Retail Desperation (poop and pee)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2017-08-06 14:44

**about a girl I worked with who always had to pee at work. Well one day....something happened...**

Minnie was a cute girl with a nice body for a twenty year old. Red hair, round right butt in her work light-tan kakis, tight dark shirt, and a water bottle she drank from all day. She had an eight hour normal shift cashiering. She got to work with a full bladder, went to the bathroom and noticed a stall in the restroom was "Out of Order." She worked at the register for a couple of hours and as her break approached she recognized a growing discomfort and urge inside of her near the lower belly. Minnie felt her bladder nearly full.

"That will be $119.31," she said to a customer. As she took the cash and counted it out a shock from the full bladder inside of her went through her whole body which made her jump. As she grabbed the change, it felt like a hot oven was inside of her ready to burst its door open as the hot, heavy load grew more and more. "Next please," she moaned as she called the next customer. She could not go on break until the last cashier who left got back. They were very busy for the holiday weekend, and it was cold out so people wanted to come in and warm.

Minnie scanned items slower with each minute that passed. As did her chances of holding it in. Minnie reached a point where she could not stop bouncing, and people looked at her and giggled. She felt so embarrassed. Her coworker John who ran the register behind her saw her big, round, tight butt in her tan pants. She felt her pants started to dig into her lower belly and pressed her bladder and the load inside which was now being pushed out. She stopped as the customer scanned their card and her legs crossed.

“Minnie,” her boss called from afar. “Tony is back. You can go on break.”

She had drank her whole bottle of water down. Her heart raced as she scanned out her last customers. “Oooooohhh,” she moaned again. She looked across the store and saw the bathrooms. People entered and exited happy as can be. About to empty their bladders and some already had. Minnie craved for that release. She kept her muscles clamped on the lower half of her body as she felt the urge to pee grow. Her panties and her tan pants were in danger of showing a presentation of humiliation on Minnie in front of everyone. “Come…on,” she whispered.

She had one last customer to finish in her line. She had multiple items of the same thing; “Crap!” she thought. An extreme couponer. Minnie had felt this desperate in the past, but she always made it in time. As uncomfortable as she was as her legs took small squirms in place against each other, she felt she could make it as always.

“I’m sorry mam,” Minnie said. “That coupon says you can only use two of this type of coupon per day.”

“Fine,” the woman said. “We’ll just break this into multiple transactions.”

Minnie closed her eyes tight and tried to pull her thoughts into the moment, away from her bladder pains and fears. “We can’t do that mam. It means you can only use two for yourself here at this store. I can’t take more than that at all no matter what.”

The woman’s face turned bright red like a scorch. She was about to erupt like a volcano or a girl with a full bladder. “Call your manager over!”

Minnie’s hands rolled into fists that she pulled back down to her sides, against the urge to punch this woman silly.

She called her manager over and tried to leave to use the restroom, but her manager said she had to finish it. Minnie bounced and rubbed her hands down her face in annoyance. She put her hands in her pockets as her thumbs drummed the sides of her pants. After five minutes of arguments, one of the security guards under cover as a normal customer came by and pulled the customer aside. He asked her to empty her pockets. She refused. He told her it would only get worse. She did, and there were two watches with store tags still on them.

A thief!

The manager cancelled the order as the security guard brought the woman into his office to wait for the police. A feeling of relaxation overcame Minnie as she could already feel her bladder emptying….WHAT….WAIT NO!

“NO!” Minnie screamed. That relaxation almost made her give her body a release. She kept her legs tight together down to the knees. She had one hand on her belly which had expanded out a little from the load inside of her which was still filling. She hurried to the other end of the store to the bathrooms. She had reached a desperation point she had never reached in public. Things were serious. Her crotch was growing hotter inside up to her belly, her muscles down there ached as her full bladder pushed against her insides. Minnie had to pee. NOW. Like yesterday! “Almost there Minnie, hold it, come on!” She reached the bathrooms, grabbed the handle to the girl’s room, pushed and…nothing. The door would not budge. Minnie’s heart sank into darkness.

She fought with the bathroom door handle. It was locked! Tight! She almost cried as she knew the toilets, her key to comfort and avoidance of an accident and utter humiliation, were just beyond this locked door. A hand went in front of her and smacked an OUT OF ORDER sign on the door.

Being so close to the bathrooms and its toilets that Minnie so desperately needed caused her bladder pains to grow to ones a giant could not withstand. Her legs in the tight, tan pants tightened as one leg lifted off the ground and pushed over the other one. “What’s going on?!?”

The store janitor looked at her without sympathy. “Our water pipes cracked opened. It’s leaking everywhere in the back. The toilets and sinks have no water. No one can go in there until they’re fixed.”

Minnie’s jaw dropped. Her pupils dilated and eyes watered into tears of terror. The growing anxiety of a possible accident was back. Her belly and bladder were swollen with a huge amount of hot pee, a load her panties would never survive. She had use the bathroom so badly and now she couldn’t.

Just as he was about to walk away after placing a sign on the men’s bathroom as well, Minnie grabbed him. “Wait! I really have to go to the bathroom though!” Minnie was bouncing in slow motions on one leg as the other still kept itself clamped up to her crotch.

“The Mexican restaurant in the plaza we share with has a bathroom. Go there.”

Minnie found slight hope, and hurried back to the other end of the store.

Right as she reached the door and saw the Mexican restaurant greeting people as they came in, she was pulled back by her manager. “Minnie. We need you back on register.”

Minnie’s heart sank. “But I-I-I never got to go to th-the bathroom. Please just let me go to the Mexican place quick.”

“I’m sorry,” her manager said. “You just had a break. You can go after.”

Minnie shook. She had no choice. She gulped and walked to her register about to burst.

Half an hour passed by. Every time a customer walked by and exited the store saying how unprofessional it was to have a business while the bathrooms are down, killed Minnie a little on the inside. She had bitten her bottom lip and legs crossed as she rung customers out. Just having customers remind her that there are no bathrooms almost made her sick.

“Oh…no,” Minnie whispered. She felt a couple small drops of pee escape her muscles clamped together like melted metal. She felt the slight dampness of her panties. “Gotta…hold…it,” she moaned in a low, cracked voice. “Ooooooh.”

Minnie rung out another customer. This one had twenty water gallon containers in his carriage. Minnie’s eyes widened as the cart strolled up and the liquid inside the containers made splashing sounds. She scanned his waters. “Okay…” she struggled to say. “Sir that will be $21.07, please.”

The customer struggled through his wallet. He looked disappointed. The longer he took the more stressed Minnie had become while being trapped in her toiletless prison. The customer said, “Sorry, I’m a little short. Can you take a couple of these back?”

Minnie nodded. She got ready to scan the items to void them out, but the customer placed one of the gallons on the edge of the counter, and it slipped off. Minnie ran around her register quick to grab it, but it hit the floor, and imminently cracked and the plastic exploded with a puddle of water splashing the area around it. A few drops hit Minnie’s bottom leg, and the watery feeling made her without thinking to grab her crotch. Her legs turned inwards at the knees. “Eeeeeee.” She ached.

Minnie turned off her register so the janitor could come clean the mess up. She stood there zoning her area as they were taught to in these times. She tried to ignore it, but her faced was pulled by pain to stare at the janitor mop up the puddle and then squeeze the mop over the bucket, splashing into the water below like pee hitting toilet water during a nice release. Minnie was so…so…SO, very desperate. It felt like it would pop inside of her any second.

Minnie looked to the left, then the right, and headed out the door. It didn’t matter at this point if she got in trouble. She had a weak bladder to begin with. Minnie ran taking little steps as she held her legs together as much as she could while moving and had her arms tucked to her side. She was bursting from the inside of her bladder to her white panties with pink flowers. Her private parts had become so swollen and filled with urine that it felt like boiling water on the stove. Her gut felt like it was being melted opened. Her belly pushed against her waist and her tan pants tightened to the front of her body and slipped into her butt. She felt her wedgie riding up causing more discomfort, and her tight, tan pants now sunk into her butt crack and showed her butt practically. The muscles in her legs and crotch that held back the river of humiliation inside her belly were weakening and becoming numb.

She was getting closer to the Mexican restaurant. She had been in there before, and their bathrooms were nasty. However, she didn’t care. Minnie didn’t have a car this week, and her sister would not be picking her up until she herself got out of work on the other side of town which was when Minnie was supposed to get out here. She could NOT, repeat NOT wet her pants in front of everyone in public.

She reached the glass door to the restaurant. “Oh thank God.” She grabbed the handle and pulled. Then pulled again…and again…but nothing happened. “No…no,” Minnie shook as she gagged from the bursting volcano of pee inside of her. The restaurant was locked-up. There was a sign on the door: DINNER BREAK. BE BACK AND OPEN AGAIN IN ONE HOUR.

Minnie’s jaw dropped in disbelief. She grabbed her hair and crouched down as her legs crossed and her tight shown butt hit the bottom of her work shoes. She bounced what little she could in her crouched, tightened position.

This couldn’t be happening, she thought. “Ee!” Minnie shrieked. She held still as she felt a couple more drop escape her shut door inside holding back a load that would ruin her panties and pants. She could feel the dampness growing. There were no other stores around. She had no way to travel. Her store’s bathrooms were out of order, and there was little chance she could wait another hour for the restaurant to open again.

Her stomach literally felt like it would blow. The boiling, heavy weight-like pressure inside of her was coming. She couldn’t last much longer. This was it.

Minnie slowly got back up and slowly walked back to her store. As she got inside she started to cry and shake. “This can’t be happening.” Her knees were locked together. But it didn’t matter. She felt a few more drops pop out of her private parts and stain her panties. A small trail of urine leaked down the top of her leg, but stopped right above the back of the knee. A few people passed by her and looked in disgust.

“Hey!” a girl shouted from behind. “Minnie, you bitch!” It was a girl from Minnie’s class, Lily Tanner. Minnie hoped to god this was not what she thought it was about. “You slept with my boyfriend at Josie’s party last week!?!?” It was.

Minnie shook hard, unable to stop. “LLLLilly.” Minnie stuttered. “Pplease, it just happened, I-.”

“Screw you!” Lily shoved Minnie and Minnie’s back hit the wall. The resulting shock sent a wave through her body and hit her especially hard on her bladder and stomach area. Her legs stayed locked, but the load was too much.

Minnie felt the pee as it started to stream out and into her panties. She grabbed her crotch and filled her cheeks with breath as she sweated and looked all around hoping for some solution to pop up. Why did she have to sleep with Lily’s boyfriend!??!

Then, Minnie saw hope outside. PORTA POTTIES! The store ordered them and they were placed outside. Still being set up, but one was already ready she saw. Minnie struggled out of there with her feet keeping a fast pace of small steps.

Lily grabbed her from behind. “We’re not done yet.” She saw Minnie had her hands on her crotch and legs were shuffling over each other like she was in a steady race. “What’s wrong with…” Then Lily saw and knew. Minnie was bursting with pee. She smiled with evil and ran to the porta potty. Minnie ran after her in great anxiety, but Lily got in and locked it!

Minnie struggled with the lock. Her heart raced and she looked down to see her pants becoming darker.

“Ew!” someone screamed. Everyone around turned to look at Minnie. “She’s peeing herself!”

“N-No…” Minnie squeaked “Th-This ccan’t…no…NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!” It was too late. Minnie felt her bladder erupt like a super volcano, which would end the world, which meant the world of Minnie’s bottom half was doomed. Pee felt like hot steam as it shot out of her body and flooded her panties, then overloading and falling down her pants. Her tan pants had become dark all over and uncomfortable and wet as her face from the tears that fell down it. Knowing if she didn’t sleep with Lily’s boyfriend, Lily wouldn’t have taken her last chance.

But it was too late. People looked in fear, some laughed, as Minnie had streams of pee shoot out of her front zipper and onto the ground around her. It streamed out of the bottom of her pants and onto her shoes which gave off a stinky aroma of asparagus. A river of pee puddle formed around Minnie. She placed her hands over her eyes which cried out tears of humiliation. This was so embarrassing. “I…I…I…Oh no…no. NO PLEASE!”

The load she held inside distracted her from another pain that wanted to come out: POOP! Her weakened muscles could not hold that back either, and a load of brown mess exploded out of her butt and made her pants brown. Her jaw dropped, and Lily came out of the porta potty pleased. Minnie ran inside crying and shut the door. Not knowing what to do as she cried from humiliation, hearing people outside laugh and gossip.

THE END.

*002*2017-08-06 16:56

{{1 hour ago, Bellatrix1 said:

Damn poor Minnie I feel so bad for her but that was a great story I just hope she got some revenge on Lilly

}}

Minnie deserved it lol

*006*2017-08-12 19:05

{{3 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

Hey Rick, great story man! But I had a question: why did she poop her pants? I'm not complaining, but there wasn't any build up to it, idk she even had to poop too until it was too late!

}}

You should read my story of teachers waiting in line vs the bell. Same thing happens (and it a great story if I may toot my own horn). Basically there's a things where some people get to such a bad point in needing to pee the pressure on their stomach makes them poop.

*008*2017-08-14 03:12

{{On 8/11/2017 at 2:03 AM, juntaglom said:

Please don't tag your story 'diapers' if it doesn't have any. Thank you.

}}

I'm sorry. I've seen others do it so I thought it was okay . I won't do it again. Sorry.

*009*2018-03-10 21:06

{{On 8/13/2017 at 12:41 AM, ololol said:

...I don't think that happens.

}}

It does

*012*2018-06-07 13:50

{{4 hours ago, Alltheomorashi said:

Your stomach doesn’t actually control when you poop though. It’s your intestines. Poop doesn’t build up in your stomach, it starts to fill the intestines which eventually release your waste. Even if that were true your bladder is way lower down than your stomach and is so much smaller than your intestines that no amount of pressure from it would cause you to suddenly need to poop.

}}

The pain if great enough can cause it. Seen it happen. Sorry, not arguing anymore.

