Empire: Not Just Knights

Author: blooper

*000*2017-07-26 12:22

(An addition to Livinginfinite's world DGSilver already wrote about, and hopefully Linkx will finish something related sometime as well. Check out Infi's stuff on the site and on Tumblr. Optimally more of these are forthcoming, but we'll see what my free time dictates.)

A Ghost, But Not Quite A Phantom PT 1

Taylor split her double sword into two weapons as she spun, narrowly avoiding the leaping pounce of a wolf the size of a bear. She felt a short spurt leak into her garments, and she could feel the guardian start to fill from repeated leaks. This was ridiculous! How could she be expected to hold through this?! These things were insane! Her thoughts were cut off by the deafening roar of an elephant sized bear, and she let out a whimper as she began to flood herself.

Her soggy guardian was no match for the flood and her skintight black pants showed a barely noticeable expanding wet patch as she leaked through her diaper. She should be better than this! Still peeing, she launched herself towards the charging bear, leaping into the air and driving her twin blades into its eyes. The beast reared back, howling in pain, and she let go with one hand, a spell projector dropping from the metal ornamentation on her arm. She fired, and the bear fell backwards, writhing in intense pain. She ripped her swords free from its eyes, easily merging them back together and driving one end of the double sword through the incapacitated bear’s skull.

She had to be quick. Pulling the sword out, she spun, barely getting it up in time to block the closing jaws of the massive wolf monster. Staring into its maw was terrifying, she had to admit, and she shamefully realized she had already dropped a mass of firm poo into her guardian as she narrowly avoided death by its jaws. Angrily, she spun the sword in a violent motion, the blades lashing out and ripping the monsters head apart. The two monsters dealt with, she turned around only to fall to her knees, trembling.

Rising up out of the water nearby was a colossal kraken, larger than any ship she had ever seen. Her sword clattered to the ground, and she felt another wave of pee assault her overwhelmed padding, soaking her tight black suit even further. Even worse, she could feel warm mush exiting her at a rapid pace, overwhelming the phantom in the space of a few moments and forced to spread around in her tight black pants, spreading up her back and down her legs. It was soft and sticky, and she knew cleanup would be a bitch. Suddenly, everything faded.

Taylor opened her eyes, looking around the small, dark room. Taylor herself was a well muscled, lithe woman, with short red hair and brilliant blue eyes. She wore a tight fitting black leather suit, which at the moment was weighed down significantly by her own waste. Joining her in the room was a pair of redheads. One, wearing heavy armor with a massive hammer leaning against the wall next to wear she sat, had similar short red hair and piercing blue eyes.

Unlike Taylor, she was a giant of a woman, though more in width than height. Standing at around six feet and in every aspect impressive, most of the woman was concealed beneath her heavy combat armor. Lastly, a technomancer stood facing her, a third woman with red hair and bright blue eyes, though this one’s hair was significantly longer. She wore tight white clothes, the symbol of an imperial technomancer inscribed on the breast of the uniform. She was curvy and attractive, fitting in between the lithe tone and hulking muscle of the other two.

“Over already?” Taylor asked jokingly, carefully standing and checking the extent of her accident. “Man that spell is brutal, Chrys. I do way worse in that than any of the other FRMTs.

“It is the final test, after all. It’s bound to be difficult.” Chrysalis, the technomancer, replied.

“She just wanted to get it over with quickly.” The third figure chimed in from the wall. “She’s about to make as bad a mess of her Sentinel as you did of your joke of a diaper.”

Taylor turned to look, and indeed, Chrysalis was squirming, the sagging front of her Sentinel training garment clearly visible through her tight white pants. “Go ahead and go before I get cleaned up then.” Taylor told her, moving over to the changing area to begin the arduous process of cleanup.

Chrysalis turned to leave, but suddenly a loud slam echoed through the room, followed by a shout of “Anybody home!?”. It seemed they had an interested buyer.

Unfortunately for Chrysalis, the loud noise was too much. With a whimper, the technomancer could do nothing as she released a noisy mess into her Sentinel. The ppblllrrtt was audible as she loudly voided herself, the back of her white pants expanding as she pressed the training underwear to its capacity. Even worse, she flooded the front of her white pants with pee, the overwhelmed diaper unable to keep her fearful reaction entirely contained. Chrysalis gingerly felt her bottom, grimacing as she felt the extent of the damage. “Anna, go deal with our visitor. I need to cleanup.”

“Of course. Give the oh-so continent FMRT rank 4 and 5 time to clean up. Right on it.” Anna replied. Despite her jab, the heavily armored woman rose, slinging her hammer over her shoulder, and left the room to deal with their visitor.

Both girls began to strip out of their messy garments, cleaning up. “So, getting any better?” Chrysalis asked.

“Not really.” Taylor replied, managing to keep any hint of disappointment out of her voice. “I can never make it past the big one. The spell is just too much.”

Chrysalis nodded. “Consider yourself lucky you could make it past the dragon to get rank five. That thing still gives me nightmares.”

“Well…I wouldn’t say my dreams are dragon free either. Thank god there’s no such thing.” Taylor replied. “Here, let me-“ the assassin reached over and helped Chrys with a particularly determined chunk of poo. Working together, the pair managed to get themselves cleaned up in time for Anna to return.

A short while later, Anna returned. “We’ve got three jobs. Two of them are Taylor’s style, one will need all three of us. And we got a message from Tribe Leader Ashaya. She needs more supplies, and is willing to pay well for them. It seems concealing her…feminine problems have required more garments than she expected.” Anna grinned at the last comment, tossing the short letter from Ashaya onto the table.

Chrysalis shot it a quick glance, then looked over the small magical tablet Anna handed her. A few moments later, she nodded. “Alright, this shouldn’t take more than a few days. Anna, you will deal with Windhowl, then Gravemounte. Anna and I will retrieve some vanguards for Ashaya. After that, we’ll meet up with the Promise of Storm and have Travis drop us off for the final job.”

The other two women nodded, and Chrysalis passed off the datapad to Taylor. Looking over it, the woman broke out into a grin. “So, some vengeance for those stupid FRMT’s, then an illicit liason? This will be fun. I even get to go protection-less for the second one.”

“Lucky.” Anna replied, a hint of jealousy in her voice.

“It’s not as if we can send the Titan wearer on a mission unprotected.” Taylor retorted, grinning.

“Shut up, you know it’s only because my releases are so large. I qualify for the same pretty little garment you wear otherwise. And…try not to wear nice pants when you go out for the second one.”

Both other women giggled slightly at her reaction, and Taylor nodded. “Don’t worry, I know what I’m getting into. Don’t be too jealous, you two.”

Chrysalis blushed slightly at that, but shook her head. “I’m sure you’ll enjoy charming the general plenty, but we don’t need to hear about it. Let’s all get ready to, shall we? Unless Anna needs a change first, of course.”

The large redhead shook her head, and with that the three dispersed to gather gear and then head out.

Taylor set off first. Dressed in the same tight black uniform and a fresh guardian, she fingered a small spell projector as she left the compound. Created by Chrysalis, it would allow her to appear as a guardswoman so as not to draw suspicion. It was an hour or so walk to the nearest rail station. Entering the women’s entrance, she sighed as she made her way over to a changing table. The journey to the center of the city would take hours, and women were required to wear significant protection for the journey. She could already feel a need nagging at her after the walk anyway. A friendly looking young woman with light brown hair approached, dressed in the uniform of the rail service. Her own diaper was slightly visible beneath her uniform.

“Where might you be headed today?” she asked in a cheerful voice.

“Center City, upper layer.” Taylor replied. The woman nodded, and retrieved a thick civilian diaper. It wasn’t quite like the titans or vanguards the military used, but it was equally unpleasant. Taylor reluctantly allowed the woman to change her into the larger garment, taking small satisfaction in the woman’s frown at Taylor’s pristine guardian. Packing away the guardian for later, Taylor exited the room, calling a curt “Thanks.” to the girl who had changed her. Awkwardly walking with her newfound padding, Taylor took her seat, shifting to try and get comfortable. The woman beside her was obviously wearing a similar garment beneath her clothes, and it smelled as if she had already made use of it. Once Taylor settled in, she began to review the plan in her head, scoping the layout of the building over and over in her mind.

Unconsciously lost in thought, the assassin crossed her legs tightly, her needs growing worse. Taylor may have qualified for a guardian, but none of those tests helped her as she unknowingly began to soak her provided garment. The padding was already obvious through her skintight suit, and it expanded as she emptied her bladder, unaware. The padding eagerly ate up the accident, the warmth pooling around her thighs familiar enough to Taylor it didn’t even stir her from her thoughts.

A few minutes later, Taylor was shaken out of her thoughts by a loud, “Hey!” The assassin managed to muffle a shriek of surprise, and did not manage to hide the blush that formed on her face as she fearfully and rapidly pushed a solid mass of poo into her diaper. Coming to the realization she had wet herself as well, she internally cursed. She should be better than this, she was Guardian qualified! “What?” she asked the source of the shout, managing to speak calmly despite her internal annoyance. Looking over, she saw the woman beside her was the source, clearly desperate.

“I’m sorry, I need you to move and you weren’t responding.” She replied to Taylor, apologizing sheepishly. “My…protection won’t hold another accident, I need to go to the bathroom…”

“You can’t even take these off by yourself. There’s no point.”

“But…” the woman looked horrified. “You could help me, right?” she asked, suddenly hopeful.

“I’m not changing the diaper of a stranger I just met.” Taylor replied coldly.

Before the other woman could reply, another voice spoke up. “I’m sorry, what did you say?” Taylor turned to see a tall blonde woman, dressed very businesslike, speaking. She looked very serious, and was doing her very best to hide the slight trembling in her legs as she clearly needed to go badly. “We can’t take these off ourselves?”

“No, you just have to use them. Have you not been on one of these before?” Taylor grumbled. She didn’t want attention drawn to her as she was about too poop her diaper, and had already started thanks to the woman beside her.

“That’s ridiculous! I’m a grown woman, they can’t trap me in this…this…toddler’s garment.” The businesswoman huffed. She turned to move again, but paused to keep control of herself. “I will speak to the captain. There must be some accommodation.”

Taylor rolled her eyes. It didn’t occur to her much, but she supposed civilians weren’t used to wearing protection all the time, and certainly weren’t used to being in frightening situations that would make them need it. “No sense in letting her cause trouble…” Taylor muttered under her breath. Loosening the strap on one of her metal armguards, she let it fall to the metal floor with a resounding clatter. All eyes turned to the sound, and both women reacted with surprise.

The already soiled woman reacted fairly gracefully compared to the blonde. She let out a small shriek and began to soil her diaper once again. Hot pee flooded her diaper, and it could no longer contain it, yellow liquid running down the woman’s legs beneath her skirt and puddling on the train floor. Her bowels emptied as well, semisolid mush pushing into her diaper and expanding beyond its capacity, staining her thighs and bottom around the protective garment.

The blonde cried out at the sound, and she clamped her hands on her bottom. Bending over, she presented a view of her diapered bottom from beneath her tight skirt. “Nonono this can’t be happening I can’t soil myself aaaaaa.” Tears filled her eyes, and it started with a loud hissing sound, followed moments later by a series of loud and rude farts. The visible bottom of her diaper rapidly browned and expanded as she noisily and messily shit her diaper.

Taylor took the opportunity to finish her business while eyes were on the woman. Standing slightly out of her seat to pick up her armguard, she relaxed her bowels, pushing a few solid logs into her diaper. Reattaching the guard, she reluctantly sat back down, grimacing slightly as the mess squished around. An attendant arrived soon enough, leading the sobbing blonde back to her seat, and Taylor settled in for the rest of the journey, not exactly a stranger to being in a messy diaper.

Taylor exited the train, walking awkwardly in her messy diaper. Sitting there like that was awful, but it had to be done. Pausing as she entered the changing area, she released her bladder, a fresh wave of pee soaking her diaper. No sense in holding it. She blushed a bit as a changing assist tittered at her expanding diaper and moved over to help her, and she tuned out for the duration of changing, doing her best to ignore the other women changing around her. She was sure the woman from beside her and the blonde were both being cleaned up.

Changed back into her guardian, Taylor left the station. It was a short walk to the military complex, and after stepping into an alley and activating her soldier disguise, Taylor entered the complex.

Walking around as a guard was simple. No one stopped to question her, no one seemed suspicious she wasn’t a face they recognized. Moving into the medical area, she passed by several areas where women were being changed out of the larger diapers, and could see a few soiled women moving towards those areas from the FRMT rooms. All kinds of women were moving around or being changed, but they all shared the constant presence of a diaper, most of them dripping with urine and sagging with feces. She even saw one heavily muscled woman crouched beside the changing table, grunting as she filled her diaper with poo. Must be making sure everything was out. Moving towards the operations desk for the FRMT area, she wrote down a false name on the sheet. The woman gave it a once over, accepted Taylor’s payment, and nodded. “You’re good to go, just choose a room.”

Taylor was glad her disguise showed signs of a larger diaper, since it meant no questions were asked when she headed to the FRMT room without changing into a heavier diaper first. She had to go a bit again, but it wasn’t urgent. And she needed to be ready for Windhowl to arrive. The general would be using this specific room, and so far, everything was going as planned.

Shutting the door behind her, Taylor took a moment to be thankful these rooms were soundproofed. It was to prevent the scared women’s screams from disturbing others, of course, but it was certainly convenient.

“If you’ll just take a seat in the chair and tell me what rank you are testing for, we can begin.” Said the woman sitting at the desk in the room.

“Well…” Taylor changed from walking pace to lightning fast speed, shooting across the room and letting her disguise fall as she drew her blade, ending with the weapon extended, point just touching the woman’s neck. “Hands in the air, stand up.” She commanded.

The FRMT giver gulped and quickly stood, raising her hands. Her entire body was shaking, and as she rose Taylor could see a rapidly expanding stain appear on her pants. A few farts and a wet crackling sound indicated she was not doing much better to the rear of her pants. It seemed she hadn’t worn protection to work today. A poor plan.

As the woman stood, Taylor vaulted onto the desk and drove her knee right into the woman’s stomach, then struck her with a powerful blow to the head. The attendant crumpled, and Taylor stuffed her under the desk, reapplying her disguise to look like the now unconscious attendant. Moving over to the door, she opened it a bit to give the indication the room was free, then moved back to the desk.

Soon enough, she heard the commotion outside that signaled Windhowl’s arrival. “I’ve never had an accident in one of these tests in my life, I don’t need that stupid thing. Damn it!” Despite her protests, soon enough one of the most famous warriors in the Empire, both for her continence and her prowess, was wearing a Titan. Fuming, she made her way into the pre-arranged room, Taking a seat in the chair with a huff.

“Welcome general. I’m sorry about the garment, its simply standard protocol.” Taylor spoke as she moved over to the door and shut it tightly, then approached Windhowl from behind.

“It’s assault is what it is! They know very well I don’t need this!” Taylor smirked, letting the general rant. She activated the chair, magical bindings reaching out and securing the general in place. A precaution for panicked reactions by women lost in the throes of the illusionary terrors. Taylor took the necklace that filled women’s bladder and bowels, designed to make the test indicative of situations where they had no chance to relieve themselves, and slipped it over Windhowl’s neck, securing it.

“What are you doing? Did you forget who you’re testing!?” Windhowl protested, trying to twist around in her chair to glare angrily. Taylor simply grinned. Part of their information had revealed Windhowl’s deal, and why she would come to this room. She relieved herself before the test, and the tester simply didn’t apply the necklace. “Today is a little different.” Taylor replied.

“What!? I’ll have your head for this, you ungrateful-“ Windhowl’s words stopped short as Taylor held the cold blade of her sword to Windhowl’s neck.

“You will be a good little girl and do as you are told.” Taylor told her coldly. Windhowl whimpered, and to her credit she managed to keep her diaper dry. Her bowels were a different story, however, and a loud pppbblllrrrttt was audible as she noisily pushed a wave of soft mess into her diaper. “Looks like your record is already broken, general.” Taylor commented, walking back around to the desk. She returned Windhowl’s death glare with a calm smile, and picked up the attendant’s spell projector. “Let’s begin the test, shall we? Six is appropriate for your rank, I believe?”

Windhowl, bladder and bowels rapidly filling, gulped at the prospect, but reluctantly nodded. “Excellent.” Taylor stated, then pointed the projector and began firing it. One, two, three, and Windhowl was lost in the illusion. But Taylor kept firing. Four, five, six. The max amount used in FRMTs. Seven, Eight, Nine. The maximum safe limit. Ten, Eleven, Twelve, Thirteen. Taylor set the wand down, and simply watched.

For the first few minutes, only a small wet patch appeared on Windhowl’s diaper, and she seemed to be doing fine. Then the next wave kicked in, and she soaked it. When the next one kicked in, she filled it to capacity, pushing out hard and soft mess along with a torrent of pee. When the last wave hit, the massive diaper was overwhelmed. Pee streamed down the chair and puddled on the ground around her, and her already sagging bottom overloaded, mess spreading around inside her pants and slowly soiling them in their entirety. Taylor smiled as she listened to Windhowl’s terrified cries. The woman’s muscles were working overtime as they desperately stopped her refilling bladder and bowels, just before she was frightened again and once again filler her overloaded garment with warm liquid and mush. It was simply too much for them, and soon enough her muscles simply stopped working, no longer able to stem the tide of accidents. Permanent damage, likely.

Taylor watched for a long while, waiting until Windhowl’s cries were finally dying down. She could see the damage was done, the general no longer putting up any sort of fight against the fear. Satisfied she had completed her mission, she picked up the magical recording device she had set on the table and let it take one last shot of the enormously soiled general before ending the recording and slipping it back into her suit. Setting up the unconscious FRMT attendant back in her seat, she pulled another magical device from inside her uniform. A moment later, she vanished from sight, and quietly slipped out of the room.

From Windhowl’s perspective, things went horribly wrong. She was on a battlefield, and her side was clearly losing. The general was fine for the first few minutes, cutting down enemy soldiers and managing to ignore her rapidly growing need. An arrow narrowly missed her, and she gasped, feeling warmth suffuse her crotch. Still, the leakage was minor, and most women lost complete control at that simple test. Suddenly, spells began to fly, and Windhowl sped up her movement, avoiding the areas being most assaulted and charging for mages when she could. It seemed someone caught on, however, and she dived forward as a massive fireball exploded behind her. The magical detonation sent a wave of fear through her body, and as she landed with the clattering of armor her bladder failed her. Warm liquid rapidly pooled inside her large diaper, and the general hung her head in shame as she fearfully pissed herself.

She tried to rise, but a powerful kick sent her sprawling backwards. Looking up, she stared trembling into the eyes of a massive earth elemental, summoned by the enemy mages. Her hands went for her dropped swords, but the creature stamped down and the ground shook with power, her blades shattering. Windhowl looked between the elemental, then back at her broken swords, and let out a mewling whimper. She involuntarily began to push a series of solid logs into her diaper, each one spreading further as they pushed against the limits of her armor. Just as she finished her fearful release, the giant elemental snatched her up in its powerful grasp.

She barely had time to scream before it squeezed, and the sound was suddenly a gasp as she struggled for air. She had no control as it squeezed her, a loud hissing sound making it clear she was once again pissing herself. A loud wet ppbbllrrt was not far behind as the creature’s crushing grip and terrifying appearance forced her to shit herself once again, this time liquid mess exploding into her diaper, filling up the remaining space in the garment with hot liquid diarrhea. Luckily, the Titan could manage to contain it. She couldn’t breathe, and soon enough everything faded to black.

When she came too, she was sitting at her desk, wearing normal attire. Her panties were completely unsoiled, and it seemed as usual she had forgone any sort of protection. She didn’t need such a thing. When she heard the sounds of gunfire outside her door, however, she wasted no time in soaking her panties and pants. The white uniform pants did little to hide her accident, and she cursed her sudden weakness as she looked down at her see through, warm, and piss soaked trousers. Suddenly, there was a banging at the door, as if someone was trying to break it down. “The general is in here. Make sure she doesn’t escape alive!” she heard a man say. Gulping, Windhowl moved quickly, curling up and hiding under her desk. A moment later, the crack of the door breaking down was audible, and a pair of hammer wielding men entered the room. “Where is she? She couldn’t have gone out some other way!”

Windhowl quivered nervously beneath the desk. The men were in the room now…she felt helpless as her quivering bowel muscles pushed soft mess into her panties, the practical white garments sagging heavily but managing to contain the accident. Windhowl couldn’t believe herself. She was curled up under the desk, soiling herself like a frightened child. She was one of the strongest warriors in the empire! Suddenly, one of the men’s hammers slammed into the desk above her, and it took all of her control to not let out a shriek of fear. She was sobbing in terror now, and a fresh wave of pee soaked her pants, thoroughly covering her legs in piss and a large puddle growing beneath her. She would have to grovel, to beg them too…

Suddenly, two shots of a spell projector ran out, and the men fell dead. She could see both their bodies hit the floor beside the desk from her position hiding beneath it. At the shots, she pushed another wave of soft mush into her panties, this time overwhelming them and staining her bottom and thighs with warm, sticky mess. She was softly crying now, completely distraught. She had no control left, her iron bladder was gone. “Hey, who’s under there?” a voice called, and a projector poked around the corner of the desk. The mewling general couldn’t even manage a response, simply voiding her bladder and bowels once again.

The puddle beneath her expanded considerably, her entire top now soaked, even her silvery hair clearing wet with pee. A third wave of soft mush filled her panties, forcing mess to spread everywhere down her legs. She could feel warm mush caking her entire lower body, and sticky warm urine coating everything from head to toe. All she could do was sob. “General?” the voice asked, and a male guard walked around the desk. Looking down at the general, he burst into laughter. “So this is how the mighty windhowl reacts to combat? Of course your record was a lie. They all seem to be. Come on, I’ll get you changed.” He shook his head in disgust.

Windhowl wanted to protest, to say that this normally didn’t happen, but all she could do was sob and wish she was dead. This embarrassment was too much… How could she face any of her subordinates like this? Everything faded to black again.

This time she was in a diaper again. A titan, unsoiled. It was dark, and it took her a few moments to realize she was in the woods. She started to rise, but suddenly, spiders descended from the trees. Looking around, she realized she was surrounded by webs. The spiders that surrounded her were gigantic, fangs large enough they could bite her head off and hundreds of massive red eyes, all staring at her. She broke. Spiders were terrifying, and while she usually had a good enough hold on herself to limit the sight of a spider to a slightly damp phantom, this time it was too much. The spiders approached, and her bladder and bowels fully released, and didn’t stop. Pee soaked her Titan, filling the massive garment up to capacity over the course of several minutes and then forming a rapidly expanding puddle as it overloaded the diaper, thoroughly soaked the inside of her armor, and still didn’t stop coming.

It was as if her bladder muscles simply stopped working. Her bowels followed suit, pushing wave after wave of soft mush into her Titan. As it reached its limit, she let out a wet explosion of farts and diarrhea, overloading the diaper and coating her legs in liquid mess. More waves followed, interspersed with liquid feces, and soon enough the entire inside of her armor was filled with warm mess, more of it collecting on the ground beneath her. The spiders bit at her and wrapped her in their weapon, but she wasn’t even coherent enough to notice at this point. All she did was cry and scream with fear, reduced to a mewling incontinent child.

Taylor carefully made her way through the complex, avoiding people as much as possible. She was detectible while invisible, it was just hard. The whole time, her bladder and bowels were nagging her. She needed to go. But she couldn’t exactly stop at a bathroom here. Rounding a corner, she came face to face with a closed door, two female guards flanking it. She paused…how was she going to deal with this? She would have to make due. Slipping a projector out of her armguard, she fired it at each of the women. One guard took off immediately, although the hissing and crackling of the beginnings of her accident were clearly audible. The other guard crouched, grimacing, and she closed her eyes, both hands holding her bottom. The sound of her forcefully peeing in her diaper was audible, but she was holding the rest back.

Taylor took the opportunity to slip over to the door and quietly open it. As she took once last look back she heard the woman beside her grown and with a loud bllrrppttt push wet mess into her diaper, despite her best efforts. Taylor slipped through the door, closing it silently behind her. Turning forward, she froze, using all her willpower not to let out a sound. Walking down the hall towards her was a large woman wearing the distinctive goggles of a mage killer. Such goggles allowed them to detect magic, and they normally carried ways to nullify magical attack. The goggled woman’s eyes settled on Taylor, and the assassin felt her crotch rapidly grow warm. The goggled woman approached, but Taylor was frozen in fear, the hissing sound of her soaking her diaper likely audible. The large woman grabbed at the spot she detected the concealing spell, snatching Taylor up by the neck. “Who are you and what are you doing here?” she growled at the invisible woman before her.

Taylor whimpered, mind racing to try and find a plan. It was hard, however, with fear coursing through her, and instead of coming up with a plan she continued to whimper and began to push warm mush into her diaper. The small garment wasn’t really designed to contain a full accident, and some of it escaped, coating her thighs and bottom. As she lost control, Taylor managed to slide her sword out of her armguard, jabbing out at the woman grabbing her with a trio of well-aimed blows.

Not to kill, simply to wound and terrify. And indeed, the woman let go of her, crying out in pain. Taylor fell to her feet, taking a moment to steady herself before she lashed out with the hilt of her sword, slamming the woman in the stomach and then the head, repeatedly. The goggled woman fell back against the wall, unconscious, her diaper rapidly expanding with pee and poo. Putting her sword away, Taylor continued on her escape, grimacing each time the mess spread further as she was forced to move quickly in her messy state.

Fortunately, it wasn’t too long before she reached the rooftop airship docking area. Just before she entered it, she let her invisibility fall off, replacing it with an illusion of a relatively ranking officer. Opening the door, she walked outside, waving off the question of one of the few attendants, and walked towards one of the ships. It looked like a regular imperial airship, but she knew that was simply a façade. When she reached it, an imperial solider on deck offered a hand, and she took it, pulling herself onboard. Suddenly, she could see everything as it was. The ship itself was a sleek vessel, engraved with lightning bolts and mounting a large fore and aft magical projector. It had no broadside but was decently large, being a smuggling ship designed to carry cargo.

The Imperial helping her aboard and the other three imperials on the ship also had their disguise revealed to her. Two of them were powerfully built half dragon women, standing tall broad shouldered. One carried an icy sword at her hip, the other a vicious two headed flail. The short and stocky man standing at the helm had short dark hair, a poorly groomed moustache, shining blue eyes, and wore a vicious looking hammer at his belt. Lastly, the woman helping her aboard. She wore tight teal coat and pants with gold trim, the coat open a bit to expose her considerable breasts, covered in a tight fitting black undershirt. She wore a light blue scarf around her neck and her bright red hair was held in a ponytail. “Welcome back, Taylor.” She greeted the assassin, hugging the other woman in greeting. “Was the mission a success?”

Taylor nodded, smirking a bit. “Windhowl will never pass another FRMT.” She replied with confidence, hugging the other redhead back.

The redhead laughed. “You soldier’s and your tests. I almost feel sorry for her.” The ship began to lift off as they spoke, breaking away from the tower towards their next destination.

“Katarina, get the poor thing cleaned up! I don’t need her stinking up my ship!” the short man at the helm called down at them.

Katarina rolled her eyes, but nodded. “Yes captain.” She called back in a droll tone. Releasing Taylor, she smiled. “He’s right, I suppose. Come on, let’s get you cleaned up. We still don’t carry any of your type, but I’m sure you’ll manage.” The other redhead led the way towards the inside of the ship, Taylor meekly following behind, blushing at the captain’s comment. She always felt a bit inferior in this company. She had seen how fiercely protective Travis was of women who were in danger, and it was terrifying. And Katarina was confident walking around in no protection. She felt nervous, like a potty trained little kid who had an accident, and her parents were being nice about it. Still, they were powerful allies, and she knew despite what most would say all the soldier women appreciated someone as protective as Travis. Not that she would ever admit it.

Windhowl was awoken on top of a changing table. She looked down and realized with a surprise that she was clean, and wearing a fresh titan. Sitting up, she looked to the doctor beside her who was busy writing at his desk. “What is the meaning of this? Why am I in a Titan?” she demanded.

The man turned, looking at her nervously. “Well…you see…ah…we had you in your normal wear but while you were unconscious you just kept overflowing it and we thought we should…I’m sorry general.”

She grinned slightly. At least she could still bring obedience and fear out of people, even in a giant puffy diaper with unicorns on it. Damn these Titan’s design patterns. Carefully rising, she neglected to say anything more to the man, dressing herself and looking down at the Titan showing beneath her pants with a grimace. She would have to do something about that. Stepping out of the room, she began to walk back to her room. About halfway there, she felt sudden warmth fill her diaper. She was peeing, and hadn’t even noticed she had to go….damn that FRMT attendant, she would pay for this. She walked faster, hoping to reach her room before she had an even worse accident.

And reach it she did. Swiping her card, she entered her room, the door sliding shut behind her. As she headed for the bathroom, however, her communication device began ringing loudly. She bit back a shriek of surprise, but the sound was too much for her bowels, and she involuntarily pushed a large log of poo into her diaper. She still couldn’t even feel the need to go. She walked over to the device but by then the ringing stopped. A simple message was left: report to the director’s office. She grimaced. Turning back to the bathroom, she entered it before pausing in horror. She was in a Titan, she couldn’t take it off by herself!” She felt her body give up at the thought, and a barrage of solid logs filled her large diaper. Now thoroughly wet and soiled, Windhowl reluctantly began to make her way to the changing area, wondering how she would ever explain this.

(If you check out Livinginfinite’s art thread and tumblr and such you’ll see a picture of Katarina I commissioned. And also a lot of cool art if you like this sort of thing.)

