HoloMess ~High-Spec Issues~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-07-26 04:58

New work on the series is here! I'm happy to be writing again after a break. I hope you enjoy this story. Next member will be Hoshimachi Suisei-chan. Please look forward to it!

Roboco arrived home after a long day of investigating Miko’s case and crashed in her bed. She stared at the ceiling for a while before pulling out a USB drive from her jacket pocket. “This took so long to compile,” the android lamented. She got permission to investigate from home as opposed to spending all day at Miko’s apartment, but she had to move most of the files from the DVD to something she could actually put in her body. It didn’t help that she also had to compress the files so they would fit on the small device. “Oh well, at least I can analyze it in sleep mode,” she said, plugging in the drive before covering herself in her sheets and resting.

Although she didn’t have dreams, or even a conscience, Roboco felt like something was off as she was letting herself recharge, metaphorically and literally. She could feel herself getting warmer, but she knew she wasn’t overheating. Typically, that would require her internal temperature to rise, but this felt like more of a heat encompassing her from the outside. “Hmm, so warm,” she thought to herself before questioning herself, “and wet…?”

The robot girl sprung up in surprise, throwing off her covers to reveal the origin of her uncomfortable warmth. “I… wet the bed?” Roboco said quizzically. Admittedly, her creator did design her so she could imitate a person near-perfectly, being sure to include the ability to eat and drink as well as defecate and urinate. That being said, having an accident could only be seen by her as a malfunction, and an embarrassing one at that. She rushed to throw her damp sleepwear and bedsheets into the washer and changed into some clean clothes before sitting down at her desk. Hooking herself up to her PC, she began to perform a diagnostics test on herself and quickly found the problem plaguing her body: the USB. Realizing it was still connected to her, she yanked the flash drive out of her and threw it on the ground.

“It gave me a worm?!”

Roboco had scanned the game for any obvious malware, but she would’ve never guessed someone would write their own code for such a specific purpose that would only work on her. “I gotta warn the others!” The high-spec robot tried to get out of her seat, before being forced to sit back down by her own programing. “N-no way, this can’t be happening,” Roboco said panicked, reaching for her phone in a last-ditch attempt for aid. Going for the quickest option, she called the person at the top of her “Recents” list.

Tokino Sora woke up begrudgingly as her ringtone started to go off. Normally she was reluctant to answer this early in the morning, but she made an exception when she saw who was calling.

“Hello~Bo~” Sora mimicked her friends greeting with a cheerful demeanor before being sharply cut off.

“Sora, I’m at my apartment! Help me plea-,” Roboco’s voice got cut off at the end of her plea, but the pure idol got the message nonetheless.

“Huh?!” If Sora wasn’t awake already, she definitely was now. Without hesitation, she dialed the police shortly before calling her best friend and heading down to Roboco’s home herself.

The malware was already busy rewriting the defenseless android’s code, filling her logic with ideas that no sensible machine, sentient or otherwise, would do. As a result, Roboco started to feel a similar feeling to when she woke up, spreading quickly across her bottom and her crotch. She was peeing herself without feeling the need to use the restroom, or even having the ability to stop it.

“Wha-?” The brown-haired android tried to do anything, but could only speak to herself in disbelief as her pants darkened in their color and begin to move down her legs. “Damn it. Did the malware overwrite my excretion functionality?” Roboco cursed aloud before having a horrifying realization. She remembered all at once who she was dealing with and what they did to Miko. “Oh, no! Please, anything but that,” the robot pleaded, regretting her creator’s attention to detail. She didn’t have long to think about her specifications, however, as she felt the hijacking code begin to make her do the unthinkable.

“NONONONONONONONONONONONONONO!”

The opening on Roboco’s rear end began to expand as a believably human-like waste began to expel into her waiting sweatpants. She cursed under her breath, angry with her decision to not wear any underwear. It didn’t take long for the crap trapped in her pants to start squishing against her body, beginning to push itself both up and down her body. Shame flooded the girl’s thoughts, but something else started to rise in her, and the need only grew by the second. There was no escaping it. Roboco was horny.

“Impossible… I… I turned off my pleasure parameters,” she said, stunned by the reality she was currently trapped in as her hand automatically guided itself to her groin. She was about to masturbate against her will in pants that were beyond ruined by piss and shit. And the worst part? She was going to enjoy it as much as, if not more than Miko did. As she started to rub, she could feel the world around her start to fade away as her battery began to deplete from the overexertion and warming of her body. At least her pleasure parameters made her power drain fast, so she wouldn’t have to bear with for too long. But that’s not what was on her mind at the time. Instead, she couldn’t focus on anything that didn’t involve achieving her first orgasm in a long time. Slowly, Roboco’s mind blanked out until there was nothing left for her to consciously process.

“No way, the police aren’t here yet?!” Sora ran up the stairs at a heightened pace. She was too distracted by a need to help her friend, she couldn’t even hear Yuujin A trying to stop her from behind.

Once she got to the door, she input the passcode to Roboco’s apartment lock, swinging it open as soon as the lock disengaged. Inside, she was met with a familiar, yet appalling sight. Much like how Miko was found, Roboco was sprawled out on her gaming chair, completely powered off, with a hand down her urine and feces covered sweatpants. Unsure of what to do, Sora started to weep in front of her friend in her beyond pitiful state.

“Hey! I said to wait up!” A-chan finally made her way into the apartment, only to be greeted with the same sad sight. “Holy shit…” was all she could manage say at first, but pulled herself together quickly. “So this is how it was with Miko too, huh…” She sighed, placing her hand on Sora’s shoulder. “You stay here for when the police arrive. I’m gonna get her cleaned up and ready to recharge.” Sora nodded as the short-haired girl took Roboco into the bathroom.

A-chan took the android’s clothes off shortly before beginning to wash her down in the shower. After thoroughly cleaning her off, she got the powered-off girl into bed and attached her charging cables. Shortly after, the police arrived at the complex, where Sora chewed them out for their lack of timeliness and explained Roboco’s situation as a panic attack to prevent any further embarrassment. Once she reached a sufficient charge level, they woke Roboco up only to get confirmation on one thing: she had wet the bed again.

Yet again, a week passed. Much like Miko’s case, Roboco was temporarily stuck with incontinence and arousal around said incontinence until a solution was found. The easiest option would’ve been to format the robot and reboot her with a backup state from before the incident, which would also wipe her memory of the malware as well. But Roboco was vehemently against it, saying that she wanted to remember the shame so that she’ll never make a mistake like what she did again.

However, that left the only option being to patch out the malware, which could easily take weeks, if not months. This didn’t stop her, however. Although she was hurt mentally, Roboco agreed to keep streaming while using “protection” as a safeguard for her future accidents. The more worrisome part of her ordeal was that again, like Miko, video feed from Roboco’s eyes during the incident was being sent to a random IP address and port, likely for their newfound assaulter’s amusement. But with no leads, for the time being all the members involved could do was wait for these perverts’ next move.

*002*2021-07-26 19:49

{{1 hour ago, desperation21 said:

I can't stress how excited I am when you upload man. Keep up the great work

}}

Thanks a lot! I was on vacation so I hadn't uploaded in a while. It's good to see people still look forward to my stuff even after taking a month off.

