Yuka Tanobi: Festival of Dragons

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2019-08-11 01:50

I've wanted to do another Yuka story for awhile. This one is a rewrite of the first story I wrote called The Thief and The Holy Girl. This time though, I wanted to make a longer, more fleshed-out story with more situations.

I'll give the warning that this first part has no drawn out desperation, but that will be coming later. If casual peeing/pooping isn't your thing, then this first part isn't going to tickle your pickle.

______

Part I

In the courtyards of the prison, she could hear them talking, though just barely. “So what did she do?” One guard asked another.

“Assaulted a noble. There was a brawl in a small teahouse, nice little place. A couple of kids got rowdy, just as Lord Danshin’s son was visiting. In the whole mess, this girl, thin as a beanpole lashes out at somebody and misses him. Hits the noble’s kid square in the jaw.”

The first guard seemed to find it difficult to take in. “This is that girl down in the cellar, right? The cute one with blonde hair?”

“Yep. Anyway, where was I? Oh, right, so anyway, Danshin’s kid, now covered in tea, starts hollering and screaming. He demands whoever struck him must be executed. By now, the rest of these kids have realized who it is screaming and they’ve bolted out the front door. Not the girl though, she was just stood there.”

“So she’s sat in that cell waiting for the gallows?”

“Nope. A few weeks before we were meant to do it, Captain of the guard comes to visit personally. Claims Lord Danshin’s kid was way out of hand and that her sentence be lowered to a life imprisonment. So she’s shoved down into the cellar and left to rot.”

“Shame, she’s cute.”

In the bowels of the prison, in the old cells deep beneath the ground, a thief had been locked up. For the crime of assaulting a noble, she was to miss trial and be sent straight to the gallows. But the sun shone from her arse one lucky day when that execution was reduced to life imprisonment. This thief was Yunoko Tanobi, a blonde-haired miscreant and extremely talented. It was her who had raised her fist to that noble, striking him square in the cheek. Now, she was left to rot in this cell.

She was a sharp, tomboyish girl of nineteen years. Courtesy of her thin frame, she had a sharp, distinct face with amethyst coloured eyes. She had long, straw-coloured hair that reached her shoulders, or would if it did not flick upwards. It was as if a banana skin had been discarded atop her head. That was the joke that was shared among her friends. The well-renowned beauty of Orientian girls was lost to Yunoko, with her wide whimsical eyes that always seemed to be looking for something and her thin crooked lips that held a certain sinister intend buried behind a friendly grin.

As for her body, she was thin and built like a beanpole, barely an ounce of fat on her. She was skinny, lanky, and well shaped only around her arse, which she often touted as been her best feature. Even without any sun for so long, she was still a light tan colour. Appearance meant little to her, and her philosophy for thievery had always been the less she wore, the less constricted she felt. Because of this she often favoured a long white robe without sleeves; She’d torn them off believing it made her difficult to grab.

She’d been right until recently. Beneath her robe, she covered her breasts, barely, with a brown corset that exposed her midriff. Were it not for laws, or the constant propositions from drunk horny men in the late hours, she’d happily walk around with her assets on display. Her shorts were a dull beige and often so low she’d catch a stray wind against the crack of her arse and lastly her boots were simple, made of leather, stained with all kinds of muck that littered the streets.

Today had been a day like every other day that had passed since she’d been locked up. Yuka had woken up, tended to a pesky inch on her arse, and hobbled over to the corner of her cell, scratching herself the whole way. Still half asleep, she’d squat down over the drain and take a long, hissing piss into the waiting abyss. She’d yawn, let out a tired groan and fart, all while her water rushed beneath her. She’d sigh with relief as a whole nights worth of water poured from between her legs, splattering against the iron grate beneath her. Once she was almost finished, she’d peer between her legs and watched the last of her piss rain down in the unending darkness beneath her.

After she’d taken her morning piss, she’d shake off the stray dribbles, cursing the lack of paper she was given as she jiggled her butt to get dry, then pull up her shorts and get breakfast. An iron tray would always be waiting by her cell door. On it was a bowl of porridge, unsweetened, lumpy, and more like gruel, as well as a cold cup of green tea. Seeing that miserable excuse for food made her long to be back in the capital, eating meat and drinking wine once more. She’d sit on her bed, slowly nibbling at the lumps of porridge and sipping her green tea. Some days she’d think about the Thieves Guild, and others she’d think about Ania, hoping one day she could feel her soft embrace again.

Once breakfast was finished, there was nothing to do but sit on her bed until nature called. Once she heard the moan of her stomach, she’d jump up from her bed and head back to the corner of her cell, where she’d yank down her trousers and take a dump over the drain. With a soft grunt, Yuka farted. She wrapped her arms around her legs and emptied her bowels into the hole. Eating nothing but porridge had given her a soft stomach. She’d farted again, only this time it was wet. After a few seconds of wiggling her backside, she’d feel her hole yawn and a slither of soft mess wormed its way between her cheeks. It passed easily, like slop. It fell into the sewers beneath with an echoing splat.

Once she was relieved, Yuka hopped up, her shorts still around her knees, and reached for the papers she used to wipe. Most of what she used for paper were pages from the books she was given in ‘care packages’ which were often sent courtesy of an old friend. She took a few papers and bent back down. “You guys bring me this drivel, but won’t bust me out.” She scrunched up the paper angrily in her palm and used it to wipe her arse.

Taking a dump was the last notable thing of the day in Yuka’s routine. With the exception of one call at noon to give her another thimble of bland tea, all she could do until lights out was lie down on her bed and stare up at the cold concrete ceiling. For most people, that would be enough to drive them insane. Not for Yuka, she held onto the hope that her friends were planning something to get her out of here. She was the best thief they had, no job went without loot when she was the one running it.

Those thoughts were what kept her sane. Once or twice, if the feeling took her, she’d even entertain herself with her fingers. But touching herself couldn’t compete with the touch of a tavern girl. Their soft, almost silk-like touch gently fingering the soft spot between her legs as she’d grope their bare breasts was a feeling she missed greatly. Often, as she played with herself, she’d sigh, yearning for the touch of another woman, and it was those thoughts that entertained her and pushed her toward pleasure.

The day passed, and evening came quickly. Not that Yuka could tell. There was no window in her cell and the only way she knew of the passage of time was by the Prison belltower. She lay in her bed, one foot hanging over the other and both hands behind her head. She sighed. “Someday…” Her longing to escape was interrupted when her stomach growled. She hadn’t eaten since breakfast, and that dire excuse for porridge hardly sustained her through the whole day. Dinnertime had to be soon, or so Yuka thought. An hour passed, signaled by the ringing of the bell, and still no food. Yuka grumbled, jumped up from her bed and angrily approached her cell door.

“HEY!” She yelled through the bars of her cell door. The words echoed but nobody seemed to care. “HEY!” She called again, this time rattling the iron bars.

Her calls were answered; The sound of heavy footsteps pounded against the old stone of the prisons cellar. A looming shadow that only grew as it approached her swept along the concrete walls. A large bull of a man appeared, wrapped up from head to toe in steel and leather armour. He stood at nearly twice the size of the prison doors and glared down at Yuka with dead soulless eyes. “What?” He said calmly, but there was no kindness in his voice.

“I’m hungry.” Yuka scowled. “Dinner was meant to be an hour ago.”

“You eat when we say you eat, Prisoner.” The man tapped the handle of his greataxe against the stone floor. His cold lifeless stare did not ease up and he leant forward to match Yuka’s height.

She wasn’t easily intimidated by the Brutes display. A thousand cunts twice her size had tried that before him, and few could scare her. She too leant forward, mimicking every action he did; she slapped her hands against her hips, leant in until she could smell the cheap booze and aging meat on his breath and scowled, baring her teeth. “Dinner was meant to be an hour ago.” She repeated herself quietly this time, displaying a seething anger in her voice.

BANG! It happened quickly. The Guard, for a large boorish brute, was certainly quick with that axe. He slammed it against the cell door, rattling the metal and sending a howling echo through the cellar. Shocked by the sudden rattling of the bars, Yuka fell backwards, unable to comprehend what had just happened for a second. She nearly fell arse-first onto the floor of the cell, but managed to save her backside the hard landing.

“You eat when we say you eat, Prisoner.” He growled again, wrapping his meaty hands around the handle of the axe and cackling.

All Yuka could reply with was a long cold stare that tried to hide her anger. Her heart was pounding from the fear that strike brought her, but she buried it in the pit of her stomach. I’d kick you in the fucking balls if I could. She thought, holding her tongue. “Fine…” She gave in, scrambled to stand up straight and brushed off the dust that had landed on the bottom of her robe. There was a twinge in her bladder as she bent over to reach her robe, and again the need to take piss had made itself known. “I’m going for a piss.” Yuka waved her hand feebly in the air, brushing off what the guard said like it did not bother her, and strolled over to the corner of her cell.

There was no privy in her cell, or even a small hole to squat over. Her cell was directly above the sewers and in the corner of her room was an old drain that connected to them. Apparently it was an old drain for throwing old food waste down into the sea, and that was what Yuka had for relieving herself, a squalid old drain. It didn’t bother her too much. She’d pissed in far worse places in her time. The only thing that bothered her was the smell that crept up, and she even grew used to that eventually.

She approached the drain, one hand already fiddling with the button on her shorts. The feeling of fullness that pushed against her bladder was mild, but it made itself known. It had been a while since she’d last taken a piss. This morning actually. She unbuttoned her shorts, hooked her fingers around her knickers and pulled them down. She turned around, angled herself over the iron grate that led to the sewers and squatted down over it. She couldn’t go so easily. Out of the corner of her, Yuka could see the guard was watching her squat. She could see those wide, bloodshot eyes leering at her, hoping to get a peek of something.

She raised her middle finger to the leering guard and hissed. “Hey, I’m trying to take a leak!”

The guard growled. He tapped his axe against the stone and leant toward the cell door.

“Turn the fuck around!” Yuka yelled.

The guard growled again, and this time he shook his head in disgust. His hand disappeared behind the wall and he pulled the mouldy old curtain over her cell door, bathing her cell in near darkness.

She had some privacy, at least. Yuka shuffled over the grate to get comfortable. She found it hard to piss if she wasn’t comfortable. She spread her legs slightly and sighed. Wrapping her arms around her knees, she huffed and let her bladder handle the rest. But before she could, something caught her attention down deep in the sewers. Yuka held back her water and peered down between her legs. She noticed a very faint light from deep below illuminating a small patch of mouldy stone. A lantern. “What the…” Somebody was walking through the sewers, and they were getting closer. The thought of somebody wandering beneath her cell gave Yuka a menacing thought. One that made her grin. For no other reason that to amuse herself, she watched the light grow closer. When it was right beneath her, she intended to open the floodgates and piss right on the head of whoever was beneath her.

The light came right beneath the grate and stopped. It was still too dark for Yuka to tell who it was, but it was probably just a guard; some poor bastard who’d been sent on rat extermination. She didn’t care, her piss didn’t discriminate. With a big grin, Yuka shuffled again, angling herself properly and lowered her butt closer to the grate until her butthole was almost puckered up with the dirt steel. With a mischievous grin, she relaxed and let her river flow.

“I think this is it.” Somebody beneath her spoke. It was a boy, and the voice sounded familiar.

“Are you sure?” A female replied to him.

“The map says it’s her cell. Right beneath the sewers, right?”

“Alright, get the rope.”

They were talking about her, they had to be. Nobody else was locked up in the cellar. The rest had already been carted off to the gallows or released. “Who are they…” Yuka held herself, halting her water right at the tip of her maidenly spout. It stung, and she grimaced, but it subsided quickly.

“Yunoko, you up there?” The boy called up.

Before she could reply, Yuka peered around the corner of the drain, and upon seeing the shadow of the guard was gone, she called back down. “Who the fuck’s down there?”

The boy didn’t answer. “Move aside Mouri.” The girl spoke in his place. “Yunoko, I’m gonna shoot a rope up to you. Get ready to catch it.”

“Hey hol-” She couldn’t even get her words out before she heard a whistle fast approaching her. It was a dart, and behind it a length of rope was unfurling. It shot up through the drain, barely missing her left arsecheek. “Fucking hell…” Yuka cursed, feeling the wind of the dart. “You almost gave me a second arsehole.” With nibble things, she grabbed the dart before it could fall back between the iron bars. “Alright, I’ve got it.”

“Now tie it to the pipe running across the wall.” The girl ordered her.

“Can I at least, you know, pull my knickers back up?”

“Now, Yunoko.” The girl sounded low on patience.

“Fine…” Yuka sighed. She followed the girls orders and tied the rope around one of the metal pipes running along the wall of her cell. Her shorts fell down further and landed atop her boots, revealing her bare arse to a cold drought that felt refreshing in more places than one. As she tied the rope, Yuka thought to herself for a moment; she was sure she’d heard the name Mouri. It couldn’t be. She hadn’t seen him in months. He was one of her few friends in the Thieves Guild and a boy with far too little stones to be doing something as daring as a prison breakout.

She tied the rope around the pipe and finished tying the knot. “Alright, done.”

“Mouri, hand me those gems.”

“A-Amida…” The boy shook his words. Yuka could hear his nerves quivering just from the sound of his voice. “D-Do you mind if I do it?”

The girl sighed. “You’re kidding.” Things went silent for a moment. “Think you’re up for it? Remember make it quick and use these gems around the corners of the drain. Remember: The corners. Say it with me.”

“The corners.” The boy repeated those words.

“Amida? Mouri?” Yuka recognized Amida too, and now it was absolutely clear. She hadn’t been forgotten about and left to rot in prison. The Thieves Guild had actually grown some stones and come to break her out. “I didn’t think you two had the balls to come do this.” Yuka grinned. She felt all warm, her heart was fluttering and she felt a joy she hadn’t felt since she was last on the outside.

After a minute, Mouri arrived at the top of the rope. He appeared beneath the grate with a less than satisfied look on his face. He’d grown in these three months, or so it looked that way. His dark hair had grown and a thin layer of fluff was growing on his lower lip. He looked like a man now.

“Hey Mouri.” Yuka giggled. “Getting a good view of my arse from there?” She wiggled her backside. “Wanna give it a kiss?”

The young thief’s cheeks burned a bright crimson at the sight of Yuka’s bare thighs, as well as her more personal of assets being wiggled in his face. He averted his gaze and looked straight ahead at the gross walls of the sewer. “Now is not the time for messing around, Yuka.” His words stumbled. “Come on, pull your shorts up and let’s go.”

“This is the first time I’ve had a lads face this close to my arse.” She reveled in his embarrassment. Already, it was like old times, and that made her joyous inside. She hopped to her feet, pulled her shorts back up and buttoned them up. That piss would have to wait, at least she would have the pleasure of an actual toilet… or an alley. “You’re lucky, I was gonna piss on your head.”

Mouri ignored Yuka and did exactly was Amida had ordered him to do. With four small orange gems in the palm of his hand, he pressed one against each corner of the drain. A small orange flame erupted from his hand and burned away at the metal, melting it almost instantly. On the final corner, he rested a gloved hand against the grate, relying on his legs to keep him on the rope, and caught it one the gem had melted away the last piece of metal. He shimmied up the rope and gently placed the grate on the floor of the cell.

The sight of the barren cell twisted his face with disgust. “This is what you’ve had to live in for three months?” He asked.

“And that’s what I’ve had to shit in.” Yuka pointed to the open drain. “Let’s get going before that numb fuck out there realizes what’s going on.” Yuka climbed onto the rope and descending with Mouri into the depths of the sewers.

“Hey Mouri?” She whispered.

“What?”

“Thanks for not forgetting me.” Yuka smiled warmly.

*003*2019-08-16 23:55

So this part actually ended up being way longer than I expected. I just kept writing and it never seemed to stop, so I'm splitting it up into two parts.

Part 2a

Drip! Drip! Drip! The leaky pipes continued to echo. As Yuka descended down the ladder, she felt her stomach turn as the rotting stench of the sewers drew closer. It was vile, the waste of over two hundred prisons came through these stinking tunnels. Couple that with the poor slop they ate all day and you had a stink strong enough to knock out even the grimiest peasant. She covered her nose with the top of her coat, thought nothing of it and descended deeper with Mouri.

At the bottom of the rope, Amida was waiting for them. The thief stood beside the rope, picking between her nails with a pocket knife. Upon seeing her comrades descend from the rope, she looked up from the blade and raised her brows in an uninterested greeting to Yuka. “You look like shit.” She commented.

“Nice to see you too, Amida.” She replied and ignored the flutters of her beating heart. Amida, despite the dirty profession she undertook as a thief, had the looks of royalty. At least in Yuka’s eyes. Her almond eyes glistened, even in the dark and despite that miserable look she often wore, she was beautiful, with full ruby lips and a soft nose that often twitched.

She considered herself a professional, and her attire reflected that. She donned the typical gear of a Rogue; black leather armour and a pair of tight fitting trousers that drew much attention to her shapely backside. Her hair was as dark as the night and short, but well kept. It kept in fashion with her desire to keep a professional air about her.

It was a face she hadn’t seen in a while, and Yuka couldn’t help herself. She strolled toward Amida and rested an arm on her shoulder. “You know, I’ve missed you, Amida.” With a mocking kissing sound she inched herself closer to Amida with the intention of planting a big wet hello kiss on her cheek. She grinned devilishly as the thief grimaced in disgust. “Come on, how about a hello kiss?”

Amida sighed, flicked the blade back into its handle and pocketed it. She tensed her fingers and pressed her palm flat against Yuka’s face. She pushed her away from her face. “Ow!” Yuka hissed and pinched her nose. Amida pushed her with some force, but there wasn’t any blood. “And to think the thought of a hello kiss from my favourite lady was what kept me going through this tough time.”

The thief sighed again. She shook her hand and tensed it again. “Fool me once.” She pushed Yuka away from her and took a few steps through the filth. “We’re heading through the sewers. We’ve got a boat waiting around the side of the prison that we’re taking into the city.” She looked over her shoulder, brows furrowed. “I assume there won’t be any problems?”

Yuka brushed the air and grinned. “Of course not. You could smuggle me out in a Hippo’s arse and I wouldn’t care as long as I get out of here.”

“Good, let’s get… what now?” Amida paused when she again felt a hand on her shoulder.

It was Yuka, smirking. She leant against Amida and put her other hand on her shoulder. “Just a little peck on the cheek? I’ve missed you.”

Amida sighed. “I’ve missed you too.” She pushed her palm into Yuka’s face and brushed the thief off her for a second time. “Now let’s get going, we don’t have time to waste.” She walked off down the tunnel.

Mouri, chuckling at Yuka’s antics walked past her and started to follow Amida. Yuka smacked her lips, noticed her mouth was dry and wished she had something to sate her thirst. As Mouri passed her, she noticed the skin on his belt. “Ooh, hey Mouri, is that skin full?” She put a hand around his shoulder and pointed to the skin.

“Yes?” He furrowed his brow in a puzzled glare, reached down and pulled the skin off his belt. “Do you…”

She didn’t bother to hear him out. She was so thirsty the moment she heard there was some water in that skin, that was all she cared about. “Oh, thank fuck! All you get is one drink in that place a day! My mouth’s drier than a Nun’s cunt!” She snatched the skin from him, unscrewed the lid and sat with her face under the open skin. She poured as much water as she could possibly drink into her mouth, spilling most of it all over herself. The water was cool, crisp, better than the unfiltered swill she was given in prison. She emptied half the skin into her mouth, pulled it away from her face and took a moment to gasp for breath. “Oh… fuck me, that’s so good…” She moaned.

“Alright, are you d-”

Her thirst still wasn’t sated. Yuka took a longer drink, draining the skin and emptying it, squeezing every last drop from it until only air remained. “Ha… ha… ha…” Yuka panted. Her face was dripping with water. “That’s… so much… better.” She wiped her mouth and handed the skin back to him. “You’re a lifesaver.” She grinned. “Okay, let’s go.”

Amida and Mouri took charge, navigating their way through the sewer passage they had come through. Yuka followed behind them, though she was hardly interested in doing this with haste. She walked along, throwing her legs up and kicking stray pebbles along the floor, listening to the tremendous echo they made as they went tumbling along the tunnel. After a few minutes of walking through the same droll corridors, Yuka got bored, farted, and giggled at the echo roaring down the tunnel.

At first, Yuka didn’t feel anything. The rush of a prison break was still fresh; it was all she could think about. But as time passed, she started to feel water welling up in her bladder. The fun of escaping prison slowly faded and in its place thoughts of taking a good long piss up against the stone wall set in. It was only when those thoughts made her feel twitchy, did Yuka realize just how desperately she had to take a leak. On an empty stomach, all that water had made its way down south fast; she’d gone from errantly twitchy to desperately dancing. She couldn’t wait any longer. She had to stop, if only to recover from the waves that washed over.

“Hang on, hold up.” She called out to Amida and Mouri. “Can we stop? I’ve got to take a piss.” Yuka stopped in her tracks and bent down, giving herself a moment for the pain in her abdomen to subside.

Mouri stopped first, and then Amida. They looked back at Yuka, who was almost squatting down on the ground as if she was in pain, gritting her teeth and cursing. Mouri stood surprised and Amida, with her arms sternly crossed, glared. “You can hold it.” She said coldly.

“If I could hold it, I wouldn’t ask us to stop, would I?” Yuka hopped back up to her feet. She had no choice, she had to do it here and now. She unbuttoned her shorts and rushed up against the wall, pushing aside the opened flaps of her shorts. “Just… give me a minute… or two.”

“We haven’t got time.” Amida slowly approached her. “You’ll just have to hold it until we get back to the city.”

Being told she couldn’t take a leak made Yuka groan. She turned around and kicked the nearest pebble to her. “I’ll be a sec, Amida.” She hobbled up and down on the spot, rubbing her legs together. “I just gotta wet the wall and then we can go.” Again, a violent urge kicked out against her. She bent down and crossed her legs, giving herself a moment respite from desperation.

“We don’t have time.” Amida stated, piercing Yuka with a dark glare. She lifted her back onto her feet.

“Why don’t we have time?” She huffed. “Nobody knows we’re here!”

The ground beneath them began to shake, as did the walls, and the ceiling. The dust trapped between the old stone rustled and rained down onto the ground. From above, the sounds of the prisons bell tower shook the very air. Amida shook her head and pointed up. “Because that’s why.” She took Yuka by the hand and pushed her forward toward Mouri. “Let’s go, Yuka.”

“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.” She shook herself off and with a heartbroken sigh, was forced to button back up. With all of her might, she had no choice but to endure it for a bit longer. She clenched herself, hissing as she felt the tip of spout burning from her need. She stared miserably at the wall of the sewer, cursing that she would not get the relief she was so desperately in need of. What she would give right now just to watch a long stream of steaming piss run down the wall like rain and pool at her feet. This was the second time she wasn’t able to take a piss, but Yuka wasn’t stupid enough to be wasting time when the entire prison had just been alerted to a breakout. “Fine...Fine… Let’s go!” She waved her hand forward and stormed off, leading the charge on her own.

They reached the end of the tunnel. Just beyond the sewers, the evening sky greeted them. Streaks of heavenly pink adorned the world above them, like strokes from an artists brush. Yuka hadn’t seen such an evening so beautiful in such a long time. Underground, All she saw were lights, torches, lanterns. Their lighting and extinguishing marked the passage of time. For Yuka, for three whole months, those torches were her sky. “It’s such a beautiful night.” She said quietly, captivated by the evening sky.

But even that beauty didn’t distract her from her problem. “Right, now that we’re out of there, can I please go for a piss?” The sparkling ocean greeted her too, but she didn’t see much beauty out there. What she saw made her lips quiver with glee. She rubbed her legs together and grinned with a quivering smile. She looked out over the ocean, unending, reaching out toward the setting sun. Right now, it was just what Yuka needed. She was going to take a piss in the ocean, and she’d enjoy every second of it.

“We don’t have time for this.” Amida repeated herself far more sternly. “Has being in prison turned your mind to mush?”

Yuka ignored her comrade. Right now, Amida’s words were worth nothing more than a fart in her mind. Nothing was going to come between her and the long awaited piss she’d been holding in. She stepped forward, hands fondling the button of her shorts, and approached the oceans edge. The water brushed against her boots. “Yuka!” Amida kept calling out, but she ignored her. She grinned. This was going to feel good, just savouring these final moments made her feel jittery. She got her shorts unbuttoned, let them fall around her knees and savoured the warm salty air against her bare thighs. She pushed pulled aside the crotch of her knickers. Just another second and she could empty everything she was holding into the crystal sea. She spread her legs, lifted her head high and took a deep breath. This piss would be one for the history books.

“Mouri, grab her legs!” Amida ordered the young thief.

“Hey, what!” Yuka felt her legs tighten. “What’s…”

It was Mouri and Amida. Both thieves hoisted her up off the ground and carried her along the rocks toward a small wooden boat waiting for them.

“Come on guys… I’m about to fucking b-burst here!” Yuka protested and flailed her arms around like a child throwing a tantrum. She fought, kicking Mouri in the back and trying to slap Amida, but it was no use.

“What did I say in the sewers?” Amida hissed, this time the calm tone in her voice said that she had grown low on patience. “We’re in a hurry. We haven’t got time for you to be pissing. If it’s that bad just piss in your shorts.”

“The fucking sea is right there! Come on! Please!” Her cries went unanswered. They weren’t even listening anymore.

The thieves pushed her onto the boat and put her down atop a crate. Finally free of their hold, Yuka, as if it was a reflex, wrapped her legs over each other. She seethed with pain as she felt like she was about to piss herself. Everything was pushing against her maidenhood and she could feel the tip of her spout burning. She squeezed her legs together as tightly as she could and sat perfectly still. On the gentle waves, she felt her water rock in rhythm in the boat, and it was not a joyous feeling; it made her grimace and filled her head with the worries she was about to make an ocean of her own in her shorts.

“Alright.” Amida gestured to the wooden crate beside the one Yuka was sitting on. “Climb in the box. We still have a post to pass.”

“Climb in the box?” Yuka tilted her head. “You’re smuggling me in a box?” She leant over and pulled the top off the big crate. Immediately her nose caught a whiff of something rotten, like fish, left to mature in the boiling sun. “I’m not getting in this fucking thing!” She protested and slammed the top of the box down on the boat. “It stinks like a fish wife’s mouldy cunt!” A wave of desperation washed over the poor thief and as she spoke. She hissed, bent down, and shoved a finger down her shorts, pressing it up against her slit.

“I’m sure it won’t kill you.” Amida approached her, fists clenched. She shot a menacing glare at Yuka and gestured down to the box. “Unlike the guards. Now hurry up before the patrols realize we’re down here.”

“I’m not getting in this stinking thing!”

Amida rubbed her temple. She sighed and put a hand on Yuka’s shoulder. “If you’re going to get into it willingly, I’ll shove you in it.” She raised her fist close to Yuka’s chin and scowled.

“F-Fine!” She obliged. Deep down, Yuka knew Amida was right; being stuffed in a stinking box was better than meeting her fate at the hands of a guard halberd. Smugglers and their quarry were given no mercy in Orientia. But she wasn’t going to do it without complaint. “This better be quick… and the second we get off this boat I’m going for a piss. I don’t care if it’s in the street, I’m gonna fucking do it!” She pouted and stuffed herself down into the box. There wasn’t much room even for her. She squatted down and fell down onto her arse. There was hardly any room to fart, let alone move. Her legs were pushed up against her chest, pushing her knees against her bladder and exasperating her need even more. Her arms, with nowhere to rest them comfortably were wrapped around her shins. It was times like this Yuka was grateful she didn’t have any balls, or a dick.

Suddenly, darkness covered her, just like it had in the cell. Yuka looked up, seeing shreds of fabric covering the slits of the box. “How is it in there?” Mouri asked. “Not too cramped is it?”

“It stinks in here.” Yuka said boldly. “My arse could even freshen this box up.”

“We worked with what we could.” Mouri replied. “Will you stop moving around so much?”

“It’s not my fault.” She whimpered. Her knees pressing against her bladder sent a wave of desperation through her, causing Yuka to shake violently. She quivered, and banged her shoulders against the side of the crate. “I have to fucking piss.” She took one of her hands and pressed it desperately between the small slither of space between her chest and thighs. Thankfully, Mouri hadn’t bothered to button up her shorts when he lifted her up. It was still difficult with no room, but she managed to slip her hand down her knickers. She grasped her cunt tightly, fondling her soft lips and hissed through gritted teeth. “You couldn’t have let me just have a fucking piss before we did this?”

“We’ve just broken you out of a prison.” Mouri parroted Amida.

“Then something to piss in?” She continued to complain. “I’m dying here! What about that skin you had? Full of water, it’s empty now. It’s perfect!”

“N-No!” The disgust in Mouri’s voice was apparent. “You’re not using my s-skin either!”

“Yuka! Mouri! Quiet, the Checkpoint’s up ahead.” Amida ordered them to hush.

“I can’t help it.” Yuka protested. She pressed her legs together tightly, almost crushing the hand she had clamped against her spout. “Seriously, I’m about a second away from having an accident!”

“Then do it quietly.” Amida replied, clearly she had no interest in what would happen to her.

Mouri peered in through one of the holes. “Just another minute or two. We’ve just gotta hand some stuff to the guards and then we’ll be in the dock.”

“I’m not even gonna wait. The moment I’m out of this box I’m gonna piss off the side of the boat.” Such a thought made Yuka quiver. She could almost hear the splattering of water meeting water.

“Take your mind off it.” Mouri suggested.

“Take my mind off it…” Yuka scoffed at such an absurd idea. Being cramped in a box with her legs squeezed together and rushing water teasing her coupled with a rocking boat gently swaying the water in her bladder from side-to-side; there was no easy way she could ignore it. Every time she'd try, something would push it right back to the front of her mind like it was all she could think about.

She put her fingers deep between her legs and pushed them against her spout as tightly as she could, fondling her soft pink spot and pressed the tips of her fingers right up against herself. She straddled herself with both hands, fingering her spout, grasping as tightly as she could, almost digging her nails into herself to keep even a dribble from escaping.

She kept thinking about when they’d arrive in the city. What she’d do as the boat pulled into the harbour. She’s jump out, and without a care for her surroundings, rush to the nearest wall, or anywhere she could. She’s mark the wall, the floor, even the sea, like a dog on its territory. Maybe she’d even spell out her name against the stone just like she used to, and with the amount she was holding she could probably spell out her full name. The thought put a bright quivering smile on her face; Yuka could picture it, writing out her own name with her stream, the hot splatters against her boots and bare thighs as she took a good, long piss against the wall. The cool ocean breeze would waft against her bare arse. She hadn’t felt that in a long time. “Oooh…” She quivered with a joyous whimper.

Just fantasizing about it made another wave rush over her, this time it was more intense than the last. It was more intense than anything Yuka had ever felt. She’d had long nights of drinking that hadn’t even ended with such a scorching feeling between her legs. The pressure in her bladder was at its limit and it felt like somebody was pushing something heavy against her. She bit her lip and squeezed her thighs again. Her strength from holding it for so long was starting to wane. Her anus was quivering from fatigue and her whole body was starting to feel limp. She was shaking, and she felt a cold flush in her face.

“Just got to think nothing of it.” Yuka told herself. “Think nothing of it. Think nothing of it.” She buried her head in her knees and started counting seconds. For now, it was all she could do to keep herself dry. She prayed that this would not take more than five minutes.

The boat came to a stop, but Yuka couldn’t see where. She tried to look through a slit in the crate but she couldn’t see anybody. All she could see was the ocean, an unending sea that taunted her with its presence.

“Evening. You’re the Captain of this vessel?” A man’s voice addressed somebody.

“I am.” Amida replied. She put on a polite, professional voice. “Here’s my license.”

“And the lad’s your apprentice?” He asked.

Yuka pressed her ear against the crate and tried to listen to their conversation. It was usual fare for thieves trying to pass themselves off as legitimate workers; boring conversations about the weather, how good were the catches, and through it all Amida spoke with a cool composure. Again, Yuka twitched. Her bladder was getting too much for her to contain. The pain was overwhelming, it was like hellfire burning between her legs, hot, wet, hellfire. She tried to shake it off and roaring with desperation, she lurched forward and struck the crate.

Silence. “What on earth was that?” The guard asked.

“Haha… you don’t need to worry about that, Gentlemen.” Mori answered with a nervous chuckle. “Sea was bountiful, some of those catches are still fresh. You know what Lungfish are like?”

The next few seconds were marked with an awkward silence. Yuka didn’t like it; not one bit. If they came over and examined the box, she’d be found out straight away, and then what could she do. If they didn’t stick a halberd through the box, then she’d have no choice but to fight. She tensed up and stayed completely still, hoping she wouldn’t be found out.

Both the guards and Mouri laughed, and Yuka breathed a sigh of relief. The guards resumed their inspection; she could hear them walking around the boat, strolling along the deck and making sure everything was in order. Yuka just had to keep herself completely still for a little while longer. Just hold it in! Just hold it in! Just hold it in!

But finally, at long last, it happened. Yuka froze in horror as she felt it happen. A small warm spurt shot against her finger. It dribbled down and soaked into her knickers. She’d leaked, and the sense of panic she was feeling grew as a second leak spurted between her legs. It was bigger, soaking her finger and wetting the palm of her hand. Fuck! Fuck it! I’m about to piss myself! I’m going to have to do it here! She looked down at the splintered wood at the bottom of the crate. It was over, it was either here or in her shorts. She had no choice, she couldn’t hold it any longer.

She kept one hand pressed right against her maidenhood, stopping any more dribbles from escaping, but she still couldn’t stop them. With her free hand, she navigated between her chest and knees until she found the button on her shorts and did what she could to undo it.

It was a heavy fight for Yuka with the odds against her, wrestling against her own clothes in a space she could barely breathe, let alone move freely. The struggle with her button had her shaking around with impatient frustration. It just wouldn’t budge. Maybe if she had two hands she wouldn’t struggle as much, but she couldn’t free her other hand. If she moved it away from her maidenhood she knew that there’d be nothing to stop the flood from breaking the dam. She banged her shoulders against the side of the crate and a desperate twitch caused her to jolt up and bang her knees against the roof. She couldn’t keep still, just idly shifting around kept the feeling of her bursting bladder at bay.

With each passing second, each finger failing to undo the button, Yuka grew more restless. The muscles between her legs had given up and the only thing stopping an accident was her hand. She felt hot, a bead of sweat dripped from her forehead and her whole body felt restless but fatigued. She was determined to both yank her shorts down and to avoid pissing in them. Her bladder, now overflowing caused her lower lips to wince and this time it was not a dribble that warmed her hand. It was a stream of piss that lasted at least a second. It doused her hand, warm, wet and soaking into her knickers. Just hold it! You’re a big girl! You’re not pissing yourself in a fucking box! She kept yelling in her head. If she could speak, she would’ve cursed to the heavens, letting whatever gods existed up in the clouds know about just how desperately she had to piss.

Finally, sweet success! The button came undone, and her shorts quickly loosened, offering her bladder some space. It came at the cost of her shorts; the crotch was almost torn apart and the button hung from a single thread from where she’d feverishly clawed to get it undone. Haha… finally… oh god, I’m actually going to fucking burst! She scrambled to pull them down, bashing her arms against the wood to make herself some room. She pushed herself off the ground with her free hand and pushed herself as high as her cramped quarters would allow her. It wasn’t much, she barely lifting her arse off the ground. Her hand trembled, shaking the brittle wooden frame. She bit her lip and pressed her tongue against her teeth, letting out a seething hiss. After this whole ordeal, she could finally relax and let it all flow. With a deep breath, Yuka took her finger away from between her legs and let her bladder do the rest.

Her whole body unclenched, her anus winced, and her maidenhood twitched as she felt a drop of warm piss rush between her lips. Right there, with her arse barely hovering the floor of the box, her shorts barely past her slit, Yuka happily burst. Her bladder released itself and a torrent of piss erupted from between her legs. She sighed as the warm rush of piss poured from between her lips, striking the bottom of the box. The whole box filled with a hiss that resonated gleefully in her ears. Splatters of warm, wet piss enveloped her wrists and the exposed crack of her arse. Streaks dribbled down her slit, slithering along her maidenly lips and pooling at the edge of her anus before dripping down onto the floor and pooling with the water she was emptying beneath her.

Ooooooh~ Yuka couldn’t moan, she could only press down on her tongue and think of the sounds, imagining herself making noises of sheer bliss. She was taken by the ecstasy of this feeling of her bladder emptying itself between her boots. Her whole body went limp from the bliss and Yuka let herself fall forward, planting her face against the side of the crate. Her arse was dripping wet, her hands were getting soaked from the splattering of her stream, but Yuka couldn’t care less. The relief was overwhelming orgasmic. She bit on her coat to quell the moans. Ahhhhh~ Fucking hell this feels so good! She closed her eyes and listened to the gentle pattering of piss as it dribbled through the cracks of the box and then the boat, dribbling into the ocean like rain. All that, she’d held all of that.

“What’s that noise?” One of the guards asked suddenly.

“What noise?” Amida answered almost immediately, leaving no empty air. “I don’t hear anything?”

“That dribbling.” The other guard replied. “I can hear it too.”

Fuck! Yuka cursed. She bit down harder on her vest, almost chewing through it if it meant keeping quiet. The bliss of sweet relief shot up through her whole body. Her tongue trembled and she wanted to moan as if she’d had an orgasm. I can’t stop myself! It was too late to stop herself; the floodgates were open and now everybody knew. She was still pissing, and she still had plenty left to relieve herself of. She tried to tighten herself up again, clasp her maidenhood shut and stop her stream, but her body resisted. It was desperate to relieve every last drop from her well. She was still going strong, soiling the bottom of the box, and most of her lower body with a thick stream of piss that showed no signs of stopping.

“Mouri, why don’t you go check on the box? Make sure the fish are okay?” Amida ordered him. The seething anger in her voice was evident. Not that Yuka cared right now.

“Understood, C-Captain.” Footsteps clicked against the wood, approaching her hiding space. “Yuka? What are you doing? What’s that sound?” He asked her in a hushed whisper.

“What the fuck do you think it is?” Her reply was interrupted by a heavy moan and panting that punctuated every word she said. Moving her lips was all she needed for her mouth to release the heavenly moan she had tried to stifle. “Oh fucking hell… this feels so good…” She said, letting her head rest against the side of the box.

“Right now?” Mori hissed. “You couldn’t have waited?”

“N-No…” She whispered. She was pissing as she spoke, every word dotted with a loud watery splattering against the wood beneath her. The lake she had made was now pooling around her boots and slowly leaking through the slits in the box. It continued to expand. The palms of her hands were soaked in piss, but she couldn’t care. “It was either this or piss myself.”

“You really couldn’t have waited?” Mouri asked again, bewildered by what he was listening to.

“They’d have heard it if I pissed myself too, so what difference does this make?” Her stream died down to a meagre trickle. Yuka shuddered as she finally reached the end of a lengthy piss. “Ooooh~” Yuka moaned and closed her eyes once more. With a deep sigh, she listened to the final few seconds. It was finally over, the last few drops dribbled from between her legs and emptied onto the wood and at long last, Yuka once again knew the joy of an empty bladder. “Ha… Ha… Ha…” She panted, exhausted by the ordeal.

“Is everything alright over here?” One of the guards asked Mouri, and by the sound of his voice Yuka could tell her was right beside her.

Fuck! She froze in horror. All it took was for him to smell it and they’d be in trouble. He’s going to tell. What fish stink like piss?

Mouri chuckled nervously. She knew his nerves had gotten the better of him, Yuka could hear it in his voice. “It’s nothing to worry about. Just a few of the fish draining off is all.”

The excuse sounded convincing enough, but it was about to get a lot worse. Out of the corner of her eye, Yuka noticed her puddle of piss creeping towards the sides of the box. It leaked out from the slats and that was when she started to truly fear the jig was up. It was still steaming, it was a light yellow, and most importantly it would stink of piss. All it would take was the guard seeing that single streak of her piss for him to know there was somebody hiding in the crate.

If that was going to happen, Yuka wasn’t going to wait for them to poke the crate with a spear. Slowly, she re-adjusted herself into a position where she could leap from the crate. She’d take them by surprise and quickly put them down before they could do anything. She bent up, raised her hands on the roof of the crate and took a deep breath. She hadn’t fought in a long time, she worried she’d be rusty, but deep down she knew she could still take on anybody. Now all she needed was the right moment to strike.

