Emma and Eliza's Day Alone

Author: leakmaker

*000*2012-04-30 05:29

I wrote this on Experienceproject.com and I thought this would be a great place to share it as well. Sorry the formatting is weird, for some reason indents at the start of paragraphs don't show up.

One day in the summer, two beautiful girls were in on of their backyards. they were planning on having a little fun today. since they had nothing better to do they had decided to experiment with pooping and peeing their panties on purpose.

Their names were Eliza and Emma. Eliza was the shorter of the two with a C cup breast and long blond hair that was braided into two babyish pigtails. She was wearing a knee length baby blue skirt, long socks, little shoes that looked like a babies, and a light pink frilly top finished off her outfit perfectly her panties were pink with red flowers on them.

Emma, who was about six inches taller than Eliza. She had a DD cup breast and curly brown hair about shoulder length. She was wearing a similar plaid skirt, socks and top. her hair was in a ponytail and her panties were sheer light yellow over a Disney princesses pull-up.

The girls had been holding in their poop for 4 days and they were bursting. they had gone out for dinner the night before and had curry. they had also been holding in their pee since last night. Emma kept saying that she did not need to use the restroom which was surprising because she had a weak bladder. because of Emma's "not having to go" Eliza went first.

Emma said" Eliza, i want to be able to see when you do this. it will be cool because if you do not i wont let you watch when i go." Eliza pulled up the front of her skirt with a rueful grin, her her pink flowered panties showing beautifully.

She was still a little apprehensive about doing this so she psyched herself up by saying "I'm gonna go, I'm going, I'm going"

At that moment, a dark spot appeared on her pink flowered panties showing the wet spot beautifully. As the pee started to dribble from her panties, Eliza Regulated the flow of pee to prolong the warm wet Ecstasy that she was feeling. "You really had to go" said Emma.

"I did" said Eliza in a babyish voice, reveling in the warmth of her pee. it felt so good that she couldn't help giving a couple of rubs in her vaginal direction.

After she had finished, she gave herself a shake to get the dribbles off of her panties. "It's running down my leg" she said "into my sock". Emma made her do a twirl around and show her the back of her panties which were really wet.

"Ha ha" Emma laughed, "I'm telling your mom!, Ha ha."

"you had better not!" Eliza growled,"If you lock me out so that my parents find me you had BETTER let me in!"

Emma laughed again "Eliza, don't sweat it, I would never do that to you."

"Good because I have to go poop" Eliza stated matter o-factly. "Don't let me stop you" said Emma

As Eliza turned around, Emma noticed something, "Oh Eliza, you have a wedgie..."

Even as Emma said that, Eliza let loose a soft warm log that pushed into her flowered panties, softly crackling, bulging them and distorting them until the wedgie that she had spoken of was entirely reversed and instead a 5 inch tent stood in its place. Eliza let out a small moan of pleasure, as Emma gasped in wonder. The poo that was holding the tent in place was soft and compressed withe the elasticity of her panties. this log was followed by some soft smooth snakes that were waiting to come out. some of it came out the waist and leg bands of her panties.

Emma was shocked and all she could hear was Eliza's gasps of pleasure, and her own heightened breaths. Eliza said "that felt so good"

Emma replied "now I have to go"

"Then go" said Eliza.

Emma pulled up her skirt remembering her promise. her sheer pink panties showing her pull-up. the little purple slippers that disappear when wet. Cinderella showing faintly as if she was a ghost.

Then all of a sudden a loud hissing noise was heard and the purple slippers started to disappear. the pull-up expanded visibly for about 10 seconds and then she was done and the hissing quieted, then stopped.

Emma was taking the warmth in like she needed it to live. she was shaking. the large pool that was at the bottom of her pull-up leaked out at the slightest movement from her.

Finally Eliza found her toung and said "You REALLY had to go." Emma said "yeah"

" Turn around", said Eliza "I can't because it will all spill out."

"not a very good diaper is it?"

"It is not a diaper it is a pull-up silly, big difference."

"Turn around anyway"

"oh ok" as Emma turned around, just as she had predicted, the diaper leaked spilling much of her pee down her legs and soaking into her socks so that the tops about 4 inches down turned yellow.

"woah!" said Eliza "that was cool!"

"can it be cool later?" asked Emma "I really have to poop!" Then go!

"Ahhhh" said Emma "oh yes."

The pull-up was on the move again. her bottom had one spot where there was a bulge originating from but it was quickly buried in mounds of poo. the poop surged along the gusset of the pull-up licking her labia and making her cum. the poo then finding nowhere else to go, splurged out of the waistband and leg gathers of the pull-up.

Wow said Eliza. yes said Emma. that was amazing. that made me aroused lets go clean up, or not.

The End

