Daphne’s Accident: A Scooby Doo Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-27 08:29

It’s 7:00 AM in Crystal Cove as 18 year old Daphne Blake was in her new house, sleeping in her bed naked. Her alarm clock was ringing she sat up and turned it off, she starts her daily routine. Daphne likes holding her pee in and wetting or messing in the bed. It was Thursday and she looked at her daily routines before getting dressed that she wrote herself said, today it was to masterbate in bed and don’t stop until she wets the bed.

So she slid her hand down the sheets and felt her hand touching her hairy pussy, she then started masterbating and she kept doing it and doing it. She felt it coming, she relaxed her muscles to let it come out so she did. She felt a drop of pee coming out which dampened the middle of the bedsheets, she felt another one coming and let her pussy just loose control of her bladder and wet the bed completely. She did felt the warmth of her pee staining the bedsheets and being warmed in her bed she loved wetting the bed.

She got dressed putting on her purple panties on, her pantyhose, her purple shirt and skirt, her green ascot and her white shoes. She is waiting for Fred, Shaggy, Velma and Scooby to come in the Mystery Machine. She falls asleep on her couch watching women desperation wetting videos, she heard Fred knocking on the door so took her iPhone and opened the door as Fred took her to the Mystery Machine and drove off to Fred’s house.

They got to Fred’s house and went inside and saw a letter on the armchair stamped with a big E on it. It was from the mysterious Mr E giving them their next mystery to solve as Daphne took a big glass of Coke out of Fred’s fridge. She drank it while Fred was reading the letter, the mystery was in a haunted Mansion. Daphne finished all her coke and everyone went to the Mystery Machine to drive to the Haunted Mansion.

Half way there Daphne felt her bladder worsening she had to pee, then Fred got there as they spilt up to look for clues Fred went with Daphne, Shaggy went with Scooby and Velma. Shaggy, Scooby and Velma went to the library and Fred and Daphne went through the corridor to the bedroom, Daphne is pleased because there is a toilet in the bedroom.

A big scary monster comes out of a book in the library and kidnaps Velma as Shaggy and Scooby are screaming for help, it that them two. Daphne and Fred hear this, Daphne heads for the library and Fred heads down a corridor and he gets kidnaped by the monster. It’s just Daphne left as she inspects the library still holding her pee in as was squeezing her legs together and hands place on her pussy/bladder. Daphne then looks to her left and see the scary monster, Daphne is terrified of it she gets very scared that she fear wets herself and her pee runs down her leg and wets her pantyhose. She gets kidnaped by the monster and her purple panties and skirt are both wet after she wet herself of fear. Today was Daphne’s desperate day.

To be continued!

*003*2018-01-28 00:42

Part 2

Daphne woke up naked atached to chains. She had her hands tied together as she couldn’t place her hands on her pussy if she needed to pee. That scary monster came past her and stared at her, she was scared again and she would fear wet herself, Daphne almost did.

The monster walked away and Daphne’s bladder still had her pee that she was going to do. Daphne had to empty her pee out, she waited to feel a squirt of pee coming out. So she waited and waited and finally she had a full bladder. As she let her squirt to come out, Daphne felt her first one come out and waited for the second one. Two seconds later Daphne let the other one slid out of her hairy pussy. Daphne now squeezed her legs tight and waited until see pissed herself.

She did and then all her hot golden pee coming from her pussy came bursting out and started peeing on the floor making it very wet. Fred, Shaggy, Scooby and Velma were also tied up but not naked and far away from Daphne. As Fred came up with a brilliant plan to get out, Velma pretended to have to go pee as the guard unlocked her chains to use the bathroom. Velma kicked the guard down and stole his keys and unlock Fred, Shaggy and Scooby Doo.

As they walked pass they saw Daphne’s clothes and picked it up and carried it with them, “Daphne must be chained up naked!” said Fred. As they kept walking to find if they could find where Daphne is, just then Velma let out a big smelly fart and she said “sorry”. They found Daphne and she was happy seeing them.

To be continued

*005*2018-01-28 19:37

Part 3

Fred got Daphne out and handed her clothes, Daphne asked the gang to turn around while she got dressed. She put on her damp panties on, then her damp skirt, her white shirt, her ascot and her shoes. They got away and Daphne stole a big glass of Coke from the guard. She drank it and drank it and her bladder started working, she had to pee really bad and right now.

They walked to find a bathroom for Daphne but the only bathroom was through the library. They saw the monster waiting for them in the library, Daphne couldn’t stand still because she had to pee and was scared. She did not want to fear wet herself in her damp clothes, they ran after the monster and Daphne and to run with her hand placed on her pussy tight to hold her pee.

Fred created a trap in the bedroom for the monster but Daphne did not use the bedroom’s bathroom to pee. The monster walked towards Fred’s trap as the monster got tangled in the wire of Fred’s trap, while Fred was untangling the wire but she kept taking her mind of pee or anything to do with a toilet, so she kept thinking who is the monster really.

But her kept making her remember this earlier ”She slid her hand down the sheets and felt her hand touching her hairy pussy, she then started masterbating and she kept doing it and doing it. She felt it coming, she relaxed her muscles to let it come out so she did. She felt a drop of pee coming out which dampened the middle of the bedsheets, she felt another one coming and let her pussy just loose control of her bladder and wet the bed completely. She did felt the warmth of her pee staining the bedsheets and being warmed in her bed she loved wetting the bed.”

She couldn’t take her mind of it, she did not want to wet herself. Fred finished untangling the wires of the trap and the monster lay in the middle with his hands tied up. Velma then unmasked the monster, Daphne kept dancing on the spot because of her bladder. Daphne felt a squirt of pe slipping out of her pussy and dampening her dampened panties. Velma unmasked the monster it was Daniel Prezette again, Daphne couldn’t hold it anymore she stood close to Daniel and started peeing on him as Daphne felt the warmth and all her hot golden pee coming from her pussy came bursting out and started peeing on the floor and on Daniel’s body.

