A Couple Fantasy

Author: PaddedWarriorP

*009*2023-07-28 15:56

A story from relatively early in their relationship.

A sudden spasm caused her to spill her water a bit as she instinctively bent around her aching bladder.

"Looks like you leaked a bit there, babe." He teased.

"Just water, jackass." She shot back, taking another sip. She was starting to get a little annoyed, this should not have been so hard. He was a chronic bedwetter who hadn't had a dry month in his life, she had only been going in her pants for a little over two years, it seemed pretty obvious who should win a holding contest. Despite all that he stood on the other towel about 2 feet from her looking cool as a cucumber, the only signs he was a desperate for a piss as she was being his slightly shaking leg, and the massive erection visible through his tight jeans. Maybe that was how he was doing it, he had told her how hard it was to pee while hard, damn cheating biology. She was glad she didn't have that problem, being aroused actually made it easier for her to piss herself, and pissing herself made her aroused, win win.

Shit, bad line of thought she scolded herself as the mental image caused another spasm and maybe(?) a small leak. She almost grabbed her crotch, but that was against the rules they had set and she would have to take a penalty gulp. His hand shot to the front of his own jeans before he could stop himself and he muttered a curse before grabbing his water. "Ha!" She exclaimed, pointing, "Oh shit." Her exaltation causing a small spurt to escape into her panties, just enough to leave a visible dark spot on the crotch of her skinny jeans.

A whine escaped her as she shook her hands and danced in place for a second, before taking the smallest sip of water she possibly could. She only had to hold out a bit more, and she was really looking forward to her prize. She licked her lips, eyes flashing to the tantalizing bulge in his pants, before another spurt made her cry out.

Her legs were shaking now, and she was bent almost in half, but he was dancing from foot to foot. She only had to hold out a bit… nope. Shit. Oh no. She was legitimately leaking without control, constant dribbles seeping out from her overfull pussy. She moaned as it became a stream, cascading down her legs and darkening the light denim and purple towel beneath her, she had been so close.

She sank to her knees, sighing in relief and defeat. She looked up at him as she unzipped her pants, "for a little bedwetter you have some control, you proved me wrong." She tugged them hem of her purple panties out invitingly, "come use your potty." She almost whispered. She cried out in surprise and arousal as his forceful stream hit her in just the right spot, and she considered that maybe this wasn't a loss afterall.

