Winter Schnee and the case of the Schnee Shits

Author: Big Boss

*000*2017-02-19 23:39

(So this is the first fanfic I have written, I hope you all enjoy. MESSING WARNING!)

Winter Schnee sat at the conference table, her stomach gurgling with need. She felt the tightness of her belt squeezed her guts and her bladder making the pain all the more agonizing. She desperately wanted to fart to relieve some pressure but could not find an opportunity. She prayed that she could keep it all in, the panties she wore were tight and white. There would be no hiding her mess nor her swollen bladder that would inevitably fill them if she did not get permission to use the restroom, She regretted having that coffee and not using the toilet before leaving for this meeting about Beacon’s recent “incidents” involving damages to the restrooms and since she was representing Atlas’s security forces there she had to be there for the meeting.

She felt the magma like substance that was her feces churn and bubble in her bowels and the burning liquid slosh in her bladder as she began to look more pale than usual with her stomach making a somewhat audible gurgling. She felt so ashamed of being belittled by bodily needs like this, She was a Atlas Specialist for remnant's sake! She was determined to make it to the toilet whether her underwear was stained her not. Her bowels filled up with the hellish magma as she grinds her plump ass into her chair trying to stave off a fart that had been bubbling at her anus for the past minuet. She was waiting for the right moment to let it out as it bubbles and threatens to burst out as she kept grinding her ass into her seat as she clenched as hard as she could. Her moment arises when Ozpin put on some footage of a duel that was interrupted by a bad accident due to the toilet being damaged.

The sound of the fight allowed her to let out a loud and relieving fart. It lasted for four seconds and she looked much more relaxed now but her stomach roared at her as her magma like sludge began to move through her bowels to her relaxed anus. She instinctively clenched her anus and ass cheeks closed to desperately stop the mixture from leaving her body.She felt her bladder try to relax as she clenched her anus. She slightly whimpers in her seat as her hand reluctantly went to her pants and squeezed the crotch of them as she ground her ass into the seat She finally stood up after five more agonizing minutes and looked to Ozpin, She asked him “M-May I be excused? I have an urgent matter to attend to…” Her hand rested on her stomach as she stood there with her innards fighting her and her bladder was clearly prominent against her waistband as her panties clung to her lower parts like tape.

Ozpin nodded and pointed to the door “You are excused, We understand.” Winter nodded and left the room in a hurry. She then shamelessly shoved her hands to her two desperate exits as she clasped them closed tightly. She began to speed walk to the nearest toilet in a desperate rush with a fart slipping out of her anus and her bladder forcing a spurt into her poor panties. She then quickly rushed as she saw the restroom close to her until her stomach cramped and caused her to hit the floor near the door. She whimpered as she whispered under her breath after all of that training and practice, she was defeated by a case of the Schnee Shits.

Her anus forced itself open with a loud fart and gurgle from her overtaxed guts. The slow and hot magma like substance flowed out of her anus and began to pile into her panties. It filled and filled until it began to flow out of the panties and flow down her pants staining them brown. Her bladder also gave way spurt after spurt until it flowed out of her pussy into her panties and pants, staining the front of her pantis yellow. She whimpered with a few tears welling in her eyes. “Damn coffee…” She muttered as she continued her release.

