Thief [Omorashi/Scat Commission Story]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-03-30 02:27

Maybe Gordon should have brought a car, instead of taking a taxi to the fancy restaurant they had both wanted to try that night. Maybe, but then again his hand in Rue’s it was hard to stop smiling, the night air cool and calm as it brushed them. Their coats ruffling softly in the warm breeze. A date night just for them after a rough week, he couldn’t be happier standing next to the woman he loves.

“Warm enough?” The soft voice of his girlfriend knocked him out of his thoughts, with a squeeze of her hand he smiled at her too, their fingers intertwining. Though he glanced behind them before returning his eyes to her, they had just turned off onto a more...empty road. Gordon’s arm wrapped around her, pulling her closer, his chest tightened a fraction.

“With you here? Of course I am, baby.” It helped to calm him that such a corny, cheesy joke made the shorter woman giggle, though he couldn’t help but think maybe he heard footsteps? No...no, he had forgotten his anxiety meds today that’s all it was, he trusted Rue and she didn’t look concerned. Why would someone follow them down the street, though...they were coming up on the bad side of town, his hand coming up to scratch his face feeling like eyes were burning into the back of his head, that would be impossible, though he had to fight the urge to check behind him again.

“You’re a dork! I...Gordon are you alright?” Rue’s tone had changed from a gentle joking sound, to concern, a shift that Gordon himself didn’t ignore, nodding, his nails running over his own jawline. His dark eyes meeting her light ones with a smile in them.

“Y-Yes sorry babe, I just...thought I heard something, no big deal...Just on edge.” His words trailed off, a brush on his arm as Rue smiled at him, trying to calm him with a touch.

Rue herself was a shorter woman, long dark hair held back by a ponytail, her face was a soft pale, her eyes a dark brown with flecks of gold, a part of her he loved to look at. Her coat was dark, a peacoat over a short white dress, her shoes clicking on the cement as she held his hand, fingers intertwined with his, thumb rubbing over his knuckles. Rue’s makeup was gorgeous, and for the fourth time that night, Gordon wondered how exactly he had gotten such a beautiful woman to be with him.

Gordon towered over her, though lanky and a bit of a beanpole. His hair was brown, fluffy and curly, a spattering of freckles across his nose and cheeks. He was also pale, though he was simply white instead of asian like the woman beside him. Gordon was in a blue button up covered in a pattern of white dots, a black vest with a white tie an outfit he was rather proud of. Lighter pants that were a bit tight, but when a hand brushed his ass, he figured with a soft flush rushing to his cheeks, Rue didn’t mind...his mind drifting to what might happen when they get back to the apartment, she did seem in the mood.

Gordon’s horny thoughts were shattered, unable to hear her words much less understand them as he heard what sounded like footsteps again...He turned around, did he just see a shadow, rushing into the alleyway, just a couple dozen feet behind them? Gordon’s hand tensed, squeezing Rue’s, the woman’s words dying in her throat as Gordon’s pace picked up. His arm went back around her, pulling her into his side, as if scared any minute she’d be snatched away.

“G-Gordon? What’s going on? Are you alright?” Her voice was quiet, though as she was brought closer, she paused, though her gait never slowed, he was shaking. Gordon was shaking against her, was it all in his head, anxiety amplified by his unmedicated state?

Rue’s hand moved to his side, grabbing the shirt squeezing the fabric in her fingers as she waited for his response that never came, the sound of their shoes clicking on the concrete. Then she heard it, the sound of footsteps getting ever closer, but no matter how many times she or her partner looked behind them they didn’t see anyone, no one coming at them, making her swallow hard, fear gathered in her chest. Though it was clear it affected Gordon much more.

“Gordon! Gordon it’s okay! We’re both just tired, a little worn out from today...Let’s calm down alright, why would someone go after two people, they’d be outnumbered baby.” Her words were gentle, softly pulling away to take his hand, comforting him as he grimaced, anxiety feeling like it was bubbling in his chest, burning a path down his torso to make even walking uncomfortable.

“I...it...” Gordon was surprised at how difficult it was to actually get the words out of his mouth, his hair flopping into his eyes, he took his hands away, covering his face and looking to the ground. Deep even breaths filled his lungs as he tried to push away the burning fear, feeling his own palms, his own fingers trembling against his skin.

“I’m alright I...just, maybe next time I’ll just drive us...” A nervous laugh fell from his lips as he tried to calm down, though the heat gathering in his belly, feeling like the world’s worst stomach ache wasn't going away by any means. Letting his hands fall from his face he paused, his eyes going wide, and the breath he was trying so hard to get under control went wild.

Sitting there on the concrete was her little purse on its gold chain, laying there, she was gone, his head whipped around, wildly trying to figure out where she could have gone until he heard the sound of laughter and struggling down the dark alleyway in front of him.

“Oh god, oh g-god Rue?! Rue?!”

Not a second was wasted, rushing into the alley way he couldn’t think of anything besides her, though he was scared the idea of abandoning his girlfriend never crossed his mind, despite the tension all over him, the heat in his belly, gathering down only getting worse, his heart hammering in his chest. Every breath felt like it was fueling a fire in him, though one of fear, the smoke itself forming into nightmares of her already gone, bleeding out on the concrete.

“One more move and this sweet lil’ thing is going to be out one little scrawny...nerd.” Gordon froze, hearing the click of metal against metal, Gordon was faced with the barrel of a gun, his breath catching, he froze in place like a deer caught in headlights, his knees pressing together, his hands shaking he looked past the gun at the woman holding it. Rue was behind her, eyes wide, fearful, clearly she was just a piece of bait to keep him from running, or calling the cops.

She was taller than Rue, though shorter than Gordon, her hair was ginger, and loose, a little messy, green eyes and freckles with a shit eating smirk on her face, white teeth and confident squared shoulders...She wasn’t afraid of either of them, clearly not thinking Rue a threat her back to her, arm straight as the silver gun was pointed right between Gordon’s eyes.

“Hands on the wall pretty boy, and any funny moves and I get to pick which one gets a brand new hole put into them...” Her voice was accented, Irish or Scottish he had a hard time telling, shaking so bad he could barely shuffle his feet forward, flinching hard when she moved the gun.

“NOW! Cute as the two of you are, I don’t have time for bullshit, hands on the wall!”

“Wait please! Let her go, she won’t say an-an….anything.” Gordon felt tears blurring his eyes, the shakes of his hands, his body felt overpowered by it’s own urges. The burning in his stomach only clawed lower, and a hand despite his own commands went to his stomach through his shirt, clutching at the fabric. A soft whimper leaving him as he realized his stutter, the one he worked so hard to get over was coming back, Rue’s eyes on him as she realized how close he was to having an anxiety attack.

Gordon didn’t know what to do, the gun pointed at him, his shoes stumbled, tripping him, his hands hitting the brick wall of the alley with a painful scrap, skinning the heel of his palms, smears of his blood on the porous brick. He dug his fingers in between each brick, his knees pressed together he felt his lungs close up, tears blurring his vision even more than the fear did.

He was panting, close to a panic attack, his knees forced together, it felt like he was going to explode, the liquid leaking down his cheeks clearing his vision, the tears hitting the ground below him like a punctuation to the fearful pants.

He didn’t understand it, the powerful burning in his lower abdomen, pressure on his bladder, on his well...everything, he only tensed as he felt the gun press into his spine, breath catching he didn’t dare look at the woman in control of the situation...In control of him.

“Got ourselves a little piss boy do we? A little pussy?” The Thief’s hands moved to slide up his side, feeling his coat pocket, he tensed, his knees trembling from the tightness of his muscles, his fingernails hurting from just how hard he was digging them into the wall. With a glance to Rue, who was stock still, she wasn’t shaking, she...she wasn’t crying, she was just watching...Shame washed over him like a blanket, making his stomach twist, painfully aware of how tight his jaw was, how wide his eyes were.

“Gordon! It’s okay….she’ll just take what she wants, she won’t hurt us if we just...listen, it’s okay, it’s okay baby...” Gordon sniffed, a pitiful sound when his girlfriend was so much more calm than he was. He was the one fighting the urge to...to...piss himself, his body telling him it helped...it would make him feel so much better, but he shook his head, fighting it as he turned away, a soft sob shaking his body, the fear was too much for him...He was pitiful.

“Got yourself a smartie now didn’t you? Listen to your girlie, I wouldn’t want to have to spill some blood, crybaby.” The woman, the thief, was teasing him. She found it funny that he was barely alright while Rue was fine, not even stuttering as she spoke.

Pressing his forehead into the wall in front of him, the thief slipped her hands into his pockets, feeling around for a phone or a wallet, she took out both, tucking it away in her coat with a soft laugh, feeling the trembling shaking of the man in front of her. A chuckle brushed his ears as the gun dug into his back, making him tense, stand up[ straight, a breath sucked in as he cried out softly, a voice crack maring the soft noise like he was a scared teen, getting caught washing their wet sheets.

“Aweee, what a knight in shining armor, your girlfriend is more man than you are.”

Despite the tension in his thighs, his legs, the trembling of his knees, he couldn’t force his body to go stop once it started. The gun was shoved against his spine again, maybe it was because he tensed, or maybe the thief just liked to see him squirm. A sob fell from his lips, followed by tears, the boiling shame in his lungs was nothing like the heat and pressure on his lower half, it promised comfort, a way to escape the fear, though he seriously doubted it.

A gush of warmth leaked down his thigh, what felt like lava rolled over the crotch of his pants, soaking the denim a darker color. With a whimper, he bit his lip, clasping his thighs together to try and stop it, though it was far too late now. The pitters of his piss hit the concrete, a stark contrast to the hushed hurried conversation between the three of them only a handful of minutes ago. His breath was like a cloud in front of him, hitting the cold air as the curls of his brown hair shook. Squeezing his eyes shut, tears slipped down his face, a hand clasping to his mouth as he heard Rue gasp.

“G-Gordon you...on yourself...you...” Her words were cut off by the thief’s laughter, pushing the gun between the back of his pants and his coat, she lifted it, exposing his accident to his girlfriend, the cool air making his shiver but no...his body wasn’t done yet.

“You’re dating a pussy who can’t even keep his shit together?! He’s crying for fucks sake! A little fucking pussy can’t even handle having a gun pointed at him, get a real man, instead of a god damn child.” Gordon hated this, it felt like something straight out of a nightmare! Shame, embarrassment, all of it was burning color on his pale cheeks as he tried not to let this get any worse.

Then he felt his pants tighten, eyes flaring open wide, he knew what was happening, and wished to god he could stop it, the smell alone alerting both women...There was no way they wouldn’t know he was...messing himself, messing his own pants in front of them. It pushed against his brief, lumping against his cheeks, making a mess as it had nowhere to go but against him. No doubt smearing on his pale skin, he was disgusted, embarrassed by himself, the two girls were silent...silent as they stared at the man who just pissed all over himself...then even went so far as to literally mess...himself.

“Jesus fucking Christ, what the hell is wrong with you?!” The thief was done making fun of him, he could barely see the disgusted look on her face through the veil of tears. His knees felt weak, his body freezing now that his mess, his...puddle were cooling in the night time air.

The ginger woman who held his wallet and phone in her coat stepped back, then he saw stars, pain erupting from his temple, and somewhere in the back of his mind he realized he was hearing Rue scream. More warm liquid gushed from him, re-soaking his pants, as blood dripped from the cut on his temple, dazed and confused, he realized he was sitting on the ground. His mess was staining the fabric of his pants, the pee puddle soaking into more and more of his pant legs, and he trembled unable to help it, he was so scared...The gun was between his eyes, pressing his head back into the alley wall, though all he could focus on was the shining metal.

“Stop don’t-!” Rue’s voice, she had taken a step forward, wanting to protect him, but the gun was taken away from him and pointed at her, the thief said something, but his vision was fading, it was all a blur...The last thing he remembered was seeing Rue have her pockets searched, her hands up at her sides, she was watching him though, not even scared of the thief jabbing her with the gun…

The last thing he felt was searing guilt, shame...He should have been the one trying to protect her!

That was the night before, now...He didn’t know what to do himself, he couldn’t even meet Rue’s eyes after all of that, after she had seen him act like a little kid having a panic attack, how his body had tried to comfort him in the most...childish way imaginable. It was early morning, their shared apartment was quiet, too quiet...He hadn’t slept, neither had Rue, the two of them having spent the night cancelling cards and calling in the report.

Gordon had showered, a towel hanging around his shoulders, wet hair clinging to his skin, bags under his eyes betraying the fact that he hadn’t even tried to sleep the night before. He wore basic black pajama pants, a white shirt with long-faded words, the clothes he had...ruined were double bagged and in the trash, his eyes glancing to it for half a second, too ashamed to look at it for any longer than that.

“Baby?” Gordon started, his eyes flicking up to meet Rue’s, she had two mugs of coffee in her hand, moving to offer him one, she sat beside him on the couch, again he couldn’t meet her eyes. Rue moved a hand to touch his arm, her thumb rubbing soft comforting circles onto his skin, the comforting touch seemed to help a little, the man leaning into it with a sigh.

“You’re being too hard on yourself...You were already nervous, and having a gun pointed at you...that’s not something you just deal with sweetheart, you didn’t get hurt that’s what matters.” Gordon recognized the soft gentle tone she was using, she meant what she said but, the mortification of what she had seen? He couldn’t get it out of his mind.

“I...I’m supposed to be, a-a-an adult R...Rue.” He paused, biting his lip and looking down at his lap, feeling her hand stroke his wet hair, he didn’t push her away, ashamed of his stutter coming back, ashamed of himself as a person.

“I’m su...su...supposed to be a man, I couldn’t e-even...I couldn’t...” Rue moved to lean into his side, her soft arm around him, he gently shrugged her off, glancing at her before looking away, moving to towel his hair in silence.

Rue let the silence stretch on, he was upset, how could she comfort him over what happened? His body betraying him the way that it had? His cheeks were growing pink the more she watched him, looking away she barely caught the flash of his hand moving up to his face brushing a finger underneath his eye.

Rue stood, taking his hand to her mouth she gave his knuckles a soft kiss, letting his hand fall back into his lap as she moved off into the bathroom, a part of her knew that the only way to make him feel better was...to show him that he wasn’t a failure, wasn’t...someone who couldn’t control his body.

With a little slip out of the bottle, the laxative rolled into her hand, turning it over in her hand, a flush of pink rushed to her cheek, was she really going to do this? Was she really going to take this medicine? Then she thought of Gordon...crying in the front room, silently, the embarrassment on his face? She bit her lip, and moved to grab another pill, a muscle relaxer, one that would help with the other half of, what...happened to her poor boyfriend. Rue ran the sink, and within seconds the pills were down and she didn’t...feel anything yet but she knew that would change, hands on either side of the sink she looked into the mirror, running a finger under the bags she had under her eyes, leaving the bathroom with a soft click of the door.

Gordon glanced up, seeing Rue enter, he raised a brow, eyes glancing down to the hand over her lower half, concerned knitting his brows as he used the towel to brush away the wetness on his own cheeks.

“Babe? W-What’s wro...wrong sweetheart?” Gordon moved to stand, giving her a half smile, which she tried to return, before her other hand covered her mouth, wincing slightly as her body grumbled, pressure building in her lower half as she whimpered...It wasn’t painful but it was so quick, was this how he felt, scared, on display?

“I-I Gordon...” Her eyes widened, surprised at her own voice, shaking her hands trembling, she winced, whimpering again as she trailed off. Her stomach gurgled, loudly between them, her eyes glancing up to meet his, Gordon’s eyes going wide, putting a hand over his mouth as he watched, her cheeks erupting into pink. Rue couldn’t help it, she leaned forward, her knees pressing together, she began trembling unable to control her body, glancing up at Gordon who couldn’t choose between second-hand embarrassment, or confusion.

“W-What are you doing?! Rue you...you don’t have to do this I do...do...don’t.” His stutter was acting up, he trailed off, sweat dotting his brow as Rue shook her head as Gordon came close. Reaching a hand out she gripped his sleeve, flushing, her eyes squeezing closed as she pressed her face into his sleeve. With a soft shake of her head, Gordon paused feeling the warm wetness of tears brushing his sleeve.

“R-Rue?” Without a second thought his arms went around her, she wasn’t faking it, she was pressing her face into his arm and crying softly, embarrassed about what she had done.

The pressure was building up more and more, her lower half felt like it was burning, building up too much pressure, a burning pressure promising relief from the medicine pushing her body to its limits. Rue trembled suddenly, not so sure about this plan anymore as she felt Gordon’s warm hand in her hair, tracing the locks of her hair down her back. Trying to comfort her as she did exactly as he did in the alley way, her body was giving out on her, she didn’t have much time.

“I...just wanted to try and show you it didn’t matter but I...can’t stop it...Gordon...” The more she spoke the more her voice went to a soft whisper, it took all her effort to try and stop it, her knees shaking to the point they almost gave out. Gordon’s arm was the only thing that kept her from hitting the floor. She tried to speak again, but it was too late, the body she could always trust was giving out on her, this was it, she was done for, even if she wanted to back out now she couldn’t.

Warmth began to leak down her legs, the shorts she was wearing, so tight-fitting, light grey in color, started to darken between her cheeks unable to take the strain of the sudden rush of...liquid mess. The smell hit them both as suddenly as she lost control, with a cracked sob she jerked away from him, planning to run away, to hide from him, but it was too late, her body betrayed her. Now she knew the embarrassment he had felt in that alley way, freezing cold and covered in his mess...though it was her this time, her shorts were ruined…

It wasn’t long before the warmth gushed down her front, her shorts darkening, a spurt of liquid coming from the front, a golden yellow stream dripping over the pale skin, soaking her socks and the carpet. Her mess mixed with her puddle, her toes pointing to each other as she gripped the hem of her shirt, her knees trembling as she pressed them together. Rivers of her embarrassment dripped off her knees as tears dripped down her cheeks, the warm rough hand of her boyfriend touched her cheek, through blurry teary eyes she saw his soft smile, feeling his warm kiss on her forehead.

“Shh it’s okay baby, you didn’t have to for me...Let’s get you cleaned up...Shhh.” Gordon brought her close, her body trembling underneath his arms as the carpet got ruined underneath her, Rue gripping the front of his shirt, her trembling against him. She softly cried, nuzzling into his arm, feeling his face pressing into the top of her head, it felt so good to be comforted, she never wanted him to go through this again but he seemed better...Their bodies couldn’t handle the stress of that night with the Thief.

###

Thank you so much to pp123 for letting me write for you!! I hope you enjoy!

