An Eventful Party (MCU FanFic)

Author: Noot

*002*2020-09-14 00:55

Here's the rest of the story! Thanks to @Toasty for kindly commissioning me to finish it! Enjoy!

###

Daisy hobbled up to the sink and managed just in time to slide down her bottoms just enough. The turd that stuck precariously from her butt teetered and came dangerously close to breaking off into her panties as she got them off. She couldn’t care less that Jemma could surely see the entirety of her toned ass (not to mention the heavy, solid load turtleheading out). Feeling the last grasp on her self-control slipping, Daisy put both hands on the counter and pushed herself up, spinning in-motion to ensure her tight hole was hovering over the sink.

If she had waited for just a few seconds longer, she wouldn’t have made it. Almost instantly a hosepipe jet of pee started spraying out and into the empty metal sink, bouncing off the surface with a sound like rain on a tin roof. At the other end, her hole started stretching even more until the widest part of her log was out, and then the rest of it rushed forth, accelerating in its escape until it hit the sink and started coiling up beneath her. An insuppressible moan drifted from her mouth, overwhelmed by the relief of letting it all out. It was only slightly marred by a feeling of hot shame and guilt that she was taking a dump in the sink of one of the richest men in the world. The powerful feeling of release was comparable to being drunk, and she barely noticed the impact that her display was having on Jemma.

The English girl was stood a few feet away, shaking with the effort of holding it in. Sweat meant her hair was plastered to her forehead. The smell of her farts was stronger than ever. She couldn’t take her eyes off of Daisy. It was impossible for Jemma to look away from her colleague’s exposed pussy, the crown between her pale spread thighs, which hissed and rushed and sprayed uncontrollably. Behind it a second turd was hanging from between her cheeks, dangling on the verge of breaking off like a snake coming out of a cave behind a waterfall. As she stared, it fell onto the huge pile beneath Daisy’s butt. There was something incredibly strange about seeing that smooth, pure bottom doing something so dirty. The sink was beginning to fill with pee- the plug must’ve been left in! Jemma could see the water level (or was that the wee level?) rising, starting to pick up chunks of poop which floated at the surface. Surely there was no way Daisy could overflow it?

Not that Jemma had much time to contemplate that fact- not if she wanted to avoid an accident of her own. All that she could think about was how badly she needed a poo, and how close it was to just falling out into her knickers.

“Holy shit, Jemma, this feels incredible!” Daisy moaned as she continued to relieve herself.

“Daisy, please hurry,” Jemma pleaded, “I’m pooing myself, I can feel it!”

“I’m sorry, Jem! Try and hold on, I’ll be as quick-“ she paused as a loud fart squelched out of her and hit the mess below- “as quick as I can!”

“How long will you need?” Jemma asked, worry in her eyes.

“How long can you hold it?”

“Like, twenty seconds-“ she moaned, a cramp overwhelming her, “twenty seconds or I’m going to shit myself. How long until you get off there?”

Daisy looked at her, eyes wide. She still had what felt like litres of piss and several logs inside her. She wanted desperately to help Jemma but there was no way she could finish in time.

“Daisy,” Jemma begged, “how long?”

“At least a minute,” Daisy said guiltily.

That did it for Jemma Simmons. Her body simply gave in.

It started with the final exit of the log that had been poking out of her hole for the best part of half an hour and now could be restrained no longer. It slid in seconds from her bum and nestled in her tight panties, feeling hot and sticky and hard all at once. The force of her anus stretching open was enough to put an end to her efforts to clench her urethra tight, too. Pee started seeping through the gaps between her fingers, no matter how hard her fingers were gripping her crotch. Her load felt enormous, extremely solid and far too large to be contained by her panties. Jemma could do nothing to stop it. She simply stood there, still watching Daisy’s half-naked form emptying out of both ends, still emptying out of both ends herself in the messiest way possible. She had held on for so long, but it had been too much. The biggest accident of Jemma Simmons’ life was forming in her underwear and there was nothing she could do.

Daisy was starting to come to her senses, and she realised what had happened. She smelled Jemma’s accident before she looked up and saw it. Immense guilt washed over her.

“Oh, Jemma, I’m sorry,” she said sincerely. Jemma took a step or two closer to the sink, turning just enough to show Daisy that she had, indeed, lost control for good. For her part, Daisy was almost done- she had pushed out her final log, and the pee was coming out now in erratic, forced squirts. She could feel something poking at one cheek of her bum and realised that it was a piece of poop that had floated up. Jemma looked back up at her and sighed, and Daisy was sure she saw the small, scrunched-up effort of pushing out a poop on her face.

“It’s not your fault, mate,” Jemma said, “at least one of us made it”.

“I wouldn’t say you have it worse than me either”.

“How so?”

“Well, you don’t have to figure out how to clean shit out of Tony Stark’s sink,” Daisy said.

###

Okoye couldn’t move. She couldn’t think straight. She could hear the sounds of commotion outside, in the main room of the mansion, but was powerless to go see what it was about, let alone do anything to help. Nakia had left her alone in the office, leaving a steaming pile of pee and poop on the sandy carpet behind. Okoye didn’t want to look at it, didn’t want to even smell it, but it couldn’t be helped. The raw, thunderous scent of shit filled the room and her nostrils, leaving her desperation more intense than ever.

There was a raging storm of conflict whirling around Okoye’s mind like a tornado. She was Okoye, one of the strongest warriors in the world, and that reputation didn’t come cheap. It cost a lifetime of dedication to preserving the image. And pooping her pants was not part of the aesthetic she wanted to portray. There had been other times like this, of course there had. Times in Wakanda, mostly, or out in battle, when she hadn’t had the chance to go. The urge became a desperate need quickly, but Okoye couldn’t show it. And when the time had come that she couldn’t hold it any longer she would find the nearest bathroom and let it go, often barely making it in time. Her movements were always huge, solid and stinky. They weren’t the kind of thing she would ever willingly release in front of another human being.

And yet… there was a part of her that wanted to just let it go. After all, she couldn’t walk at that moment in time. She couldn’t make it to the bathroom in this party, no chance. And even if she did, wouldn’t there still be a line? Surely she’d soil herself waiting for the bathroom. No… better to do it here, in a private place where she could be left alone with her shame. It was do dishonourable, so un-Okoye, but she was a woman who knew when a battle could not be won. As she stood like a statue, feeling the first of her typically enormous logs starting to poke out from between toned cheeks, she could confirm that this was a fight she was destined to lose. Better to go out with dignity than try and fail.

Okoye closed her eyes, relaxed her muscles and shit her pants. It didn’t happen gradually or painfully, it just happened: one minute her underwear was empty, the next it was sagging and bulging with the mass of half a dozen big brown logs. They pushed through her, stretching out her tight anus at an almost alarming rate. Some part of her, maybe subconscious or maybe not, had always favoured loose underwear for this reason- tight panties would never contain one of her accidents, should she ever have one. In that moment she was very glad for that decision. The smell was awful, foul, almost animalistic, but she didn’t care.

By the time her poop finally finished coming out, Okoye of Wakanda was exhausted. She lifted one arm and placed the palm flat on the wall, leaning against it for support. That movement caused the mass in her underwear to shift slightly; she felt one solid turd come dangerously close to touching her most private place. It was going to be a nightmare, she realised, getting rid of all this mess.

###

The sight of Kamala peeing herself was far too much for Natasha to take. Her limit had been reached, engulfing her in a fiery desperation that simply wouldn’t be held back any longer. She backed away with a whimper, looking around for some sort of exit, some way to get out so she could have her accident in peace. There was no exit. No way out.

At that moment, as if by some miracle, the door clicked open and Jane slipped out of the bathroom. She was red in the face, no doubt overcome with shame from her selfish act of cutting in. But Natasha didn’t care, not right then. All she knew was that the bathroom door had opened and she could finally get some relief.

She didn’t realise until her hand was on the handle that it had opened a few seconds too late. Just as she took that first step into the bathroom, her body froze up, cramps taking over from the stomach all the way to the toes. It was like everything below her boobs was immobilised by the pain of holding it for so long, and now, at last, her brain had taken over and decided to take matters into its own hands. Nat was overwhelmed with the urge to push… and she did. Bending over slightly, the spy finally gave in to her instincts, forcing the hot, heavy shit into her underwear in a manic rush. The dam of her crotch broke, too, as she’d known it would. Pee started gushing down her legs, pooling half on the bathroom floor and half on the corridor carpet.

Natasha was acutely aware of the eyes on her, but none of them seemed able to look away. She couldn’t really blame them; the famous Black Widow pissing and shitting her pants was a sight to see. And still the poop kept coming, forming a tent in the back of her pants, filling the room with just the latest in what had been a long line of terrible smells. Kamala, Carol, Jane… all just watching with stunned expressions, all trying to look like they weren’t staring.

“I was so close,” Natasha groaned, gazing longingly at the toilet just a few feet away while pee kept dribbling down her thighs.

When Pepper came round the corner, holding a firm mass in the back of her underwear in place with one hand, nobody was surprised. She slipped into the bathroom without bothering to close the door, peeled down her knickers just enough and dumped several squashed brown logs into the toilet water with a splash. Nat added her own accident on top of Pepper’s, and Carol dropped Kamala’s long, impossibly thick turd in from the shoebox she had been carrying.

“Well,” Nat said dryly, staring down at the shit of three different women piled together in the bowl, “there’s no way that’s gonna flush”.

###

Kamala was feeling something she’d never felt before, as a kid or a young woman. She had to poop again, just a few minutes after losing a load in her underpants. It wasn’t an experience she thought was even possible for her, not something she’d had to deal with in her short life. She’d heard about it, though, the phenomenon of needing to go for a second time after a desperate accident. She supposed it had to be some kind of bowel aftershock. And it was getting more intense quickly.

They were gathered in an upstairs lounge, all thirteen women who had come to the party. Some were in completely different clothes to what they had arrived with, graciously lent out by Pepper, who herself had had to change. A few had just about managed to salvage their own outfits, including Jane Foster. The men were carrying on the party downstairs, as per Pepper’s instructions.

All thirteen women had had a rough night. Few more so, though, than Daisy Johnson and Jemma Simmons. Bruce Banner had walked in on them in the kitchen, one having used their sink as a toilet, one in soiled and stinking clothes. Daisy had needed twenty minutes to completely clean and disinfect the sink. Bruce had been so shocked at the sight that he had dropped his drink, which clattered to the ground and smashed.

Shuri was already back to her usual self. All sense of shame or even mild embarrassment had totally disappeared in no time, and before long she was back to making jokes and teasing Kamala, although Ms Marvel hadn’t quite had the time yet to tell Shuri that she needed to take another dump badly. Shuri may not have been humiliated, but Melinda May certainly had. Apart from Pepper, nobody’s accident had been more public than May, who had been forced to soil herself in front of every man in the room. She was eternally grateful that none of them were here now to remind her.

Okoye had come in from the garden a while later, wearing a new set of clothes and smelling fresh. Nobody dared ask where she’d been or what she’d been doing, but it was reasonable to assume she hadn’t made it. As for Nakia- Tony’s robots were working on getting the stain out of the office carpet at that very moment, and having a little more success than they’d managed outside the bathroom with Peggy’s poop.

Speaking of Peggy, once Steve had finally got most of the caked and drying poop off of her legs, she had slipped away from the others and gone to be alone. No-one had seen her for most of the night, but they’d found her eventually, sitting bottom-half-naked in the room in which they all now gathered.

Thinking of Peggy’s accident, the one that had started the chain reaction which had lead to almost all of them failing to make it to the bathroom in time, made Kamala’s own need to poop suddenly even worse. She cramped up again; beads of sweat were forming slowly on her forehead from the heat inside her body. She realised that there would be no waiting for the bathroom to be cleaned up. She had to go back down there and relieve herself- now.

Kamala got to her feet queasily, having to lean on Shuri briefly for support when she almost stumbled. The Wakandangirl looked up and realised straight away that something was wrong from Kamala’s expression.

“Kam, what’s wrong?”

Every single woman in the room turned and stared. It would have been impossible not to hear her in what had beforehand been a deathly silent bedroom. Kamala stood in the middle of the pack, a frightened rabbit in a herd who thought the treat had passed. She didn’t want to say it. Before tonight she would never have admitted it. It was too degrading, especially in front of Carol. And yet, after what they’d all been through that night, she didn’t see the point in hiding the truth any longer.

“I have to poop again,” she mumbled. It was quiet, but everyone in the room made out the words.

“Oh, honey,” Carol said in a voice that was almost motherly, “how bad?”

“Really bad,” she moaned, feeling something heavy pushing towards her hole. “It can’t wait,” she admitted.

“That’s an aftershock, hun,” Pepper said, going to her with concern, “we have to get you to the bathroom”.

Kamala stumbled towards the landing and in front of the staircase, with Pepper on one side and Carol to her left. They were determined not to let anyone else shit themselves tonight. But then, halfway down the thirteen carpeted steps-

“Guys, it’s too late,” Kamala wailed, shaking her head. Her eyes closed in resignation. “I’m sorry, it’s coming out”.

She knew that the eyes of the women around her were watching her ass as she lost control, but there was nothing to be done about it. With a low crackling noise, the second turd of Kamala’s evening began to grow longer and thicker and coil up in her panties. They weren’t flexible enough to hold the size of the mess- Kamala could feel it squishing and spreading across her buttcheeks. There was no chance of stopping the flow. A dribble of warm pee tricked from her clit and down the lips of her pussy, nestling among the logs between her legs. Frozen, she couldn’t do much but wait to be empty. For the third time that night Kamala Khan had had an accident.

Finally, when the poop was completely out and the stench had overcome the stairwell, Carol lead her off once again to clean up again get changed. Pepper returned to the upstairs room, where ten sullen faces were looking up at her expectantly.

“Did she make it?” Asked Shuri, eyes wide. Pepper paused to think for less than a second, then put on her most persuasive voice and replied.

“Yeah, she made it,” she told them, and she could see that they believed her.

Lying to her guests wasn’t the greatest feeling in the world, but Pepper knew that it was for a greater good.

Kamala’s had a rough night, she told herself. Let’s give her this one.

Yeah, she thought, let’s give her this one.

END

