The Unyielding Door

Author: Darth_Thorin

*000*2017-12-12 03:59

(Once Again, I present a story staring Kanna from Wetter's Story. Once again, I choose to focus on a "What if" scenario, in which the character is subject to an urgency in her bowels, as opposed to the more wetting based focus of the game. Thoughts and critiques are appreciated.)

The Unyielding Door

Kanna Alexa led the walk back from the underground cavern, her blond curls bobbing, her dress fluttering with her rigid steps. Her eyes were fixated forward, Dorm B, home to the seniors, was just over the bridge. The way was clear of creatures, and her bowels were pressing with urgency. Her left hand clutched her staff, palms sweaty as her right rubbed on her stomach. Everything inside her felt heavy, every step bringing a rising and falling pressure radiating down. Sweat mingled on her brow as her steps pattered on the bridge. Yet she was a daughter of the Alexa family. Such a need was beneath her. She would not suffer any indignity, she would show the resolve earned of an honor student’s reputation. She would make it.

“Ah…ahhh…almost…home!” Chiffon blurted out, both of her hands jumping down to her crotch, the accident prone magician suddenly abandoning all pretense of self-control in favor of a childish potty dance, her movements betraying a great need. In truth, it had been a while for since any of them took care of their needs. The caverns had proven insidious, and it was no secret that Mint-Sensei’s plan for the island involved the humiliation of each girl for failing to heed their body’s need. Kanna found her voice, chiding Chiffon “You will wait, and you will not give Mint the satisfaction.” Her voice harsh and cold, more of a mantra to herself over a command to Chiffon.

Their two companions looked to themselves. Mati had read Kanna’s body language since they left the cave. The rigid movements. The silence, the cold determination. Kanna only got this way under two circumstances, when fighting a difficult enemy, or fighting the needs of her body.

The honor student continued the walk forward, breathing in as she opened the door to the dorm. She shot a look over her shoulder to the desperate mage behind her, a cold, menacing glare. It’s intent was easy, the closest bathroom is mine. With single minded determination, Kanna took determined steps towards the closer bathroom. Whining and stamping in desperation, Chiffon tore past her, down the hall towards the farther bathroom as Mati and Firie moved to the rooms, murmuring something about a “change for the little one” which only served to bring a blush to the grade skipper’s cheeks. Kanna didn’t hear any of them as she finally reached her destination, her stomach descending and a near unbearable pressure tore at her gut, the result of being so close to relief. She grasped the cold metal of the door handle, and it remained fixed in place, locked.

_____

Firie held her staff up high, the orb letting a luminescent light out to brighten the dark halls of the cavern corridor. The girls all clustered around it, their cautious steps echoing off the walls as they continued their search. Firie found her voice first. “Are we sure Mint-Sensei’s lab is down this way?” she asked, her fear obvious in her voice’s warbling quivers. The others did not answer. In truth, they were starting to all suspect the trap that Firie was vocalizing. Mint surely would not allow her lab to be unguarded. They had walked for such a long time, moving deeper underground, and had yet to encounter so much as a simple ooze, let alone a creature with murderous intent.

“We will only find out if we press on, besides, we are ready for anything!” Mati let out a boisterous call, her voice echoing off the walls even louder than their steps. Any pretense of stealth not already ruined by their footfalls eroded at that moment. Kanna shot her a sharp glare, causing the senior to chuckle and rub the back of her head in apology, a bead of sweat dripping. In truth, Kanna’s normally short patience was getting shorter. Ever since her capture by Mint, she had wanted nothing more than to wrap her hands around the teacher’s neck, and subject her to the same torture she had experienced. Any clue, no matter how small, would be worth any work, any trial.

The group pressed on, walking down more twists and turns. Firie’s walk became slightly erratic after a while. She even stopped suddenly, pretending to shine her lighted staff on the wall, claiming she saw some weird runes. The others humored her as she stood, her legs slightly apart, and they all pretended not to hear the soft hiss coming from her, or see the red aura creeping down her cheeks. Least of all Chiffon, who had begun to bite her lip, and even was about to open her mouth when they came upon an open cavern, a large flood light falling on a podium at its center.

“This must be it” Kanna stated briskly walking forward to examine the podium. It housed a lone panel, with crystal conduits. Her brow furrowed as she examined, the gears in her mind turning. It was a puzzle, something about conduits and magical flux. Wordlessly, she began to move the crystals, connecting sources to conduits and creating a chain. Chiffon finally spoke up “Kanna-chan, are you sure we should?” she started ask, the group leaning over Kanna’s shoulder as she completed the magical circuit. The cavern suddenly yawned with magical release, a shock running up Kanna’s hand where the magic touched her. Movement jumped into being at the mouth of the cave, rock moving of its own accord to seal the entrance.

Firie yelped out in terror, Mati cursed, Chiffon ran to the entrance, trying to find an exit in the quickly filling doorway, and Mint-Sensei’s voice flooded the chamber as the magic continued to pour into the cavern. “It would be you Kanna, always too quick to prove herself against a challenge.” The voice, distant and hallow chided her. She wanted to scream, yet Mint continued “Do not bother, I have no desire to hear last your words. Know that you all will die in here. This cavern is home to a pack of Earth Elementals who were slaved to my will long ago. But do know, my dear Kanna that this chamber will act just like your last trapping. Well, with a small twist, and a this time, your friends will be there to see everything…” The voice faded as Kanna felt the magic end, but something remained. She felt, wrong, she felt heavy, she felt….her eyes widened as she felt her bowels kick and stir to life.

Time slowed as she realized the depth of the gauntlet Mint had thrown for her. She would be trapped in this room, forever. And, if the last curse was to be any indication, she would be moving her bowels until she died of malnutrition, her friends helpless to watch her shame before they too would wither. Her hands clenched around her staff, threatening to break the wooden implement when the sound of loud crashes broke through her mental haze. Chiffon held her staff high, magic condensing into a dense force at the tip as she hammered at the stone slab trapping them in. It would not even chip. Firie screamed in despair. “The stone is unyielding!”

###

Kanna quivered, cemented in that spot, in that moment as the door knob, and the door itself, would not move. She could feel it, her urgency growing tenfold as the promise of relief was denied. The honor student could feel her hole threatening to yawn, begging her to give in to the need, the urge. It would be so simple. Just stop resisting. She wouldn’t even have to push. Mint’s magic had made sure of that. If she simply stopped, it would come out, slowly, but surely, inch by inch, until it caught the seat of her satin panties. Her eyes widened as she could feel it doing just that, the tip of the monster within her touching down into the seat of her pure white panties.

Allowing her mind to waver had started a disaster. Kanna allowed herself a moan of desperation, willing the beast back, making it retreat, her body screamed in pain as the act of willpower went against all desires of her flesh. She could not wait, not for this door. No sound was coming from the person inside, but she knew her body could not wait for them to yield the facility. “The other door…quickly”. She commanded to herself, turning on her heal to start the desperate march down the hall.

Sweat was washing all over her body, leaving her in a cold shiver as her need pulsed against her bottom with each step. She could not register the hallway, the distance, anything, not even the girl walking the other way, shaking off her recently washed hands. It took what felt like hours, but her small, forceful steps brought her to the bathroom door. Her heart was already sinking before she even touched the handle. From behind the oaken barrier, she could hear the desperate moan of relief, and the torrent of an overfilled bladder releasing into a toilet, barely on time. It appeared Chiffon had made it, and Kanna had once again encountered another unyielding barrier.

###

They each had taken a turn at the barrier, Mati hammering with a demon possessed hammer taken from the Kiko tribes. Firie tried to cut her way through with holy magic, calling upon a fine light that had helped then rend flesh from dying bone. Chiffon had exhausted her stores hammering with her magic infused blade, and Kanna’s fireballs were doing nothing. With an earth elemental fortifying the slab, the barrier had proven to be unyielding.

Kanna had taken a seat by the crystal circuit. The trap had been so obvious. What she hoped would open a pathway to answers was simply a trap, designed to seal her in a familiar hell. Already, she could feel Mint’s sinister magic, stirring her insides. It felt as if her metabolism was in overdrive, similar to the previous trap. Only this time, instead of her bladder filling to bursting, it was her bowels slowly filling with need. She knew how it would go. Just like before, she would be forced to foul herself, again and again. Her anger giving way to shame, filling Mint’s machine with the potent magic of her emotions as she and her friends slowly died. It would be a shameful end, one leaving her alone, forgotten, and reliving the most shameful fate over and over and over.

The thought washed over her. She was the heir to the Alexa family. The highest graded student at the academy in decades, nay centuries. Her fate was to be illustrious, prestigious, without comparison. Yet, Mint had robbed her of that bright future. Despite all of her work, all of her talent, all of her innate skill, her fate on this world would be to endlessly fill her panties, being nothing more than a battery of shame.

“No…NO!” Kanna rose, pushing aside the growing need in her bowels. She could not be distracted, not by such a petty need. She could only allow herself to feel one thing. Anger. Anger at Mint’s arrogance, anger at her past shame, anger at her fate. She would not allow it. She could not allow it. The tsundere’s eyes burned with an intense fire, the very flames of her fury channeling down her staff. She pointed it at the slab, commanding that her will be made manifest.

The others stared, hiding behind the pillar as the light of an inferno filled the cavern, and the very air vaporizing as the first bolt of flame erupted from the tip of her staff. A blistering gust rushed to fill the vacuum of burning air as her bolts of rage blasted against the slab. For the first time, cracks appeared in the unyielding stone, only to be filled in by fresh stone from the elemental, straining to keep the barrier alive. A guttural cry came from Kanna’s throat as she pushed her staff further, willing more heat, willing more flame, willing the very fires of an inferno into the slab. The cracks returned, molten slag falling from the stone, and then, it cracked.

The tsundere fell to her knees, the hellfire from her staff fading as the elemental prison keeper burned, the slab of his unyielding defense finally yielding. Her head was heavy with exhaustion, and Kanna could feel a sudden lurch in her stomach as Mint’s magic left, leaving her with just a heavy urge. A small hand was on her shoulder. “Kanna-chan, you did it!” Firie yelped in childish delight. The way was clear.

_____

Sadly, the barrier before Kanna could not be blown away like the granite and quartz of the evil earth elemental. The plain, oaken door, held closed by a simple lock, might as well have been rendered indestructible due to the unshaking powers that social mores held over a noble such as Kanna. Even on the precipice of using her panties as a toilet, Kanna would not violate the social rules. One in line must wait their turn, not matter how dire their need.

It was much too late to turn back. Kanna’s feet had rooted to the hard floor as she stared at the door, hearing Chiffon releasing the flood gates of her desperate bladder. Turning back, or making a dash for the nurse’s would certainly only bring her quicker shame.

“Chiffon…I beg of you…” she finally allowed herself to admit it. That she was in need, in desperate, dire need. “Please…hurry” she said, doubled over, trying to find any position that would ease the anger in her bowels.

The sound of urine pittering into water was slowing, and Chiffon’s surprised voice yelped in embarrassment. “Hold on Kanna-chan…I am hurrying”. She implored, trying to finish with her own desperate task as Kanna’s willpower slipped, inch by inch. The honor student was nearing the end of her rope.

She desperately yearned to destroy the unyielding door that kept her from the icon of relief. It would be so easy, taking not even an ounce of her power, especially in comparison to the stone slab. But she couldn’t do it. She couldn’t break it. She wouldn’t break it. She had to hold it. She couldn’t hold it.

“Please…Please…Please….Chiffon” she begged as she heard the sound of the toilet flushing, her companion finally finishing with the task of releasing her waters, just as Kanna started the task of releasing her bowels. With the roar of the toilet, Kanna found herself overwhelmed, her hole yawning once again, finally finding the end of her willpower. A hearty groan of desperate relief broke past her lips as Kanna forced herself into a squat, lifting her skirt high, clutching it close as she tried to will her body to hold in. But all it served to do was expose her snow white panties to the world.

The beast within her descended out slowly, her panties dimpling out slowly as she took labored breaths, once again trying to force it back. Yet she was incapable, her body had chosen its path. The price for her desire to maintain dignity would be the very dignity she sought to protect. The tsundere groaned again as her mess began to pick up in tempo, snaking out with a shameful crackle as the mess began to pile upon itself, her panties slowly changing form and color. Whether her body simply had given up all pretense, or she was willingly pushing along the urge in her bowel to spare herself the pain was beyond her. It didn’t even matter anyway, Kanna, mere feet from the toilet, was pooping her panties.

She didn’t look up from the busy business of filling her panties when the door opened. She didn’t stop grunting, redfaced as the mass mushed on her shapely cheeks, and began to push up into the small of her back right under the waistband of her panties. Kanna only looked up when she was finished going potty in her pants, just in time to see the flabbergasted look of her companion. Sure, Kanna had seen Chiffon pee her pants and bed a multitude of times, and Chiffon even had the honor of seeing Kanna do the same. But neither of them had done a shameful deed of this magnitude in front of each other. “Kanna-chan…” Chiffon started to say as Kanna closed her eyes, fighting back a shameful tear as she let out one final grunt, a rude, squishing sound coming from her rear as she dropped her skirt, the back of it extended out, and a shameful bulge of her body’s waste dipping below the hemline. Mint-sensei had won again.

*005*2017-12-14 22:24

I choose to focus on Kanna because she is the type I like. As for the out of order flashbacks, I am all ears for suggestions. I really wanted to create the juxtaposition between the earth slab as a huge barrier she could actually break, and a small toilet door as an unbreakable barrier she could not overcome.

