Mercy poops herself (Overwatch)

Author: ExplosiveTurtlez

*000*2017-05-16 02:27

[A friend of mine requested I write an Overwatch fanfic about Mercy messing herself...

... so here~ Figured I'd share it for fun :P]

Mercy was sitting casually as she made sure her staff was configured and well-maintained. Her and her team were playing Defense on Gibralter, and expected to be in the thick of it on the ground with the tanks while Ana provided support-heals.

At least, that was the plan anyways. Hopefully things go right this time... As of late team-communication had been severely lacking which ment a lot of de-ranking on comp-games... Lands 20k healing yet her team is too stupid to keep their shit together. So let's see here...

Their team comp was made up of herself, Ana, Reinhardt, D.Va, Junkrat, and your mandatory 76. Pretty solid all around, she thought to herself...

Speaking of solid, she could begin to feel something "solid" running through her system. Actually, it's been like that for several hours now...

She didn't have a chance to relieve herself either as she had to run to the payload. She could feel her stomach churn and growl as she overlooked the battleground atop the higher platform. She didn't have time to pop a squat either... not that she'd want to. Not only would removing her suit be taxing on time and effort, but she didn't want to desecrate this old nostalgic facility with her waste...

And thus, that usual five-second countdown began to... count down, and the gates opened up. The enemy's team consisted of Zenyatta, Lucio, Pharra, Zarya, Roadhog, and Genji.

Right off the bat, 76, D.Va, and Reinhardt where down in the shit, holding back the enemy's push while Junkrat provided hail Marys from above. Mercy leaped down and cringed as she landed, feeling a heavy blow on her bowels. She felt the load sliding it's way closer and closer to her juicy butt... Oh god she wanted to just shit herself right there! But she had to hold it...

She felt a sense of terror creep up on her as a distant Roadhog had his eye on her... She knew right away that Roadhog was gonna target her the rest of the game, she felt it in her gut... Or maybe that was just her tumtum going dumdum on her bumbum...

She provided damage buffs for 76 while D.Va went out back to go bully the enemy squishies, particularly Zenyatta and Lucio. She made sure to stay behind Rein's shield at all costs, since the moment she did, that Roadhog would most likely snatch her up and open a hole in her big enough for the shit in her belly to pour out anyways.

76 was doing a decent job of pestering the enemy team as well, as to be expected...

Of course, Mercy could see her safety, just like her stomach's strength, slowly fading away as Rein's shield began cracking. Knowing this grabbed the Roadhog's attention to hook Mercy, she quickly took action and hid behind the payload, which fortunately hasn't been pushed too far yet. Hell it hasn't even reached the first choke yet! But as Mercy lowered herself to remain safe, she clenched onto her staff and begged not to let 'it' happen... but of course it was inevitable...

*frrt~*

A tiiiiny toot escapes her angelic booty. It was quite sharp as well, however due to the deafening amount of hellfire, chances are no one heard that, which made her sigh a little in relief...

But her relief was swiftly snuffed as she felt the sharp pain of iron digging into her flesh, followed by an intense yank, making her fart MUCH louder than before! She looked in fear as she stared doom right in it's leather-clad face behind the end of his garbage-cannon of death.

Fortunately Reinhardt was quick on his feet. The moment before Roadhog filled Mercy's face with flaming instakill, he tackled the tubby demon away from her, freeing Mercy. But she was still injured and the pain was pushing her beyond her strength... The fact that she didn't shit herself right there was a miracle.

Meanwhile Reinhardt was duking it out with Roadhog. He almost managed to kill Mercy's captor when he healed up on the fly. And Roadhog began to quickly out-DPS Rein. In an attempt to save him, Mercy flew over to him... but doing so, she felt a massive rank fart propel her forward as she flew on her wings. It was a little hard to see, but a tiny stain had formed, showing signs her tummy-troubles would soon be too much to contain.

She began pumping juice into Rein, but sadly it wasn't enough. Rein took one last mortal blow before falling dead... She had to run to the stair-corridor to escape from Roadhog, who swiftly began chasing after her. He goes for another hook-grab, but just BARELY misses her by the skin of her teeth. She ran up to where the support-fire was holed up and looked with fear and panic as she witnessed Pharrah blow her own mother to chunks, and Junkrat having too shit aim to hit her out of the air, resulting in swift death... 76 just got headshotted by Zenyatta too... And soon everyone quickly had the insight to know Mercy's ressurect was probably ready, which it was... and thus she was swarmed...

She tried to escape, but she was circled form all sides...

It was now or never... Mercy had to revive her team NOW before she ate it...

With that, a swift press of the Q button brought her team back to life (D.Va was still fine though being the indestructable teenage piece of shit). Pharrah tried to counter the rez with a Rocket Barrage, but 76's ult was ready so he shot her right back down. Ana knocked Roadhog out like a light while D.Va pounded her shotgun cannons into his face. Genji also made an attempt to Ult, but Rein smacked him up a bit and Junk picked him off with a Concussion Mine. The push was halted once again, thanks to a well-timed rez... But sadly... it came at a hefty price...

After that shitshow, Mercy collapsed onto her knees and began to weep, as a loud hiss and crackled filled her plump ass with poo, creating a massive bulge that almost everyone noticed right away... and it smelled BAAAAD.

Farts were also provided as Mercy involuntarily lost control of her bowels... She just laid there and cried as the last few seconds of the game counted down to zero... Defense made an astounding hold!! But Mercy did not...

And her actions were well-rewarded as well as she was granted Play of the Game~ So that everyone, including her team and enemy team could get a nice long look at Mercy's huge rez and huge accident... The enemy team began to taunt her messy poo in the chat, and even a few of her teammates gave her a hard time, despite the game-winning rez (fuckin' pricks)...

But 76 and Rein still appreciated her work and tossed in their end-card likes... Overall, Mercy WAS quite satisfied with her work today. Now to just take a long hot shower and get out of these sticky tights... ... ...

*003*2017-05-16 22:35

{{7 hours ago, Big Boss said:

Now that was a great fic~!

}}

Thank you~<3

{{15 minutes ago, PrettyNice said:

That was actually pretty funny, nice writing

}}

Also thank you :3 Whenever I write something related to video games, I like combining in-universe logic with in-game mechanics. Gives it sort of a self-aware feel :P

