KDA's Discovery

Author: Renegaxze

*000*2021-08-14 20:49

Author's Note: Hey guys/girls. Not only is this my first story on this site, it's my first fanfic PERIOD. Apologies if it's not the best. Hope you enjoy!

Chapter 1: Walking in the Night

Living in New York has its ups and downs.

Evelynn needed a breath of fresh air. Being as popular and good looking as her, she expects many heads to turn her way. And of course, she always enjoys catching men (and women) staring at her ass. But after spending 6 hours walking around Times Square, even she got a bit tired of it. She turned around and noticed Ahri heading up the stairs.

“Eve? We’re turning in for the night.” Ahri said, turning to face the popstar. “You coming?”

“No, I think I’ll go on a walk first. I need to clear my mind.”

“Aww, did one to many men try to ask you out today?”

“Maybe,” Evelynn smirked, “Not that you’d know that feeling.”

“You don’t have to be so mean!”

Evelynn laughed. “Goodnight sweetheart!”

Ahri pouted as she continued up the stairs. Evelynn chuckled at her clever response and made her way to the door. As she did, she felt a strong twinge at her bladder. She hadn’t gone in the past 6 hours, and was beginning to get fairly desperate. I’ll be fine. I can hold it, she thought. She stepped outside and felt the night breeze against her face. Taking a deep breath, she walked down the driveway and turned onto the street.

As she walked, she thought back to the day’s events. In the evening, she and the girls had gone to Times Square for a bit of a “girls night out”. Being in Times Square, it didn’t take long before a group of girls recognized them. Thankfully, they were sure not to cause too much of a ruckus and not too much attention was attracted. As they talked, Evelynn's need for the restroom grew. She had neglected to use it before they left. By the time the fans left, Evelynn was ready to burst. She had suggested they head to H&M for some clothes shopping. As they entered the store, the girls all split up to search for different outfits.

Evelynn immediately searched for a restroom. As she reached one, she leaked a little in her panties. She rushed in and found an empty stall. As she entered, she yanked down her panties, sat down, and released hours worth of hot pee. As the golden liquid rushed out of her, Evelynn felt a vast amount of relief, and even got a bit turned at how good it felt. She let out a moan, not caring if anyone heard her. Eventually, her stream decreased in intensity, and died off. Slightly turned on, Evelynn rubbed her thighs together to relieve some tension, and pulled up her panties. After she exited the restroom, she searched for the rest of the group.

Evelynn continued to walk, the empty streets of Long Island with an occasional streetlamp provided a nice eerie background that she enjoyed. As she walked, her desperation increased. By this point, she was about half an hour away from the house. Evelynn was once again bursting at this point. On top of that, she felt a heavy movement in her bowels. Damn. I need to go. Can I even make it back in time? Evelynn thought. She was starting to get concerned, until she remembered her near-accident in Times Square earlier and how good it felt. Suddenly, a naughty smile creeped across her face. She stopped under a streetlight, grabbed herself and started doing a pee dance. At 2 AM, no one in the surrounding area was out or even awake at this point.

Evelynn essentially had the streets to herself. After holding herself for several minutes, Evelynn’s bladder couldn’t hold it in anymore, and she started to pee into her black panties. Evelynn sighed in relief as she pressed her legs together and felt the hot liquid run down them and into her high-heels. The warmth it provides was welcome during the chill October night. After several seconds, Evelynn squatted down, and her pee began to pool around her ass and soak the bottom of her skirt. Evelynn moaned with pleasure as her golden liquid formed a puddle underneath her on the sidewalk. Evelynn stood back up as her stream began to taper. She once again felt her piss run down her legs as her stream died off.

[messing warning]

Already aroused, Evelynn turned her attention to the other matter at hand. She began to push her solid waste out. Evelynn grunted from the effort, but she felt her anus expand as the head of a turd poked out. Breathing heavily, Evelynn hiked her soaked skirt up, and pushed again. Her turd pushed its way out of her anus and made contact with her panties, its slightly lumpy texture arousing her even more. As she pushed, Evelynn hunched over and grunted as the log pushed against her panties, tenting them outward until it finally snapped off her anus. Evelynn straightened herself out, but hunched over again as a second turd began to push itself out of her.

Evelynn moaned loudly as she pooped her panties on the street, her arousal reaching levels she’d never experienced before. After the second log ended, Evelynn was breathing heavily from the experience and her arousal. She stood there for a few moments before turning around to inspect her deed. Though she couldn’t get the clearest view, she could make out a lump in her panties a bit larger than her fist. With her mind in a horny frenzy, Evelynn placed her hand on the lump, and pressed on it. Evelynn shuttered as her mess began to press up her asscrack.

At this point, Evelynn was too turned on to walk back, so she took off her jacket and bra, exposing her breasts to the outside. She continued stripping until only her panties remained, and moved her hand under her panties and began slowly rubbing her pussy. Overcome with pleasure, Evelynn collapsed and lied down in her puddle, still furiously masturbating. The mess in her panties spread around her ass as she continued to pleasure herself. “F-fuck, I’m such a d-dirty s-slut,” Evelynn studdered, getting lost in her own pleasure.

With her free hand, Evelynn gave her exposed breast a squeeze, sending a shockwave of pleasure through her. Feeling an orgasm building up, Evelynn inserted 2 fingers into her pussy, and began pumping them in and out, causing her to moan loudly. Evelynn began breathing heavier as she got closer, and started fingering herself even harder. “Oh fuck! Oh fuck! I’M CUMMING!” Evelynn screamed in ecstasy as she reached her orgasm. Her body thrusted upward as she squirted her juices on the sidewalk.

As her orgasm faded, Evelynn collapsed back onto the sidewalk, panting as she lied there in her messy panties. After laying there for a few moments, Evelynn stood back up and removed her panties, taking her mess with them. Might as well walk back nude. Evelynn thought as she collected her clothes. It adds a nice thrill. Exposing her naked body to the world, Evelynn began to walk back to the house, smiling at the discovery she just made.

[To be continued]

*001*2021-08-27 17:53

Chapter 2: “Accident” at the Club

Akali was ready for some fun. After a long tour, all the girls were ready to wind down and have a good time. The night before, they had gone to Times Square for a shopping spree. This evening, they went for something simpler. They were walking to a local club near their mansion. Akali was just excited that the girls finally had some time to themselves. Akali just needed to pick an outfit. She decided on a pair of Adidas pants and a crop top/hoodie that she had just gotten the night before. She always liked wearing comfy clothes. When she finished, she looked in the mirror. Damn. Looking good ‘Kali, Akali thought to herself as she smirked. Afterwards, she decided to head downstairs to meet the girls.

“You ready to head out?” Ahri asked, a look of happy excitement spread across her face.

“Sure am,” Akali replied. The girls exited the house and traveled to the club, chatting about their previous tour along the way. Along the way, Akali realized something. She had forgotten to use the restroom before they left. No big deal. I’m sure they’ll have some there, Akali thought. As the girls walked through the town, Akali thought back to the evening before.

She had been clothes shopping with the girls in Times Square. Akali had just picked an outfit she liked. She wanted to look for the others to show them, when she spotted Evelynn. She was about to make her way over to her, when she noticed that she was walking briskly to the restroom. Concerned, Akali followed suit to make sure her friend was okay. When she entered though, she heard the sound of piss splattering in the toilet of one the stalls. Relieved, Akali turned to leave, when she heard a moan coming from the stall. Akali turned around. Only one of them was occupied. It had to be Evelynn. Then, Akali finally realized. Evelynn had been desperate for a piss. That's why she rushed into the bathroom. Evelynn moaned again. Akali began to blush. Clearly, her friend was enjoying herself. Akali slowly rubbed her crotch, getting turned on by the situation. Suddenly, she remembered where she was, and quickly exited the restroom so that Evelynn wouldn’t see her and get any ideas.

The girls arrived at the club and made their way over to the booth they reserved. Akali’s urge to pee had grown since they had left, but the incident at Times Square had her curious. She decided to hold it for now, and enjoy the club. The girls got some drinks. Akali got a Malibu and Sprite, which she quickly drank. The girls sat in their booth for a while, talking and drinking. Akali, for her part, had already downed 3 cocktails. It had been 2 hours since they arrived, and she was already starting to feel the effects on her bladder. Akali began to squirm a bit in her seat. Despite this, she started to get strangely excited. Then, the song “How You Like That” started playing. One of their favorites.

The girls walked over to the dance floor. The 4 of them knew the choreo by heart. Kai’Sa especially was an expert at dancing to other groups’ songs. As Akali danced, she felt her desperation increase. She wondered how much longer she would last at this rate. She’d rather not wet herself in the middle of a nightclub. As the song ended, the girls made their way back to their booth and ordered more drinks. As Akali drank another cocktail, she was reminded of her desperate need to pee. She again began squirming in her seat. Suddenly, she felt something fall against her shoulder. Startled, Akali let out a spurt of pee. She quickly grabbed herself and looked over. Ahri had passed out. The Kumiho always had the lowest alcohol tolerance of the 4 of them.

Evelynn burst out laughing. “Damn it Ahri, you really need to work on that you pussy!” Akali slowly moved over and let Ahri’s head lay on a cushion. As she became more desperate, she looked over to the bathroom. There, she discovered a line at least 15 people long. Not even worth it yet, she thought. I might as well wait. And so, Akali continued to sit at the booth, sipping a cocktail, squirming in her seat. On top of that, Akali felt a movement in her bowels. Now the ninja had to deal with two areas of desperation.

Of course, it’s not like Evelynn was oblivious to Akali’s predicament. After Kai’Sa had returned to the dance floor, she glanced over and saw the ninja popstar wriggling around in her seat. Evelynn smirked, deciding to mess with her bandmate. She moved over and pulled at Akali’s arm. “Come on ‘Kali, let’s dance,” she said. The ninja nervously looked over.

“Sorry Eve, but I’m not really up for that right now,”

“Come on! You know you want to,” Evelynn cooed. She took the opportunity to give Akali's crotch a light rub, causing the ninja to moan.

“A-ah, n-not right now Eve,” Akali stuttered as she began to blush.

“Suit yourself,” Evelynn shrugged as she got up and left for the dance floor.

Akali sighed as she squirmed in her seat. As she sipped her cocktail, her bladder reached a breaking point. She grabbed her crotch and rubbed her thighs together as her desperation increased. Just then, a cramp hit Akali’s stomach, causing her to hunch over. She again glanced over to the bathroom. The line was gone. Well, now’s as good a time as ever, she thought. She got up from the booth, leaving Ahri laying alone and made her way to the restroom. As she walked, another spurt escaped into her panties. She pushed open the door to the bathroom and quickly made her way over to a stall. Before she could open the door, she began leaking in her pants. “Shit shit shit shit shit,” Akali exclaimed as she desperately tried to open the door. After a bit of a struggle, Akali finally got the stall open and stepped inside.

After she closed the door behind her however, her bladder finally gave out. She began releasing a hot jet of pee into her white pants. Akali moaned as her stream ran down her legs and soaked her pants, the warm liquid providing her great pleasure. The overwhelming relief that washed over the ninja caused her to lean backwards onto the door behind her, causing her pee to soak her rear. I-I’m wetting myself like a little girl, Akali thought to herself. She knew she should be humiliated. But as the warm liquid ran down her legs, the ninja couldn’t help but enjoy herself. As her hot piss poured out of her, she placed her hand underneath her crotch and felt the pee warm her hand before falling to the floor beneath her. Akali shuddered at the feeling. After about a minute, her stream finally tapered off.

[messing warning]

But the ninja’s body wasn’t done. Another stomach cramp hit Akali, causing her to hunch over as a turd began to poke out of her anus. Akali began breathing heavily as her muscles pushed her log out of her and into her panties. The popstar moaned as her excrement continued pushing its way out of her anus, tenting her pants outward. And now I’m messing myself too. Fuck, I’m so dirty, thought the ninja as her arousal grew. As another log forced its way out of her, Akali brought her hand to her breast and gave it a light squeeze.

She moaned at the touch and began rubbing herself with her free hand. Akali masturbated as she continued to poop herself. As a third log began to force its way out, Akali brought her hand to her rear and felt the mess in her panties. She felt around her anus and found the new log emerging from within her. As she pushed, she gripped the log with one hand while rubbing her pussy with the other. The pleasure was overwhelming for the popstar. Finally, as the log ended, Akali cried out in pleasure as she climaxed, squirting into her already soaked pants.

Finally back to reality, Akali quickly removed her pants and dumped her mess in the toilet. After putting her pants back on and exiting the stall, Akali saw that she was still alone. No one else had entered the bathroom since she entered. That was good. Making her way back to the table, she saw Ahri still sleeping. The ninja knew she couldn’t stay here long without people noticing the piss stain on her pants. So she made her way to the dance floor where she found Evelynn. “Hey Eve, I’m headed home. I'm getting pretty tired."

"Really? That's unlike you. Normally you're the one we have to drag out."

"First of all, I really like partying. And second, I think I had a little too much to drink."

"Hm, fair enough," The succubus replied. "See you around,"

"Same. Oh, and don't forget Ahri, she's still fucking passed out."

The succubus laughed. "Oh don't worry, I won't forget our pet foxy!"

Akali smirked at this and walked away. On her way back, all she could think of was her accident. She knew it was childish. But it just felt so good. Hm. I'm gonna have to do this again sometime, thought the ninja. Akali smiled at this thought as she journeyed back home.

Author's note: Yeah I know these aren't Adidas. I don't care.

(Artwork by Yajuu)

*002*2021-08-28 15:27

Chapter 3: Home Experiment

As the sun rose over Long Island, Ahri awoke with a yawn. As she did, she clutched her head. She was terribly hungover. She looked around and realized she was back in her own room. “Ah fuck. Again?” the Kumiho exasperated. She really needed to learn how to pace herself at the club. Getting out of bed, Ahri decided to put on a fresh t-shirt and a pair of denim shorts. She exited the room to get herself some water to help with her hangover. As she entered the kitchen, Ahri found Kai’Sa already there making breakfast for the girls. “Morning Kai,” Ahri croaked, still a bit drowsy.

“Morning Ahri. You feeling alright?”

“Yeah, I’m still a bit hung from last night.”

“Oh yeah I remember that! You were passed out cold at the club!”

“Thanks for reminding me.”

“The food’s almost ready. Seeing as you’re up first, you’ll get first dibs.”

The kumiho gave the dancer a thank you and poured herself a glass of water. As she drank up, she thought back to the night before. She remembered drinking 2 or 3 cocktails and a few shots of tequila. She also remembered dancing to Blackpink with the girls, and then pretty much nothing after that. Ahri sighed at the fact that she missed half the night. Maybe I’ll sneak in some iced coffee next time, she thought. As Ahri downed her second glass of water though, she was reminded of something quite important. She hadn’t used the bathroom since last night, and her bladder was feeling the effects. She was about to walk off to use it when she heard:

“Ahri! Breakfast is ready!”

“Be right there!” Ahri called back to the dancer. Her bladder could wait. The kumiho was hungry. Ahri made her way over to the dining room where a plate of bacon and eggs waited for her. The popstar immediately sat down and started scarfing it down. Moments later, she heard footsteps coming down the stairs. The others were finally up.

“Good morning darlings,” Evelynn cooed in a seductive tone.

“Morning bitches,” said Akali. The ninja was as sassy as ever.

“Morning,” Ahri replied. At the sight of her, Akali grinned.

“Why hello “Mrs low tolerance,”

Evelynn laughed, “Oh my God! You were out for at least an hour and a half back there! Me and Kai had to carry you back!”

Ahri pouted. “Why are you guys so mean?”

The girls joined Ahri around the table. As they ate, Ahri’s bladder reminded her of her needs. The kumiho crossed her legs under the table. She was reminded of something else though. As the ninja ate across from her, Ahri remembered something from the club. At some point, she had briefly regained consciousness from within the booth. She was too out of it to lift her head, but she vaguely remembered Akali walking back to get her things. At the time, Ahri just assumed that she got tired and wanted to head off to bed. But as the ninja got closer, she barely made out a dark stain on the front of her pants. Akali had pissed herself. Realizing what had happened, Ahri closed her eyes and pretended to be asleep in order to spare the ninja the embarrassment. She heard the ninja collect her purse and wallet. Before Akali left however, Ahri managed to make out something she was saying.

“You know Ahri? You may be passed out drunk, but at least you didn’t piss and shit yourself,” The ninja giggled. “Honestly, you missed out.” Ahri knew the ninja was just muttering to herself. She was probably even more drunk than the Kumiho. But Ahri couldn’t help but feel shocked. One of her bandmates had wet and crapped herself. And based on her tone of voice, probably enjoyed it too. Ahri couldn’t spend much thinking about it though, as her sleep once again took hold.

Ahri pandered her thoughts of the experience more as she sipped some coffee Kai’Sa had poured for her. Had Akali really enjoyed her accident that much? If she had, then why? As the Kumiho’s desperation grew, so did her curiosity. She decided she would hold it in a bit longer. Though her alcohol tolerance was low, Ahri had a decently strong bladder. She figured she could hold it in for another 2 hours.

As the girls finished their breakfast, Akali and Evelynn got up. “Well, we’re off. Eve wants to take me shopping at the Gucci Store nearby.”

“Dear, if you wanna look nice in public, you have to look for the expensive clothing.”

“As long as it’s comfy.”

As Evelynn and Akali left, Kai’Sa got up as well. “I should get going too. Central Park is a ways away, and I still have to go for my run. Will you be fine on your own?”

“I’ll be fine. I need more time to recover anyways,” Ahri replied.

“See you around then!”

Ahri blew the dancer a kiss as she walked out the door. Being the tidy one of the group, she decided to clean up a bit. She collected all the dirty dishes and put them in the dishwasher, which she then started. Then, she wiped down the table, and arranged the chairs. When she was done, Ahri breathed a sigh of relief. Just then however, she felt a strong twinge at her bladder. She was getting more desperate by the minute. She was about to run to the bathroom when she remembered her experiment. Instead, Ahri walked back up to her room. There, she decided to watch “Kingdom: Legendary War''.

Her favorite boy groups, Stray Kids and Ateez, were performing this week, and she didn’t want to miss it. As she turned on the TV, Stray Kids was already getting ready to perform. Ahri squealed with excitement as they took the stage. They performed a mashup of their songs “Side Effects” and “God’s Menu”. Ahri was left in awe of the story of their performance as well as their use of props. After their performance, Ahri decided to get herself another glass of water. As she returned to her room with her water in hand, she felt movement in her bowels. She was getting desperate in more ways than one now. Ahri grabbed herself and did a brief pee-dance, before sitting back down in her bed.

It was Ateez’s turn to perform now. Ahri watched in amazement as they performed a re-arrangement of their hit “Wonderland”. Ahri forgot about her desperation during the stage, until they sprayed water at the end of the performance. This caused Ahri to leak a little in her panties. Startled, Ahri shoved her hand onto her crotch in desperation. She wouldn’t last much longer. Wanting to push herself more, Ahri gulped down the last of her water as the last group of the day, SF9, began their performance. Ahri watched as they began their hot, seductive performance of their song “Now or Never”. After watching the stage, Ahri found herself oddly attracted to all of the members of the group. Now I know why Evelynn likes them so much, Evelynn thought to herself.

After the performance, Ahri turned off the TV. Just then, Ahri felt her anus widen. Her bowels were giving in. The Kumiho quickly clenched her ass shut, but in her effort to do so, her piss started to leak out of her bladder. Knowing that she couldn't hold it in anymore, Agri quickly ran to her bathroom, grabbed a pair of towels, ran back into the bedroom, and set the towels on the floor. Standing atop the towels, Ahri's bladder gave out, and she began peeing full force in her denim shorts. The Kumiho sighed as her pee soaked her legs and ran into the towel below. The relief felt amazing to the popstar, and it was only made better by the feeling of her hot piss running down her legs. Ahri moaned loudly as her pee continued to flow into her shorts, the denim material becoming soaked with her liquid. After about a minute, the popstar's stream tapers off. Ahri made sure that every last spurt of piss was emptied into her shorts.

As she admired the traces of her accident on the towels below her, Ahri's anus once again widend. This time, she made no attempt to stop it. A thick log slowly emerged from her bowels and gradually pushed into her panties. As her anus stretched, Ahri once again moaned as she felt her log push its way out of her. The lumpy texture of the turd turned the Kumiho on a lot. She hunched over and grunted as her shorts began to form a bulge from her excrement. As Ahri continued to poop her panties, she felt more movement in her bowels. A wetter mess was coming.

Finally, the end of her log snapped off her anus and rested in her panties. Ahri admired the bulge behind her. She figured it must be double the size of her hand. Just then, her bowels erupted. A wet, brown sludge began to pour out of her and into her shorts. Ahri stuck her tongue out and moaned as she pooped in her shorts. The sludge turned into a full liquid as it shot out of her ass. Her diarrhea stained the back of her shorts brown as it ran down her bag legs into the towel.

Finally, the torrent ended, and Ahri was left panting with her tongue out. To horny to think straight, the Kumiho unbuttoned her shorts and immediately drove her hand to her pussy. Ahri's horniness shifted to overdrive as she rapidly began fingering herself. As she masturbated, Ahri layed down on her towel. She felt her poop spread around her asscheeks, providing a warm cushion for her rear. As the popstar approached her orgasm, she felt around the back of her shorts with her free hand. She shuddered as she pressed down and massaged her ass, spreading her mess around even more. Finally, Ahri climaxed. She screamed with pleasure as her juice shot out of her pussy and into her soaked, dirty panties.

For a while after, Ahri layed there, catching her breath. That was the best thing she had experienced outside her career. After about 10 minutes, Ahri slowly got up and removed her clothes. She dumped her mess in the toilet, and her clothes in a basket. She knew the brown stain on her denim shorts probably wouldn't come off. But she could still use them again if she felt like messing herself again. Now completely naked, Ahri faced her rear towards the mirror and looked over her shoulder. To no surprise, her ass was filthy, with some remnants of her poop still clinging to her. Seeing this, Ahri slowly wiggled her ass from side to side and gave it a good smack. She giggled as she saw her hand imprinted in her own filth. Satisfied, she stepped into her shower and turned the water on. As she washed herself, Ahri smiled as she wondered if she could convince one of her bandmates to do this with her.

Author's note: I really hope some of you guys are into Kpop. Otherwise I'm gonna look like such a nerd for this chapter.

(Artwork by Yajuu)

*003*2021-08-29 06:05

Chapter 4: A Runner's High

It’s the perfect day for this.

That’s the thought that ran through Kai’Sa’s mind as she rode the train through Long Island. It’s what she did any morning she had the time. She would head to Central Park for her run. She loved the feeling of running through nature in the middle of the largest city in America. The thrill it provided was perfect for her exercise. At Penn Station, Kai’Sa exited the train and made her way to the subway. It would still be a while before she got to Central Park. While she rode the Metro, Kai’Sa set her playlist for her run. She selected various Kpop songs from their own group as well as others: Stray Kids, Ateez, (G)I-dle, and Dreamcatcher. As Kai’Sa exited the Metro station, she felt the warm rays of sunlight fall on her skin. That, combined with the cool breeze brought a smile to the dancer’s face. It really was a good day today.

Kai’Sa walked the last few minutes to her starting location. She always began her run in the same spot in the park. It was an intersection between 2 paths next to the park’s lake. When she arrived, Kai’Sa took off the daypack she had on her back. she looked around. There was no one else around. Good. Seeing this, Kai’Sa began to pull her shirt off. Since she wasn’t wearing a bra, as she pulled her shirt over her head, her breasts became exposed to the outside.

Afterwards, the dancer removed her pants, revealing her beautiful shaven pussy. Kai’Sa rarely wore underwear. She found them to be restraining her movements whenever she danced. So, she just never wore them. After basking in the nude for a few moments, Kai’Sa put on her running clothes. A cropped shirt and her running shorts, all black. She put her other clothes in her bag, which she then slung on her back. Before she could start running, the dancer felt her bowels shift. She had pissed earlier that day, but that was 3 hours ago. On top of that, Kai’Sa hadn’t shit since yesterday.

The popstar chose to ignore it for now though. She was eager to get going. She hit play on her playlist, and began to run. Her route took her a full loop around the park, while adding a few twists, turns, and detours. It all totaled around 10 miles, so it would take her around an hour and a half to complete. It was still 8:00 in the morning, so the park wasn't that busy just yet.

As she ran, the dancer took in the gorgeous views around her. Different trees, birds, and other wildlife flew in and out of view. All the while, she was smack dab in the middle of a massive city. As she ran by them, Kai'Sa glanced at the towering skyscrapers near Central Park. As (G)I-dle's song "Hwaa" played in her ears, Kai'Sa grinned. This was the life. As she ran though, her need for the toilet gradually became more apparent. She felt her solid waste moving through her. Kai'Sa didn't care though. She was in the zone. Besides, there was a bathroom by the end of her route. She was confident she could hold it until then.

After a while, Kai'Sa passed by the zoo. It was still early, but the dancer could make out a few animals that were already out. The tigers, elephants, and grizzly bears through a thin line of trees. As she ran past, she felt her bladder filling up. She was going to need to pee within the next couple hours. Kai'Sa brushed it off though. One of her favorite songs had just started playing. It was "Scream" by Dreamcatcher. Being a rather fast-paced song, the popstar found it perfect for running. As the dancer ran past the southern end of the park, her need to poop grew. Her stomach rumbled as her waste rushed through her insides. Kai'Sa still wasn't too worried about it. She knew she could still finish her run before anything happened. As she rounded the corner onto the western perimeter, a small group of fans called out to her.

"Hey Kai'Sa!" They yelled out to her, clearly elated to run into the popstar. Kai'Sa grinned and waved in response. It was always nice to bump into fans. Under normal circumstances, she would've stopped and talked with them. But the dancer was too focused at the moment. Once she started her run, she was determined to finish it. After all, that mentality is what keeps her in shape. As she ran, the popstar's need for the toilet grew. She felt her waste sitting in her rectum, waiting to be released. Checking her FidBit, Kai'Sa realized she had past the halfway point of her run. She continued past monuments and fountains all while getting increasingly desperate. Though, this only added to the thrill of her run. It pushed her to finish faster so she could get to the bathroom quicker. The dancer smiled as she picked up her pace.

As the minutes went by though, her body began to betray her. As she ran up the western perimeter, her bowels rumbled as a more liquid waste ran through them. This was a bit of an issue because Kai'Sa now knew that she would most likely have to stop at some point for a bathroom. Oh well, can't win 'em all, she thought as she continued her pace. As the popstar approached the northwestern corner of the park, she entered "North Woods", which was the park's wooded area. As her desperation grew, Kai'Sa knew there was a bathroom in about a mile. All she needed was around 12 minutes. As she past through the woods though, a stomach cramp hit the dancer, she stopped and hunched over. The dancer panicked. All she needed was a few more minutes and she would reach a toilet.

[messing warning]

As Kai'Sa stood there, she suddenly felt her anus widen. The popstar panicked as she desperately tried to clench it shut, but It did no good. Kai'Sa quickly looked around. There was no one around. The dancer squatted down, but before she could pull her pants down, her bowels began to blow out its load. Kai'Sa let out a loud fart as runny, brown excrement poured out of her ass and into her shorts. The popstar gasped as she tried hard to stop herself, but failed. Knowing the battle was lost, she allowed the contents of the bowels to be emptied into her black shorts.

As she squatted, she felt her diarrhea continue to shoot out of her, dripping down the back of her shorts. Kai'Sa had to admit, even though she was having a childish accident, it felt amazing to finally release her load after holding it in for so long. Another wave hit her. This time, it was thicker, almost like sludge. The dancer moaned as she emptied herself into her shorts. The sticky feeling of her waste was strangely arousing to her. After another spurt of diarrhea, the dancer felt her anus widen again. A solid turd began to force its way out. Kai'Sa let it. Her shorts were already dirty anyway. The log tented her black shorts outward as it pushed its way out of her.

"O-oh, I-I'm so b-bad. I'm p-pooping myself l-like a naughty b-itch," Kai'Sa stuttered as the turd slowly passed through her anus. The dancer was getting turned on. There she was, on the side of the path, pooping in her shorts for anyone who walked past to see. But, there wasn't anyone walking past. The popstar was alone in this area of the park, and she knew it. Finally, the turd snapped off her anus and came to rest in a pile of excrement in her shorts. Kai'Sa looked behind her at the bulge. Over a day's worth of shit was now either in her shorts, or on the ground beneath her.

The dancer allowed herself to sit in the middle of the path. She felt her waste spread around her butt and up her crack, providing a warm cushion for the popstar. As she sat, she was reminded of her bladder's need to release as well. Taking a deep breath, Kai'Sa let go and allowed herself to pee in her already dirty shorts. As she peed, The dancer squeezed her legs together and allowed the liquid to pool around her crotch. Kai'Sa giggled as her piss continued flowing freely out of her, forming a puddle around the popstar. After about 20 seconds, her bladder finished emptying its contents, and the dancer shook the last droplets of pew free.

Now unimaginably turned on, Kai'Sa pulled her shirt and shorts off, her while mess still clinging to her butt, and started fiercely masturbating. The dancer rubbed herself hard, not caring that she was in the middle of a path and that anyone could see the naughty act if they so happened to walk by. None of that mattered to her at the moment. With her free hand, Kai'Sa gave her left breast a squeeze. She moaned as pleasure rocked through her. It didn't take long before the popstar came. Her cum splashed out of her pussy onto the path. But the dancer wasn't done. She spent the next 5 minutes masturbating. She came repeatedly, squirting vast amounts of vaginal liquid into the pavement. By the time she was finished, Kai'Sa was left laying naked in a pool of piss and cum about 2 feet across. Suddenly, the popstar heard faint voices approaching.

Snapping back to reality, the dancer quickly grabbed her clothes and hid behind a bush without even putting them on. Kai'Sa waited as the voices drew ever closer until eventually, they past by, not even taking notice to the dancer's puddle, probably mistaking it for a spilled water bottle. Breathing a sigh of relief, the popstar emerged from her hiding spot and went back to the middle of the path. Using her shorts, she peeled her poop off of her ass and let it fall off the side of the path. She then put her shorts back on, not wanting to get her normal pants dirty. Plus, she didn't mind running in wer clothes. After putting her shirt on, Kai'Sa went on her way. She was only a few minutes away from the bathrooms. There, she could get herself somewhat cleaned up. Smiling at her accident, the dancer continued her run, knowing she'd do this again

Author's note: Some of you may remember in Chapter 1 I said it was October. After reading this chapter, you may say, "How can it be warm in October?"

Welcome to New York.

(Artwork by Yajuu)

*004*2021-08-31 03:20

Chapter 5: Seducing the Seducer

There were few things Ahri loved more than a nice shower to wash herself. Especially after her “accident”, the hot water felt exquisit to the Kumiho. After she stepped out, Ahri grabbed a towel from the bathroom door and quickly dried herself off. She put on a pair of white panties, some black leggings, and a sleeveless black crop top. As she made her way downstairs, the popstar heard the doorbell ring. She smiled. The others were back. She opened the door and was greeted by Evelynn and Akali, who were both wearing brand new designer clothes and purses.

“You guys look stunning!” Ahri squealed.

“It’s amazing what $4,000 can buy you in the world of fashion,” Evelynn replied with a smirk.

“You like the drip?” Akali asked excitedly.

“I doubt you’ve ever looked better ‘Kali,” Ahri answered

“Thanks. Now I’ve got to run. I have to show Kai this! Thanks again Eve!”

“Anytime Darling,”

With that, the ninja bolted back out the door, which Evelynn closed behind her. “So what have you been up to?” asked the succubus.

“I watched the new episode of ‘Kingdom’.

“And?”

“Let’s just say I now know why you love SF9 so much.”

“I told you. They really make you feel ‘some type of way’ don’t they?

“Absolutely,”

Ahri and Evelynn would spend the next few hours gossiping about the groups on Kingdom. Which of the members they thought had the best singing voice, the best rapper, and the best looking. As the hours went by, the sun began to set.

“Hey Eve, where do you think Kai and ‘Kali are?”

“Knowing that ninja, she probably dragged Kai right back to the city for a night out. I wouldn’t worry.”

“I never said I was worried,”

Which was true. Ahri knew those two well. With how strong they both were, they would be fine. As the sun finished setting, the girls finished eating dinner. After they finished, the girls watched some TV. For the next couple hours, the two sang karaoke. It was one of the two vocalists’ hobbies. After a while, the two popstars decided to get ready for bed. Ahri went up to her bathroom and washed her face. As she finished though, she heard the front door close. Thinking Kai’Sa and Akali had returned home, Ahri went down to greet them. However, the kumiho grew confused when she didn’t see them at the entrance. Ahri decided to peek out the window to see if Evelynn had exited instead. Sure enough, the succubus had walked down the driveway and had turned onto their street. Curious, the kumiho decided to follow suit.

She quietly opened the door and slipped out of the house. Making sure to be as stealthy as she could, Ahri had worn one of her pairs of sneakers to minimize her noise. She followed behind Evelynn for about a minute and a half down their street before the succubus reached a corner, at which, she turned left. As she rounded the corner though, Ahri found Evelynn standing no more than 10 feet away with her back facing the kumiho. Ahri quickly ducked behind the bush on the corner and slowly peaked her head around.

It may have been dark out, but Ahri had near-perfect dark vision. She watched as the succubus looked around, seemingly checking to see if anyone else was around. What Evelynn did next shocked the kumiho. Ahri watched as Evelynn lifted her skirt up and let out a sigh, beginning to pee in her panties. The popstar watched as her sexy friend released the contents of her bladder out in the open, getting more turned on by the second. Ahri slowly brought her hand to her crotch as the succubus continued to pee in her panties.

To Evelynn, all she experienced was bliss. She loved the feeling of her golden piss running down her legs. Plus, she'd held it in all day, so the relief was simply wonderful. After a while, the popstar squatted down and allowed her piss to wet her skirt. Evelynn moaned as her pee began to pool around her ass before dripping into her skirt. Around 30 seconds later, her stream ended, and the succubus was left incredibly satisfied. And based on the faint moan of a certain kumiho, someone else was too. Evelynn smirked.

Ahri quickly clasped her hand over her mouth. She had gotten too caught up in her own pleasure that she had forgotten to stay silent. Hopefully, her friend didn't hear her…

"You can come out Darling! Don't be shy!"

Damn it.

Ahri slowly creeped out from behind her bush. "O-Oh. H-Hey Eve. I-I d-didn't m-mean to…

"Shhhhh. Oh Darling. I know why you're here. Your moans said it all," Evelynn cooed as she walked toward the kumiho. Even in the dark, she could see Ahri's cheeks turn red. "It's ok Sweetie. We all have our needs," she continued as she slowly stroked Ahri's crotch, causing her to moan. "Now. Mama Eve has some other 'business' to attend to. Care to watch?" The kumiho was silent. I'm guessing that's a yes.

Ahri looked on with intent as the succubus lifted her skirt up to reveal a pair of purple laced panties. She watched as Evelynn bent forward slightly and let out a small grunt. Over the sound of crickets in the night, Ahri could still make out a faint crackling noise as the succubus began to poop in her panties. The fox girl watched as a bulge appeared on the rear of her friend's underwear, the succubus moaning as she defecated. The bulge grew larger and larger until finally, Evelynn exhaled sharply and breathed heavily, signaling her log had ended. By this point, Ahri had once again started rubbing herself, unable to contain her arousal. Evelynn grinned.

"Not yet Darling," The succubus teased. "Come. Let's go somewhere a bit more cozy."

With that, Evelynn began to lead Ahri back to the house. As the kumiho walked behind, she became hypnotized as her friend swayed her waste-filled ass side to side. It took all of the popstar's willpower to not pin Evelynn down and start eating her pussy. Instead, she reached out and felt the bulge on her friend's panties. She shivered at the feeling of the succubus's defecation behind the fabric. Evelynn grinned in front of her, happy she found a new way to turn her friend on.

After they reached their house, Evelynn led Ahri up to her room. The kumiho was desperately horny at this point, and the succubus knew it. After the pair entered Evelynn's room and closed the door, Ahri immediately groped her friend's ass and felt around the bulge. After this, she placed one hand above Evelynn's crotch and kept the other on the bulge. Then, she began to compress the bulge into Evelynn's butt. The succubus moaned as she felt her mess spread up her asscheeks. Afterwards, Evelynn sat down on her bed, feeling her poop spread even more. Ahri was still incredibly horny. There was one thing she needed though.

"Eve, I need to go to the bathroom."

"It's right over there."

Ahri grabbed a towel. "I never said I was using a toilet."

"That's a good girl."

Ahri gave her friend a sly smile as she relaxed her bladder and began peeing in her leggings. The kumiho sighed as her hot piss ran down her legs, wetting the material of her leggings. Evelynn watched as her foxy friend wet herself in front of her, which really turned her on. Copying Evelynn, Ahri squatted down and let her pee soak her butt with its warm wetness. While doing this, Ahri stuck her hand in her panties and felt her stream splash against it at full force. The kumiho shuddered at this feeling and brought her hand up and enveloped it in her mouth. She tasted her fresh piss on her tongue. It was salty, but not unbearable. Eventually, her stream died down, and Ahri was left squatting on a pee-soaked towel.

"Good girl, Ahri," cooed the succubus. "Now, why don't you make a mess in those pretty leggings too?"

"I already went earlier. I've got nothing left." As she finished that sentence though, she felt her bowels rumble. How? I let out so much earlier!

Evelynn let out a chuckle. "Oh sweetie. Are you sure about that?" Ahri looked at the succubus as she held up a bottle of laxatives.

"You bitch."

"I know."

Ahri smirked as her insides rumbled. She must've tainted my food while I wasn't looking. That sick demon. Just then, a stomach cramp hit the kumiho, causing her to hunch over. Ahri began to moan as she felt pressure build up in her rear. Evelynn gave a sexy smile as her friend's bowels gave out in front of her. Ahri let out a long fart before her bowels released their liquid contents into her leggings. The kumiho stuck her tongue out and moaned loudly as her diarrhea shot out of her ass and ran down her legs. The whole display was extremely hot to Evelynn, who slipped 2 fingers into her pussy and started masturbating as she watched her friend shit herself.

As Ahri’s torrent ended, she felt a more solid log poke out her anus. Ahri let out a grunt as the turd pushed into her soiled leggings. Evelynn began fingering herself faster as she watched a bulge grow in the kumiho’s black leggings. She felt an orgasm quickly approaching. As Ahri’s log snapped off her anus, she heard Evelynn scream in ecstasy. She looked up and saw the succubus’s pussy releasing a clear fluid. In response, the kumiho crawled over to her friend, and started licking the sweet juices off her shaven vagina. Evelynn however, pushed her back, shaking her finger at her.

“Not yet Sweetheart,” the succubus said. “ Let’s get you cleaned up first.” Evelynn led her friend to her bathroom, where both popstars stripped naked and stepped inside the succubus’s double shower. The two idols spent the next 15 minutes making out and lathering each other’s bodies in soap, cleaning the excess mess from their “session” off. After they finished, they each grabbed a towel to dry themselves off. They didn’t bother putting on any clothes, since they both knew what came next. The idols made their way to Evelynn’s bed where Ahri climbed in and spread her legs open. The succubus wasted no time and bent down and started licking the kumiho’s pussy. Ahri moaned as Evelynn’s tongue masterfully traced circles around her entrance. She began squeezing her breasts as the succubus ate her out.

It wasn’t long before the kumiho felt her nether regions tense up, before crying out in pleasure and splashing cum in her friend’s face. Ahri collapsed backwards onto the bed, her head hitting a pillow behind her. Evelynn gave her friend a moment to catch her breath before climbing in the bed with her and bringing her crotch right up to Ahri’s mouth. The popstar didn’t hesitate to bring the succubus down on her and started sucking her clit. Evelynn let out a moan as the kumiho drove her tongue deep inside her. Ahri began working the succubus’s pussy with her fingers, inserting her pointer finger deep into her core. Evelynn threw her head back and moaned as her friend’s fingers triggered another orgasm. As she came, she released a torrent of fluid into Ahri’s awaiting open mouth. The kumiho licked the excess juices off her lips, tasting the sweet flavor of her Evelynn's sex. The succubus gave a sly grin. "I assume you're gonna spend the night with me?

Ahri gave the succubus an enticing look. "Yeah. I guess I am." Evelynn smiled as she crawled up next to the kumiho and pulled the covers over them.

"Goodnight Darling."

(Artwork by Yajuu)

*006*2021-10-11 00:12

Thanks! I’m working on the next chapter now. It’s a long one.

*007*2021-12-15 03:52

Chapter 6: "Accidents" in Public

Kai’Sa breathed a sigh of relief. It had been quite a morning for her. Her accident still fresh on her mind, the popstar exited the park, slinging her bag behind her back. She had spent the last half hour in the bathroom cleaning herself the best she could. It wasn’t easy, but eventually, the dancer had cleaned most of the dirt off herself. Following this, Kai’Sa threw her soiled shorts in the trash. She could get new ones later. The popstar made her way to the subway station to start heading home. All she wanted at the moment was a shower.

[meanwhile]

Akali was psyched. She’d never looked this good before. The rapper looked down at her outfit. She had picked out a black leather jacket, a white Gucci t-shirt, and black leggings with a flower design on the bottom. She boarded the train to Penn Station with excitement. She couldn’t wait to show Kai’Sa. As the train made its way to the city, Akali texted Kai’Sa to meet her at Penn Station. During the ride, the popstar got more than a few compliments from other passengers about her outfit. Akali beamed the whole journey.

Meanwhile, Kai’Sa had just arrived at Penn Station when she received Akali’s text. As much as she wanted to get home for a shower, the dancer wasn’t about to leave her friend hanging. She was mostly clean anyways. After about 20 minutes Akali’s train arrived. Akali walked out of the train, spotted Kai’Sa, and made her way over. The dancer lit up as soon as she saw her.

“Woah, ‘Kali, you look clean!”

“Just got this ‘fit earlier. You like it?”

“Hell yeah I do!”

Akali struck a cool pose in front of Kai’Sa to show off a bit more, causing the dancer to go wide-eyed and continue gushing over her. The rapper then grabbed her friend’s hand and led her out of the station.

“Um, ‘Kali? You know I just ran, right? I should probably shower.”

“Nah, you’ll be fine. Come on, let’s have some fun!”

Akali and Kai’Sa made their way into Midtown Manhattan for lunch. After which, the two found a hotel in Times Square and booked a room for the night. After the two dropped their things off, Kai’Sa began to pull off her shirt. “What are you up to Kai?” asked the rapper.

“Oh, I’m just about to have a shower,” replied the dancer. “I feel like I need one before we do anything else.”

“I guess. Hey, didn’t you bring shorts with you earlier?”

“Yeah. Why?”

“Where are they? They aren’t in your bag.”

“Oh, u-um…”

The rapper smirked, beginning to put 2 and 2 together. “Kai, did something happen earlier that you aren’t telling me?”

Kai’Sa’s face quickly turned red. “W-what do you m-mean?”

“You normally never stress this much about having a shower. What’s going on?” Akali asked the now topless dancer. Though, she was pretty sure she already knew the answer.

Kai’Sa stuttered, “Well, I-I m-might have had a b-bit of an a-accident while r-running earlier a-and…”

Akali gave a sly smile and shushed the dancer. “Shh, don’t sweat it. Shit happens ok? Plus, it felt amazing, didn’t it?”

The dancer blushed furiously, “I-I guess, yeah. But s-still…”

“Pushing all of that out of you into your shorts. And out in public too? Girl, that must’ve been incredible.”

Kai’Sa blushed even harder, recalling her arousal from earlier. “You’re not disgusted with me?”

The rapper shook her head with a grin, “Kai, don’t sweat it. I had an accident last night at the club.”

“So THAT’S why you left early!”

Akali nodded. Her friend seeming to finally calm down from her embarrassment. “Now, go get yourself all clean. We have quite the night ahead of us.

As Kai’Sa showered, Akali laid down on the bed and thought about what the dancer had just revealed. She imagined her friend jogging in the park, becoming increasingly desperate with each passing moment. The rapper yanked her pants down and started rubbing herself, getting lost in her thoughts. She thought of Kai’Sa slowly losing control as she ran, stopping occasionally to hold herself. Akali slipped two fingers inside herself and started pumping them in and out at a brisk pace, moaning while doing so. She imagined the dancer finally giving out and releasing a jet of pee into her shorts. At the same time, squatting down and releasing the contents of her bowels, all while in plain sight.

“A-Ah… f-fuck… AHHHHHHH!!!” the rapper screamed as she orgasmed, her body arching back as pleasure rocked through her. As Akali’s mind slowly returned to reality, she turned her head and noticed Kai’Sa standing at the entrance hall naked, slowly rubbing her clit while moaning quietly. The rapper smirked and gave a wave. “Did you enjoy the show?”

Kai'Sa smiled, “I forgot how sexy you looked ‘Kali,”

“Right back at you,” replied Akali, getting up from the bed. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ll give you a bit of an encore.”

Kai’Sa watched as her friend kicked off her pants, pulled off her shirt, and walked over to the bathroom. The pair walked in where the rapper in one swift motion jumped backwards onto the sink and landed in a squatting position, her pussy facing the dancer. Akali smiled, “Now watch.”

Kai’Sa watched as Akali let out a sigh and began peeing into the sink, the golden liquid splashing against the white surface below. The popstar moaned as her piss continued to pour out of her. The dancer, getting increasingly turned on by the display, began lightly pinching her nipples, sending light shockwaves of pleasure through her body. After around 15 seconds, Akali’s stream died off, and the ninja hopped down from the counter. “Now it’s your turn,” she said.

Kai’Sa, who hadn’t peed in the shower, wanting to do something more exotic, grabbed a nearby stepping stool about a foot tall and placed it in front of the sink. Already naked, the dancer climbed onto the stool, and placed one of her feet on the counter while keeping the other one on the stool, angling herself to face Akali, who was impressed by her friend’s flexibility. All set up, Kai’Sa relaxed her muscles and allowed her pee to flow freely from her pussy. For a moment, her stream splashed directly onto the countertop, but the dancer managed to use her fingers to guide her stream into the sink. Akali, feeling horny, walked over to the sink and placed her hand in her friend’s stream. She shuddered as she felt Kai’Sa’s piss platter on her fingers, dripping off into the sink below. The dancer grinned as her stream lost its strength and her remaining piss spilled onto the floor. “I guess I have a slight cleanup to do,” she said.

“I’ll handle it. You get dressed.”

As Kai’Sa walked out, Akali grabbed some paper towels and wiped her friend’s urine off the floor and sink counter, leaving one spot. Leaning over, she licked the remainder of the dancer's piss off the counter, the salty taste entering her mouth. She shuddered at the naughty act and exited the bathroom, noticing that her dancer friend was lying on the bed, still naked.

“Are you just gonna stay like that all day?”

“For now at least.”

Smirking, Akali, also without clothes, climbed onto the bed with her. The two popstars would spend the majority of their day gossiping, watching TV, and occasionally touching each other, each of them orgasming more than once. Hours later, it began to get dark out, and the two popstars wandered off to get some dinner. Dressed in their new clothes, Akali and Kai’Sa walked 20 minutes to a nearby Japanese restaurant and placed their orders. Around this time, both girls began to notice a renewed need to piss. Kai’Sa spoke up first.

“You need to piss don’t you?”

“Kinda. You too?

“Yep,” Kai’Sa giggled. She knew her friend had the same idea that she did. Neither of them were using the bathroom until after they left the restaurant. As their appetizers arrived, her desperation still wasn’t that bad. She figured she had another 2 hours left before she wet herself. Not that she would mind if she did, of course.

Meanwhile, Akali wasn’t very desperate either, but the need was still there. She rubbed her thighs together, letting out a soft moan. She so badly wanted to just start rubbing her clit right then and there, it took all of her willpower to restrain herself.

After around an hour, the girls finished their meals, and returned to their hotel room. Their desperation levels had increased significantly, but neither seemed interested in using the restroom quite yet. Akali had also felt movement in her bowels, choosing to ignore them for the time being. Instead, the girls changed into more casual clothes. Akali put on a large, baggy black t-shirt, and opted not to wear anything besides her panties below her waist, her shirt covering her hip line. Kai’Sa chose to wear a white crop top, thin black sweatpants, and a green hoodie. Afterwards, the pair decided to walk around Times Square. Akali wanted to check out the Nintendo Store. As she walked, she felt her desperation in her bladder increase, she figured she had another 40 minutes before she lost control. Not a lot of time, but enough. Her bowels however, had different ideas. As they shifted, Akali guessed she had maybe another half hour before they gave out.

Kai’Sa however, was slowly reaching her breaking point. As they entered the store, she subtly held her crotch, trying to ease the pressure. She knew she didn’t have long before she lost it. Maybe 20 minutes. That didn’t matter to her though. She knew she was going to wet herself. Hell, she wanted to wet herself. Just not inside a store filled with expensive gaming equipment. As she pondered the thought, she and Akali stepped into the elevator. As they were riding, Akali smirked and briefly lifted her shirt, exposing her gray panties to the dancer. Kai’Sa blushed at the naughty act of her friend exposing herself in a public store, even if nobody else saw it. After the girls made their way upstairs, Akali found the Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Demo. “Hey Kai’, wanna race?”

The dancer grinned, “You won’t beat me this time.”

Four minutes later, Akali was celebrating her first place finish, while Kai’Sa pouted at having come in fifth, behind 3 random NPCs. Having had her fun, the dancer was about to congratulate her friend when suddenly, her desperation surged, causing her to briefly leak into her panties. She instinctively grabbed her crotch and managed to hold back a torrent. At least, for now. It would be any moment now when her bladder would give out no matter what.

Seeing her friend’s predicament and being just about to make a mess of her own, Akali led Kai’Sa downstairs and outside before they made a mess inside the store. Moving quickly, she led the dancer to a less busy street while on the verge of messing herself. Her heart began to race. She already knew she was going to have an accident, and she didn’t mind that. She just hoped that no one would notice it.

For Kai’Sa, her bladder was just about ready to explode, but she was getting nervous. She was about to wet herself in the presence of nearby tourists. She was terrified, but also excited in some way. There was zero chance of being recognized. Kai’Sa had done both of hair in a way no one would recognize, and the masks they were wearing as part of their disguise would make recognition even harder. Finally, she and her friend stopped against a wall on a dimly lit part of the street to catch their breath. Though, as soon as the dancer took her hands off her crotch, a spurt of pee escaped into her panties. Then, another. Finally, after 11 hours of holding it in, Kai’Sa gasped as her bladder fully gave out, unleashing a torrent of yellow liquid down her sweatpants. She clasped her hand to her mouth to stifle a moan, her eyes rolled back in pleasure as her urine ran down her legs, providing warmth on the cool night.

Seeing her friend enjoying herself so much, Akali decided to release her bladder as well. She sighed as her pee soaked her panties and poured onto the street below. As her piss continued to stream out of her, she squeezed her legs together, feeling her golden liquid warm up her legs and run onto her sandals. Nervously, she looked around. A few people walked by, but none noticed the two popstars. She figured it was either because they were in too dark of an area for anyone to notice, or no one cared.

Either way, nothing would stop her from enjoying her accident. Akali moaned as more and more pee flowed into her panties, a blissful smile appearing on her face. Even before her stream ended, her bowels gave out and she felt her anus begin to open involuntarily. As she slowly stopped peeing, she let out a soft grunt as her anus stretched and began pushing a giant log out, the rapper not even having to put any effort into pushing as her body did it for her. She moaned as she began pooping in her already drenched underwear, squatting down slightly as she slowly filled her panties.

As her stream died down, Kai’Sa could hear the moans and soft grunts of her friend as she pooped herself. The dancer was getting incredibly horny at this point. Her eyes constantly looking between the few people passing by roughly 30 feet away on the street, and her bandmate who was currently enjoying messing herself on said street. Softly biting her lip, she discreetly slipped her hand down her panties and began rubbing herself slowly so as to not draw attention. The dancer softly moaned as she watched her friend continue her accident.

Meanwhile, Akali continued filling her panties. She was up to her third log, which was currently snaking its way out of her anus. As she pooped, she felt the bulge on her panties with her hand. She couldn’t believe how big it was. She could barely stretch her hand enough to cover it all. Now unbelievably turned on, Akali let out one last moan as her third log finally came to an end, leaving her breathing heavily. Catching her breath, she turned to her horny friend as they began to walk back to their hotel in their soiled clothes. “We’re gonna have a fun time in the shower when we get back,” she said, seductively.

“Yeah,” replied Kai’Sa. “We sure will.”

Author's note: Sorry this took so long. I've been really busy with projects outside this site. Don't worry though. Hope you enjoyed this long-ass chapter. Expect more updates for this story!

As always, artwork by Yajuu

*008*2021-12-16 12:06

One month time skip…

Chapter 7: Evelynn x Akali

It’s the middle of November. K/DA has just returned home from a show in Toronto and the girls are eager to rest up until after Thanksgiving. For Ahri, that meant practicing her singing technique. For Kai’Sa, it meant scrambling around for 4 days trying to plan Thanksgiving dinner at the last minute. But for Akali and Evelynn, it meant relieving some “tension”.

Evelynn sighed as she exited her room. It was around 2:00 P.M. and she still hadn’t bothered to put on any clothes besides her black lace bra and panties. The diva considered herself a “mild exhibitionist”, so she was used to walking around the house with little to no clothes. Since she was bored, and Ahri and Kai’Sa were busy with their own things, she decided to hang out with Akali. She walked over to her room and knocked on her door.

“Dear? May I come in?”

“Fuck off,” Akali replied. Though, Evelynn knew that was just her snarky way of saying “hello” to her. She opened the door and found that her friend was laying in bed with one hand holding her phone, and the other down her pants, inserting itself into her pussy.

The diva smiled coyly as walked towards the bed, swaying her hips, which turned on the rapper even more.

“Relieving some stress, Dear?” Evelynn asked.

“A-ah… You bet…” Akali said between moans.

“Good girl,” the succubus cooed. She took the opportunity to climb onto the bed next to her bandmate. “What are you watching there?” she asked as her attention turned to her friend’s phone. Displayed on full screen, was a young couple, no older than their mid-twenties having sex while the woman received a golden shower from another girl. The scene was so hot, it made even Evelynn, who probably slept with a different man every week, blush. “Oh my…” she stuttered as she dove her hand into her panties and began masturbating. She let out a moan as she kept her eyes fixated on the video.

Eventually, Akali opened a new video of a young Japanese woman messing in her see-through panties. This turned on the succubus even more as she began rubbing herself harder. Akali also quickened her pace as she shuffled to yet another video, this time, of a woman pissing herself in the middle of a street somewhere in Spain. This sent Evelynn into overdrive and she ended up cumming moments later, moaning loudly while doing so. Shortly after, Akali also climaxed, letting out a little scream as she soaked her hand and panties. For a moment, the two girls were left catching their breath together on the bed. After a bit, Evelynn had an idea. “Darling, how about we have a little late night fun out in the Plaza tonight?” she asked.

“What do you mean?” Akali replied, intrigued. This prompted a mischievous smile to appear on the diva’s face.

At around 11:00 PM, the two girls set out on the half hour walk to the nearby Great Neck Plaza, a large town near their house on Long Island. With their hair done differently to help with disguise, Evelynn wore a black t-shirt that barely covered her hip line with her black lace panties and no bra, while Akali chose a black crop-top, also with no bra, and some tight denim shorts with no panties. As the pair arrived in town, they were already incredibly desperate to piss and shit. Although she hadn’t been holding it for as long as Evelynn, Akali was nowhere near as good at holding it as her friend. As the two walked, their lack of thick clothing meant they felt a bit cold during the mid-November night, but it was nothing unbearable.

Even as they were only walking, Evelynn was already feeling excited. She adored the thrill of walking around in broad view of complete strangers all the while barely covering her intimate areas. Once in a while, she would pretend to drop something and bend over to pick it up, exposing her lace panties to anyone behind her. She even caught a couple people staring at her a couple times, grinning as she continued walking. “You fucking slut,” Akali jabbed quietly while snickering.

“It’s what I do best.”

“I know.” Akali sighed as she walked. Not wanting to be outdone, every few minutes, she would stretch in a way that lifted her top just enough to slightly expose her breasts to anyone lucky enough to see them. Like her friend, she caught a few people staring in her direction. This got her turned on. On top of that, she hadn’t pissed in 9 hours at this point and hadn’t shit since the day before, so her body was screaming for release. As cars whizzed by, she began to grip her crotch a couple times to maintain control.

“Getting desperate, Darling?” Evelynn questioned with a playful look on her face.

“Yeah. It won’t be long now.”

“Good,” Evelynn said. She herself was almost at her breaking point. She hadn’t used the bathroom at all today, so her bladder and bowels were aching with desperation, filling her with arousal. Feeling a bit cocky, she lifted her shirt slightly to expose her panties. The street wasn’t exactly busy with people, but the few people who noticed stared, but quickly looked away when Evelynn glanced back at them. She loved toying with people like that. She knew she was hot. Why hide it from the world? Hell, her private nudes were leaked on Twitter once, and she retweeted the post. The only thing stopping her from stripping down and walking around nude right now was the American law against public nudity. She sighed. This was why she liked Germany so much.

Suddenly, a spasm of desperation washed over her like a tsunami. Instinctively, she grabbed her crotch with one hand, but that didn’t stop her from briefly leaking into her panties. On top of that, the diva felt her anus pucker. Her massive load of shit wouldn’t be contained for much longer. Looking over, she could immediately tell her friend was in a similar predicament, the ninja’s hands gripping her ass as if she were mere moments away from messing herself, which in fact, she was. Evelynn quickly looked around. Though many cars drove by them on the road, the sidewalk had only a few people within 100 feet. Signaling Akali to stop, she lifted her shirt just above her waist and prepared for her accident. A moment later, after more than a day of holding it in, her body gave out, and Evelynn began peeing into her lace panties for all the world to see.

She sighed heavily as a day’s worth of piss soaked her underwear and splattered on the ground, forming a giant puddle underneath her. Though it was too dark to actually see them, Evelynn imagined the look on the faces of the people driving by on the road. She imagined they’d be shocked to find a woman as hot as she was exposing her panties for everyone to see and peeing through them without a care in the world. The thought alone made her even more aroused. With her stream not ending anytime soon, she spread her legs apart and squatted down slightly as her anus widened and quickly began to push out a massive turd into her panties.

She let out a moan as her log snaked its way into her underwear, causing them to tent outward. At this point, Evelynn noticed a couple of people several dozen feet away taking pictures in her direction. Still in the middle of pissing herself, she turned so that her ass was facing the people and continued pooping. Their disguises were so rock solid that even their bandmates could barely recognize them. The diva let out a moan as her body expelled more and more waste into her filthy panties.

Meanwhile, Akali was on the brink of exploding. Watching her friend relieve herself out in the open turned her on greatly. Suddenly, her bowels couldn’t take it anymore, and she doubled over and released a semi-solid mess into her shorts, staining the inside brown. At the same time, she began pissing like a racehorse in her shorts, quickly soaking them and forming a puddle underneath her. The rapper felt the warm liquid run down her legs and into her shoes.

Feeling overwhelmed, Akali stuck her tongue out and moaned as she continued emptying herself into her shorts. Wanting to avoid her shit running down her leg, she squatted down and allowed it to pool around her ass and leak out the back of her shorts. Eventually, her soft mess was replaced with harder logs, which slowly pushed their way into her filthy bottoms. The ninja was so turned on by this whole thing. Here she was, being recorded pissing and messing herself with her friend by random strangers who had no idea who they were. She moaned with delight as her accident continued.

This was what Evelynn lived for. Even as her pee stream weakened, her bowels kept expelling more shit. After her second log ended, they began to expel some liquid diarrhea. She joined her friend in squatting down to avoid getting her legs dirty and moaned. She felt so dirty. So naughty. She could feel the stares of the people watching, and she relished in it. She was one of the most famous idols in the world, relieving herself in her exposed panties for all to see. And yet, she felt invincible. See, this wasn’t the first time she had done something like this. For years, she would go out in crowded areas wearing the most revealing, skimpy clothing possible, all while under heavy disguise. She had mastered the practice in no time. Every time she would find pictures of her outing online, and every time, no one knew it was her. Evelynn grinned as her shit continued to pour out of her.

Finally, after more than 2 minutes, both girls finished relieving themselves and stood up. When they looked around, they saw at least 11 or 12 people standing a few dozen yards away, filming their accidents on their phones. Acting quickly, the pair ducked into a nearby store to get cleaned up in the bathroom. Getting in one stall together, they dumped their mess into the toilet, cleaned themselves the best they could, and walked out. Evelynn shoved her soiled panties into a plastic bag Akali had brought with her and was no going pantyless.

Akali however, was forced to wear her dirtied shorts for the time being as her top didn’t cover her hips. The people who witnessed their accident were gone, probably having gone home to pleasure themselves to their videos. Giggling to themselves, the two popstars began their walk home. As soon as they exited town and got away from most of the lights, they took off all of their clothes and put them in another bag Akali brought. As they walked home naked, the girls couldn’t help but feel exhilarated by what they had just done. “I assume we’ll be doing this again sometime?” Akali asked.

“Oh absolutely, Darling.”

Author’s note: A bit of a shorter chapter here, but I had a lot of fun writing this one.

TBC…

Artwork by Yajuu

