Katie’s First Day (Total Drama)

Author: Logan543

*000*2021-07-29 09:32

Katie was practically attached at the hip to her best friend Sadie. They did everything together, they went shopping together, gushed about cute boys together, and squealed together. They often slept over each other’s house and if they didn’t they would often spend the evening together. But the girls did give each other space when it came to one thing: pooping. Peeing was one thing, they were fine sitting on the toilet taking a leak while the other checked herself out in the mirror. But pooping seemed sacred, not to mention gross.

Katie was fine pooping at Sadie’s house though, she had done that plenty of times. They wouldn’t hide it from each other but they wouldn’t really announce it to each other either. But there were plenty of times they would come back from the mall, and Katie would nip off to the toilet after the greasy food got to her stomach. A lot of times Sadie would go after Katie and take just as long, but nothing was said about it between the two. There were occasions it would be brought up, like the time Sadie had mono and a trip to get ice cream resulted in Sadie blowing up the toilet for two hours. Or that time they went ice skating and some bad pizza caused Katie to nearly crap herself as she ran on her ice skates to the porta-potties. She had gotten her pink jeans down just in time. But they generally didn’t talk about that kind of stuff.

Katie hated pooping anywhere but close friends (aka Sadie’s) homes and her own. Peeing was fine of course, she could pee anywhere. But she held it till she was home unless it was a true emergency.

Katie was overjoyed to get onto a reality TV show and to not only get a chance to win a $100,000 but to share the experience with her best friend. Even when the two got there and found out they wouldn’t be staying at a luxury resort like they were promised, but a crummy summer cap, the two were still just ecstatic to be there. There was one issue on Katie’s mind though: the bathroom situation.

Katie hated going #2 in public. Her dumps tended to be heavy smelling so she would often leave the stall blushing as the other girls held their noses. She usually held it until she got home, but she wouldn’t be able to hold it all summer. To make matters worse Chris split Katie and her best friend up, placing Katie on the Gophers and Sadie on the Bass. They tried to fight it but it was no use, Chris wasn’t budgeting. Katie couldn’t help but sob to herself as they were introduced to her cabins, she needed her best friend to make this whole experience fun. With her being on a different team, what was the point of being here?

After unpacking and getting settled Katie had stopped crying but her stomach was still in knots. The anxiety of being separated from her best friend had caused her stomach to become upset and Katie slowly realized she needed a shit. With perfect timing her teammate Lindsay asked in a confused manner, “Where are the outlets? I have to plug in my straightening iron?” Chris replied with a smirk, “There are some in the communal bathrooms. Just across the way.” Katie looked over to where they were and decided she should head there soon.

After finishing unpacking Chris gave everyone 10 minutes to do whatever they needed to before they were to head to the mess hall. Katie decided this would be a good time to use the bathroom. She thought about going to get Sadie, but saw that Courtney was talking to her. She had been nice enough to try to comfort the girl while she was separated from her friend. Katie couldn’t help but feel jealous, no one on her team had even really talked to her or comforted her, despite her being obviously upset. Katie decided to go alone, she didn’t want to make Sadie all the more sad when they had to be separated again. Plus a gurgle in her stomach told her that this would be a loud experience.

She headed over to the bathroom and several other girls and guys headed that way as well, as this was their first opportunity to use a toilet since they got there. The girls walked into their side and the guys walked into theirs. LeShawana quickly hurried into a stall, “Woo, I’ve had to piss since we got on the island.” she slammed the door shut and dropped her pants. A loud urine stream filled the water below and the girl sighed loudly. Bridgette opened a stall door and gaged, “These toilets are so gross, couldn’t they have cleaned them before we got here?” she asked and she walked into the stall. She heard the surfer girl piss into the water, it was obvious that the girl was hovering so she wouldn’t touch the seat.

Katie usually didn’t have any issues touching her butt to gross toilet seats, a good shower would kill any germs on her anyways. The smell in the washroom was horrible though, this only made her feel better though as any smell she contributed would go unnoticed. Katie’s plan was to wait until everyone left to drop a deuce, she might not be able to avoid pooping here but she could avoid others hearing it happen. Izzy, Eva and Lindsay all went into their respective stalls and peed. Katie went into a stall, standing out there waiting for them to leave would look suspicious. She unbuttoned her pink shorts and dropped them to her feet, sitting down on the toilet. She peed a light stream into the bowl as the other girls flushed and washed their hands. She finished up and wiped but she stayed seated, waiting for the other girls to head out.

Just as the last girl was finishing up at the sinks, the door swung open and another group of girls headed in, it was basically everyone who hadn’t used the toilet first. The same conversations were basically repeated, Beth hurried into a stall announcing with a lisp caused by her braces, “I’ve been bursting since we got onto the boats.” Katie’s stomach churned, she had to shit pretty urgently but could definitely wait until this group left as well. As Beth started peeing a hard stream and sighing, she heard her best friend’s voice. She still sounded upset but wasn’t crying anymore, “Ew these bathrooms are so gross, I wonder how Katie held up using them.” she said as she walked into a stall. “I told you, try not to think about what Katie is doing,” Courtney said to the girl firmly, “You’re just gonna make yourself sad again.”

“Y-y-you’re right…” the girl said, sounding a bit more sad again. The two girls entered stalls next to each other, as did several other girls. Heather announced out loud, “No way is my precious behind touching these seats,” as she entered the stall next to Katie’s.

Katie heard Heather start peeing, her stomach gurgled and all of the sudden a fart shot out. She didn’t even have a chance to hold it back, with her cheeks spread it just shot out. The sound echoed into the bowl and through the washroom, interrupting the unified sound of the girls peeing. She blushed as she heard the queen bee in the stall next to her laugh loudly at the noise. “Braces girl, did you just cut the cheese,” she said in an obvious bitchy tone. Katie blushed harder as Beth tried to defend herself against the accusation, “W-what?! No, I swear I didn’t!” Heather continued to laugh, “That’s so freaking gross.” Katie quickly pulled up her shorts and flushed, there was no way she could poop in here right now and she didn’t want anyone to suspect she ripped ass. She washed her hands and hurried outside, as Heather continued her verbal assault on Beth.

Katie got outside and held her stomach, with no one around she ripped a wet sounding fart. “Ughhh, oh man. I need to poop like SUPER bad,” she said to herself. Chris ordered everyone to the mess hall and Katie was forced to squeeze her cheeks and head over there.

Katie squirmed a bit as the large man who Chris called Chef Hatchet yelled at them regarding his food. A few other campers squirmed a bit too, but that was because they were afraid, not because they had a dump knocking on the backdoor. Katie got her food and sat down with her teammates, her stomach gurgled and she struggled to hold back a fart. She picked at her food, not only was it disgusting but she wasn’t interested in putting anything in her body right now, too much wanted out right now. A few silent but deadly farts leaked out, but most people around her assumed it was the food causing that smell. This helped Katie relieve some pressure, but she still was squirming a bit.

Chris walked in with that smirk that the campers had already grown to know meant he was up to no good. “Your first challenge begins, in one hour!” Katie’s stomach gurgled, the anxiety of being seperated from Sadie combined with the upcoming challenge made her poo urge even stronger. Nervous, she asked her teammates, “What do you think they'll make us do?” the large guy named D.J. answered her question with a comforting answer, “It's our first challenge, how hard can it be?” the other campers nodded in agreement and finished eating what little they could stomach. Katie thought about using this time to nip off to the bathroom, but Chris came back and told everyone to put on their swimsuits and meet back here ASAP.

The girls went back to the communal washroom to put their swimsuits on, the site of the toilet made Katie clench her cheeks and forced her to hold back another fart. A couple of girls peed before changing into their suits, those people being Bridgette and Courtney who did their best to stay hydrated and had lots to drink at lunch, but sadly no one pooped so Katie decided it wasn’t a great time to try it. Slowly all the girls exited to bathroom to meet Chris outside, Katie let them all leave one by one. She might not be able to drop a deuce, Chris needed them out quickly, but she could relieve some pressure. Lindsay was the last one to leave and the second she did… PFFFTTTTT. A large wet sputtering fart echoed throughout the washroom, Katie actually had to check to make sure it wasn’t a shart but luckily nothing had come out. She grunted as two squeakier and airer farts popped out, and lastly a silent but deadly one. Temporarily relieved she hurried outside to join her fellow campers.

Chris led the group through the forest, Katie stayed silent. Luckily they walked as a large group, so Sadie quickly walked up to Katie and they talked the whole way up. It was nice to talk to Sadie again, but Katie was still upset. The whole camp experience was horrible, she was bursting for a shit and she was on a completely different team from her best friend. Her stomach groaned again and a fart tried shooting out again. Katie stopped and briefly held her stomach. “What’s wrong Katie? Are you okay? Are you sick?” her friend asked in quick succession. “Wha- oh yeah I’m good, just hungry, I missed you too much to eat lunch,” she said lying through her teeth to save her embarrassment. “Oh my God, me too!” the friend said back, “Don’t you LOVE how similar we are?” Sadie asked. “Oh I LOVE it,” Katie said back trying to sound excited. Normally she did love that, more than anything. But her bowels prevented her from being too excited.

They got to the top of a huge cliff. That’s when it hit everyone. The bathing suits. The very high cliff where water awaits at the bottom. “Oh shit,” DJ exclaimed. “Hey hey hey, watch the language!” Chris scolded, “Bleeps cost money.” Chris explained how their challenge was to jump off the cliffs into the shark infested waters below. Landing in the ring would prevent the sharks from getting to you. All the teens were immediately freaked out. Katie wasn’t too scared, she wasn’t really afraid of heights so doing this wouldn’t be so bad, but walking up here with Sadie just reminded her how much she missed being with her best friend.

Sadie was a bit scared of heights however, so she hugged Katie in fear when she found out what the challenge was. This squeezing put pressure on Katie’s stomach and caused a loud fart to erupt out of Katie, it was immensely wet sounding and was a longer one. She didn’t even have a chance to attempt and hold it in. Everyone immediately looked in their direction. Sadie looked up in shock at the visibly embarrassed girl. A couple people in the crowd began to snicker. Others gave her a sympathetic look or looked away to save the girl embarrassment. “Wow, that’s embarrassing,” Chris said with a smug look. “Anyways! After you reach the bottom…” Chris continued to explain the challenge, taking attention away from Katie for the time being.

“Oh my god Katie, I’m so so so so so sorry!” Sadie exclaimed to her blushing friend. “I didn’t mean to squeeze a fart out of you.” Not only had her friend squeezed the fart out, but she had caused her bowels to stir as well. Katie now needed to poop worse than ever before. She squirmed in place. She had to tell Sadie what was going on, even if it was super embarrassing. “Sadie, I have to poop sooo badly. The thought of being away from you for a whole summer killed my stomach, but I couldn’t poop with all those people in there. So I’ve been holding it the whole day.” Sadie started to tear up, she hugged her friend tighter.

“Oh my gosh me too. I miss you so so so much,” she said in a high pitched voice. Another wet fart rippled out of Katie, it was quiet enough that only Sadie and Katie heard it. But this one was wetter, wet enough that a small brown stain appeared on Katie’s pink bikini bottoms. Katie blushed furiously again and held her stomach. Sadie let go off the girl, “I’m sorry! I’ll stop hugging you.” Katie nodded in agreement. While this was going on several of the Killer Bass members had jumped off into the water below.

“We have to get onto the same team, even if they kick us off the show. It’ll be no fun being on different teams all summer,” Sadie said tearing up again. Katie nodded in agreement and squirmed in place. “Sooooo not fun. Plus my stomach can’t handle a whole summer of this.” Her stomach growled in agreement.

At this point all, well, most of the Killer Bass had jumped off the cliff. DJ and Courtney had opted to not take the jump and take the escalator back down. “So let's tally up the results. Hold on. That's eight jumpers and two chickens. We're missing one.” The remaining people turned to see the two girls holding hands looking very upset, Katie in more ways than one.

Sadie decided their only hope at this point was begging. “I'm not jumping without Katie!” the girl exclaimed to the host. “We have to be on the same team, Chris,” Katie added. “For the sake of my bowels,” she thought to herself. The girls approached him in a begging spree. “Can we? Can we? Can we?” the girls kept pleading to Chris. Finally, a miracle. “I'll switch places with her,” Izzy said to the host. She felt bad for the girls, plus the chubby boy on the other team had caught her eye. If she was on his team she viewed that as a win.

“All right, fine, you're both on the Killer Bass now. Izzy, you're on the Screaming Gophers,” the host decided. A wave of relief swept over the girls. Words couldn’t describe their happiness. Temporarily Katie forgot her urgent need. She was just happy to be with her bestie. They squealed in delight. “That means you're up, girls.” the host declared. The two girls ran towards the cliff. In unison they yelled, “We're coming, Killer Bass!” As they leapt off the absurdly high cliff, it hit Katie all at once. She still desperately needed to poop. Her stomach did a flip as they plunged toward the water below, she ripped a fart as they reached the water below. This one wet as well and it stained her panties a bit more brown, as this time some poop had come out. Not a lot, just a little squirt.

Luckily, the water they plunged into cleared a bit of the poop out of her bikini bottom. As the girls came up together and got onto the boat waiting to take them to shore Katie whispered to her friend, “I almost crapped myself doing that.” Sadie nodded, “Don’t worry, I’ll think of a way to get you on a toilet,” her friend said determined. “You’re the best!” Katie squealed back. “No, you are!” Sadie replied back. They hugged again. As they watched the Gophers jump to their doom and the Bass watched and chatted among themselves, Katie paced back and forth, her stomach churning and gurgling. She couldn’t even fart to relieve pressure, as she would surely shit herself.

Her new teammate Bridgette noticed the girl's pacing and asked sweetly, “Hey Katie, are you alright?” Katie immediately stopped pacing and blushed, “Y-yeah just anxious is all,” she said trying to fake a smile. Bridgette and her made small talk for a bit, but the whole time Katie was clenching her cheeks. Finally, it was the last camper’s turn. It was the big boy Owen, the crowd watched with tension as he sprinted towards the cliff. Time seemed to slow. He screamed as he grew closer and closer to the water below then…BAM!!!

Katie didn’t know how it was physically possible, but he had made a tidal wave so big that it knocked everyone down and threw some sharks from the water and into the trees. As the wall of water crashed into Katie, she couldn’t help but rip another fart, the force had caused it to slip. Her bikini bottoms became slightly more stained once again. The cameras cut at this point and the contestants were told they had a 20 minute break to change out of their swimwear and meet back down at the beach. Katie waddled back to the campgrounds, her cheeks were so tightly clenched that it was hard for her to go quickly.

Sadie tried to take her friend’s mind off of her predicament, but all Katie could think about was the storm brewing inside her. Luckily no more farts slipped out. They reached the campground and the campers made their way to the communal washrooms to change into their regular clothes again.

“Are you gonna use it?” Sadie asked as they approached the toilets. Katie bobbed up and down, trying everything in her power to not grab herself. She couldn’t. Not in front of all the other campers. “I-I don’t know. Maybe. You know I hate going in front of strangers, but ohhhh God I gotta go,” she replied squirming. “Oh my God, I hate pooing in front of strangers!” Sadie agreed. “But, you might wanna attempt it, so you don’t, you know.” Katie blushed as she realized what her friend was implying. Her stomach gurgled in response.

The two girls followed all the other females into the washroom. Several headed for a shower stall to change, the rest headed towards the stalls. Even if Katie was gonna work up the courage to go, she was going to have to wait for the others to change. Several of the girls took this opportunity to pee again, as being in the water made them get the urge. Gwen, Leshawna, Lindsay and Eva all stripped down and sat down buck naked. Gwen was the only girl to hover as the others didn’t really care about the state of the toilets. Bridgette was embarrassed to admit it, but being a surfer she had peed many many times in the water before. So she had done so earlier and as a result was the first girl out of a stall.

Katie hurried in and slammed the stall shut. As she did Sadie gave her an encouraging smile and thumbs up, which Katie tried returning. She squirmed in place as the ever tempting toilet sat there, her bowels pulsed as they begged to be unleashed there. Katie wanted to, she truly did. But it would be far too embarrassing with all these girls in here. She could wait until she was alone, after the challenge. At least she hoped. Katie changed into her clothes, which was difficult as her urge to use the toilet so close to her grew stronger. She exited the stall at the same time as her best friend.

“You didn’t go, did you?” she asked in a concerned tone. Katie shook her head and held her stomach. “I-I can hold it until after the challenge.” The two girls walked out together and headed to the challenge area.

Katie tried to walk naturally, but it was hard as her cheeks were now tightly clenched. Her stomach continued to gurgle at times and she would have to focus on not losing control.

The two girls were among the last of the teens to get back to the beach for the challenge. Chris reminded them of the second part of the challenge, which was to push the carts back to the campgrounds and build a hot tub. He had the cameras start rolling and the teams were off. Sadly Katie’s team had lost the first part of the challenge and were forced to push the crates without the help of a cart. Each member of the team had a different approach to pushing a crate, but Sadie and Katie decided it would be best if they pushed the vests together.

“Okay, how can I get you some privacy to poop?” Sadie pondered out loud as her teammates bickered about CIT experience and splinters. “We need to think of something,” Katie replied. “Pushing this crate is putting sooooo much pressure on my bowels.”

Katie’s stomach gurgled loudly again and another fart slipped out, this time staining her pink panties. “Oh my gosh Sadie, I don’t think I can make it. I might have an accident.”

But then a miracle happened, they heard a male’s voice say “I’ve gotta take a whiz.” They saw Tyler head towards the woods as Eva remained him to be quick about it. Sadie nudged Katie and whispered, “Go with him.” Katie nodded quickly and said “Oh, I have to go too.” Sadie quickly interjected with an excited “You do? Oh my gosh, me too!”

The two girls rushed over the wooded area and went into the opposite direction of Tyler. After taking cover behind some bushes, Katie used the privacy to quickly double over and use one hand to clutch her stomach and the other her rear end. “Oh my gosh Sadie” she said with a wet fart that stained her panties even worse, “I’ve never needed a poop so badly.”

“I’ll keep an eye for people, quickly go!” Sadie urged her best friend. Katie nodded and quickly unbuttoned her shorts and ripped them down as she squatted, a wave of diarrhea come shooting out as it made a squelch sound. Katie had barely gotten her shorts down in time. She then ripped a super loud wet fart that had some poop in it.

Katie couldn’t help but moan in relief. She then blushed as she remembered her best friend standing a few feet away. “I’m so so so sorry Sadie, I’m so gross.” Her best friend quickly replied with a reassuring smile and said, “Katie you could never be gross to me!” Katie smiled back as another wave of diarrhea squirted out. She had a few rounds of this with some loud, wet farts mixed in. Finally after pushing the final wave out, Katie felt relieved. She grabbed a bunch full of leaves and started wiping, it felt super gross and she gagged a bit, but pooping in the woods was better than in your pants.

Katie stood back up and pulled up her shorts. “Whew, I feel soooo much better!” She told her friend. “I knew you would!” The friend replied.

“I need to pee though, I wasn’t lying earlier.” Sadie said and she went behind the push to have a whiz. Katie couldn’t help but blush as she knew Sadie had to have seen the mess she made, but didn’t care. Camp Wawanakwa was looking up, she had the best poop of her life and was on the same team as her best friend. Nothing could ruin this day!

