Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 6

Author: Poowrite

*139*2015-06-16 04:18

Calista's Consition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Mostly Empty / Losing It!

You shake your head at the rusty old cauldron. Gerald's suggestion does not appeal to you. This is far to public a venue, especially with the staff on hand coming in and out of the pantry. Plus, it would leave you with the unpleasant task of cleaning up after yourself.

You entertain the idea of carrying the cauldron upstairs. The rooms are empty and it doesn't seem likely that anyone would be going up there any time soon. You could even just go into your room and lock the door behind you. It's an appealing idea, but ultimately one that you reject. The cauldron looks heavy, and while your physically demanding lifestyle kept you fit and strong the exertion required to lift the object might be more than your quivering anus can bear. Besides, you would still have to deal with your leavings afterward.

You didn't have much in the way of remaining options. You could go outside, but that would expose you even more than going in the pantry. That left just one option... the outhouses. Squeezing your sphincter with every ounce of strength you can muster, you dart back towards the common room.

You ignore the curious glances you get from the handful of people who see you walking stiffly but quickly toward the back door. “Calista!” Lucius gasps as you push past him, though fortunately he doesn't stop you. You can hear the sound of water hitting the ground as he finishes emptying his bladder.

You rush into the outhouse, closing the rickety old door behind you. Moonlight streams in through gaps in the old planks that make up the stall's four walls, the pale glow illuminating a rectangular box at the back of the small room. A circular hole is cut in the top of the box. The rough seating would no doubt be uncomfortable against your backside, but considerably more comfortable than a pile of mess against your backside. You unconsciously channel aether to help shield yourself from the odor common to such structures... in spite of your situation it is difficult for you to break this habit.

You squirm before the seat, loosening your trousers about your waist. The moment you are able, you force them and your soggy small-clothes down past your knees. You yank your overskirt out of the way and climb up onto the wooden box, positioning yourself over the hole. You feel the tremendous weight in your rectum bearing down on your tightly closed sphincter. You relax, granting the contents of your bowels freedom.

A thick log the consistency of wet clay pushes its way out from between your cheeks. A soft, muffled crackling noise fills the cramped room as you begin to expel. You feel it pouring smoothing from the canyon that runs down the center of your shapely bottom. Your anus is forced to open wide to accommodate the large snake uncoiling into the pit beneath you, but the smooth and malleable consistency of the mess allows you to pass it quite comfortably.

The ring of your anus tightens, pinching off the load and allowing it to drop into the pit beneath you with a swampy splat. You try to ignore the sound of flies buzzing about underneath you, try to ignore the sensation of their little legs tickling your bare bottom as they land there. With the initial emergency over, you allow yourself to stretch out with your magic, searching for signs of danger. You cannot detect anything outside.

You feel your stomach tighten again, and this time you simply allow nature to run its course. You breathe a sigh of relief as a second log emerges and the pressure in your stomach abates. Softer and thinner, it spills out of you more quickly than the first. It breaks off under its own weight several times, plopping into the foul muck beneath you.

Finally relieved of the load in your stomach, you set about the unpleasant task of cleaning yourself up. A small bucket with large leaves, perhaps gathered from one of the nearby public gardens, sits at your feet. You use a few of the soft plants to wipe the mess away from your bottom. Then, you use a touch of your magic to draw moisture out of the air. You use this to wipe down your thighs and legs, hoping to prevent a rash from developing after your wetting. Finally, you use a handful of sanitary paper from your inventory to try to dry your small-clothes and trousers as much as possible.

Once you're finished, you step out of the stall and into the night. Lucius stands outside the inn, outside the circle of warding but a respectable distance away from the small shack you're emerging from. His hand is on the hilt of his sword, but he seems to relax when he sees you step out. He had decided to stand guard for you, it seems.

“Not fond of Gerald's suggestion, eh,” he asks as you approach him.

“Not especially,” you confirm. “Thank you for standing watch.”

He shrugs. “Best we all watch each others backs. Did you... uh... you know...”

“I made it,” you say, feeling yourself blush. “Come on. Our night is just beginning, I suspect.” The two of you enter the inn. Inside, Gerald is passing out ale and bowls of soup, his staff helping. Roland, Duncan, and Elais are gathered around a table. Elias' map, or at least that is what you assume it is, is spread out across the surface. They watch you and Lucius enter and wave you over. You and the sell-sword exchange a glance, then join the Priests at the table.

“Are your brothers okay,” you ask.

“Grievously wounded, I am afraid,” Roland replies. “We have done what we can for them, but...” he shakes his head. “I must confess, I did not expect to suffer losses this night. I find myself without the aid of two of my brothers. Elias is not a fighting man, and Duncan and I cannot protect so many on the journey to Temple Dawn. Even with your aid making up for their loss, we cannot move Brothers Renaux or Fairfax in their condition.”

“So... we hold up here,” you suggest. “Isn't there a circle of warding around the inn? Won't that keep us safe?”

“For a while,” Lucius interjects. “As long as nothing worse than something like those ghouls from before attack. If we get a ghast or a lich then a warding circle cast by a single Priest of the Dawn won't last long. No offense, Brother Elias.”

“None taken,” the kindly Priest responds. “You are quite right, after all.”

“We can hold this location for a time,” Roland confirms, “but we need to reach Temple Dawn. The wards there are cast and maintained by the High Priests and Cardinals, and the bulk of our forces will be gathered there. However, as I said we cannot move our brothers.”

“Not without a gurney of some kind,” Elias continues. He pokes his map. “About a mile and a half east of here is a stable owned by the Priests of the Dawn. Assuming it hasn't been burned to the ground by the undead, we should be able to find a cart there as well as the horses to pull it.”

Gerald steps in with a few bowls of steaming stew. He sits them on the table, including one in front of you. Chunks of beef, bread and various vegetables swim in a thick, brown broth. A serving girl places a pitcher of ale and a few empty flagons on the table. “Better eat now,” Gerald says. “Can't be sure when you're gonna get another chance.”

“Thank you, Master Gerald,” Elias says. The smell of the stew wafts up to your nose. It smells good, and the Goblin's Bag Inn has good ale. Your stomach rumbles a little. Maybe it would be best to eat and drink something while you had a chance.

“So,” Lucius says, picking up the previous conversation. “You want me and Calista to go fetch a horse and cart?”

“We would do it ourselves,” Roland says. “But, we need to stay here. With all due respect, we are better suited to defend these defenseless people against undead. The Priests of the Dawn would be indebted to you.”

“Better suited ta' defend 'gainst anything if she's gonna piss herself at t' first sign o' danger,” the Priest named Duncan mumbles.

“Brother Duncan, you will not disrespect these people who have already risked so much to help us,” Roland says, his voice calm but you can sense the reprimand in his tone. “My apologies, Calista. Brother Duncan is a powerful ally in battle, but his social graces leave much to be desired.” Duncan rolls his eyes at being scolded, you feel your cheeks growing warm at his remark but you don't say anything in response.

“Well, what do you say Calista? Shall we go fetch a few horses,” Lucius asks. “It won't be easy. I know the stables they're talking about. We'll have to cross pretty close to a bone-yard to get there. I could really use some of that spell-casting of yours to help keep me safe...”

Please choose one of 1-4 and one of a-b

1. Agree to go with Lucius and fetch the horse and cart.

2. Ask for one of the Priests to come instead. (Please specify which of the three).

3. Insist on holding up in the inn.

4. Other (Please specify)

A. Eat the stew and drink the ale. (Bonus to most rolls, bladder and bowels fill faster).

B. Do not eat or drink. (No bonus or penalty).

Calista's Bowels have gone from Losing It! to Empty.

