Gwen’s Desperate Relief: A Ben 10 Fanfic

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-04-05 23:05

Grandpa Max wanted to take Ben and Gwen to a caravan park, to stay for the night. They both agreed because they wanted to meet new people there and hopefully it would not be like the old one they used to go to. The old one was not good the toilets were always dirty and never clean but this gave Gwen the kink of wetting herself. She would always go to most dirtiest toilet and squirm and hold herself and piss in her panties she wears for bed. She loved this but if Ben knew about this he would be name calling her every day probably calling her ‘you big baby’ or even worse. Gwen doesn’t like diapers if Ben did know then grandpa Max would be diapering her up, she hated diapers because if you put one on her 10 year old self you could see it making her skinny green pants to tight to wear.

So grandpa Max packed up and got on the RV, Gwen and Ben sat together playing games on the table but then Gwen was feeling hungry. “Grandpa I’m hungry.”

“No worries Gwen, I think McDonalds is just around the corner.” Max was right there was Ben still was playing a game and it was Gwen’s turn in. “Ok Gwen I dare you to order a large meal and drink the whole thing inside.” She accepted the challenge and waiting for the RV to park.

Just the they were in the car park they got out and went inside to order. Gwen got a large quarter pounder meal with Coke, Max had a medium Big Mac meal with Diet Coke and Ben got a medium cheeseburger meal with Coke. They sat there and ate Gwen did not need to use the bathroom yet but she would soon.

On the way Gwen could feel that the Coke was now travelling to her bladder because she could feel a sudden urge to go to the toilet, she tried her best to hold it in. Max just yawned feeling sleepy he made a stop to go to the rest stop to sleep, he fell asleep when he parked it. Ben felt tired to Gwen used her magic to phase out of the RV to toilets, she could feel if she didn’t go now then she would be going to the caravan park with favourite green pants soaked in her piss. She rushed to the women’s room but the door was locked she was bursting outside for a big piss she barely even knew if she could hold on any longer.

Then her first leak came out she froze and started panicking, she didn’t want to have an accident. A 10 year old girl desperate for a piss and waiting for a girl much older taking her sweet time and make Gwen have an accident. Gwen was so desperate she could just pee right outside but she did something that she never did before but in desperate time calls for desperate measures. She raced in to the men’s room and just when she was about to sit, a toilet flushed. She raced out of the men’s she knew it was that woman. It was she looked teenaged in appearance, who was quite hot.

Gwen rushed in closed the door immediately unbuttoned her pants and pulled her damp panties down raced towards the toilet. She couldn’t make it her floodgates opened just when she was going to sit on the toilet, so she squatted let her floodgates close. She felt so warm she then started touching her golden stream and slid her hand up her shirt to rub it on her boobies, she loved this. Gwen stopped washed her hand quickly get back before anyone noticed that she left. She got back to the RV and it was the same as how it was when she left. Gwen hoped that she could hold more of her piss and actually piss herself later.

To Be Continued...

