Rey’s Desperate hold: A Star Wars Fanfictiin

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-26 03:07

It was morning on Jakku, very warm day today. Rey lay in her bed naked and got out of bed, she had to pee really badly (really hot to sleep in pyjamas). The toilet was broken so the only place to pee was in a dugged hole in the sand. She walked outside and dug a hole in the sand and had hold in her pee. She finished digging and popped a squat and released her need to pee. She felt wonderful the best thing is that nobody comes past here which is good, because I don’t think people or strangers want to see a 19 Year old woman relieving herself in the open.

As Rey lived on Jakku for all her life she got very used to holding in her pee, wetting herself and peeing in the open, she loved wetting herself. She would always go drink a big glass of water every day and try to hold it in longer, she would just love this ritual and she also loved wetting the bed on purpose.

But today was a desperate day for Rey as it was embarrassing and made her feel like she was 9 again. She finished peeing and went to put on her scavenger clothes and her day begins. She got on her speeder bike and drove to what she was scavenging which was an old AT-AT Walker she started taking parts out of it, then she felt that she need to pee she said ”not now!” She got everything and was going to return home and pee but she forgot about Unkar Plutt, so she had to turn back to town she hoped that she could find a public restroom for her need to pee.

She arrived in town, parked her Speeder bike and went to Unkar first she had to wait in a queue which was bad for her need to pee. It was finally her turn to see Unkar when she got to she him her bladder become half full as she immediately squeezed her pussy/bladder and gave him the scavenging pieces to him. He said “two portions” and gave her portions. She then ran out and immediately looking for a place to pee, she then stubbled on a public restroom and went inside. She looked for an vacant toilet but they where all occupied, so had to hold it and wait. Just then she heard a toilet flush and the door opened it was a Twi’lek girl wearing very tight pants as she noticed that her pussy area was very wet, Rey thought that see mustn’t of peed in the toilet and deliberately pissed herself.

She went in to the toilet and started pulling her pants down, she couldn’t stand still while talking off her white panties. She couldn’t take it off if she kept moving, she did it again but then she felt it she had a full bladder if she didn’t hurry up she will be exactly like the Twi’lek girl did. She then finally got it off as she started peeing into the toilet felling the warmth of it hitting the toilet as these reminded of when she was 9 when she peed herself in front of another Twi’lek girl also 9. Well that was done and returned back to her speeder bike and rode home.

On the way home she felt her ass starting to open, she had to shit. She was almost home so she decided to hold her poo in until she gets home, then it becomes night starting to become hot and instead of pooing now she take her clothes off and put it in her bag. She continues driving naked feeling the metal sticking to big sexy ass. She then farts the whole way to her home, she finally makes it her ass is open and she could shit at any moment, she walked in and couldn’t hold it in any longer she shit on the sand and had to bury it she knew now where to shit, she forgot about that part. She then walked in and went into bed, she deliberately made herself wet the bed and fell asleep.

