HoloMess ~The Horny Ones~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-04-08 08:25

Here is the last story for HololiveEN. I realized that I gave the most pure girl the most erotic scenario, but I find it to be poetic. I already have ideas in mind for several other generations of Hololive, so let me know what you'd be interested in seeing. Thank you!

For the past few weeks, Ninomae Ina’nis had been distraught by the events plaguing more and more members of Hololive. Her mental and physical connection with the Ancient Ones had granted her several supernatural abilities, one of which showed her the activities of anyone she associated with. As a result, she was well aware of all the recent “accidents” of the other Hololive girls. She watched as her friends and coworkers all had unique and embarrassing episodes. If she knew better, she’d have thought someone was making all of it up.

Naturally, the Ancient Ones would join her in viewing these events, asking Ina telepathically about the ways of the human world. This curiosity did not exclude erotic or sexual tendencies either. As a part of Ina’s conscience, they would often ask her to replicate pornographic scenarios and fetishes, as well as masturbation sessions to regularly satisfy the both of them. Needless to say, every instance of the aforementioned girls messing themselves did not go unnoticed either, and it made the Ancient Ones aroused.

Ina sat at her desk, sipping on tea and doodling on her drawing tablet. She had been constipated for the last few days, and it was starting to hurt. The tea she was drinking was laced with a potent laxative she had picked up from the pharmacy. She had a stream in a few hours, so she was hoping it was as fast-acting as the doctor told her. As she pondered to herself, she felt a tentacle gently caress her inner thigh. She jumped a little before realizing what was touching her.

“Hey, not now,” she started, “I’ve got a stream soon. Can we save it for after?” The rubbing against her leg made it obvious what the Ancient Ones wanted, but they could wait. Between her urge, or lack thereof, to poop and her upcoming stream, the petite girl had more pressing matters to attend to. For the time being, the Ancient Ones retracted their tentacles, but made it clear that they were eager for pleasure.

The paranormal girl was sketching on her tablet when she felt a sudden pang in her stomach. After several days, she was about to finally get the relief she sought. She rose from her seat and started to make her way to the bathroom. As she reached the doorway, however, she felt herself get pulled back by something.

“What the,” she inquired as she turned her head around, identifying the culprit. The tentacles of the Ancient Ones had planted themselves outside of the door, sticking to the wall with their suction cups. “This isn’t funny guys,” Ina pouted before continuing, “you know I have to poop.” She tried to start walking forward, but was met by the same resistance as the first time. She felt her gut tighten. She knew she wouldn’t be able to hold it for long, so any shenanigans the Ancient Ones were up to would have to wait. “Seriously, this isn’t funny!” She tried to force herself through the doorway, to no avail. Rather, the ancient ones wrapped their tentacles around Ina’s arms and legs and began to suspend her in the air.

“What the hell do you guys think you’re doing?!” Ina snapped, growing furious at the childishness of the Ancient Ones. “I know you guys are horny, but this is just ridiculous.” The petite artist started to struggle, only to be met with a sharp pain in her stomach again. Rationalizing the position she was in, she started to beg for her freedom.

“Come on, guys. Let me go, please!” The desperation in her voice only grew as the pressure against her anus did the same. “We can do whatever you want afterwards. Literally, anything you want!” Little did she know that the Ancient Ones were about to get exactly what they wanted.

After a bit of pouting and begging, a small fart escaped from Ina’s rear, causing her to clench her backside. She asked, “What is it you guys want?!” Right after, she felt a tentacle rub right against her crotch through her black panties. Preparing for a tormenting erotic session, she suddenly jolted from surprise as she felt an unwanted probe against her anus. “What was that for?! Are you trying to make me crap myse-” Ina stopped at the end of her sentence, as she had been hit like a brick by an epiphany.

“Oh shit…”

That’s exactly what the Ancient Ones were trying to do. They usually had a tendency to subject her to anything erotic they saw in the visions of others, and the last few weeks had been filled with nothing but girls messing their underwear. Ina grew desperate, now knowing that the thing they wanted the most was the thing she wanted the least. Flustered and confused, her pleas devolved into whimpers as she tried to make some sort of negotiation with her spirit-bonded companion.

“Hey, guys, let’s talk about this a little bit…” Ina whined as her pleas went unheard. “I know you guys are into some kinky stuff, but there’s lines that you shouldn’t cross, you know?” Again, her words fell on deaf ears as she felt a tentacle attempt to probe her through her underwear again. From her front, another appendage was roughly moving itself back and forth against the girl’s vagina, arousing her against her volition.

“Let me go… please…” Ina was starting to lose control, and she knew it. She was being attacked on both fronts, one in arousal and the other in pain, and knew she wouldn’t win. Deep in her heart, she just wanted this to be over with more than anything. A tear started to stream down her cheek as she lost her resolve. “You guys want me to mess myself? Fine,” the artist said firmly, releasing all of her tension, allowing herself to go limp.

Small grunts surfaced from her lips as Ina started to release several days’ worth of shit into her panties. The laxatives must have done their job well, as instead of logs of poop, feces ejected from her asshole into a mound of soft mush nestling itself it the back of her undergarments. In response, her panties started expanding outwards at a rapid rate, the bulge growing from the size of a golf ball to that of a baseball in a matter of seconds. Running out of room in the rear, the solid waste started pushing its way to her sensitive area, which was currently being barraged by an unrelenting tentacle. By the time she had finished forcefully crapping herself, no areas in her panties were spared from the gross, smelly mass.

Ina should have felt disgusted with herself, messing herself worse than almost any of the other Hololive members thus far. But instead, what should have been a face of humiliation and defeat was replaced with one of pure ecstasy. Drool starting to run down her face, it was clear that the usually pure girl was now in a similar or stronger state of arousal than the Ancient Ones. Naturally, they were very much aware of this, and now wanted to reward Ina in the best way possible for the show she put on for them. The tentacle which was massaging her front increased its pace and intensity, eliciting some eccentric groans from the otherwise pure vtuber. What she wasn’t expecting, however, was for the rear tentacle that was probing her to start rubbing her filthy backside in a similar manner.

This drove Ina wild. Her body started gyrating forward and back to match the motions of the Ancient Ones against her. What used to be groans and incomprehensible speech escalated into howls and moans, as if she was an animal in heat.

“F-fu… Fuck, FUCK!”

Screams erupted from the usually reserved artist as she exploded in bliss, releasing a powerful orgasm. Any sense of self-preservation left her body along with her sexual juices as she soiled her already dirty panties with her cum. Just like that, in what was possibly no longer than five minutes, Ina had her world turned upside-down. Having accomplished their mission, the Ancient Ones retracted their tentacles back into the half-conscious girl, allowing her to fall to the floor and returning control of her body to her. Utilizing the last of her strength, she sent out a tweet to let her fans know she had to cancel her stream for the day. Her eyes heavy, she made no attempt to clean herself up, passing out on the floor for a well-deserved nap.

*003*2021-04-10 21:47

{{16 hours ago, desperation21 said:

Every one of your fanfics have been perfect. Now allow me to get on my hands and knees and beg for anything Nyanners

}}

Lol, glad you enjoy them. Right now my focus is on Hololive, and I've got about 6 generations (8-9 if you include ID and the potential next EN gen) to go through, but a lot of people have expressed interest in VShojo. So in the kind of distant future, you may see stuff for Nyan, Mousey, Mel, Froot, Hime, Zen, Silver (and Vei now too). But it will be while. I think next gen I'm doing it Hololive Gen "0" (Sora, Miko, Roboco, Suisei and AZKi), so hopefully you'll be excited for that.

