Riley's Adventures in College - Page 2

Author: Logan543

*026*2021-06-19 23:10

Back in the present Natalie was struggling. She had her hands jammed in her crotch and was trying desperately to not leak. She had a 3 hour car ride ahead of her and both her bowels and bladder were filled. She shook her legs up and down constantly. Her stomach churned and gurgled loudly. She put in headphones to pass the time and tried listening to some music. For the next hour she listened to music while in immense discomfort. She kept ripping silent farts that reeked but she didn’t care, it helped relieve just a bit of pressure. Her piss urge would sometimes rear its ugly head and she would be forced to jam her hand into her privates. She could see her sister put her nose into her shirt in response to the smell but she didn’t care about that either. After the hour mark Natalie’s eyes felt heavy, and despite her ugent toilet need, she managed to doze off.

She woke up to the sound of a loud ripping sound. She wasn’t sure what it was at first but then she realized it was her fart. The car’s windows were down but you could still smell a faint gassy smell. Natalie blushed slightly as she realized she must’ve been ripping ass while she had dozed off. Just then a pang hit her bladder intensely and Natalie jammed her hands in her crotch. Her stomach churned as well and a wet fart forced its way out. “Honey, are you alright back there?” her mom asked, looking very concerned. “Y-yeah,” she said wiggling in her seat “Just still really need a pee.” Natalie’s sister Maria still had her nose buried in her shirt “Smells like more than a pee.” Natalie turned redder and stammered “Well yeah, I need to take a dump as well, I told you guys I didn’t get to use the toilet at all this morning.” she said shifting in her seat. Her poop made a rush for the exit, so she was forced to tense her body and squeeze her cheeks.

She moaned a little. “Don’t worry hun, we’re only 10 minutes away.” her mom said sympathetically. Even her dad, who hours ago was pissed off, felt bad. “I’ll try to go as fast as I can, okay Nat?” her dad said to her. Natalie ripped a wet sounding fart and cried out “Yes, please do!” while jiggling in place. Sammy couldn’t help but make fun of her older sister for getting herself into this predicament. “Beer shits hit hard the next morning, huh?” she said to her sister, barely looking up from her phone. “Sammy, shut the fuck up,” Natalie replied, still jiggling in her seat. “And all that bent up beer just begging to come out?” she said next. This causes a spurt to shoot out of Natalie and slightly dampen her blue panties. “I’m gonna kill you later.” she growled but Sammy just laughed in response.

Finally, they pulled into the parking lot of Sammy’s dorm. Natalie unbuckled her seat belt and yelled to her dad “Please, just let me out, I have to run in now.” Her dad stopped the brakes, he didn’t want her to stain his car and he still felt a bit guilty. Natalie got out and immediately shoved her hands into her crotch. Getting out so quickly caused her bladder to spasm and it had come close to making her flood her leggings. She made a yelp noise and hurried towards the front entrance. She ran but also was squeezing her thighs together tightly making it hard to go quick.

As she ran she ripped another wet sounding fart, luckily she was not around anyone when she did. She had her cheeks clamped to prevent her wet poop from pouring out. She came upon the tables where the RAs and other staff were checking people in. “Fuck!” she thought to herself. Natalie had completely forgotten that Sammy hadn’t gotten her key yet, she wouldn’t be able to get into the room. Now Natalie didn’t normally like people knowing about her toilet needs, but messing and pissing herself would be 1000x worse.

She ran up to a table with a redhead and blue hair girl just got done giving another person their key.. Natalie tried to maintain her composure when she got up there, but she had her legs still crossed firmly and her butt remained clenched. “Hi!” the redhead girl said excitedly. Natalie smiled back and talked quickly, bobbing up and down the whole time. “Hey! So my sister is moving into the dorm and my parents are just parking the car but I reallyyyyyy need to go to the restroom, can I have her key please.” Natalie said this sentence at a million miles per minute. As she said this she noticed the blue hair girl had her hands buried in her crotch and tightened up when she mentioned the word bathroom.

Sydney laughed and said “Yeah sure, I just need your sister’s name and some ID to prove you have the same last name and you’re good to go.” Natalie smiled and shook more violently knowing that relief was near. “Sammy. Sammy Allen.” she said as she reached into the waistband of her tights and pulled out her phone. She pulled her ID out of a pocket attached to the phone and shoved it to the girl, shaking as she did. The girl checked it and handed it back to Natalie then she pulled out the card which displayed a smiling Sammy. “Toilet is in room 417,” the redhead said with a smile. “Oh my God, thank you, thank you so much I owe you my life.” she said sprinting away from the table. “Damn,” Sydney said to Brie, “That chick needed a piss BAD!” Brie shook her legs and pushed her knees together. “I know the feeling,” she muttered to herself. But Sydney was too busy telling the next person to hear.

Natalie shot up the stairs, her hands were jammed into her crotch as she ran. She didn’t care about the stares she got from parents, siblings, and students going down. She moved quickly, maneuvering around people as swiftly as possible. She ripped yet another wet sounding fart as she passed a mom and daughter who stared at her wide-eyed. She couldn’t care less as that fart almost was the end for her. She shot through the door onto the fourth floor. Her eyes scanned the door numbers quickly, looking for 417.

Finally her eyes landed on the numbers, she almost cried with tears of happiness. She jiggled in place and slid the card in the slot, but the button flashed red. “Oh, come on!” she exclaimed as she shook harder and crossed her legs. She slid it the other way and it flashed red again. “You gotta be kidding me!” she said as she grabbed her ass. She started to try it again and as she did a 4 second spurt of urine made a baseball sized wet patch. She scanned it quickly again and it glowed green this time. “Yes!” she yelled out loud and ripped the door open. She was so close, it was right there. She saw the bathroom door on the left and quickly pulled on the handle. It was locked. Fucking locked.

Another spurt shot out of her and further dampened her panties. It hit her, Sammy’s roommate must be in there, she looked around the room and saw half of it was decorated with a college girl’s items. She knocked on the door loudly, she had her one hand shoved in her crotch and the other grabbing her ass, she couldn’t hold still. She normally tried to give people their privacy but she needed in now. “Y-yeah?’ Riley asked shyly. Riley had her pants pulled halfway up, slightly exposing her pink panties. She danced in place wondering who was out there. “Hey Riley, it’s Sammy.

I need to get on that toilet ASAP, can you please let me in. Now!” Sammy said super quickly. She didn’t wanna come off as rude, but she was seconds away from messing herself. Riley blushed furiously as she danced in place, she listened to Natalie’s plea and had one of two options: Let Natalie use it or get relief herself. “Well, I have to shit and Natalie probably just needs a pee, so I’ll let her use it.” Riley decided. Plus she didn’t want Natalie to have to wait for her to drop a load off and make her piss herself. Riley pulled up her shorts and clenched her butt cheeks together, she had to poop so bad.

She opened the door and Natalie was directly outside the door, dancing vigorously in place.

“Thank you so so much, I’m so sorry I woke up late and..” Natalie said as she rushed into the bathroom. Natalie closed the door and slammed onto the toilet. Immediately a torrent of pee came gushing out into the water. Natalie couldn’t help but moan loudly. “Damn, she really needed that piss,” Riley thought as she squirmed in place.

Natalie blushed furiously as the torrent of piss filled the bowl. Outside Riley continues to move around in place, all of the sudden a fart slipped out. It was a bubbly sounding one, loud. Riley prayed that Natalie couldn’t hear it. Luckily for her, the piss sound drowned out all other noise.

“Hurry up, hurry up!” Riley thought as she kept her but tightly clenched. Inside Natalie sighed as her pee came to a close. Just as the last few drops came out she ripped a loud, wet fart that echoed in the toilet bowl. Natalie continued to blush but she felt no shame, she needed this so bad.

Riley was immediately concerned, sure some girls fart when they pee but it’s usually not so wet and loud. She grew even more concerned when a second one ripped out, this time even wetter sounding. Her fears were confirmed when she heard a squelch sound as some mushy poop shot out of Natalie.

Riley bent over and held her stomach, letting out a groan as she did. If she knew Natalie needed a shit she wouldn’t have given up the bathroom.

Natalie gave happy sigh as more diarrhea poured out of her. Drinking always messed up her stomach the next morning, she had had some embarrassing mornings in guys bathrooms after a night of fun.

Riley sighed and decided to throw all shame away, she knocked loudly on the door. “H-hey I hate to rush you but I need to poop so badly. Can you please hurry?”

Natalie immediately felt horrible, this poor girl had been in her own bathroom about to unload and she had ruined it for her. “Oh my god I’m so sorry, yeah I’ll be as quick as I can.” Natalie grunted as she pushed the next two waves out quickly. Heading it all splash into the water below was torture for Riley. Finally she heard Natalie pulling toilet paper.

Natalie wiped as quickly as she could but it wasn’t easy with the mess she had made. She quickly pulled up her pants and flushed. The toilet had a few skid marks around the hole and it smelled terrible, but Natalie knew Riley was just about to make it so much worse.

She opened the door and saw Riley there, shuffling in place and bent over with her hands on her stomach. “Sorry, sorry!” Natalie said as she moved out of the way. Riley couldn’t even muster a response, she just ran in and slammed the door shut. She ripped her jean shorts down and slammed her ass on the toilet. She immediately exploded, as farts mixed with wet poop shot out of her. She covered her mouth to conceal the noise she made from the pure bliss. She had been maybe a minute away from full on messing herself.

A huge fart exploded out of her and more poop made a floomf sound as it hit the water. She blushed a bright red as she sat there, no one had her shit in a long time and she hated that it had to happen now.

Natalie just sat on her sister’s empty bed and scrolled on her phone as she waited for her family to come up. As she listened to Riley blow up the toilet she continued to feel bad that she had delayed her, the girl was clearly desperate. She heard two more rounds of mushy poop squelch out of Riley then heard her start rolling paper.

Riley felt a lot better, she wiped and then flushed. The bathroom smelled horrible from the two girls visit and the toilet had even more skid marks around the toilet. As she left the toilet she couldn’t help but look shyly away from Natalie as she exited.

“Sorry again for holding you up, I didn’t realize-“ Natalie started saying before Riley cut her off. “No! No it’s okay. I get it.” She said with a small laugh. Just then the door opened and Sammy along with her mom and dad walked in.

“Riley! What’s up!” Sammy said with a huge smile as she hugged Riley tightly. “Good thing I already pooped” Riley thought. She smiled back and said “Good to see you, can’t believe it. College!”

Sammy’s mom opened the door, Riley had closed it to save some of the smell. “Oh my god, Natalie that reeks!” Riley and Natalie both grimaced. Natalie didn’t want to throw Riley under the bus so she just laughed and said, “Hey, I told you I had to go!” She covered her nose and walked in. “God, you destroyed this toilet.” She said as she shut the door and unbuttoned her jeans to try and pee as quickly as possible. “Hey when a girl has to go.” Natalie said with a smile towards Riley.

