Princess of Piss: An Omorashi Romance

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2021-05-26 20:55

It's been a while since I've shared my kinky fantasies with you...guess I'd better resume.

I will warn you, as my username suggests, I like skirts and accidents - of both kinds. There's going to be pissing and shitting in knickers in this story.

###

Fujiwara Miyuki squirmed in the seat of her Tesla Model 3 as she winced at the absurdity of her situation. Here she was, a stunningly beautiful 19 year old heiress to a major company mature enough to drive her own car, and yet not mature enough to not be at the edge of having an accident. The large coffee she had had this morning had gone right through her, and now her bladder was swollen full. She had to wee so badly her bare legs were squirming like eels under her little black skirt and she shifted awkwardly in her seat. She thought she would be so mature driving to her university accommodation in her fancy car, and really impress the other girls - maybe so much that one of them would fall in love with her, though she knew that was hopelessly romantic. Now, she wasn't even sure she could make it to the toilet before her little white knickers were soaked, and she would be the laughing stock of everyone.

"Shit, shit, shit..." she cursed as she bounced in her seat. "Not that much longer..."

When the car finally pulled up outside her accommodation, Miyuki was actually surprised she hadn't drenched her skirt already. But the dash to the toilets would be the real challenge. She undid her seat belt and scrambled out of the car, feeling a hot spurt of wee soak her knickers. Why was this happening to her? Barely managing to get it under control, she staggered to the door and knocked.

Answering it was Suzuki Naoko, a gorgeous, athletic young lady in a blue skirt and black cardigan. Everything about this lady and the way she looked at Miyuki was cool, and Miyuki could tell that she was checking her out, too...but she was about to piss herself. Why did it have to be this way? She'd be a laughing stock.

"I'm so sorry," said Miyuki, "but I really have to go to the toilet. Please can I use your toilet?"

She clutched her crotch and shuffled her little feet to demonstrate.

"Oh, I'm afraid my friend is in there now," said Naoko. "I guess you'll just have to wait."

"But I can't wait," said Miyuki, tearful. "I'm about to wee...please..."

"Well, you'll just have to wet your knickers then," said Naoko. "And I'd love to watch, if you don't mind."

The shock of the comment to Miyuki, whose ideas of sexual pleasure were limited to some fun with vibrators, was so much that she simply lost control and began to wee her skirt on the spot.

"But...you...I..." said Miyuki, beginning to cry as she pissed a waterfall down her legs. Naoko began to breathe faster as her pussy became moist from the sight of Miyuki's accident.

"Don't cry," said Naoko. "It's just a little accident that can happen to anyone."

Miyuki sniffed. "So can I...have a shower?"

"Sure," said Naoko. "And how about I come and join you?"

Miyuki had never been propositioned like this before. But she wasn't going to say no to such a gorgeous woman.

"...OK?" Miyuki said awkardly. "Sounds fun."

Looking down at her urine-streaked legs, Miyuki removed her soaked shoes and socks and entered the shower. As she removed her wet clothes, her heart raced in anticipation of what was going to happen next. While she'd never admit it to Naoko, she was a virgin, and she never thought she'd lose it like this. Sure enough, as she got the water running, Naoko came in naked. She was so beautiful Miyuki could say nothing. Her awe was then distracted by the shower running too cold.

"Ow!" said Miyuki.

"I'll help you with that," said Naoko, setting it to a more comfortable temperature. Her hand then moved from the dial to around Miyuki's bottom, and they began to embrace and kiss. Then, her hand slipped down to Miyuki's pussy. It felt so good that Miyuki could feel herself coming to orgasm after only a short time. She panted as the passion built inside her until she let out the most spectacular climax. Naoko was overwhelmed with passion and came herself, both ladies squealing from the intensity until they returned to their senses.

"That was so hot," said Miyuki. "So good..."

"I am rather good at it," said Naoko. "Seeing a woman have an accident like you did really turns me on."

"Well, that's an odd thing," said Miyuki. "I've never heard of that before. Maybe I'm just sheltered."

"It's called omorashi," said Naoko, "and it's such fun. I can make you into a princess of piss, if you want."

"Well, that does sound...interesting," said Miyuki. "But first, I'd like to get my things from the car. And get some dry clothes on."

"Understandable," said Naoko.

*002*2021-05-31 21:44

{{On 5/28/2021 at 6:13 PM, JuliusSlouchy said:

Lesbians and omo fetish? Hell yeah, I'm intro it!

}}

I'm a guy myself but it's fun to write something different from my usual straight wetting stories where a guy gets turned on by a woman's accident.

