Last Daughter of Krypton - Page 3

Author: Nimbus

*050*2012-08-15 01:42

{{: 

Oh OK then.

}}

Yeah sorry about that, I'm trying to stay as true to both the comics and smallville as I can.

*052*2012-08-15 01:49

{{:

Perhaps she could appear in another story then?

}}

Definitely, as soon as I finish my summer line up and post your yu-gi-oh request, assuming you still want it?

*054*2012-08-15 02:18

{{:

Yes I definitely still want it.

}}

Ok then, it will be out before September hopefully.

*055*2012-09-01 20:19

I've been so lazy lately. Honestly I've had to give a lot of things up and I still have barely enough time to breath. With labor day this weekend though, I intend to get out as much as I had previously intended to. So with this being the pre-finale to this "Season" of Last daughter of Krypton, I shall just start the story.

Kara leaned back in her seat as she examined Jimmy. Her eyes took in every detail of her red-headed friend. She stuck out the tip of her tongue as she made a few quick, yet steady lines across her large sheet of paper. A few more and she had a light sketch of Jimmy. She gave it a once over before looking up to Jimmy. "Whatcha think?" She asked with a grin.

"I think I'm glad to be able to move now." He chuckled breaking his immobilization. "But the picture look's amazing! You could be a comic book artist!"

"Thanks, but I think I'll work at Waynetech."

"Really?"

"Yeah, I fancy myself a bit of a scientist." Kara said with a grin as she went to turn in her project.

"Never would have figured." Linda spoke up after finishing her sketch of a bowl of fruit. "I mean you drew a human being and got it looking perfect, I drew a bowl of fruit that looks like it should be hanging up on a fridge with a macaroni frame."

"Eh, you have to be a little artistic to design some things for the eccentric Mr. Bruce Wayne."

"That's for sure." Jimmy said simply as he scrawled a few clumsy lines to catch up on his project. "I swear he's partially insane."

Oh if only you knew. Kara thought with a smirk. "Eccentric." Kara replied just before the bell rang, signalling the end of class. She and Jimmy made their way to English class. She pulled up the waist of her red skinny jeans, making sure it hid the diaper's waistband. She then made sure her blue formfitting v-neck at least went to the top of her back pockets before catching up to Jimmy. They were halfway to class when Kara's eyes caught a figure that sent a shiver up her spine.

"Jimmy who is that?" She asked pointing to a lean, average height boy with dark hair. The same boy who attacked the teenagers in the truck. Only much thinner and shorter.

"That's Tom Jean." Jimmy said simply. Then a smirk formed on his lips. "Getting tired of Zach?"

"Not a chance." Kara muttered simply as her eyes followed the confident teens steps as he walked, his arm around some blonde bimbo.

"If you say so." He chuckled as they entered English class. Kara rolled her eyes as the day went on. It wasn't long before the school day ended and Kara found herself trailing behind Tom. There had been six other super human attacks in the town, each pinned on Supergirl from a certain red-headed reporter. She needed the reports to stop and for the attacker to be apprehended, and who better to do it than SUPERgirl?

She slipped out her nose ring once she was out of sight and felt her body change. Her clothes were a little short on her and the waist band of her diaper was revealed but she kept following Tom till he stopped at a large farming property.

She remained hidden behind a bush as he entered a clearly busy household, she needed to see him transform into that monster again. But how long before that happened if ever. Her eyes drifted to a second barn, one more run down and remote. She cast a quick glance over to the house, unsure if it would be safe to enter. A pang in her bladder told her it was worth the risk. Moving at the speed of sound she entered the barn within seconds. Once in her eyes drifted around in shock. Several tables held canisters and flasks and testubes of various chemicals, but the thing that cuaght her eye was a barrel with the word "Venom". Kara recognized the chemical as the one Bane used. Her eyes went wide as she approached it cautiously, examining the barrel. It was still over half full. She gulped. "How did he get a hold of that?" She asked herself. She contemplated what to do when she heard the door open. Her first instinct was to run, but she decided against it.

"Who are you?" He asked, startled at the sight of her.

Hopping on the barrel with her legs crossed to contain her bladder she spoke. "The question is, how did you get your hands on venom?"

"I... I got tired of being to "meek" to be on the football team. I searched for the best steroids I could find, this venom thing... it's side-effects are too potent though, I've been trying to experiment on it."

"You... you can't do that! People are getting hurt because of your experiments. Because you aren't in control."

"Oh that?.. no, that is part of my experiment. I'm in control mostly. I have a strong urge to utilize my strength that's overwhelming. But it's my choice on who I hurt."

"You... you monster!"

"That's no way to speak to me." He moved fast, injecting a needle into his arm. the effects were instantaneous as her turned into a hulking monster once again. He threw Kara through the barn before she could react. As the dust and rubble settled Kara emerged, she tore her torn clothing from her body revealing her kryptonian suit.

"You! You're that superbrat!" He called aloud. Kara rolled her eyes as she leaped forward, tackling him to the ground as her bladder simply gave out.

As she began to pound her fists against his face hot pee began to flood into her diaper, the fabric absorbed the liquid turning even the outside of the diaper yellow as it began to sag between her legs. Still easily concealed by her mini-skirt.

Tom flung her off of him, sending her crashing into the wall, sending splinters of wood flying. She was on her feet in seconds, moving like a blur as she sent Tom to the ground. She slammed the heel of her boot into his chest.

"Is that a used diaper under your skirt?" He asked as her pose made it visible to him. Kara blushed, momentarily vulnerable. Tom tackled her to the ground looming over her he grinned. "You can stop me now, but I'll always be able to come back."

"I don't think so." Kara said kicking him in the torso, his body made an arc before slamming against the barrel, destroying the thin metal shell releasing gallons of the venom toxin into the earth and the open wounds on Tom's back from the metal.

Kara flinched back, worried he would transform to something even stronger. Instead his body began to convulsed before going limp. He was dead. Kara killed someone. Her eyes were wide as she panicked. Then she noticed the bystander, most likely coming to check what the ruckus was, only to find Tom dead and Kara looming over him. She escaped the scene in a blur, knowing it was too late. Jimmy would publish an article calling out Supergirl as a villain.

*056*2012-09-05 00:07

And now, I present the [season] finale to Last Daughter of Krypton.

Kara felt strangely when she awoke the next day. She had failed to wear a diaper the night before so asa consequence her bed was soaked in cool urine. She barely noticed it though, her mind was on the death of her victim. She hadn't intended for things to have escalated so quickly, but now there was nothing she could do. She all but dragged herself to the shower. She stripped from her underwear and tossed it in the hamper before entering the tub and starting the hot shower.

She scrubbed her body with the bar of soap till she felt clean. A difficult task when her hands were tainted with blood. she stood in the running water for a few moments longer, her shoulders slumped. She quickly cleaned her hair with vanilla scented shampoo before stepping into the cool air, steam billowing in the bathroom. She wrapped the towel around her body and retreated to her room. She pulled on a white lacy bra and a diaper, before slipping into dark skinny jeans and pulling a form fitting mid-riff v-neck over her torso. She finished off her attire with her nose ring and her signature pink converse and light blue no-show socks. She barely had the stomach to eat her breakfast consisting of eggs and bacon. She was out of the house just in time to catch her bus. The entire group of passengers seemed to be mourning their classmates death.

She felt like a hypocrite to sit among them, but sit she did. She kept to herself as her gaze was fixed on the country side as the bus made its way to a school in mourning.

"It's unnatural. How many people are dying." One blonde bimbo spoke to her friend.

"Their being murdered Amy." Her friend replied, her tone heavy with disgust with her friend, or perhaps the murderer. "By the super imposter." She scowled. Kara resisted the urge to cry, she hated the accusations surrounded her alter ego. She hated the deaths she wasn't able to prevent and she hated that she had caused a death herself.

She ambled through the halls upon arriving at school, making her way to art. She didn't need the nurses approval on her diaper. She hated that too. She was sixteen years old, technically older, but she was still stuck in diapers because her body decided to stop telling her when she needed to use the bathroom. She dropped her backpack next to her chair as she took her seat across from Jimmy. Of course he slid the Smallvile Torch right under her nose. The headline read "So called Supergirl Strikes again."

It told of how Supergirl killed Tom as seen by his mother. The destruction on the all ready crumbling barn, the census now considers her a monster out for blood. Kara maintained a straight face as she read the article then gave Jimmy a weak smile. "Looks like she really is a villain." Kara shrugged handing it back to him.

"Too bad, she's really hot." Jimmy muttered. Kara rolled her eyes and leaned back in her chair.

"It seems really terrifying that this person is still at large. She creates a wake of destruction everytime she's seen." Linda commented softly as she started her new art project.

"Kara Kent, report to the nurse's office immediately." The secretary spoke over the intercom. Kara cringed, knowing that the nurse was going to lecture her. She sighed and strolled to the office reluctantly. Her head hung as she entered the room with her cheeks bright red.

"So explain to me why you stole from me." Nurse Goodness said the instant Kara entered the room.

"Uh, what?"

"A metallic coaster that has no value whatsoever unless you can read the inscription on it."

"Uhm... I don't know what-"

"Don't play stupid with me!" The nurse interrupted with a shout. She quickly regained her composure. "So I briefly wondered why someone would take a kyrptonian key, then it dawned on me. Miss Kara Zor-El, a bit younger than you should be aye?"

"What? That's preposterous!"

"Maybe so, but let's see." She popped open a led lined box and withdrew a green glowing stone and discarded it in Kara's general direction. She instantly dropped to her knees in agony as every single one of her veins were visible and her bladder emptied itself into her diaper. She swatted it away, but not before Nurse Goodness kicked her in the chest. A sharp slash with a paddle across her face sent her into unconsciousness.

Kara awoke hours later in what appeared to be a large crib. Her hands and feet were bound to the bars and in her mouth was a pacifier lined with gold kryptonite. Her chest was bare and her groin was only covered by a fresh diaper. Her nose ring had been removed and she was in her ordinary appearance. Kara struggled against her binds futilely. she attempted to asses her surroundings but her view obscured by this and that. eventually however Nurse Goodness leaned over the crib with a wicked grin.

"I thougth it would be fitting that the baby would be in it's natural habitat. Of course you are a disappointment to me. When I was sent her from apokalips for a new female fury, I was expecting more from the last daughter of krytpon. I hoped she would at least have control over her bladder." She snorted. "However, I've worked with worse, granted not much worse, but still. I'll mold you into the greatest gladiator of Apokolips. Or kill you in the process." She said with a shrug and left. It wasn't long before Kara felt a familiar cramp in her stomach. With nothing to do but really feel the sensation, she squirmed in pain. She squinted and rolled side to side as best as she could manage. She tried to blow the pacifier from her mouth to utilize her strength and break free, but the pacifier seemed suction cupped to her lips.

She felt sick to her stomach and it wasn't long before short puffs of gas were released, not long after her bowels emptied itself into her diaper. Kara felt putrid as her diaper filled with slimy feces. Tears formed in her eyes as she struggled to break free, but she was still bound tightly. However Nurse Goodness appeared soon.

"You messed yourself?" She asked in disgust. "It looks like the training begins now with a little punishment." She flicked a switch and in a complicated series of maneuvers from the crib ended up with Kara on her back. Nurse Goodness quickly threw away the diaper and cleaned Kara's butt with baby wipes. Then she freed Kara! Kara didn't get a chance to act before a paddle with kryptonite studs smacked her sending her slamming into a two-way mirror. She was on the other end and could see the nurses office from it. She turned around to find herself in some creepy dungeon. However Nurse Goodness bound her with metallic clasps against the wall.

The nurse spent the next ten minutes slamming the paddle against Kara's bare ass. If the pacifier hadn't been there Kara would have been bawling, instead tears silently fell to the floor. Then Linda entered the nurse's office with a reddened tissue against her nose. The nurse gave an exasperated sigh before leaving Kara shackled to tend to Linda's bloody nose.

"What seems to be the problem?" The nurse asked her in the other room.

Linda informed her and let her sit in the office till her nose stopped bleeding. Then an announcement called the nurse to another room. She cast a backwards glance at the mirror before leaving the room. Kara felt so helpless, her friend a short distance away but unable to see or hear her. Kara slammed her head against the mirror, a faint knocking sound would be heard from the other end. Linda quickly inspected the mirror, placing her finger against the reflection. She mouthed the words, "Two-way." Then entered the door the Nurse left when Linda first came into the office.

"You! You're that monster." Linda felt terrified and considered running.

Kara could only shake her head tearfully. Seeing this Linda approached reluctantly and instantly fixated her vision on the pacifier. She clicked a button on the handle and it fell from Kara's mouth.

"It's me, your friend, Kara Kent." Kara blurted out with a whimper.

"What.. no." Linda said stepping back.

"It's true." Kara quickly explained everything. Giving away her biggest secret to her best friend.

"It's true." Nurse Goodness confirmed stepping into the room with a sinister smile. Linda quickly stood up to her only to be slapped away. Kara wasted no time to react and slammed into her tackling Nurse Goodness to the ground and began to pummel her with her super strength. She beat her to a pulp when someone with even more strength than herself tore her away.

Superman loomed next to her, having came in from the window in search of Kara after hearing the reports in the Smallville Torch. "I can't let you stay here, so raw and untrained. With no limit to your violence... I'm sending you to Paradise Island to learn under the capable hands of Diana." He said, his voice cold and filled with disappointment. He cast Linda a quick glance, noting she seemed to be unconscious her would come back for her later. He flew Kara, still nude, from the location immediately.

Incredibly rushed I hope you enjoyed it all the same. Please leave critism and comments below.

