Planet Uncharted

Author: Fae_Enby

*000*2023-06-01 06:12

Preface: Hey guys sorry its a long one and hope you enjoy! Apologies if there are some grammar and spelling issues and let me know what you think!

Title: Planet uncharted

Warning: This story contains messing (contained), sex, and fantasy violence. Read at your own discretion.

Chapter 1: A great team

A screech echoes from deep in the forest. You find yourself entrenched in a fierce battle. The creatures you are engaged with are straight out of a horror novel. Close enough to look human from a distance but they move in unnerving and frantic ways. While you fire a frenzy of blasts into the beasts, a haunting click breaks the constant sounds of rifle fire. Your pulse rifle stops firing. After a brief pause, you begin to rapidly pull the trigger. All you hear is a clicking with no pulse shot. The creatures begin to realize what’s happening and start slowly moving in. You freeze for just a moment to think, but one of the creatures uses this as an opportunity to lunge at you. These unsightly monsters are human-like with pale skin and have only black holes where their eyes should be.

Their unnatural jaws unhinge with razor sharp teeth that rip through flesh like butter. The biggest one you’ve heard of was 10 feet tall. Luckily the one trying to make you lunch was on the smaller side. With lighting speed you drop your rifle and dodge the first blow. Quick on your feet, you whip out your R-1 tool from your belt and manage to stab the abomination with a fatal blow. It lets out a scream as it falls to the forest floor spewing black oily blood all over your arm and tool. But before you can even get your bearings again more creatures begin to surround you. Starting to back up, R-1 blade drawn, you try to analyze the best possible way out. The kill you got made them wary but they still were approaching you. After slowly walking backwards for a few moments you finally hit a dead end. It’s a tree. You are pinned between these creatures and the tree at your back.

There is no way out from this. The realization dawns on you. This could be it. A loud crackling noise can be heard and a mushy feeling in the seat of your suit, creating a now ever growing bulge protruding from your firm and plump rear. A warm wet patch starts spreading across your crotch and sliding down the sides of your thighs. Eventually it even starts to shoot out of the fabric onto the ground below you. The warm liquid starts to fill your boots. It feels like standing on the shore with your shoes.You are soiling yourself. Just before the next creature lunges at you, you shake your head and snap yourself out of it, narrowly dodging the creature. This could be the end but you’ll be damned if you don’t die without a fight. So with a yell, you continue to fight on.

But just as you are about to launch forward, a loud thunderous light hits the ground surrounding you. There was a bright flash that knocked you into a sitting position. Before you can even register the mess you now sit in, the line of smaller creatures in front of you are incinerated. It's your partner, Jesse. While he was skidding down from the side of an overhang, particle rifle in hand, he tossed a particle grenade into the grouping of creatures.

Still sliding down the hill, he begins to fire a barrage of rounds into the rest of the creatures in front of you. He had come just in time. You can feel the heat of embarrassment fill your face for the current “situation” your suit is in but you choose to ignore it for now. You climb to your feet and pull out your R-1 tool. You run toward the distracted creatures. Every step feels like you’re walking through a marsh with your socks on. With a frenzy of swings your R-1 tool slices through the creatures with ease. They all begin to fall one by one with each slash of your blade.

These hell spawn are able to land a few blows however. The hits mark up your armor and shake you around a bit, but you are able to quickly parry each lunge. While in the tango of combat you look over your left shoulder to see that Jesse is not far from you. You begin to fight desperately in order to get to him. With every swing, the mushy bulge in your suit grows more apparent, spreading with each calculated stride. The tightness of the suit allowed for damage control, but it could only do so much. You can feel it squishing all over your lower body. As you push forward with your soiled suit fight you begin to notice the creatures thinning out. Jesse is now only a stone's throw away. Locking eyes for a moment he screams “Catch!” and tosses his particle revolver to you. Catching it with ease you pull the hammer back and start firing. The both of you make quick work of what remains. You and Jesse fight like a well oiled machine. The two of you really are the perfect team.

As the both of you continue to slaughter these abominations you can see the moral of these creatures change. Those that remain begin to retreat and scurry back into the deep wooded forests. As the last of the creatures fall and the remaining run away, you plop to a kneeling position. It is over. Sitting down to catch your breath you can feel the mess spread around the seat of your suit. It was so dirty and primal. You feel so embarrassed. But for some reason, this feeling coupled with acting like a frightened animal is starting to have another effect. You begin to tremble a bit.

“Am I turned on?” This question echoes within your mind. It’s so dirty and naughty… you start to get excited. But the feeling doesn’t last long as Jesse is beginning to walk over to you. The last thing you need for him to do is figure out this turns you on. It’s already going to be embarrassing for you to be seen by him like this, let alone that you are enjoying it. Jesse walks over to you and extends his hand, you grab it reluctantly and he pulls you to your feet. Your face is hot and red. You pray you can survive the embarrassment.

You think back to how this day started. Ever since you landed on this planet you’ve been running combat drills with Jesse, who is a skilled veteran in these forests. Your two person team has scored highly in each combat scenario. It helps that Jesse is so skilled. Some around the compound even say that he is one of the best. With all your drills done, today was your first mission. The real deal. It was time to put all that training into action. A flood of thoughts are rushing through your mind while getting geared up. You look in the mirror inside your locker.

A lean and skinny reflection with pretty wide hips, a plump rear, and decent “package” is staring back at you. Your feminine frame makes you a bit of a target for others. Coupled with your long hair, people often misidentified you as a woman from behind. Despite this lean frame, you were not a weak fighter. On the contrary, it allows you to be extremely dexterous. Throughout the combat drills you and Jesse took part in you two always came out on top. Your combat styles complimented each other perfectly. Going through your locker you grab the first part of the outfit, the body suit. Beginning at the top you pull the zipper down and bring it to your legs. It is a skintight black bodysuit.

This suit keeps you warm in the sub zero temperatures on this planet. Inside it is a thermal coating that has a temperature control gauge built into it. You first slide each leg in one by one. After getting your legs in, you attempt to pull it over your butt but it gets a little tight around there. So with a quick tug, you manage to pull it over your plump posterior. It was a little tight fighting on you, but you like it that way. It fits nicely and snugly on your body. As you finish pulling the suit up, you can overhear Jesse talking to another team in the spa area. The team had just gotten back from a mission and were just chatting as they got clean and relaxed.

“Yeah I just go in the suit now,” one man says with a laugh. “What’s the point of trying to hold it in? You’re in those below freezing temperatures for hours and it hurts to hold!” a woman's voice protests. The planet is close to if not lower than -30 degrees on a decent day. It’s even colder at night. This jumpsuit must be worn at all times while out in the field to avoid injury or in worse cases death. You and a team of over 1,500 scientists brave these conditions to collect specific plants that are key in treating diseases back on your home world.

The coalition government also believes that if explored further, it can find a chemical compound known as X-2. This compound offers an almost unlimited supply of energy. This endless supply could help to end the energy wars being fought by the nations that broke away from the coalition. Needless to say the suit was designed to grant the user the ability to stay out for hours at a time in these hazardous conditions. It's the perfect hazmat suit.

However, it did have some downsides. The suit was next to impossible to take off without someone else’s help. Between the deadly freezing temperatures and difficulty of getting the suit off, let’s just say having a bathroom break during a mission is for the most part impossible. To combat this issue, the suits have a puffy absorbent underwear that you put on before you slip into it. It’s meant to take the place of a bathroom just in case you really have to go. As you hold this “underwear” in your hand, you can hear Jesse's voice chime into the conversation outside the locker room. “Yeah and it’s really bad for my focus.

I need all my attention to be on the moment at hand. Ready for a fight at any moment”. As you adjust the temperature of your suit, you completely tune out of the conversation to focus on getting the temperature accurate. You can’t believe they actually use this “underwear”. It looks and feels like a diaper. You decide to put the suit on without it. You would just feel too silly wearing it. As you put it away in your locker, Jesse comes into the room to start getting ready as well. He looks at the underwear left in your locker.

“Not going to wear it huh?” He says with a puzzled look. “I just feel a little ridiculous wearing it. I’ll be able to hold it so I’m not really all that worried” you say as you motion for him to zip up the back of your suit. “If you say so” he says with a sigh. He pulls the zipper up your back and now the suit is on you nice and tight. You turn around to face him at his locker. He doesn’t have a suit on, all he's only in his boxer briefs. You try not to stare at the noticeable bulge coming from his crotch. You are thinking to yourself that it has to be big. Jesse is also easy on the eyes to boot. He has a lean but muscular body type, much like yours, but not as “curvy” as yours. You can’t help but steal a few more glances before he gets the jump suit on. As you bite your lip you quickly pretend to be staring somewhere else as his head comes up from getting the suit over his legs. You pretend to be going through your locker as he slips his arms into the suit.

“Can you get mine now?” he asks. You delicately grab the zipper and pull it up from his lower back up to the nape of his neck. Once it’s zipped up you both quickly finish getting the armor and gear attached to magnetic spaces outside of your body suits. Your outfit looks badass and compliments your features well. It’s not only practical, but you look damn good in it. That diaper would make you feel and look ridiculous. You’ll just go to the bathroom when you get back. You both grab your R-1 slicing tool, particle rifle, rations, and any other type of weapon/tool you may need and begin your walk up to the exit doors together. You take a deep breath as the exit doors slowly swing open. While taking the first steps out into the gloomy frigid forest a chill runs up your spine. “This is it”. With a deep breath you start to step forward, completely unaware of the chaos and mess that awaits.

Back to the present time Jesse helps get you on your feet. “I’m so glad you are alright. I’m sorry we got separated but you can really hold your own''. Jesse says. You just give an awkward smile as you look down, face beet red. Jesse grabs your shoulders and lifts your head up with his hand. “Hey don’t worry, it happens to everyone. This is why we all wear that underwear. It’s okay Atlas, you don’t have to feel embarrassed. You still kicked ass and kept fighting regardless so you should be proud of yourself.” He says trying to get you to look at him.

“Sometimes scary shit happens and fear takes over. You can’t always control what your body does in those moments. So next time, put the underwear on, I promise it’ll be a lot more comfortable than this. Everyone says they just go when they have to. But that’s not true” as you tilt your head in confusion Jesse goes on. “You see Atlas, no one knows if it’s used from fear or just because you don’t want to hold it anymore. It’s the perfect excuse”. You look at Jesse in the eyes and shake yourself out of it. His words made you feel a little bit less embarrassed. “I’ll be sure to put it on before we leave next time” you say begrudgingly. Picking your particle rifle off the ground, the two of you push forward.

A few hours have passed now without incident. You’ve been walking around collecting samples and making sure to be vigilant of your surroundings. This forest is huge and almost seems endless. Jesse has just finished scraping off a sample from one of the tall pine like trees that surround you. “Alright Atlas,” he says, putting the last sample into a baggy “let's head back.” These words are like music to your ears. You can’t wait to get back to the compound and get out of this soiled suit and shower. Jesse comes to his feet and the two of you begin the long march back single file to the compound. You are both scanning the tree lines back and forth with your particle rifles ready for any attack. But no such attack happens. It’s quiet.

As you walk you can feel the mess you are in moving around. The dirty feeling from wearing your suit is starting to turn you on. It’s so naughty. You try not to think about it to avoid getting a different kind of noticeable bulge in your suit. The one around your rear end is enough. What feels like an hour goes by of just silence, so you go to say something to start a conversation. Anything to distract yourself. As you go to open your mouth, a screech echoes and reverberates through trees and your bones. You both stop dead in your tracks. You begin to hear the sounds of something running. And it’s getting closer with each step. Jesse signals for you two to stop and crouch behind a nearby bush. As you scan the tree line back and forth you see it.

This thing towers over the area. It has to be at least 15 feet tall. This nightmare worthy creature begins to move around, twitching and clicking while it moves. “It may be a brood mother,” Jesse whispers. “Let’s let her pass”. Jesse is crouched in front of you, rifle ready. Holding your breath the lumbering giant begins to walk past the bush. But, just before you think it’s about to pass it stops for a moment. Almost like it senses the both of you. Rifle at the ready you just stare at it. It starts to sniff all around the area. With a grumble, the horrifying creature turns and looks toward the bush you and Jesse are at. You freeze with your rifle in hand. You can feel warm liquid pooling at the seat of your suit and dripping to the dirt patch underneath where you’re crouching.

Just as you were about to yell at yourself for losing control again, you hear a crackling wet sound in front of you. It’s Jesse. You look down to see the seat of his suit begin to bulge. He is soiling himself. Unlike you however, Jesse is wearing the special “underwear” and it’s doing a great job of keeping his mess contained. As the crackling continues the creature is just standing there looking at the bush. You both lift your rifles.

As Jesse whispers “on my mark” another noise far off in the forest catches the creature's attention. It lets out a loud roar and skitters off into the darkness, away from the both of you. Jesse signals to rise up out of the bush. “As I just demonstrated, it happens to all of us.” he says with a sigh of relief. “At least I don’t have to go anymore”. You let out a small chuckle.“Let’s get back to base.” Jesse smiles and gives an affirmative nod. The two of you begin to move again and after what feels like an eternity, you finally arrive back at the large gates of the compound safe and sound.

As Jesse enters the password at the keypad to get in, he begins to speak. “It’s night time so I don’t think anyone will be up. I’ll help hide you until you can get back to our room to get out of your suit and shower.” The door begins to open. “ I’ll take the suit to get cleaned at the washing machines in the locker room. You just focus on cleaning yourself.” As you look down with shame, you mutter a “Thank you” as Jesse finishes typing the code. He grabs your hand pulling you forward. “Now stay behind me and let’s get you to the room”. As you both quickly and quietly make way toward your shared room you can feel your heart begin to race. You can't believe he’s holding your hand. Between that cool headed voice, his body, and how soiled your suit is; you can’t help but get excited.

“What is wrong with me? How could this be making me turned on,” you think to yourself, “This is so gross I don’t understand how I’m enjoying this. Anyone else in this position would be ashamed.” You try to push these thoughts aside to focus on getting clean. Jesse makes his way to the door, opens it up, and pulls you inside. You both quickly close the door behind you. You turn around and face the inside of the dorm. It’s a modest area with a widescreen TV. The TV sits on an entertainment system opposite a red couch. In front of that couch is a white circular rug.

On the opposite side of that area, there are beds. Between the king sized beds is a soundproof divider. It's great when one of you needs some privacy. The mattresses are some of the best you have ever slept on. You could swear you are sleeping on clouds. Next to the last bed is the door to the bathroom area. The bathroom is huge with heated floors. Inside, there are two showers and two toilets complete with a double sink placed perfectly between the showers. Each end of the bathroom has a toilet as well. For added privacy each, toilet and shower is surrounded by a soundproof stall.Jesse motions you to the bathroom “Alright go in there and take off your suit.

Before you get in the shower just throw it outside the stall door and I’ll take care of it”. You go into the bathroom and walk to your stall. You quickly take off all the other gear until it’s just the soiled jumpsuit. Realizing you can’t get the back zipper off you walk to the bathroom entrance and crack the door. “hey Jesse…” is all you can get out before he comes up to you. He realized what you are asking before you can even finish your sentence. He quickly helps you get the zipper down to a spot that allows you to pull it down the rest of the way yourself. A bit of shame washes over you as you shut the bathroom door and make your way to your shower stall against You lock the door behind you blushing the whole time. The bathroom is against a solid wall of dark wood.

The stall walls and door complemented this look, while the floor was light cobblestone. Just from walking in and looking around you feel relaxed. The cobblestone floor beneath you is heated further aiding your relaxation. You make your way over to the shower knob. Giving it a firm twist, hot water shoots out onto your head, through your hair, and down your body. The hot water relaxes the muscles and all the tension slowly begins to leave your body and fall onto the floor. You can feel it all flow down the drain. You stand there as the hot water flows over your skin cleansing your body. You grab the soap and begin to make your body the cleanest it’s ever been.

As the last of the soap goes down the drain, you reach for the knob and turn the water off. You open the stall door and reach for a towel on the shelf nearby. As Jesse enters you see that he still has to shower and get changed. He starts to walk toward the bathroom while saying, “My turn”. As he walks past you, goosebumps cover your body. This is new energy between you too. Something is happening here and you can feel it. You’re so focused on this feeling, you don’t notice the bulge hidden by your towel is beginning to grow. He turns and takes a quick up and down look at you from the bathroom door. “At least I’m not the only one”. He shuts the bathroom door. Looking down you realize that it’s so obvious you were hard under your towel.

Mortified, you run to your bed placing your face in a pillow. The few minutes Jesse was cleaning up felt like hours. You hear Jesse walk over to his stall door and open it, Grab a towel, and then begin to walk to the bathroom door. As he enters the living space you stare at each other. Jesse begins to slowly move over to his bed. It seems like he wants to ask you something but can’t get it out. Just as you think he’s going to head for his bed he turns towards yours. He walks up and stands before you. Jesse inhales deeply then exhales. “Look I hope this isn’t being too forward, but uh… you are really good looking… and I feel like we have gotten close.. and..” Jesse keeps stumbling over his words. He finally manages to get something out “can I kiss you?”

Your face begins to heat up. You start to tremble as butterflies leave your stomach. As you let out a shaky breath, you give him a confirming nod. He sits next to you.. You look at each other locking eyes for a moment. You swear your heart’s going to beat right out of your chest. You couldn’t hold it back anymore and now you didn’t have to. As your lips touch you throw all caution to the wind and slip your tongue into his mouth. It’s like someone lit a match over an oil slick. You jump on each other. Jesse grabs you and pulls you close. You are now both kneeling in the bed, holding each other as you swap spit. You can feel Jesse’s hard cock rubbing against yours through each other's towels. You snap your hands to his waist, grab his towel, and rip it off.

“Let me thank you for saving me” as you throw him down on the bed. You mount him and pin his arms down. You now go down to kiss him some more. You come back up for air, spit all over your mouth. It’s like you're drooling. You look into his helpless eyes and begin to kiss down his face to his neck. You move down his chest, to his stomach, all the way down until you are kissing the head of his cock. You spit on your hand and start stroking. Laying in a prone position and still giving him a hand job, you start kissing his inner thigh. You can hear Jesse moaning with each squirm of his body. Time to go in for the finisher. You start to lick and suck in his balls while you stroke. Then, you give a lick up from the base of his shaft up to the tip. Finally, you slide your mouth down his shaft until his whole dick is down your throat. Going down nice and slow to make sure he feels your mouth touch every inch of his cock.

As you reach the base you let out a little gag. “Too cocky?” He says in a breathy whisper. Stopping for a moment and coming up for some air you mutter between breaths “If you make another pun like that I’m never doing this again”. With a smirk, you make your way back down to finish the job. Moving your head up and down you slowly begin to twist your head and move your tongue in circles at the same time. Jesse grabs your head and pushes you down further. He begins to rapidly fuck your mouth, causing tears to run down your eyes. But honestly, you love it. You just give in and let him use your mouth. All the while you can’t help but think about how good it would feel to do this in your soiled suit. “ohhh atlas” he moans braking you from your fantasy dream. He pushes your head down with one last deep thrust. He arches his back while shoving his cock down your throat.

You start to feel hot liquid filling up your mouth and sliding down your throat. It was a lot. Almost choking, you swallow every drop you can, the rest slides out of your mouth along with all your drool. Jesse plops down on the bed no longer arching his back. You lift your head and immediately fall into your back trying to catch your breath. Your face was covered in spit and tears.“That was quick.” You say between breaths. “I’ve been waiting for that for months now. I’ve always thought you were cute but I was afraid to say anything. Plus after seeing you fight today, it just made me like you even more” he said. Turning red from embarrassment “You mean after I soiled myself?”. It may be crazy that he thinks you're attractive but you think there’s no way he’s into that. “ Well actually, yes I did. You're not the only one that’s turned on by that.” Jesse says while laughing. “WHO SAYS THAT TURNS ME ON” you push Jesse playfully.

There is a moment of silence after some shared laughs. You both sit up and look at each other. Jesse begins to smirk. What are you…”, before you could even say another word Jesse grabs you and pushes you onto your bed. “It’s your turn now”. Before you could even think he is on top of you. He starts to jerk you off slowly. Your brain goes stupid. You cant focus on anything else. A feeling of utter bliss takes over as you become puddy in his hands. “You look really cute right now”. Jesse says smiling. You are practically drooling, it feels so good. As you are about to get lost in this dream-like state Jesse suddenly flips you around into your stomach.

After letting out a whimper, you start to feel his hand running down your back. Putting his hands around your waist, he lifts you up by the hips until your butt is sticking up in the air. Your eyes widen as you begin to feel his breath between your cheeks. He starts to eat you out. At first you were shocked and dumbfounded. But then a wave of pleasure took hold of your body. You just lie there drooling and moaning. He lifts his head up and takes a breath. A moment goes by and then you feel his cock in between your cheeks.

“Do you want it?” He asks. Without missing a beat you blurt out, “Please give it to me I need it now.” You’re begging him to fuck you while you twist your hips like a dog who is excited for their bone. You feel his cock slowly slip into your ass. With each inch you grip your sheets tighter and tighter, almost pulling them off the mattress. Jesse starts to pick up the pace. He leans down and reaches his hand around to your cock. You just melt into his body as he just fucks you like an animal. A pool of drool forms around your mouth and tongue as he jerks you off. With each thrust you can feel his hips on your cheeks. You start to feel his cock beginning to throb.

“Atlas im going to cum” he says, panting. Thrusting back into him so his cock goes deeper. “Do it inside me”. He grabs your hips and gives one last deep thrust. You can feel his cock pulsating as he fills you up. “You’re such a good dog”. With those words and feeling him deep inside of you, you let out a yelp as you shoot cum all over your sheets. “I’m your pet Jesse”. You both collapse on the bed breathing heavily. Jesse turns and looks at you “that.. was much…needed”. You turn and look at him. “I guess we should shower huh?”. You both start to chuckle laying in bed. “You know I’m not the only dog in this room” you say putting your head on his chest. This is the start of something beautiful and fun. Surely more adventures are to come.

*002*2023-06-02 05:15

{{6 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

This was extremely good! Certainly the best story I've read in some time.

}}

Gahh! Thank you!

