An Explosive Night [Contains Messing]

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*000*2019-01-02 20:09

It was the middle of the night, Jenny was dead asleep in her warm bed, tired from a day of partying and food. The food she ate, however, disagreed with her stomach.

Jenny laid on her back in bed, still wearing her tight jeans and her black crop-top. She was too tired to even bother changing out of her clothes.

Jenny squirmed slightly in place as her stomach sounded a violent rumble. Jenny, although asleep, had to use the bathroom.

Her stomach rumbled again, causing Jenny to squirm before a quick, bubbly fart sounded from her rear. This would be the last true fart to escape from her before the danger struck.

Jenny's stomach churned as it gurgled, causing Jenny to wake up slowly. She placed a hand on her stomach as she felt something right at the escape of her rear.

"Ooogh.. I gotta fart..." Jenny assumed in a very sleepy voice. She lifted her butt off of its one cheek and pushed.

Assuming it was a fart as she pushed put Jenny in a sense of shock. She felt pure liquid mush escape quickly into the seat of her panties before clenching her butt shut, whincing as she did so.

"Oh no..." Jenny cried silently as her bowels rumbled. Jenny had a bad case of diarrhea due to the food she had at the party. She whinced as she laid there.

Jenny was quite a lazy person. So lazy that sometimes when she needed to poop, she wouldn't get up and just let it out into her pants. Perhaps Jenny secretly liked pooping her pants.

Jenny whinced again as another rumble sounded from the depths of her bowels.

"Ugh... I don't want to get up.." Jenny decided. She chose to go back to sleep and deal with it tomorrow.

Jenny laid her but back down, the little bit of diarrhea slightly expanding across her rear as she closed her eyes. After 10 minutes, Jenny fell back asleep.

This time, her body would choose for her and not wake her up. After 30 minutes, her bowels reached their capacity. Her rear opened up against her sleeping will as pure mushy diarrhea escaped from her rear and into the seat of her slightly soiled panties.

Her body began pushing as the torrent of diarrhea sped up extremely, a disgusting squishing sound emenating as her pants filled up with diarrhea. A bulge began growing on the seat of her jeans as they started tinting brown, the diarrhea spreading in all directions.

It didn't take long before her diarrhea began escaping from the leg holes of her panties and into the legs of her tight jeans. They bulged out as a nasty Plooorch escaped from her rear.

When it was all over, her pants were wet and brown from the diarrhea. Not a spot of her rear was clean, and the bed stained a slight brown. Jenny had a massive diarrhea explosion in her sleep.

Jenny continued to sleep through the night in her soiled pants, only just discovering her accident in the morning.

*002*2019-01-05 00:20

{{On 1/2/2019 at 3:20 PM, Alex Oxford said:

I love it man! I can only imagine what she was dreaming about as she did the deed ?

}}

Glad you liked it! ^-^

