She-Ra and the Princesses of Power (Fanfic)

Author: Noot

*000*2020-09-16 20:45

So, this is a commission from @Toasty based on a fantastic show. It's set as a prequel, before Adora joined the rebels, so the two main characters are best friends still. As always all characters are over 18 in this alternative version of this fictional universe.

###

Not for the first time, Catra woke up desperate to poop.

Her eyelids fluttered awake, not to gentle sunlight through the blinds, but to disappointing darkness. It was still late at night, or perhaps early morning. There was no way to tell. The room was silent and empty but for her. It didn’t take long to realise the reason for her rude awakening: her stomach felt hot, heavy, aching to be emptied. She knew that feeling well. In around three minutes it would be too late.

Catra swung her legs off the side of the bed and rooted around for some clothes on the floor. In the darkness she could find nothing suitable, so settled for an oversized t-shirt. Typical Catra clothing it was not, but there was no time for niceties in her current condition. She needed to get to the bathroom, and soon. So she threw on the t-shirt and, with nothing underneath, set off on the short trek to the nearest toilet.

As she slipped out of the room, checking the corridors for people, a soft fart slipped out and blew gently against the hem of her pink top. The bathroom was just the other side of that hallway- if she could just make it there without anyone coming out...

These late-night excursions were no stranger to Catra. They’d been a necessary part of her life from a young age, with her unpredictable and frankly undersized bowels. Usually, the urge arrived suddenly, cruelly and at the worst possible times. Once it hit her it was strong and persistent and it didn’t go away until she pooped, which usually happened within twenty minutes whether she was on the toilet or not. All this meant that waking up desperate was a fairly common occurrence for Catra, even as she grew up into a young woman.

Tonight was just the latest in a long line of difficult wake-ups. Catra could feel the weight of her urgent dump pushing down on her, trying to make an early appearance. Her tight, tiny hole was flexing below her tail, preparing to open. Not yet.

Just a few feet from the bathroom door, it creaked open independently, startling Catra. A steady breeze had blown it ajar, and the shock of the sudden movement almost robbed her of her bowel control completely. For a moment she froze stiff, her ears pricked up, her nipples hard and pointed under the bubblegum fabric. She farted again without even realising she needed to, and carried on bravely towards relief.

For a girl with bowels like Catra, it was unwise to be picky about which toilets she used. For one thing, when she had to go, she had to go, and that usually meant rushing to the nearest lavatory indiscriminately. On the rare occasions that she was out and about and decided to risk waiting until she got back to her dormitory, she would often be made to pay for her cockiness. Still, though, this bathroom right here- by her own bedroom- was by far her most visited haunt when she needed to do some real damage.

Privacy wasn’t much of a concept in the Horde- the bathroom consisted of a dozen toilets lined up against one wall and a dozen sinks lined up against the other. There were no partitions, stalls, anything at all to block view. Catra was used to this, but the bathroom was empty at this hour anyway. She let the door swing shut behind her, her need growing more urgent by the second. This was the final stage of Catra’s routine desperation: a final rush that could not be held back for longer than perhaps half a minute, the body’s ultimate act of overriding her efforts to hold it. She was in last-gasp territory.

Fortunately, there was no pesky suit to unzip or unbutton, no underwear that had to be removed. Catra could simply flick up her t-shirt slightly at the bottom before she sat, leaving the path clear for her bowels to start evacuating. This was a great thing, because her body seemed to have taken the sight of the toilet as a signal that it was okay to poop now, and she felt her ring stretching rapidly before her cheeks hit the cold toilet seat. It came out of her like soft serve. The moment she was seated, a sigh of relief escaped her lips, and soon that sigh became a low purr of near-pleasure.

Catra had no intention of ever sharing this with another living soul, but she loved the feeling of taking a dump. Squirming and squeezing and clenching and running around, desperately looking for a toilet? Sure, that part wasn’t much fun, at least not for her- she sometimes got a kick out of watching Adora in those shoes, though. But no, the bit Catra really loved was the act itself, the dirty (almost naughty) intimacy of it. She had always been the type who, when told something should be done a certain way, wanted to do it another. And when she’d been taught that pooping is a private act, that only intensified her desire to observe, to be observed. It didn’t hurt that letting it stretch her and slide out felt great, too.

Eventually, Catra was empty. It wasn't unusual for her to take a while; her bowels may have been small but she still tended to produce huge loads. Adora could leave monstrously big logs in the toilet without breaking a sweat (usually breaking the flush instead), but Catra's poops were always soft and mushy, and usually easy to dispose of. She felt worlds better now she was empty.

After taking a few seconds to recover and relax from her near-accident experience, breathing softly in the moonlight through the window, she reached over and tore off a few squares of toilet paper to fold up and wipe with. Once she was satisfied that her butt was clean, Catra grabbed two more sheets and did a quick pass over her pussy, which was damp with pee that had inevitably dribbled out during her poop. The concoction of brown sludge, urine and used paper flushed without any trouble and she left, feeling like a thief sneaking out of a crime scene.

She returned to bed and, by the time she awoke, her desperate midnight excursion was barely more to her than a dream.

*001*2020-09-17 08:29

If you were looking for the girl they called Adora at around 7:00AM on any given morning, you would have to head to her dormitory to do it. You would need to start by heading up the first flight of stairs on the left, taking them to the third floor and through to the lobby. From there, if you had clearance, you’d follow the corridors around to the right, emerge into a clear area and then push through the second door on your left and finding yourself in the all-female bathroom. Chances are you’d find your woman sitting on the stall closest to the door, trousers and underwear pulled all the way down around her ankles, face screwed up in concentration. If she wasn’t there, well, come back the same time next day and sure as the sun comes up you’d see her.

Adora’s bowels weren’t always predictable, but her bathroom routine was like clockwork. Every other day she would head over there for a morning dump. She always got to the bathroom at 7:00 sharp each time, she always sat down with her bottoms bunched up on the floor and she always stayed for at least half an hour. Most days she would succeed in producing something. Sometimes she wouldn’t, and on those occasions you could bet your bottom dollar that she’d rush off to the nearest toilet some time later that day. Adora had never talked explicitly about her toilet habits with most of the other girls, but they’d gathered everything they needed to know over time: the girl seemed to be permanently constipated, she produced enormous logs that took time to push out and rarely flushed easily, and she liked to take her time on the toilet.

Seven hours after Catra’s visit to the empty bathroom, the sun was coming up, lighting the previously dark room. Residents were flowing in regularly for routine early-morning visits to the toilet to expel whatever reserves of pee (and sometimes poop) had accumulated overnight. Most would come in, do their business and leave, sometimes bothering to wash their hands, usually not. Throughout that time Adora sat there patiently, alternating between pushing her poop out as much as she could and just waiting for nature to do its part.

She was more than used to her stubborn bowels by now. They didn’t like to empty easily, mainly because of how enormous her turds tended to be. It was incredible to most people that a petite girl could produce such big loads- only Catra and Adora herself were really used to it. On this particular morning Adora had woken up turtleheading; there had been a firm piece of poop literally poking out of her tight ring. Unconcerned by this development, she’d taken her time getting dressed and meandering to the toilet, knowing from experience that it was still a while away from splashdown. Now, thirty minutes later, it was hanging out by two inches.

The door swung open and Catra swaggered in. She smiled at Adora, pulled down her underwear and sat down on the toilet beside her friend.

“Morning,” she said sweetly, “sleep well?”

“Yeah, until I woke up with this monster turd pushing outta me,” Adora laughed, “how about you?”

“Pretty well, eventually,” Catra concurred.

“You pooping?” Adora said.

“Nah, just peeing. I woke up last night bursting to take a dump, I barely made it here in time”. This wasn’t an uncommon Catra story; she tended to get desperate often, which Adora found cute in more than one way. “How about you?”

They both laughed at this. It was something of an in-joke between them: Catra would ask Adora questions with plainly obvious answers, like asking if she was pooping when they could both see the log dangling out of her butt. Catra finished her pee and began to wipe slowly. She knew subconsciously, and Adora suspected, that she wiped slowly in order to maximise time spent with her friend.

“This baby’s been stuck there for at least ten minutes,” Adora said, her voice strained but still friendly, “if I stop pushing it’ll get sucked back in. I wish I did soft poops like yours, Catra”.

“Trust me, it’s not always rosy. Times like last night make me wish I had solid logs more often”.

Adora chuckled at this. “No, believe me, you have it better. I peed when I got here. I’ve been here so long that now I need another pee!”

“I don’t think I believe you,” Catra said, getting to her feet and redressing.

“No- look!” Adora spread her legs even wider as if to emphasise that Catra should go and look at her crotch, and her friend duly obliged. This was nothing they weren’t used to. True to her word, a light sprinkling of pee was indeed spraying from Adora’s private parts and into the bowl. It tinkled in front of the dark shape of the growing log, which looked to finally be on its way out. By now, the dark brown snake was so long that it was touching the water. Catra was enthralled by it, staring for far too long, but her friend didn’t notice. “One more push, I think,” Adora said. With a grunt from her, the turd finally broke free and slipped noiselessly beneath the water. “Oh, that feels so much better”.

“I would hang around, but I know you well enough to know there’s at least a couple more big bits where that came from,” Catra said, “I’ll see you later today?”

“Sure, see you later,” Adora sang, grinning from ear to ear at the feeling of her butthole stretching with the second log. Nothing starts the morning like taking a really big poop, she sung in her head. Adora snuck a glance between her legs to admire the handiwork so far. It was enormous.

“Not bad, Adora,” she told herself, farting softly as she spoke, “but now it’s time to really ruin this flush”.

*003*2020-09-18 01:38

Beams of blinding red struck like lightning all around Adora. She held up one arm to shield her eyes from the glare, which penetrated even her emerald visor fiercely. Spinning on the spot, the blonde barely managed to catch a glimpse of a purple jet flying her way. Up came her left arm, and the projectile bounced harmlessly away off the shield attached to her wrist. The sheer force of the impact made her recoil a couple of steps.

Catra was behind her, the pair standing back-to-back, fighting off attacks from what felt like every angle. Every now and then Adora felt the tip of her friend’s tail brush the spot between her own shoulder blades. Both hearts were racing, but inside Adora felt calm, because she had grown used to the fact, over the years, that there was no real danger. One by one, as they always did in the end, the hostiles had fallen until there was a single violet figure left. Adora used a staff she had picked up earlier in the exercise to take it down, and turned to see Catra finishing off the last of her enemies.

When the rush was over, they embraced and started to regain their breath. There was no sign of Lonnie, Rogelio or Kyle. Either they had been defeated after the group was split, or they were somewhere else in the training compound fighting their own battles. Adora couldn’t afford to think about them just yet- not until she had recovered from the exertion. She stepped back and looked Catra up and down. The other girl looked similarly shaken up, but physically unscathed. Her ears were prickling up, her tail twitching.

“You okay?” Adora asked carefully.

“I’m good. You?”

“I think so,” Adora said, testing out her arms and legs, “I might have twisted an ankle but I can walk on it”

“I swear training is harder than it used to be,” Catra grumbled.

###

Back in the locker room, Adora started getting concerned about her friend. They had been out of combat for ten minutes, but Catra still looked very much on edge. That pointed tail was still standing to attention, her ears still pointed, nipples stiff and showing through her top. Usually Catra would have relaxed by now. Unless… there was another reason why she sometimes looked so on edge. Or maybe sometimes wasn’t the right word. Maybe often was more appropriate. Adora decided to come out and say it.

“You have to poop,” she said bluntly. It wasn’t a question. Catra looked aghast, and shook her head frantically.

“No!” She yelled, before realising how loudly she’d protested and reducing her volume, “I mean- I’m fine- what makes you think that?”

“Oh, please,” Adora rolled her eyes, “I know you so well. I think I know how to spot when you’re desperate by now”.

“Well, you must not know me as well as you think you do, because I don’t need to poop,” Catra said indignantly.

Adora didn’t buy it, but she let it slip. As they piled into a small room to debrief, reunited with their fellow recruits, Adora sat with Catra on the back bench. She was sure she smelt farts in the air near her and didn’t need to be a genius to work out who they were from. Within a few minutes of the debrief Catra was sweating. Adora looked over and was taken aback to see her friend rubbing her stomach with one hand, a pained expression on her face. Concerned, she nudged Catra on the thigh and caught her eye, mouthing the words can you hold it?

Almost immediately, Catra responded with a stoic nod, a determined stare… and then her eyes dropped, her shoulders slouched and slowly she shook her head. She couldn’t hold it. They needed to get out of there, and soon. Adora was no stranger to helping out Catra in such situations, even when Catra didn’t always want to be helped.

Adora looked around subtly. She needed a diversion, without making it obvious that that was what she was doing. A wire that ran just along the floor caught her eye- it was black, hard to spot in the dark room, but connected to the projector from which they were being debriefed. If she could just stretch her leg far enough...

On the second attempt the toes of Adora’s boot caught on the wire and she pulled it tight. The plug in the projector came flying out of its socket, but nobody in the room was paying any attention to that. All they saw was the screen in front of them turn a murky, blank grey.

The stand-in instructor groaned in frustration. She didn’t have the time nor patience for faulty projectors- she had another session due to start in a few minutes.

“Well, recruits, it isn’t exactly where we wanted to wrap up,” she admitted, “but we might as well end there for today. No point wasting time fiddling with the screen when there’s only a few minutes left of the presentation”.

Catra was the first to get to her feet, bolting from the room like a greyhound out of a trap. Lonnie shot Adora a questioning look, but Adora just shrugged.

“I don’t think she’s feeling well,” she said simply as she followed Catra out of the room. Catra hadn’t gone far. The girl was frozen on the spot just outside the door, visibly panicked. Adora took her calmly by the hand and led her down the corridor. When Catra was on the verge of an accident she tended to mentally regress, her sharp mind losing about ten years in intellect and ability to think clearly. Adora was the one who had to be logical and make decisions. This was not her first rodeo.

“Where are we going?” Catra whispered, her voice trembling.

“To the nearest bathroom,” Adora explained casually, “I doubt you’d make it upstairs”. She slipped them both into a small, one-cubicle staff bathroom that was disguised as a janitor’s closet and locked the door behind them.

“Remind me why you have to be in here too?” Catra said grumpily, fumbling with a button.

“It’s an instructor’s bathroom, not for recruits,” Adora explained patiently, “I can’t just wait outside, it would look suspicious. Zip stuck?”

Catra glared at her; she’d been fiddling with her zip for several seconds and part of her resented that Adora had noticed. Of course, another part felt a strange warmth from realising her friend was watching so closely.

“Yeah, fine, you got me,” she admitted, “can you help? It’s gonna come out soon”.

Adora stepped forward cheerily and got Catra unzipped in an instant. “I thought you weren’t desperate?” she chirped, turning away to face the mirror. From there, she realised with a jolt, it was impossible not to watch Catra pooping with an expression of relieved bliss on her face. It was one of those times when Adora remembered how beautiful her best friend was.

“I wasn’t,” she muttered unconvincingly.

“Well, it sounds like we got you here just in time,” Adora persisted, “You’re welcome, by the way”.

Catra relaxed slightly as the thickest bit left her and splattered into the water. In the mirror, Adora even saw her friend smile.

“Yeah, I saw what you did with the wire. Thanks, Adora,” she said. Her expression changed back slightly to one of frustration. “You shouldn’t have to keep bailing me out like this, though. I’m not a kid anymore”.

“Catra, it’s fine,” Adora insisted, “you have small bowels. I get it. Don’t worry so much”. She turned to her friend, whose thighs and ankles were completely exposed but whose crotch was secretively tucked between her legs. Her tail, which had stood on end a minute ago, drooped laxly on the floor beside the toilet. “Now, are you almost done? That water before training went right through me and I gotta take a huge leak”.

###

“Adora, wake up,” came a soft voice.

Adora’s eyes opened groggily. She was in her bed, which wasn’t a surprise, but Catra was sitting on it, which was. Her friend looked pretty even at this early stage in the morning, eyes sparkling in the dim sunlight that crept between the blinds. The second thing Adora became aware of was that she needed to poop pretty badly. This wasn’t unusual; she hadn’t been the day before. In fact she hadn’t gone number two at all since that morning of her constipated conversation with Catra two days prior. Now it wanted out, and sharpish.

She sat up in bed. Catra had let herself in and was curled up on the duvet, gazing at Adora. She wondered how long her friend had watched her sleep, but pushed that thought away when another cramp in her stomach told her she needed to hurry up.

“I have some bad news,” Catra purred. Adora was barely listening as she started pulling the sheets off of her, which was made harder by the fact that Catra was sitting on them. She didn’t care one iota that she was topless. Catra had seen it all before.

“Can you tell me in a second? I’m desperate to poop,” she groaned.

“That’s the bad news. The bathrooms are all closed,” Catra told her. Adora’s half-closed eyes flew awake.

“What?” she said, ver voice a shrill icepick in Catra’s ear.

“They’re all locked down. Security malfunction, the shields are up against all of them,” Catra said matter-of-factly. Adora went white.

“I can’t hold it much longer, Catra. What do I do?”

“Well, if you had a litter tray…”

“But I don’t”. She farted loudly. “Oh, man, this is bad”.

“Come on, Adora, you can hold it. You’re so good at holding it. Best I know,” Catra encouraged. She was enjoying this a little too much. They sat there for a few minutes, trying to talk about anything to distract Adora, and occasionally the girl would moan, rub her belly or fart again. Then, finally, she broke.

“It’s no good, Catra,” she said, standing, “I can’t wait. It’s coming right now”.

“Right now?”

“In a few seconds,” Adora sighed, her face crumpling up. Catra was grinning at her. Not just smiling but grinning. “What’s so funny?” Adora snapped.

“Adora?” Catra said, in that tone a small child uses to try and convince their mother to buy them something.

“What?”

“Can I tell you a secret?”

“Go on,” Adora said, feeling that this was not a good time for a heart-to-heart.

“I lied. The toilets are fine,” Catra said, smiling mischievously.

“You what?” Adora was practically yelling.

“I made it up. It was a prank. Surprise!”

Adora growled in frustration. “You could’ve told me earlier!”

“Oh, don’t be a drama queen,” Catra chided, “just go to the toilet”.

“I can’t! It’s too late now!” Adora said, whirling around to show Catra her back. Although her top half was bare, leaving her breasts to hang there, Adora was wearing a pair of tight white leggings to keep her legs warm through the night. Catra gasped and had to cover her mouth to keep from laughing when she saw it.

Adora was messing herself. The dark outline of an Adora-sized log was bulging inside the leggings, knobbly end protruding several inches out of her butt. As Catra watched the turd grew, coiled up and broke off into Adora’s clothes, followed almost instantly by another one.

“I can’t believe you made me poop myself,” Adora groaned, but Catra thought that in truth her friend didn’t sound genuinely annoyed. The second log was shorter but thicker, and Catra was staring more intensely than she realised at her topless friend’s accident. Normally she loved getting a look at Adora’s boobs but today she couldn’t look away from her butt as it emptied itself into those tight leggings. The third piece slid out easily, with a little push from Adora, completing a load that bulged out as big as a watermelon from the girl’s ass.

“Sorry” Catra said pleasantly, trying not to let herself enjoy the show too much, “I didn’t think you’d actually have an accident, Adora. You’re usually so good at holding it”.

“Not this morning. I needed to go last night but I was too comfy in bed,” she lamented. “You’re lucky I pooped myself in here, where one you can see”.

“You’re not mad?”

Adora whirled around and embraced her friend, smiling despite the stinky load in her pants.

“No, I’m not mad,” she said with an evil grin, “but I will get my revenge on you some day…”

*005*2020-09-20 00:05

Some day turned out to be the next day. Adora had spent unhealthy amount of time since her accident in front of Catra plotting her payback, which was far from a complex or devious plan, but did involve waiting until the brunette needed to poop. Confident that this wouldn’t take long- after all, Catra getting desperate to go number two was a fairly common occurrence- Adora simply pretended nothing was up and bided her time.

In their shared bathroom, the busiest time of day was comfortably the hour between six and seven. Women who had been working or training hard all day long, often without much opportunity for rest stops, would flock into their dormitory’s shared toilets to empty a day-worth of pent up pee and poop. Adora usually went for a quick leak and then headed off to grab some rare free time, but Catra was regularly among those who went number two as well.

Today was no different. Heading upstairs after another hard day of training, in which Kyle had somehow managed to be captured before the exercise had even begun, Adora had realised she could do with a pee before dinner. So the pair had walked together into the bathroom, where Adora was quick to grab the only available toilet. In what was essentially the potty rush-hour of the day, every other seat was taken. Some were in use by women Adora knew well, some had complete strangers seated on them. Within about thirty seconds of their entry into the room, nobody stood, and it became clear that all the women were pooping.

Adora slid her bottoms down around her ankles and took a seat, unconcerned with who might see her vagina between her legs. It never bothered her- after all, bodies were just bodies. It took a few seconds for the stream to start up, and when it did, it was a weak tinkle that didn’t show any signs of letting up quickly. She looked up at Catra, who was standing opposite her, a few feet away, arms folded. Adora recognised instantly the signs that Catra had to use the toilet- tail alert, ears pointed, nipples erect. She had been too proud to say it, but Catra needed to go, all right. Ah, Adora thought suddenly, this is that revenge I promised.

“What’s up, Catra?” Adora smirked. Her friend shifted uncomfortably on the spot.

“Nothing? Why do you ask?” She said unconvincingly. Catra was a good liar- to most people. To Adora she was an open book.

Here's the rest of the story! It involves lesbian romance and, I should warn you, some pretty graphic messing! If that's not your thing then feel free to skip. If it is your thing, enjoy!

###

“No reason,” Adora sang, “you just look a little… occupied”. She nodded subtly towards the other in-use toilets. There was no telling if Catra had picked up on the double entendre or not.

“I’m fine”.

“Okay, good, because we might be here for a while. I think I feel a dump coming,” Adora smiled sweetly at her friend, feigning innocence, “and you know how long those take”.

Catra snorted in derision. “You’re kidding. I haven’t seen you poop at this time of day in years,” she pointed out. It was a valid argument.

“Well, there’s a first time for everything,” Adora teased, “but don’t worry. I’m sure I’ll have it out in- ooh… twenty minutes?”

Nervousness was creeping into Catra’s tone. “Well, just make it quick,” she said, shifting her weight from one foot to another. Adora put-on her best mock-surprise face.

“Why? Oh, do you need to go?” she asked, acting as if she had had no idea.

“You know full well I do, so hurry,” Catra snapped.

“I’ll be as quick as I can, but I can’t promise anything”.

“Come on, Adora, this isn’t funny,” she whined.

“And why not?”

“Because I really have to go”.

“Sorry, what was that?” Adora asked. She was enjoying this too much. She loved looking at the way Catra’s nipples poked through her shirt when she got desperate like hard little rocks. Catra leaned in a little bit closer and repeated herself, careful not to let anyone else hear.

“I really have to get on that toilet,” she admitted, “happy now I’ve said it?”

“Oh, you have to go!” Adora said brightly, in just about the loudest voice she could convincingly manage. Almost every woman in the room turned their heads towards the pair; Catra blushed deeply.

“Yes, okay, you got me,” Catra hissed, “I should’ve told you earlier. Now can you just do your shit so I can get on there? I feel like I’m about to explode”.

“And what is it you need to do, exactly? Adora asked in overacted confusion, “do you have to pee, or something else?”

“I need to poop,” Catra mumbled. Adora asked her to repeat herself more clearly, and she did. “Come on, Adora, we’re best friends. Don’t make me poop myself in front of everyone”.

“Oh, because best friends never make each other have an accident,” Adora said with a shark’s grin.

“Adora, please, that was just a joke,” Catra pleaded, “I didn’t think you wouldn’t make it. I’m begging you to let me on the toilet, it feels like it’s coming out of me already”.

“Say pretty please,” Adora decided finally.

“Adora, it’s poking out-“

“Say pretty please,” she repeated. She didn’t change her tone, but the repetition alone told Catra that she would not be persuaded. But the desperate woman had one last trick up her sleeve. She turned around and pointed her butt at Adora’s face, tail lifted, and let rip one of the worst farts Adora had ever smelt. The blonde cracked up laughing, but Catra’s expression was grim.

“Okay, I get it,” Adora said eventually. She stood and cleared the way for Catra to sit down, which she gratefully did. As soon as Catra was in position, mushy poop started to splatter out of her and fill the toilet bowl. In the few seconds before she came to her senses enough to close her legs, Adora got a rare glimpse of Catra’s shaved pussy. It was gorgeous to her.

“Hand me some paper,” Adora said, still laughing a little, “I didn’t get a chance to wipe and now my bits are dripping everywhere”.

###

“You know, I really did almost crap my pants earlier,” Catra said.

Adora sat up, slightly surprised at her friend’s bluntness. Catra was a bit of a whirlwind when it came to subjects like the bathroom, sex or masturbation. Sometimes she could be open, honest, even humorous. At other times Catra was capable of being one of the most intensely private people Adora had ever met. It seemed to depend on her mood at the time.

“I literally crapped mine yesterday morning, so I think I know who had it worse,” Adora reminded her.

They were sitting on Adora’s bed at the time. Or rather, Catra was sitting on it. Adora was in it, topless, just as she usually was in the final stretches of the day before she went to sleep. Catra was curled up in the middle, the two chatting happily, a ritual they rarely got much time to observe. Part of Adora was hoping for Catra to go to bed soon so she could sleep (and likely masturbate beforehand; it had been a few days for her, and that was a few days too many). The other part wanted Catra to stay forever.

“But you’re forgetting that we poop differently,” Catra argued, “you do solid ones. It’s not so bad pooping yourself when there’s just a few logs. When I don’t make it? It’s everywhere. Down my legs, in my shoes-“

“That’s quite enough information,” Adora cut her off with a giggle, “and besides, my poops are bigger than yours. I have it worse”.

“That is not true!” Catra said indignantly. She sat up and shuffled closer to Adora. They were so close that the dark-haired girl could have leant over and kissed her on the forehead, or perhaps the nipple.

“It is, Catra,” Adora insisted, “you can’t poop like I can. It’s because you can’t hold it like I can,” she explained.

“That’s not true either! I can hold it just as long as you… if I want to,” Catra said. She sounded uncertain, but pride was holding her back from relenting to Adora.

“You can’t possibly believe that,” Adora said lazily. Beneath the duvet, her hand was drifting impatiently towards her crotch, almost of its own accord. She wanted the conversation over with so she could take care of a different kind of business.

“I do. And I can prove it,” Catra said. “Holding contest, you and me. At the end, whoever does the biggest poop wins,” she offered.

Adora raised an eyebrow. She hadn’t realised at first that Catra was being serious. “Deal. Prepare to be crushed,” she teased.

Catra was committed now, starting to lay down the ground rules, her competitive side overwhelming her common sense. She was totally oblivious to the small circles that Adora’s hand was beginning to trace around her clitoris.

“Tomorrow at wakeup we both poop. I know you’ll need one because you didn’t go this morning. I know I’ll need one because… well, it’s me. From then on, no pooping. You go, you lose the contest. Oh, and we have to stay together to see whose is biggest”.

“Fine by me,” Adora mumbled. Secretly, she was more interested in the nice tingling feeling shooting from her crotch to her toes. She thought vaguely that she could probably finish by doing that, and wondered if Catra would notice should she have an orgasm right then and there. A deeper, naughtier part of her wondered if Catra might want to join in. She pushed those thoughts away and forced herself to think maturely about the conversation she was having… but her fingers kept dancing those little circles. “Yeah, you’re right, I’m pretty sure I’ll need to poop tomorrow morning. In fact…” she raised one buttcheek ever so slightly, and let out a loud, rumbling fart. Catra giggled.

“I don’t know how you fart so loud, for such a skinny girl,” she said, pinching her nose with one hand in exaggerated disgust.

“Just talent, my dear,” Adora smiled.

“So, contest tomorrow? Don’t forget,” Catra offered her hand. Adora pulled out not her right hand, which was damp with her juices, but her left, and they shook awkwardly. Thankfully, Catra didn’t seem to notice. “Okay, I’ll see you tomorrow”.

“Goodnight, Catra,” Adora called quietly as her friend left the room.

“Goodnight, Adora,” came the reply. Then she was gone, the door shutting by itself behind her, and Adora closed her eyes. Her head tilted back on the pillow, her mind filling with images of Catra. These were the images she pushed away in every other moment. Only in these depraved, fleeting minutes, at the height of her arousal, did she allow herself to think about her best friend in such a crass way. But she was so beautiful…

In her mind’s eye she saw herself holding Catra, kissing Catra, touching Catra. It didn’t take her long at all to finish.

####

Adora knew Catra like the back of her hand, but there was one part of Catra’s morning routine she never told anyone about. It was the reason she was so often desperate by the time she made it to the bathroom, but it had to be done, or she would get cranky around midday.

The morning of the holding contest wasn’t any different. She was lying in her bed, enjoying the first rays of sunlight through the window and playing with herself. Her stimulus, as always, was not video or photograph but her mind. In her head was Adora. Truthfully, over the most recent months, Adora had been popping up in her mind more and more frequently during these morning masturbation sessions. No, not just popping: pooping, more often than not. Catra had no idea why, or what triggered it. She just knew that images of her best friend on the toilet really got her going.

She was just recalling the time she had made Adora mess herself in her bedroom, nearing an orgasm, when the door flew open. Speak of the devil- in the doorway stood Adora herself, hair wild, eyes still puffy from sleep.

“Come on, sleepyhead,” Adora said, beckoning Catra up, “we have a contest to start”.

Catra’s hands had flown from her crotch with the alarm of a robber caught red-handed. She scrambled halfway out of bed but kept the duvet clasped firmly over her naked body.

“I’m not dressed,” she stammered. Surely Adora had worked out what she had been doing.

“Oh, come on, I’ve seen you naked before,” Adora teased. She picked up some clothes from the floor and tossed them to the brunette. “Come on, I’ll see you outside. And be quick, I’m absolutely bursting here”. With that, she was gone, presumably standing outside the room as her morning dump got more and more urgent.

Truth be told, Catra was experiencing much of the same feelings. She had woken up needing to poop pretty badly, as she often did, but her horniness had taken priority, as it almost always did. Now that the distraction of toying with herself was gone, she realised how desperate she was for a shit. She threw on the clothes and marched with Adora to the bathroom.

Inside, they took two seats next to each other. Finally able to relax their clenched asses, the two friends began to evacuate their filled bowels. Catra’s poop escaped in a sloppy mess that filled the entire bowl and left no square inch of clear water left in sight. Adora, on the other hand, took a little longer to push out three thick, solid logs. Once they were both done, they wiped and stood to compare sizes.

“There’s not much between us,” Adora commented, mildly surprised. “But it doesn’t matter. After the contest- which starts now, by the way- we’ll see who can really hold the biggest loads”.

####

Forty-eight hours had passed since the contest had started. For Adora, this was a fairly standard amount of time to wait between poops, but her routine and her body’s custom to going every two mornings like clockwork meant that she was bursting by the time the two girls convened in Adora’s room to discuss how to proceed. Catra hadn’t gone so long without pooping in her life, except for one time when she was constipated a few years prior. She could barely stand still, feeling ready to explode, but determination to win the contest and get one over on her rival was keeping her going, keeping her butt clenched tight shut.

Over the two days they had barely had time to talk about anything, let alone the contest. Instructors and other staff had kept the trainees busy, rarely giving them more than a few minutes to themselves, and in the evenings they had been to exhausted to talk. Today, though, was set to have a different feel. It was a day off for Adora and Catra- almost an alien concept by now- and it was just as well, because their bodies had hit their limits at last. Today was going to be the last day of the contest, one way or another.

I'm ready to burst," Catra complained, holding her belly. She was sitting at Adora's desk chair, which had been swivelled around to face her friend. Adora herself was standing by her bed, a bulge in her stomach indicating the size of the load she was holding in. They were alone in the room.

"Trust me, I'm not much better," Adora said, "I haven't had to poop this badly since... well, since the other morning when you made me have an accident".

"I think we're both gonna have an accident at this rate," Catra said.

"There's definitely a bit sticking out of my butt," Adora groaned. She was frantic, unable to stand still. One hand was clasping one of her buttcheeks, squeezing it rapidly like she was flapping a sail.

"You know, you're not meant to do that," Catra said.

"What?"

"Touching your butt. It's supposed to make it worse," she said, letting out a long, low fart as she talked.

"I don't care, I think if I let go I'm gonna poop myself," Adora said.

"Can I be honest?" Catra asked.

"Of course".

"When I farted a few minutes ago, I think... something more came out," she said shyly.

"A shart?"

Catra nodded. Adora laughed despite herself.

"Oh, man. I'm glad I'm permanently constipated right now. I may be desperate but I've never shit liquid into my pants before".

"Well, it's not fun," Catra sighed. "I think we've made our point, don't you?"

Adora stopped and thought about it for a moment. The point of the contest was to see who could hold it the longest, and who could poop the most. Here they were, two desperate best friends, both on the verge of messing themselves in a big way. They'd proven their point. They could both hold for around two days and not much longer, it seemed like.

"Yeah, true. And besides, I really have to pee now," she admitted, "should we go to the bathroom and let it out?"

"Please," Catra said, getting to her feet. She looked relieved beyond belief.

The two girls walked together from Adora's room into the hallway. As soon as she saw what was going on, Adora's jaw dropped.

There was a gaggle of women outside the bathroom. She stepped closer, asking the nearest what was going on.

"Security malfunction," she explained nonchalantly, "the bathrooms are locked down. Sorry, kid, you're gonna have to hold it".

###

They retreated back to Adora’s room, where relief was no closer- but at least nobody could see them squirm. After all, Catra felt, if you were going to mess yourself, you might as well do it in private. In there, the only person who could witness what might happen next would be Adora, and Catra didn’t mind that. Adora was beautiful, Adora had a smile that made things better… and, best of all, Adora was just as desperate as she was.

For a moment they said nothing to one another. The shock of the bathroom doors being locked had taken the wind completely out of their sails, and all the desperation-fuelled adrenaline had momentarily disappeared, leaving a bitter sense of worry. Catra felt her slender belly grumble again, and shifted uncomfortably. When she moved, she could feel the residue that the shart had left in her pants: slightly slimy and still warm. It felt remarkably heavy.

Adora didn’t look much better. She sat back down on her bed for a second, waited a few seconds and then leapt back to her feet. Catra deduced that sitting down while holding must have proved too difficult for her friend. Even now, even in this moment, she couldn’t help admiring how gorgeous Adora was. Those thoughts she tried to avoid were already beginning, creeping up on her like a cloud of warm pee in a cool swimming pool. She loved the way the curves of her best friend’s body were accented so perfectly by what she was wearing. The diamond sparkle in those otherwise gentle sky-blue eyes. Something about knowing that Adora urgently needed to do something so unladylike was only making her sexier to Catra. In those moments, gazing at Adora’s squirming figure beside the bed, Catra forgot about her own need to poop.

But then she moved just an inch in her chair and oh, yes, it was back, back again like an ice pick to a bouncy castle. The pressure was building and building not just in her bowels, but her bladder, filling and swelling and ready to burst. Catra wanted- no, needed- to fart, and still she knew she couldn’t risk it. Adora’s heavy breathing was somewhere between concerning and hot to her. Signalled by another aggressive rumble at the base of her belly, Catra knew that, like Adora, sitting down wasn’t an option any longer. Staying where she was would only ruin the nice material of Adora’s chair. Despite herself, she smiled ruefully at the idea if this pristine seat being subject to one of her explosive dumps. That would not go well. So she got to her feet slowly and joined her friend in the centre of the room.

“Remember the last time I pooped myself?” Adora said.

“The one a few days ago?”

“No, silly. The last actual accident, in public”.

Catra did remember- she remembered very well. Almost every detail was etched in her mind because she sometimes thought about it late at night when she couldn’t sleep- not that she would ever tell Adora that. It had been on the walk home from a long training expedition. Adora had thought she could hold it and been proved wrong just a few minutes from safety.

“I remember,” Catra said finally, smiling.

“Well, do you remember what I said to you just a few minutes before it... happened?”

“You said you could feel it sliding out of you and you couldn’t stop it. You told me it was like trying to grab onto an eel”. Adora nodded. The memory was still fresh for her too. “And that’s how you feel now?” Catra guessed.

“If the bathroom doesn’t open soon the same thing is going to happen again,” she said.

Catra took two steps closer to the gorgeous woman. She wasn’t used to being in the role of comforter, of calming presence in the friendship. Adora had gotten her out of countless bathroom-related scrapes, and the few times Catra was needed to repay the favour, she usually failed. Well, not today.

She took Adora’s slim fingers in her own, taking in how pure and clean they were. They smelt like soap and lavender.

Adora’s eyes were wet with panic, but the sparkle was still there, even if you had to look a little deeper. Catra, by contrast, felt oddly calm. Perhaps it was because she was more used to being desperate, or perhaps having accidents had just ceased to be a big deal for her after so many experiences. Maybe her instincts just knew that she needed to be the level-headed one while her friend could not.

“Adora, it’s okay,” she insisted, “don’t worry about it. I shit myself all the time and you still love me”.

Adora sniffled a little and wiped her eyes with the back of her sleeve.

“It’s just so bad,” she whimpered, shuffling on the spot. Another low, thunderous fart ripped out, and Catra silenced Adora’s unnecessary apologies.

“I know, Adora, I know. I can’t hold it much longer either”. An idea came to Catra then, something that might be the only way to resolve their predicament. “Let me check the hallway. The bathroom might be open by now!”

“But what if it isn’t?” Adora asked. Catra looked back at her for a second, taking in once again how incredible she looked at this early-morning, intimate time. She thought about her answer for a very long time.

“Then we poop ourselves,” she said bluntly, “but at least we do it together”.

Behind the worried expression, Catra thought she almost caught a hint of a smile.

“Together?” Adora said, moving closer. They were near enough now that she could smell Catra’s breath. It was hot, with a tinge of spearmint. “I can live with that”.

There, standing a foot from the woman she had called her best friend for so long, something instinctive took over Catra. It was deeper than the subconscious, maybe, but it rose up inside her, a Phoenix climbing.

Before her better judgement could stop her, Catra placed a shaky hand on Adora’s left hip. The blonde girl looked back at her, and the gaze said everything. It wasn’t just permission. It was more like the visual equivalent of the word please.

Catra leaned in and closed her eyes, and her lips instantly found Adora’s. They were softer than she had imagined, warmer than she had guessed. But it was all very real, and that was all she needed. That hand snuck up, up to the waist, brushing past the side of her full breast and towards the long blonde mane that she’d loved for years.

She almost squealed in delight when she detected Adora returning the kiss, subtly at first and then with more confidence. It was like they’d been transported out of their bodies, the curse of desperate bowels temporarily lifted, given license to enjoy this moment while it lasted. The kiss went on for a very long time.

Suddenly, Catra farted again, and the spell was broken. They broke apart, both girls fighting the bizarre urge to laugh. Catra reached around and felt the back of her pants- definitely squishier and warmer than before.

“Wow,” she breathed, “you literally just kissed the shit out of me”.

That did it. Adora cracked up, unable to keep a straight face in the emotional high of the unexpected kiss. She wiped her eyes again, and smiled warmly.

“That was nice, though,” she said sincerely, “thank you”.

Catra just winked at her. The kiss had bought something wet and sticky to her crotch. “We should do it again sometime,” she said, trying to sound seductive, “ready to check the bathroom?”

“Okay,” Adora said cautiously, “but whatever happens when you open that door, we’re a team, right?”

“Of course,” Catra nodded. “You know, I have a good feeling about this”. She placed her hand on the doorknob.

“You think it’s going to be open?”

“I think so. It has to be,” she willed.

“Well, I hope you’re right. But hurry, because I think it’s starting”.

Catra took a deep breath, spurred on by her friend’s newfound optimism. The kiss had changed everything. She turned the handle and opened the door just enough to see the bathroom. Adora watched on as her friend looked out, took it all in… then closed the door again suddenly.

“Well, we’re screwed,” Catra said.

###

Adora understood all at once that she was losing the battle. When Catra broke the bad news, the effect was nearly instantaneous. Her exhausted cheeks started to forcefully relax, opening up and parting like a flower inside her leggings. The trembling in her legs was ceased abruptly. She looked up at Catra with those big, blue eyes, opened her mouth to speak and found that no words would come. Catra didn’t need to hear it. She knew what her friend was going through because she was experiencing the same thing herself.

It started, for Catra, with a steady stream of leakage. A hot, smooth bubble came spitting out of her tight ring, followed by another, and then a bigger one. Her stomach was begging her to give up, just about to overpower her. Even after the squelching sounds of her own wet farts, she could make out a deliciously audible crackle that she knew right away was coming from Adora’s ass. It was the familiar noise of a hard, dry log starting to emerge despite the best efforts of the woman it was emerging from. Catra could see the effort on that pale, beautiful face of trying to clench her cheeks closed once more. She still had one hand fiddling frantically with her butt as if there was anything she could do. Perhaps Adora even still really believed that she could hold on a bit longer. But Catra knew better.

Her little spurting sharts slowly morphed into one long, continuous flow. It sounded like a single gassy fart that would not let up. She looked Adora in the eyes and saw that in that instant they were both losing control together. A bulge was forming at the back of Adora’s leggings, turning the white a murky, lumpy brown. They were thin enough that Catra could make out the knobbly shape of the thick first log. It was slipping out accompanied with a sickening, churning noise radiating from the girl’s flat belly. She could smell it now, too, not the scent of farts that had filled the room but something far graver now- the odour of poop, both the powerful diarrhoea scent building in her underwear and the earthy tones of Adora’s solid log. The two mixed in the air to become even more potent.

“It’s happening!” Adora wailed. That first turd of hers was already almost out. As Catra watched, it broke away from her hole and nestled in the leggings, stretching the fabric out impatiently. The sheer weight of it caused her tight clothing to sag heavily.

Catra was hit with the overwhelming urge to push. Her stomach couldn’t take much more.

“I’m done,” she told Adora, defeat in her voice, “I can’t hold it any-“

She’d only gotten halfway through the word anymore when it happened; the final loss of control exploded out of her, lava into a sieve. It gurgled into her underwear in a volcano of hot mess, almost all at once. She must’ve lost a mug’s worth of shit in the first second- once that initial cork had been blown off the flow really began. Within moments she could feel it trickling down the back of her left thigh, running in the crack between her legs, saturating her panties. Adora’s second log was crowning just as Catra’s second wave started to spurt out. She was bent over, leaning one hand against the wall, giving her friend a clear view of the tent that protruded at least six inches behind her. Once the second turd emptied itself into her underwear, only making the bulge even bigger, Adora flicked her sweaty hair behind her shoulder and the movement stopped for a second. Her face was red with effort.

“I think I can hold the rest of it, but I don’t know how much longer,” she panted. Catra looked at her incredulously.

“Why?”

“What do you mean?”

“We’re already crapping ourselves, Adora. Is there really any point hanging on to the rest of it? It’s only gonna cause us pain”.

“Point taken,” Adora sighed, and relaxed her shoulders. Almost immediately that bulge started growing again, staining the pristine leggings a darker, stronger brown as she did so. Catra, for her part, was still shitting an unsteady stream in her underpants, unable to even try and stop the flow. She was farting relentlessly between squirts, releasing the gas that had been pent up inside of her. It felt horrible and incredible at the same time.

Something fresh caught Catra’s eyes then: a wet patch was beginning to spread with violent speed across the front of the blonde woman’s jeans.

“Adora, you’re peeing!” she called out in warning. Adora looked down, swore and grabbed her crotch in a vague attempt to hold on, but after a moment she let it go and resigned herself to the fate of a double-accident.

After the fourth and longest log yet had found its place in Adora’s underwear, too solid and firm to mix with any of the other pieces, she let out one final, low fart and relaxed, empty at last. Catra squeezed to check if there was anything left in her bowels, but only a small near-liquid squirt of mush came out. The pain in her stomach was subsiding slowly. It looked as though the nightmare was over.

And yet had it been a nightmare? She certainly didn’t feel like she was particularly upset. In a way, watching Adora mess while doing the same herself had been somewhat enthralling, and she suspected she would find more than just poop if she inspected her panties later.

“I think I’m done,” Adora said finally.

“Me too,” said Catra, “at last”.

For a good few seconds they just stood there, staring at each other’s states. The kiss couldn’t be just forgotten, but for now Catra was content to look at her best friend, who somehow looked prettier than ever standing in filled pants. She whirled around to give Adora a perfect view of the ruin her panties were in, not to mention the rest of her clothes. Wet shit pooled on the ground below her. It would be a hell of cleaning up job.

Their competition had ended in disaster, but she wouldn’t have changed a second of it.

“So,” Adora said, taking a deep breath and summoning the nerve for an evil grin, “same again next week?”

