Tomb Raider: Lara’s Survival Instincts

Author: Batman007

*000*2021-07-19 21:52

Author’s Note:

This omo will play out similar to the forth level of the game Tomb Raider: Legend and will not be a shot for shot retelling of the same story omo-fied, but rather highlighting different adventures of Lara where she had to endure embarrassing moments in her missions.

Lara’s Diary entry 1:

Dear diary, after my encounter with James Rutland in the ruined city of Tiwanaku in Bolivia, I have become suspicious that other people are looking for the sword. After sometime knowing that my good friend Amanda Evert was alive and finding a statue of Tiwanaku's last queen, whose life strongly parallels the common legends of King Arthur and a replica of her sword. The tip resembles an artifact stolen by Takamoto, who is a Japanese businessman and a member of the Yakuza that loves ancient weapons.

I naturally traveled to Japan to go confront Takamoto at Nishimura’s party and my negotiations with him didn’t end up well as I stormed his office before facing and defeating him in a final duel with the stolen sword fragment in hand. It turns out that the sword possessed destructive magical abilities and was believed to be discovered by an 11th-century crusader said to have been a knight of Arthur.

I returned back to the party and had a few drinks, I already felt the effects happening in a moment’s time. I had to pee, but I chose to hold it in. I kept ordering drinks, which was bad because I really had to pee and in no time I became drunk, you can guess that need was more desperate as I was going to explode soon. So I raced over to the bathroom and all I remember was having an accident right in front of the toilet. It was over and I didn’t make it, but being drunk I thought I was forcefully peeing into the toilet and only realised then that I was standing up. I naturally sat down onto the floor and watched myself wet my black laced panties, so I was sitting in my own puddle with my guns and grenades dipped in the mess. I hope I will not have to endure a similar occurrence in my next assignment.

I chose to pursue Rutland to a Ghanaian temple hidden behind a waterfall and coincidentally it was a location my father explored during his career. I spotted Rutland’s men, this was definitely the place, I swan dived off the cliff and landed into the river. I climb on the rope near where I am and the waterfall opens up and reveals the entrance of the tomb. I just realised that all the traps weren’t working and were motionless. I continued through and later I was in a big gunfight with Rutland’s men, I naturally killed them all because I’m the best, but I only just realised that the tee I drank before coming here was taking a toll on me. I put it aside and continued on my adventure, I did a lot of swing and jumping to get to the other side.

What I didn’t realise was the only why to proceed was to flood the tomb and the idea of flooding the tomb was torturing me. So I did some more jumping and climbing to get to the flooding room, I walked to far and fell of the small cliff and I didn’t see the leopard coming straight at me, I almost had a fear wetting while I was shooting the wild creature, I had to do an elaborate and time taking job of climbing and swinging my way to flood gates. As I got the water to rise up I had to drive into it, as I was in the water, my body wanted me to let and release but I didn’t want to so I had to hold it as I swam my way back to my circus act and onto the next part of the tomb. I was really desperate now, the leopard incident kickstarted my bladder and the swimming almost made me want to piss.

As I continued through this part of the tomb, some traps were work and some weren’t but the battle with my bladder would soon come to an end. I remember this vividly, I was going to jump over the broken traps, but then a huge bolder came charging after me and I ran and jumped as fast as I could. I was loosing control every few minutes as I squirted a lot in my pink laced panties, I got out of there safely and watched how the bolder went tumbling down and was destroyed. I looked up and then I started peeing, I watched in fear as I was wet my brown shorts. I closed my eyes and opened them later to discover a very noticeable wet Mark in the front of my pants, I tend to think that I lost control because I was surrounded by waterfalls.

To Be Continued...

*001*2021-09-19 20:56

Dear diary, I had a massive accident today and it was so enjoyable to let go. I just returned from my adventure in Siberia in a helicopter back home late at night and as soon as that helicopter left I could feel how desperate I was. I was wrapping in very warm clothes, which wasn’t a problem. I walked through the hedge maze and I had strong intentions to have an accident, right there right now, but I chose not to and instead stripped out of my snow suit and walked out of hedge maze in nothing but my bra and panties.

However as I get to the door I just remembered I kept the key in the pocket of my snow jacket, so I had to dash back and grab it. I grabbed my clothes and walked out of maze, but in doing so I got myself lost in the hedge maze and again I had strong intentions to piss myself there, but I refused. I got back to the door and this time unlocked it and walked inside. To my amazement no one was inside not even Winston, this was very strange and then finding out Zip and Alister weren’t there either. By this time my bladder was aching for relief, I had to go so badly!

I raced up the stairs to the bathroom, but the door was locked. I couldn’t believe this, so I raced downstairs to my gym. I knew that the only way to the bathroom was by braking in, so I decided to scale the walls, I put my hand into my jacket’s pocket and pulled out my climbing gear and then I started to climb up it. I saw the glass windows to the bathroom and I knew I can make it. I swang myself back and forth before smashing into the window, when I crashed through the window I started to loose control as I got myself back up on my feet, I couldn’t seem to hold it in anymore. I watched my snow pants become wet and I was so turned on, I couldn’t stop thinking if I should masterbate at the sight of my mess.

Naturally, I chose to masterbate while I was still peeing and it was the most hottest experience I ever felt, I remember that I was moaning so damn loud and enjoyed every minute of my pleasuring wetting. I then got changed and wore my bikini because I wanted to have a swim, but I was so worried that I was the only person inside, however, there was some advantages for that I don’t think that I could have enjoyed my wetting if there wasn’t there.

To Be Continued...

