Zuorsara Commissions: The Journey

Author: Zuorsara

*000*2020-09-28 15:21

Hi, I'm a commissions writer for omo literature. If you like what you read, find me at

%https://www.fiverr.com/zuorsara/write-erotic-omorashi-literature

Or DM me on omo.org. This was a commission for Ed2

BEEP BEEP BEEP

The alarm clock sounded loudly in her ear as Alex rose from her slumber. She fumbled at it in a blind haze, desperate to turn it off and go back to the land of blissful dreams that she’d so rudely been awakened from. Then, she realised her folly and grabbed it, pressing the button to silence the offending device, and lay there for a second gazing up at the ceiling with bleary half-open eyes. When she was satisfied that were no was point to her staying any longer in the soft fabric of the bed, she roused herself and pulled her legs out from underneath the heavy covers, pushing them aside and sprawling over the edge of the bed, her feet hanging just over the floor. She rubbed her eyes, trying to remove the sleep-crust from them, before rubbing her face. It was a big day, and she didn’t want to show to her friends the sleepiness that she was currently feeling. She was excited, and a little anxious, with a strange butterfly feeling in her gut that she couldn’t exactly explain.

She pulled herself completely from the confines of the bed, and stood upright, a thin sliver of early morning sunshine dazzling her eyes. Her naked body was illuminated in the orange yellow glow, and she flicked her hair back out of her eyes. Alex was a mixed-race girl, Hispanic on her mother’s side, whereas her father was Caucasian. This gave her a rather tanned, olive-skin complexion, with long straight brown hair. Her face was soft, with gorgeous lips and bright blue eyes beneath perfect eyebrows. Her body, on the other hand, was strong and voluptuous, with powerful thighs, as a result of all the exercises she did to maintain her amazing physique. She was perfectly proportioned, neither particularly muscled nor chubby, but somewhere in between, a stunning balance as a result of her years of hard work and dedication in the gym, as well as her full diet. She was of average height, and her skin was deeply smooth and unblemished.

She walked across her room to the shower, turning it on and feeling the scorching hot water douse her skin and face. She ran a hand through her hair, the fiery liquid running between her fingers. It was an intensely spiritual ritual for her to take a shower; she felt like she wouldn’t be complete for the rest of the day until she had relieved her body of all the aches and pains gathered from sleeping in the bed all night.

When she was comfortable that her body had been eased up, and all the stress of the next few days had gone away, she grabbed several bottles of assorted shampoos and skincare products, and began to soak herself in the healing, revitalising chemicals. The heat of the shower water, almost boiling in temperature, was causing vast clouds of steaming perfumes to rise to the top of the shower, making her slightly woozy despite the pleasant smell. It was at this point, with her skin reddened by the heat of the water, and the powerful scent of expensive perfumes lingering in the air, that she decided that her shower was to be over, and she turned off the shower nozzle, opened the door and began drying herself with a pink towel that she kept on a rack nearby.

When she was positive that not a speck of water was left on her body, and her hair was perfectly dry, she went back into the bedroom to put on her clothing. Pulling several items from her assorted cupboards and wardrobes, she eventually decided upon a pair of tight grey jogging shorts, so thin they were almost leggings, over her grey panties. Then she pulled on a grey croptop shirt, again a very thin fabric, yet not particularly revealing except for her midsection. She put on her socks and a pair of white trainers, before heading back into the bathroom to do her makeup. In no time whatsoever, she expertly put on her eye shadow and eyeliner, with some subtle red lipstick and a bit of blush. With this complete, she looked truly stunning, a beautiful and confident young woman ready for the adventure of the days ahead.

After checking the time, she began to finalise the last part of her preparation. She grabbed all her materials, makeup, chemicals and props, as well as her self-written instructions for putting them on, and the pictures she’d taken of herself in costume during her practices sessions. The Widow’s Kiss sniper rifle prop was the last thing she packed away, the plastic sections fitting neatly in the bag, next to her headgear and purple bodysuit. She shut the bag, quickly attaching a label to it with the words “Widowmaker Overwatch cosplay suit – do not touch!”. With that out of the way, she packed the last of her clothes and toiletries, and began to await the arrival of her friends.

Half an hour later, the doorbell rang, and when she opened it Alex was greeted by one of her dearest and closest friends. Melissa immediately stepped in and gave her a warm hug. She was a pale blonde girl of average size and build, with gloriously blue eyes and hair that seemed to glitter in the sunlight.

“Alex! Aww I missed you so much these past few days. Have you got everything ready for the cosplay convention?”

“I missed you too Melissa, of course I’ve got everything ready,” she replied, smiling and laughing at Melissa’s enthusiasm. Evidently she was extremely excited and bubbly about the next few days’ adventure, and could barely contain how jumpy she was. That wasn’t to say that Alex wasn’t excited, but in truth Alex was always a bit nervous about travelling long distances. Something about being away from home for a long time, being in an area she didn’t know very well with people she’d never met before, and trying to show off her cosplay efforts to them, was making her a bit anxious. Still, she was greatly looking forward to going, and she was sure that all the others were as well.

“Are Kate and Ruby in the car as well,” said Alex as she grabbed her luggage and began hauling it out through her front door.

“Yes of course,” replied Melissa. “They’ve got their costumes ready as well. I tell you what though; it’s going to be a struggle to fit much more into the car, it’s pretty packed already, as you’ll see in a second.”

As her and Alex walked down the steps from her apartment, Alex noticed that she was right. With Kate and Ruby’s shadows in the front of the car, she could see the entire boot was absolutely stuffed with luggage, which was spilling out into the neck behind the back seats. She turned to Melissa.

“Uh huh, maybe we could fit some into the back seats. I don’t mind having a bag or two on my lap.”

Melissa shrugged. “Okay, but only so long as they aren’t too heavy; I don’t want to get to the hotel with my legs crushed by all the clothes you’re bringing. I guess we could try and put some behind the front seats, and put our legs on them as well?”

This time it was Alex who herself shrugged in response. “I guess so.” She opened up the back car door and was greeted by cheers and whoops from the car’s occupants, namely Kate and Ruby. Ruby was a mixed race girl like her, though with she was several years older and had dark brown hair that extended far down her back, as well as the most bountiful, delicious, enormous ass that Alex had ever known. She certainly had decently wide hips (though not as powerful as Alex’s), but her ass was on a whole other level – it was absolutely magnificent in every aspect. At that particular second in time it was pressed heavily into the passenger seat, barely contained by the dark leather, and she was wearing a pair of white leggings and a denim jacket.

Next to her, in the driver’s seat, sat Kate, and it was her car that they were using to get the cosplay convention; a massive black land rover that, despite the seemingly impossibly nature of the accomplishment, had been packed to the brim with the three girls’ luggage. Kate herself was an African American girl and the second oldest girl after Ruby. She had shoulder length wavy black hair, shaved on one side to fit her cosplay, and a large white smile that just beamed happiness and confidence. Her tits and ass were firm, but not quite as generous as the other girls, but she made up for that with her skinny waist and hourglass figure. Kate was wearing a pair of grey demin jeans and a croptop of the same colour and make as Alex’s.

“We’re all here! Now let’s get going; I can’t wait to get there!” cried Kate, ecstatic with the chance to finally be on their way to the convention.

“Hold on, I’ve still got to get my stuff from my apartment; this is only the first batch,” replied Alex.

“Well hurry up then! We’ll never get there at this rate.”

With Melissa helping her to carry some of her luggage, Alex managed to fit it into the space between the front and back seats, with a few bags in between them in the back seat. She did a quick spot check to make sure she hadn’t missed anything essential, and then her and Melissa got into the car, placing themselves carefully into the seats, with their feat on either side of both bags of Alex’s luggage. With everything ready, they could finally begin on their journey at last.

“Is everyone ready? Everyone got everything? I just want to make sure we don’t leave anything behind; because I hope you know once we’re on the road, I’m not going back,” said Kate, starting the engine. Everyone nodded and made noises of agreement.

“Well, that’s it then. We’re going,” Kate responded, and pulled the car out of the parking space. She drove down the road, with all of the other passengers desperately hoping that they hadn’t forgotten anything, but of course, like Kate had said, it was too late now. They were on the road, for real, and there was nothing going to stop them from reaching their destination.

When they reached a main road, Melissa pulled out her phone and began to tap at it. Alex could see out of the corner of her eye that she seemed to be bringing up the gallery, and looking at various pictures she’d taken. Then, Melissa turned to her and said “Hey, Alex, want to see some pictures of us in our different cosplay outfits?”

“Sure, why not?” she replied, as Melissa leant over the luggage in between them to show her her phone display. On the screen was Melissa, but it was definitely hard to tell it was her; she was dressed in a perfect cosplay outfit as Mercy, the angelic character from a popular video game.

“Wow, that looks so good! You put in so much effort, that’s insane. That looks so good,” said Alex. It was true, evidently she’d put hour upon hour of effort into her costume, and it was a fantastic representation of her chosen character. “Do you have any pictures of Kate and Ruby?”

“Yep, sure do,” said Melissa, before flicking to another picture in her gallery. This one showed Kate as Sombra, wearing a purple and blue custom cosplay outfit, with her specially-shaved hair style dyed a pinkish-purple. Then, Melissa flicked onto one of Ruby as the game’s centre character, Tracer, with a pair of orange leggings and her trademark goggles. Alex couldn’t wait to see them all in costume over the next few days; she hoped desperately that they would win some sort of prize for best cosplay. They’d put so much effort in that she was sure that the other cosplayers there would be impressed.

She turned to Ruby as they sped along the main road. “So Ruby, you’re doing Tracer, huh?”

Ruby turned and smiled. “Sure am, you like it?”

“I think it looks great. Can you do the accent though?” said Alex half-jokingly.

“’Ello, guv’na, fancy a cuppa’tea?” said Ruby in a mock British accent. Alex burst out laughing, and Melissa and Kate were barely able to contain their giggles at Ruby’s terrible fake accent.

“That’s fucking terrible, Ruby. Please, could you never ever do that again,” laughed Kate.

They continued laughing and joking around for the next hour or so, each telling the others what they’d been up to over the previous few days and how they’d been preparing their cosplay outfits. Eventually however, the conversation died down a little bit, until Alex was staring out of the window, Melissa was on her phone texting her boyfriend, and Ruby was just moving around in her seat.

“Say, Kate, could you stop at the next service station. I kinda have to pee,” she said, looking slightly anxious.

“Well, we’re running a bit late. You sure you can’t hold it until we arrive? It’s only like another two hours.”

“No, definitely not,” said Ruby nervously.

“Okay then.”

But as they sped down the motorway, past fields and pastures, not a single service station or public toilet could be found. They continued on and on, and out of the corner of her eye Alex could see Ruby become slightly more fidgety and agitated.

“Oh no! What the fuck???” Kate’s voice came loudly through the entire car and brought all of them out of their daydreaming and back into reality. Looking ahead through the windscreen, Alex could see cars stretched out into the horizon, as far as the eye could see.

Kate turned to Ruby and said “Sorry; I checked earlier and it said there was no traffic. I can’t do anything. Do you still need to go to the toilet?”

Ruby moaned slightly. “Yes, I fucking do actually. I really need to pee.”

“How bad?”

“Like, really fucking bad!” Ruby responded angrily. “Uh, sorry. I had a load of energy drinks before you picked me up and they’ve gone straight through me. My bladder is killing me,”

“Sorry, there’s not much I can do at the moment. I can’t stop really because if the traffic starts going again it’s gonna put me in a bad situation.”

“That’s alright, I understand. Just... make sure you get to a service station as soon as possible please.” With that, Ruby sank back into the chair, her hands resting on top of her legs.

The traffic jam continued for what felt like an eternity, getting slower and slower until they weren’t moving at all. They were just stuck there, totally unable to move, with Ruby getting more and more anxious to take a big gushing piss. After ten minutes of being at a complete standstill, Katy sighed and put her head on the steering wheel. They and the traffic for miles ahead, were completely immobile.

“Look, Katy, I’m fucking bursting here. I’m gonna get out and take a piss behind that tree over there,” said Ruby, pointing to a patch of trees that were just off the side of the motorway.

“Okay, go for it, but if the traffic starts going again you better pinch it off fast, okay?” said Katy in response.

“Yeah yeah whatever,” said Ruby as she hurriedly undid her seatbelt and opened the door, rushing to the side of the road with her thighs tightly clenched towards each other, as the sprinting version of a pee-dance. When she got to the trees, Alex saw her disappear behind them, and she could only imagine the feeling of relief that was surely rushing through Ruby as she relieved her bladder of all its tortuous fluids.

But just then, Katy got her own form of relief, as the traffic up ahead began to move, slowly at first but rapidly picking up speed. Katy turned them in horror and said “Could you shout out to Ruby? I’m not sure she can see the traffic from here!”

Alex nodded and put her head to the window, shouting out into the woodland “Hey Ruby!!! Traffic’s going!!! Get back in here!!!” But there was no response. “Fuck,” she said. “I’m not sure she can hear me!”

But just as she said that, Ruby came charging back towards the car just as the car in front began to slowly move once again. She was fiddling with the front of her leggings, and as she opened the door and sat down she gave a moan of pain.

“Did you manage to pee?” said Melissa urgently as Kate started to drive off.

“No, I only squirted a little bit, and now I have to pee worse than ever,” Ruby groaned, closing her eyes in pain, and clutching her crotch.

“I’ll get you to the nearest service station,” said Kate with uncertainty in her voice. “But please for the love of god don’t pee in my seat. If you piss yourself I’ll kill you.”

Ruby just moaned again. “I’m not sure I can fucking help it! I’m absolutely bursting – like, I’m literally about to explode any second.”

“You can do it!” said Alex.

“Yeah, you can hold it, girl!” said Melissa as well. Ruby just sighed and said “I’ll try as hard as I can – GAS STATION!” She practically screamed it, pointing into the windscreen as the sign for a service station appeared by the side of the road.

Immediately, Kate pulled off the motorway and into the little parking area. Before the car had even stopped moving, Ruby had jumped out, sprinting inside with her hands squashed tightly between her legs. Kate turned to Melissa and Alex and said to them “Are you going inside? I’m happy to stay here but if you want food or got to take a piss like Ruby then I might come with you.”

“I’m pretty hungry; I’m gonna get some food,” said Melissa.

“I might use the toilet,” said Alex. She didn’t really need to go, but she didn’t want to be desperate on the last stretch of the journey like Ruby had been.

“Yeah, you know what I might use the toilet as well. We all saw how quickly Ruby got desperate. Plus, I want a coffee, and you know what that does to my bladder,” said Katy. They got out and headed inside.

It was surprisingly busy; there was a long line for the fast food place, which Melissa immediately joined.

“Get me some coffee would you?” said Katy, which Melissa responded to with “sure thing babe.”

Turning to the toilets, Katy and Alex were greeted to a rather long but fast moving line of women, all in various stages of desperation, with Ruby at the end. She was bouncing up and down, moaning frequently and holding herself between her legs. Kate turned to Alex and whispered “She looks like she’s about to blow.”

As the line decreased, nobody joined behind Alex and Kate, and they discovered the reason for the line was that out of the three toilet cubicles, only one was useable; the others were out of order. Eventually, Ruby was finally able to pull open the door and head inside. From outside the cubicle, alone in the bathroom, Kate and Alex were able to hear exactly what was going on inside.

There was the sound of a series of sighs and groans, and the sounds of soft fabric being pulled down, before the noise of something heavy (which could only have been Ruby’s fat ass) sitting down on the toilet seat. Then they heard it.

A thundering spray of piss hammered the inside of the toilet bowl. It was ear-splittingly loud, and completely ferocious; the fierce spray impacting the inside of the bowl with the force of a fire hose. Coupled with the torrential piss-monsoon, they could hear grunts and groans of pleasure as Ruby totally released herself. In fact, as the piss went on and on, the number of pleasurable sounds emitting from her lips only increased, until at last, she piss turned from a cascade, to a gentle trickle, to a few drops.

Alex looked at her feet, but then she was startled by another groan of pleasure from inside the toilet cubicle. And there was another groan, louder this time. Katy turned to Alex and raised an eyebrow. The groans quickly turned into grunts, getting faster and faster, until there was a muffled shriek of pleasure from inside the toilet cubicle. Alex was desperately trying to ignore the awkward situation of listening to her friend have a post-relief orgasm. After a couple of moments of heavy breathing, there was the sound of toilet paper being ripped, and fabric being pulled up around Ruby’s legs, then she emerged from the toilet cubicle; looking very red faced.

“Oh, hi girls, I didn’t know you were out here,” she said, trying to mask her sudden embarrassment.

“What the fuck was that?” said Kate, smiling at her.

“What was what?” replied Ruby, feigning ignorance.

“Did you just have an orgasm on the toilet or something?”

Ruby made an awkward fake-laugh. “Oh, no, you see I just had to pee like super super bad, so when I finished I couldn’t help but make a few moans of pleasure. You know how it is when you really got to pee, and how good it feels to finally get all that piss out of your system...”

“Yeah...” said Kate, raising a sceptical eyebrow. With Ruby out of the way, she went into the toilet cubicle and released a small amount of piss. After a couple of minutes, she emerged, walking past Alex and saying “toilet’s all yours, babe.”

Alex was suddenly very alone in the bathroom. She looked at the now-vacated toilet, and a strange question began to form in her mind. Why was she in the bathroom? She didn’t really have to pee at all, and there was nobody judging her for not using the bathroom. The toilet looked more and more foreboding, like a strange place. Without her friends, and exposed to Ruby’s bizarre toilet antics, she felt very discomforted by the emptiness of the bathroom. She doubted she would be able to get comfortable on the toilet, and therefore she wouldn’t be able to properly empty her full bladder. She made a snap decision, one that she might have been made to regret later. She turned on her heel, and walked 180 degrees out of the toilet, to see Alex, Kate and Ruby drinking coffee in the main service station area.

“You emptied your bladder for the journey ahead?” asked Kate inquisitively.

“Yep, all empty,” Alex lied. Her bladder was a little full, but she knew she could easily manage to get through the rest of the journey with that level of urine inside her.

“Here, I got you a coffee,” said Melissa, which Alex unthinkingly accepted. They all finished their coffees in no time, and before long they were back on the road, all of them empty except for Alex and possibly Melissa.

As they sped along, Alex noticed her need go from nothing, to pretty darn bad actually. She began to deeply regret drinking that coffee, as well as not using the bathroom when she had the chance. Oh, why hadn’t she taken that piss? The toilet cubicle had been right in front of her! She had had her only opportunity for the rest of the journey, and she’d blow it. She felt incredibly embarrassed for herself; to be scared of using the toilet in a service station. It seemed ridiculous, infantile even, but she knew that she had to be stronger and more confident in strange situations if she planned to use the toilets at all over the next few days. She hoped that the toilets at the hotel would be of sufficient quality and tranquillity to allow her to use them without feeling totally awkward.

Now, her bladder really was hurting. The fact that her legs were spread out by the luggage was only making matters worse; she couldn’t cross her legs at all and she didn’t want to openly hold herself in front of Melissa in case she figured out that she hadn’t used the toilets at the gas station. She wondered what her friends would think of her if they found out. Would they think that she was cowardly, or weak-willed, or just plain weird? Or some strange combination of all of them? She shuddered at the thought. No, she would just have to hold it until the end of the journey, even if it put her through a significant amount of pain.

While she was thinking about of this, her thoughts on what her friends might say to her and how she might break it to them that she needed to pee, her hands drew slowly closer and closer to her crotch. First they were pressed against the leather seat on either side of her thighs, awkwardly twitching due to the pressure brewing within her, and then they gradually moved to be holding the sides of her thighs, to being crossed across her chest whilst she sighed and tried to look at the scenery outside to take her mind off things, to being placed directly on top of her thighs, before moving to rest on top of her bladder bulge, and then surely, inexorably advancing down closer and closer to her aching pussy, until she was holding herself properly, pressing her hand right up against her bursting urethra to prevent even the smallest of drops from escaping her swollen bladder.

She was fidgeting more and more, her feet bouncing up and down, and subconsciously grinding her butt into the seat as she fought in vain to find a comfortable position, while her bladder rebelled in anguish against her fierce control over it.

“Hey, could we pull over at the nearest gas station. I really gotta pee.”

Alex’s heart skipped a beat when Melissa put her head forwards and leaned into Kate’s ear. If Melissa could get her to stop, she could find an excuse to leave the car and head for the toilets as well. She only had to be sure that she could avoid letting her friends find out that she was taking another pee, and this time she was resolute that she would be peeing in that toilet no matter how anxious she was about it.

“We’ve only got half an hour left, Melissa. You can hold it till then, can’t you?”

“Yeah I guess so.” Melissa slunk back in her seat.

Alex was in a panic. She was desperate now, trying her hardest to avoid letting on even the slightest implication of her tremendous need, whilst being absolutely and completely bursting for a massive, sloshing piss. She began to stress out, holding her hands into her crotch and fiddling with her fingers, anything to take her mind off of her bladder emergency. She hoped beyond hope that she would be able to hold it for the next half an hour, but deep down she subconsciously knew that it was pointless.

As if in agreement, her urethra failed for just a second, but enough to give Alex a terrible fright, as she suddenly felt searing hot liquid burning the inside of her thighs, a single drop rolling down her pussy into the space between her butt and the seat. A second later, another leak occurred, this time more than a few drops. It was a squirt, and Alex could feel the fabric between her legs become very wet very quickly. She pulled her right hand up, and saw the faintest, tiniest little bit of liquid on the centre of her palm. She groaned in pain and discomfort.

“Are you alright Alex? You’re not getting carsick are you?” said Melissa from her side.

Alex shook her head. This was too much; there was no possible way she would last even five minutes, let alone half an hour, or twenty five minutes. She had to think of something, and fast. She was too humiliated by her own inability to use the toilet at the gas station to alert her friends to her plight, and she hadn’t seen any gas stations on the way past anyway. She couldn’t use a bottle for that self-same reason. There was only one thing she could do to take the pressure off, although it was an extremely risky manoeuvre: Alex was going to let a bit of her piss out.

In preparation for her planned leak, Alex went as straight as possible, not daring to move a muscle for fear that it could cause her to lose control and void herself completely, suffering complete bladder disaster. All she had to do, was open her urethra and slowly leak a bit. Maybe if she took some pressure off, she could wait for it to dry again in the heat beneath her ponderous butt, and then if she got truly desperate again she could just leak into the same place. She’d have to change her shorts when she got to the hotel, but that was a price worth paying if it meant that none of her friends would find out about the fact that she was too awkward to use a perfectly normal toilet.

Alex held her breath, not daring to even breath, and she released. A tiny trickle of urine immediately began to flow out of her pussy, the enormous heat burning her vagina and wetting the bottom of her clothes. She felt the boiling liquid slowly trickle down underneath her, settling into the space between her buttcrack and the seat, and sticking to her. She tried to detect whether or not there was a smell, but she knew that at this point it was futile trying to guess whether or not the others would notice. She had already done the act, and now all she had to do was stop, for the time being anyway.

She willed her urethra to close, but nothing happened. She tried again, pushing with all her mental might to force it to shut and lock the rest of her urine up again, but nothing happened. Alex began to totally panic. As discreetly as possible, she shoved her hands against her urethra, feeling the gentle trickle of urine spread against them. But no matter what she did, she couldn’t stop her piss from continuing to leak out of her. The seal had been broken, and there was no going back. The hot liquid filled the gap between her butt and the seat, before spreading out. Alex tried her hardest not to cry as the piss spread out from behind her butt, forming a tiny but noticeable puddle behind her.

Suddenly, Melissa turned to her, and her eyes went wide when she saw the tiny yellow puddle beneath Alex’s big fat butt.

“OMG Alex are you pissing yourself???”

Katy’s head snapped around and she shrieked “WHAT?”

Alex burst into tears, her body wracked by violent sobs. As she cried, her urethra opened fully, no longer contained by her fearsome willpower, and urine began to spray into her shorts with abandon. Within seconds, a fierce hissing noise had filled the car, and the urine puddle had spread at a rapid pace in all directions, eventually flowing off the chair onto the floor, although thankfully avoiding her luggage. The acrid stench of her long-held piss filled the car, totally unmistakable as the evidence of a terrible bladder disaster.

It was dark yellow in colour, and it stuck to her, getting absolutely everywhere. Her legs, hands and butt were soaked in the hot, sweaty, sticky liquid that clung to her skin, covering her in a smelly layer of piss. She was crying uncontrollably, unable to do anything but void her bladder all over herself and the seat. She felt no pleasure from the release, only a deep sense of shame and regret, as well as self-humiliation and the idea that she was too pathetic to use a damn gas station bathroom; an especially horrible thought for an otherwise ordinarily self-confident woman.

Eventually, her piss died down and she was left there, her lower body flooded with vile sticky urine that was already drying all over her. Her butt felt the worst; she could feel the still-hot piss between her buttcheeks, gluing them together with sweaty gross liquid.

“I thought... I thought you used the toilet the gas station...” said Ruby dumbly.

Alex continued to cry. “I lied... I couldn’t use the toilet... it was too awkward...” She burst into tears all over again. “I’m sorry Kate... your car is ruined and it’s all my fault...”

Kate gazed at her sympathetically before returning her gaze to the road. “There there, it’s okay. We all have accidents now and again. Did any pee get on the cosplay outfit or the luggage?”

“No... no, I don’t think so...”

“Okay, well that’s something at least. Look, I can get the car cleaned, but I’m more concerned about you, Alex.”

Alex sniffed. “I’m fine.”

“Well, okay. I won’t charge you for the car to be cleaned, but I don’t get why you thought we’d care if you needed to go to the toilet again?”

“I didn’t want you guys to think that I was such a princess that I couldn’t use the toilet at a gas station.”

Melissa smiled. “Don’t worry Alex. We all have little stuff that disturbs us – I have really bad trypophobia for example. Like, I really REALLY don’t like lots of little holes in stuff. I mean, they really give me the fucking creeps.”

Alex sniffed again. “Thanks Melissa. I’m... I’m sorry for the car Kate. Really I am.”

“That’s okay Alex. But promise me if you need to pee again, just tell me, okay?”

“Okay Kate. I promise I’ll never piss myself again.”

Kate laughed a little. “Well, I wouldn’t go that far. But how about never in my car?”

For the last few minutes of the journey, Alex tried to wipe the tears from her eyes, hoping her makeup hadn’t been completely destroyed by her crying. When they got to the hotel, Ruby checked in, before she and Melissa smuggled Alex up to their room, where she threw her piss-soaked shorts on the bathroom floor and sat in the shower, contemplating her social life and future possibilities of her not being confident enough to admit she had to pee. Down below, through the small clouded window she could see Katy and Melissa trying to clean her seat with what appeared to be a towel and some wet wipes.

As the hot water washed any remnants of her accident, she was awoken from her thoughts by a knock on the bathroom door. She turned off the shower, wrapped herself in a towel and answered it, to find that Ruby was standing there.

“Hi Alex, mind if I come in?”

Alex was a little surprised by Ruby’s behaviour, but she guessed that Ruby probably needed the toilet or something. We went to move out of Ruby’s way, but Ruby put a hand against her chest and stopped her. “No, stay.”

Alex shut the door and locked it, as Ruby turned to face her, carefully avoiding stepping on the pee-soaked shorts and panties on the floor.

“Uh, Ruby, what’s this about?”

“Alex, I just wanted to say sorry.”

“Sorry for what?”

“Sorry for being awkward in the toilet cubicle at the gas station. It was wrong of me, and I hope you don’t think I’m a weirdo or something.” Alex was taken aback. Admittedly, it had been weird of Ruby to have an orgasm in a public toilet after taking a big piss, but Alex had rationalised it away as the piss being so pleasurable to her that she couldn’t help but give herself an orgasm.

“No. It was nothing. I mean, yeah it was weird, but I don’t...”

“Alex, I made you wet yourself. I know you get nervous when you’re far away from home. Remember when we went to Spain for your eighteenth birthday, and you didn’t use the toilet during the entire flight, only to rush off to the airport bathroom as soon as we arrived?”

“I didn’t know you all had noticed...”

“Alex, everyone noticed. You looked like you were about to explode. Kate was going to say something but we half-wanted to see if you really would wet yourself.”

Alex was feeling rather upset again now, at her ideas of the past being so quickly altered.

“But I should’ve known you aren’t good with weird situations. I shouldn’t have made myself cum.”

So she did bring herself to orgasm, Alex thought, confirming her justified suspicions.

“It’s alright Ruby, it wasn’t your fault. I should’ve said something. I’m sorry as well.”

“Thanks Alex, I’m glad you’re so understanding.”

Alex almost went to guide her out of the bathroom, but something was holding her back. She knew she shouldn’t, but she had to ask the question.

“Just one last thing...”

“Yes, Alex?”

“Ruby, why were you... doing that to yourself after your pee?”

Ruby flicked her eyes across the room, as if scanning for imagery spies. “Can you keep a secret, Alex?”

“Yes, of course. You know me, Ruby.”

“Okay then,” without warning, Ruby began to pull down her leggings.

“Wha-what are you doing?” said Alex, a degree of shock in her voice. She and Ruby were used to being partially naked around each other, but she’d never seen Ruby deliberately strip in front of her.

When Ruby’s leggings were around her ankles, she turned around and bent over, pulling her panties out of the way. And then Alex saw it; between Ruby’s juicy, first cheeks was a large butt plug, stuffed right in Ruby’s asshole but hidden by the weight of her thick cheeks. Ruby pulled her panties back into place and then turned around, flicking her hair.

“Before I left, I made a bet with my boyfriend, that if he could satisfy me for two hours solid I’d wear a butt plug for the rest of the week. He decided that the best time to try his luck was a couple of days ago, and I think you can guess the rest.”

“So what, you have to wear that massive thing in your ass for the rest of the week? That means you’ll have it in all through the cosplay convention.”

“Yep. It’s not too bad, because you kinda get used to it. There’s only one thing though...”

“Yeah, what?”

“Whenever I sit down, I can feel it in my butt... and it really turns me on.”

Alex raised an eyebrow.

“So how does this explain you cumming in the toilet cubicle at the gas station.”

“Well, when I really needed to pee, it wasn’t that I just needed to pee. The more I was bouncing around in desperation, the more I could feel the butt plug in my ass, and it was super turning me on. I had to go to the bathroom or I felt like I was honestly gonna cum in my seat. That’s why I didn’t manage to pee by the side of the road by the way. Anyway, when I got to the bathroom, the only thing I could think of was taking a big piss and having an orgasm. As soon as I got in the toilet and took my piss, I started fingering myself and sending the video to my boyfriend. I’m sorry, but I couldn’t think of anything else.”

Alex was stunned by the brazenness of Ruby. She didn’t know what to say, other than a dumb “Wow.”

“So yeah, sorry about that, Alex.”

She had so many ideas, but she couldn’t articulate them into a question. She was shocked that Ruby had been so confident that she could finger herself in a public toilet knowing that her best friends were right outside, whereas she couldn’t even take a piss in an empty bathroom. She wanted to ask Ruby how it felt to have that butt plug inside of her, she wanted to know the degree of pleasure that Ruby had felt from it that could have put her in such a mindlessly horny mood. Yet at the same time, she couldn’t help but feel that keeping a butt plug inside her for the rest of the week would only make her ass incredibly sore.

“Ruby... I do have one question.”

“Shoot.”

“Do you have to keep that butt plug inside for the rest of the week?”

“Yeah, that’s what I said.”

“I mean, would you remove it for any reason?”

“No, not really. I guess if it was a medical emergency or something, but I’m pretty adamant about keeping it in.”

“What if... what if you really had to take a dump?”

Ruby laughed. “Alex, I can hold my shit in. Besides, the butt plug will help my in any case. My bowels are pretty big too – I mean, you don’t know how big my shits are on a normal day, so I know how capable I am of storing a lot, if you know what I mean.”

This time it was Alex who laughed. “Holy fuck Ruby, you’re so fucking gross.”

Ruby giggled. “Yeah, I just have to remember not to eat a lot, but other than that I should be fine.” She pulled up her leggings and made sure they were properly fastened around her abdomen. Then she gave Alex a cheeky smile and said “Not a word of this to anyone, right? Not even Kate and Melissa.”

“Right.” And with that, Ruby gave a final smile and left the bathroom, leaving Alex to her own thoughts once again, but this time, Alex was in a world of imagination, thinking about Ruby and the butt plug that was going to be contained in her perfectly voluptuous ass for the rest of the week.

A FEW DAYS LATER

It was the final day of the cosplay convention, and Alex was just applying the final layer of her black eye shadow over the purple-blue makeup that covered her face and upper body. When she was done, she placed the cosplay headdress on top of her head and attached it properly. Then she got up, turning to Tracer, Mercy and Sombra.

“You all ready to go out again, girls?” she said.

Ruby nodded. “Sure am. To be honest I can’t wait to get this over with. Being a cosplayer is fun and all, but these goggles are starting to annoy me now.” She adjusted the heavy plastic goggles, making sure she avoided the spikes of hair that she’d spent the entire morning getting just right. Alex couldn’t help but feel that Ruby had become more moody and agitated over the past few days. She’d started off like normal, but gradually she’d started complaining about more and more stuff. Not enough to ruin the cosplay convention of course, but it will still beginning to get the other girls worked up.

Ruby had other problems as well; she took any chance to sit down and hated standing up for long periods, and her stomach kept making all these horrifying gurgling, liquid sounds that had increased in frequency and intensity as the days went by. Now, every half hour, she’d bend over, grunt, and a loud gurgle would erupt from inside her. Of course, every time Kate or Melissa had asked her, she’d mumbled something about indigestion, but Alex knew that inside of her, Ruby’s bowels are stuffed to bursting with days worth of digested fast food.

Alex had her own problems however. Although she’d managed to use the toilets at the convention building and the hotel, she hadn’t yet worked up the confidence to take a dump. Fortunately for her, compared to Ruby, her guts weren’t playing up, although she certainly felt a distinct fullness in her abdomen. It was like every time she went to the bathroom and took a piss, she’d think about having a poop, but she’d notice something that would distract her, like the universe was trying to find stuff that were deliberately off-putting to place in the bathroom with her, like a speck of gunk next to the toilet or a rogue cobweb above her or an annoying noise from the other side of the bathroom. Whatever it was, it was the reason she couldn’t go to take a shit, although her confidence had definitely increased over the past few days.

As it was the final day of the cosplay convention, the cosplay artists were expected to enter into a competition to determine the best costume. A few other competitions had already passed, and they hadn’t won anything so far, but they’d entered the best costume competition as a group, and from what they’d seen of the other contestants and groups they stood a reasonable chance of winning at least a bronze trophy.

After spending time outside getting pictures with various Overwatch fans and letting them take photos of them, Kate, Melissa, Alex and Ruby went into the central area for the final contest of the week. As soon as it was over, the small holiday would essentially be complete, and they’d get ready to leave the following day. For Ruby it had a special meaning however, as her boyfriend had accepted that, as it was Sunday, at the stroke of midnight she would finally be able to remove her butt plug. Alex didn’t want to imagine the state of the toilet at five past twelve; the massive amounts of fast food that Ruby had mindlessly eaten despite her vow “not to eat a lot” promised mountains of greasy shit that would ruin the bathroom for the foreseeable future. Thankfully they would be leaving the morning afterward.

They walked over to an empty table, past some Stormtroopers, the Avengers, and Doomguy, and tried to avoid the gaze of Commander Shepherd and Geralt who were whistling at them from the corner. After a short while, a guy with glasses got up onto the stage and began to list of the outcomes for the various competitions. As one by one the cosplayers got up on stage and received their prizes, Alex became less and less confident that they would win anything at all, despite the amount of effort that had gone into their costumes. All of a sudden, Ruby leaned into Alex’s ear and whispered painfully “Alex... If we win anything just tell me later okay, because I’ve really got to go to the toilet.”

She got up to leave, but Alex grabbed her arm. “Wait, there’s only a few more contests to go. Can’t you hold your bladder for that long?”

Ruby grunted and bent over holding her stomach. “Ffffucck... that was a bad one... look, Alex, to be honest it’s not my bladder that’s killing me, alright?”

Alex was a little angry at Ruby. It had been her choice to eat so much in the first place, despite what Ruby at told her. Alex had eaten less than her and her bowels were perfectly fine, if a little full. She’d spent the last few days complaining about stuff, and it was really starting to get on her nerves. Now she was going to miss the final awards ceremony, and it was all because she couldn’t help but stuff herself with junk food.

“Well, if you want to miss the final awards then fine, but don’t expect us to include you if we win anything.”

Ruby visibly almost snapped at her, but eventually she gritted her teeth and sat back down again.

“I’m only doing this for my boyfriend, you understand, Alex?” she muttered.

“You’ve only got the rest of the afternoon, then you can take as big a shit as you want,” Alex responded, quietly, so the others wouldn’t hear.

“Yeah, I’m gonna fuck up that toilet so bad, you just watch me,” said Ruby proudly.

“Uh... sorry to interrupt your little conversation, but aren’t you coming with us?” said Melissa, leaning over the top of them.

“Go where?” said Alex dumbly.

“On stage of course, to collect our prize!” interjected Kate. “Prize?” Alex turned to Ruby.

“Yeah, for best costumes! Come on!” Kate said, as she and Melissa pulled them to their feet. Alex was dumbfounded – after all watching all those people go onto the stage to receive their prize, she’d practically lose hope of winning anything at all. They approached the stairs and were led onto the stage, where the man with glasses presented them a trophy and asked them to say a few words into the microphone, which Katy promptly did, with zero stage fright whatsoever. Ruby on the other hand, was sweating badly, and looked incredibly nervous. She was trying to cover it up, but anyone could see that she wasn’t comfortable whatsoever. Despite this, she still took happiness in the fact that they’d won, and despite her pain a big glorious smile broke out across her face when they all held the trophy up together. Despite Alex’s perhaps a little cruel insistence that she stayed, Ruby looked like she didn’t regret staying to win the trophy.

As soon as they got off stage, they retreated back to their table, and revelled in their victory whilst the final parts of the cosplay convention were wrapped up. When they left the hall, it was already getting into the late afternoon, and none of them particularly wanted to take any more photos with the fans outside. Katy and Alex allowed a few people to take some photos, but Melissa and Ruby sat it out on a stone step a little way away, occasionally talking with a fan who walked past. Ruby was looking to be in more and more pain as the light gradually began to fade away. By seven o’clock, they had made the collective decision to go back to the flat.

“Come on, let’s get going,” said Kate. “That was good going, I’m really glad we won. Admittedly we only won a single contest, but at least it was the one we were looking for.” The others mumbled in agreement, except for Ruby, who only groaned.

“Ruby, are you alright? Still got bad ingestion huh?” said Melissa, with a worried expression.

Ruby nodded. “You uh, girls go on ahead without me. I want to go at my own pace.” She staggered forward, obviously trying not to move too fast so as not to disturb her bloated bowels.

“Nah, come on. We can’t leave you behind. We’ll get you home Ruby.”

“You know, since we’ve been here, you haven’t taken a single dump,” said Katy thoughtfully.

Ruby’s eyes went wide, and she looked at Alex. “What do you mean?”

“I mean from where my bed is, I can pretty much hear everything that happens in the bathroom, and I haven’t heard you take even a single shit. The same for Alex, but she doesn’t seem to have indigestion like you do. I’ve taken two shits, and Melissa has taken a shit every morning and evening since we got here.”

Melissa went bright red, but it was Ruby who responded with a simple “So?”

“So I’m saying when you get home you should really take a shit. You know, take a load off your bowels? Loosen yourself up a little bit?”

Ruby’s stomach made a loud gurgling noise, and she bent over until she was almost squatting. “Urrrrgh... can we not talk about shitting please? It’s really not helping.”

“Wait, are you desperate for a shit?” Katy said, only now realising how oblivious she’d been to Ruby’s symptoms.

“YES!!” said Ruby loudly. “I’m fucking desperate – and I have been for fucking DAYS!!! Now let’s get back to the apartment before I fucking shit all over my fucking self!”

It had taken a lot for Ruby to actually admit how truly mind-bogglingly desperate for a shit she actually was, and as soon as she said it Katy and Melissa helped her back to the apartment. Finally relieved of the burden of keeping her bathroom habit a secret, she could now vocalise exactly how badly she needed to go. Every few seconds she’d moan about being “stuffed with shit”, or “I’ve got to shit like a horse” or “I think my bowels are gonna burst”. By the time they arrived at the apartment, Ruby’s desperation had increased massively. It was like being able to talk about it freely had increased the urgency at which her bowels were going to release.

When they go to their rooms, Katy went back outside to see if she could get some laxatives or something from the twenty-four hour supermarket a short distance away, whilst Melissa started making Ruby’s bed and making sure would be comfortable once she’d gone to the toilet and properly relieved herself. Alex was in charge of making sure that Ruby’s costume had been removed properly.

She began to remove Ruby’s costume bit by bit. Despite her efforts, Ruby was practically trying to tear it off, almost ruining it. Thankfully, she wasn’t wearing full-on makeup like Alex was, so it was a bit easier.

“Come on Alex, stop being so slow and lazy; I can’t hold it much longer!”

The sudden and unexpected rudeness made Alex grit her teeth. She thought about how much food Ruby had eaten over the past few days, how she’d stuffed herself with the greasiest junk food possible, and how she was now being rude to the one person that would release her and allow her to go to the toilet. But now, Alex wasn’t sure we wanted to allow Ruby to go to the toilet.

“Ruby. You made a promise to your boyfriend, didn’t you? That you’d hold it to the end of the week?”

“Yeah! And I’ve kept to it!”

“Not quite. It’s only half past eight in the evening. The week only ends in – let’s see – three and a half hours.”

Ruby turned to her.

“What are you saying?”

“I’m saying I’ve had it with you being so rude to me. You being stuffed with shit has made you a fucking bitch, Ruby. There, I said it. So if you take the butt plug out I’m gonna take a photo of it and send it to your boyfriend, to make sure he knows that his girlfriend doesn’t keep a promise, just like how you broke your promise not to eat so much.”

Ruby gave her a glare of intense anger and rage, and then her face softened, and she broke down crying. She was full on sobbing, just like how Alex had done in the car when she wet herself.

“I’m so sorry Alex... I didn’t know I was being so horrible to everyone... I’ve made everyone think I’m a horrible person... and all because I ate so much... I just really thought because it’s a holiday I could do what I wanted... I’m sorry for treating you this way... I brought all this on myself... I’m so sorry... I just need to shit so bad...”

Alex herself was awash with emotions. Where a second ago she’d been ready to put a strain on Ruby’s relationship with her boyfriend, now she felt like she too had been a horrible person. Her mouth whimpered, and before she knew it she was hugging Ruby, both of them crying into each other. Their tears were dripping onto each other’s shoulders as they held each other close, both of them totally forgiven, and whispering “I’m so sorry,” tearfully into each other’s ears. Gradually, as they stopped crying, Alex began to peel off the last few layers of Ruby’s clothing, until she was wearing nothing but her bra and panties, and even then Ruby turned around, signally for Alex to help undo her bra. Almost completely naked, she was helped into the bathroom by Alex, and she stood there against the wall.

“Are you gonna shit now?” asked Alex, as Ruby prepared to take her panties off.

“Alex... I can’t, remember?”

“What do you mean?” said Alex, puzzled.

“I made a promise to my boyfriend that I wouldn’t take my butt plug out,” replied Ruby tearfully.

“No, I’m not gonna send a picture, that was just me being stupid, I promise I won’t,” said Alex. She felt like crying again, that her friend genuinely thought she would ruin her relationship.

“No Alex, I know you won’t. You’re too good of a person. But I broke a promise to you... and I don’t want to break the promise I made to my boyfriend.”

Alex just stood there, watching Ruby’s stand naked in the middle of the bathroom. “What are you going to do?” she whispered.

“I’m going to wait for Katy to get back with the laxatives, and then I’m going to take one at quarter-to-midnight, and then sit on the toilet until everything is out.”

“Okay, don’t lock the door then, in case you like pass out or something,” said Alex. Then she quietly shut the door and left, leaving Ruby alone in the bathroom. She went and found Melissa, and they sat on Katy’s bed outside the wall next to the toilet, just silently waiting for something to happen.

When Katy got back a few minutes later, she handed a laxative to Ruby through the door and sat on the bed with them.

“Is Ruby a bit better now?”

“No, she hasn’t even shit yet,” replied Melissa. Katy just nodded and said “the laxatives will definitely help with that thought. Then, without warning, there was an extremely loud noise from within the bathroom, a shriek of pain accompanied with a fearsome gurgle. Katy turned to Melissa and Alex, eyes wide, and said “Should I go and help her?”

Alex just shook her head. “I think she’ll be better off by herself for a while.”

From within the bathroom, they heard a strange noise. The ‘thunk’ of something heavy hitting the floor. “What the fuck was that?” said Melissa, but of course Alex already knew. It was the very thing that had remained stuffed between Ruby’s fat asscheeks for an entire week, and had, at that very second, been forced out by a pressure unimaginable within her overfilled bowels.

A split second later, there was another groan, but this time it was a groan of relief rather than pain. An ear-splittingly loud shart rang out throughout the apartment, followed by the sounds of a deluge of heavy, lumpy liquid shit impacting the tiled bathroom floor heavily. It literally sounded like she’d exploded with diarrhoea. Evidently she hadn’t made it to the toilet at all.

Again, another groan, and more shit cascaded onto the floor like a fetid waterfall, splashing against the walls and bathroom objects by the sounds of it. It was followed by a quick succession of blasting sharts, each one releasing heavier and heavier amounts of waste onto the floor. Alex could literally hear the loud wet crackle of fresh shit being ejected from Ruby’s enormous, rounded ass, before listening to it plop onto the floor, into the puddle of wet diarrhoea. It seemed to go on forever, to the point when Alex was amazed that anyone could even hold that much compacted waste inside of them; surely anybody else would’ve exploded with shit long before getting to this point.

They heard a ‘thump, thump’ noise, which sounded like footsteps, and then the crackling and plopping of the logs of shit hitting the floor ceased, to be replaced with noisy, farting sprays of liquid. And after a while, these ceased as well.

“I’ll go and check on here, to make sure she’s okay,” said Alex, when she was sure that Ruby had finished. She left Katy and Melissa and went to the bathroom door in the hall, knocking on it. There was no response except for a slight moan.

“Ruby, are you alright?” Another moan. Alex opened the door and was immediately hit by the most intense smell she’d ever endured in her entire life. She had to close her eyes and recoil, coughing from the powerful stench. When at last her nose had acclimatised to it, she could reopen her eyes and look at the inevitable mess in the bathroom.

Ruby was lying flat on her belly on the floor, her ass facing the door. Between her legs were wet mountains of dark brown waste, each comprised of logs of the greasiest, most disgusting shit that Alex had ever seen. Surrounding her lower body was an ocean of lumpy half-digested diarrhoea that coated the entire floor and several sections of the walls, with splashes and dribbles of shit even getting high up onto the walls and the shower. Mercifully, Ruby’s upper half had avoided the worse of the damage. On the other side of the room, buried beneath a heap of dump was the glistening butt plug that caused this catastrophe.

Alex didn’t know quite what she could do to help her. She called out gently but urgently “Ruby, are you alright?”

She saw Ruby’s eyes open and she whispered weakly “Feeling much better now – urrrgh!”

Quick as a flash, Alex darted the side as a torrent of liquid shit sprayed out from between Ruby’s cheeks, splashing onto the wooden floor of the hall. She went to fetch Kate and Melissa, who both agreed that they couldn’t really do much at that point, and that they should try to make Ruby as comfortable as possible, and see how she would be the next morning. She couldn’t get her to bed in case she ruined the sheets, so they decided the only thing they could do was to wait for Ruby to finish shitting, then clean her up and wrap her on a towel on the bathroom floor. They waited for almost an hour, listening to the occasional groan that was inevitably followed up with the splattering of shit against the bathroom door. In the meantime, they set about cleaning the shit in the hallway, scraping it up as much as possible, mopping vigorously and then washing the floor with sponges and antibacterial agents.

Eventually, twenty minutes had passed without any sign of accident from Ruby, so they decided to carefully open the door. The smell and mess took Kate and Melissa completely off-guard, with Melissa almost gagging from the horrendous explosion, but eventually they managed to pull Ruby up off the floor and put her into the shower. She seemed much better at least, she was able to communicate more easily with them, although she was still very light-headed and weak. After what felt like hours, they managed to clean the majority of the bathroom, and the only thing left to do was to take care of Ruby herself. Kate and Melissa left to go to bed, with Kate in particular wanting to get a good night’s sleep in preparation for the long drive ahead.

Alex helped Ruby stand up in the shower and turned it on, both of them totally uncaring about Ruby’s nakedness in front of her. When the water began to stream down Ruby’s body, she grasped Alex’s head in her hands and said “Thank you, Alex.”

“No problem. I mean, what are friends for?”

“I can’t thank you enough, really. But...”

“But what?”

“I still have to go...”

Alex cringed, but she reached over to turn the shower off and pull Ruby over to the toilet before any more poop could come out of her, but Ruby slapped her hand away.

“No...”

“No?”

“No... I don’t have to shit... aaaahhhh!”

Alex suddenly felt a head radiate from Ruby’s body as a furious gush of piss streamed out from Ruby’s bare pussy, landing on the shower floor. She waited for Ruby to be done... but it didn’t stop. It kept going and going and going for what felt like ages, and then just as quickly as it had started, it finished. Ruby sighed in pleasure. “All done.”

Alex washed Ruby’s body and hair, making sure that every trace of shit and grime was removed. She even washed between Ruby’s fat asscheeks, paying attention to get them properly clean. She’d never touched another woman’s butt before, and whereas previously it might have been awkward, she knew that she had a duty to look out for her friend, and she didn’t take any pleasure out of it. Ruby’s pussy were mercifully clean, but she let Ruby wash it herself. When they were done, Alex helped her out of the shower and laid her down on a fluffy towel on the floor, covering her with a larger towel on top, with a pillow for her to rest her head. Before Alex could turn out the light in the bathroom, Ruby was fast asleep, completely tired out by her urgent bathroom emergency, and the expulsion of so much waste in a single go. With Ruby seen too, Alex went to bed herself, and likewise was soon fast asleep.

THE NEXT MORNING

After waking up, Alex managed to pull herself out of bed, and quickly discovered that Kate, Melissa and Ruby were already up. Ruby was feeling much better, and was sitting in the other room drinking a coffee whilst Melissa and Kate packed up the last remaining pieces of clothing and luggage that they’d brought with them. She decided that that day she was going to wear a beige coloured dress and a denim jacket. As soon as she was able, Alex joined them in putting away the final bits of her costume, and they began to take all of their luggage down to the car. As they went outside, the cool morning air was refreshing and Alex quickly found all of her sleepiness start to go away. They were leaving quite early in the morning, due to the fact that they had a long journey ahead and Kate was trying to avoid the traffic.

Eventually, they managed to fit all of the luggage into the car. Whereas on the journey to the cosplay convention, Melissa and Alex had had to have some of the luggage between their feet and on the seat between them, this time they’d manage to fit it in such a way that it had all managed to fit into the boot of the car, with the exception of a couple of bags that they placed under their seats. When everyone was ready, they checked out and Kate pulled the car away from the hotel and onto a main road, and then they were off on the return journey.

Alex had enjoyed the holiday greatly, despite the previous night’s events. She’d been ecstatic when they won the trophy for best costumes, and nothing, not even Ruby’s moaning and moodiness had been enough to bring her down. But she was glad that they’d made up; she didn’t want them to become enemies. Today however, Ruby was just her ordinary, warm self, laughing along to what Katy was saying in the front of the car. She was getting on well with everyone, and every trace of the grumpiness of the previous days had been washed away when she relieved her aching bowels all over the bathroom floor. She looked much better physically as well, no longer appearing in pain or making strange noises with her stomach.

Alex, on the other hand, was starting to feel a bit unusual. She felt strangely heavy, like there was a weight pulling her into the seat of the car. Over time, the feeling became more and more localised to her abdomen, and she remembered that she hadn’t taken a shit for the entire cosplay convention. Unlike Ruby however, she hadn’t eaten vast amounts of fast food, so she didn’t feel quite as bad as Ruby must have been feeling, but still... she couldn’t wait to get home and take a big fucking shit. As they continued to drive, she noticed a feeling in her bladder that wouldn’t go away, both of her waste excretion organs beginning to rapidly fill up. Of course, due to Ruby’s little drama in the bathroom, none of them had been able to use it that morning, and Alex figured she wasn’t the only one who was looking out for a bathroom. She debated whether or not to say anything, to see if anyone would say anything first, but nobody did, so she was forced to speak up.

“Hey, Kate? I kinda got to take a piss. Do you think you could pull up at the next service station?”

Kate groaned. “Yeah tell me about it, I’m getting kinda desperate myself.”

“You both need to pee as well?” said Melissa suddenly, moving her hands away from her thighs.

“Yeah,” said Alex.

Kate flicked her eyes and her direction and said in response “Don’t worry girls, I’ll pull us over the moment as gas station comes into view.”

But as more and more of the countryside passed them by, none of them could see any sign of a gas station or public toilets. Alex wondered whether or not they were in the same area that she’d had an accident in on the way to the convention, and if any of the other girls were thinking the same thing. She wasn’t desperate quite yet, but her bladder was rapidly filling from the coffees that they’d all drunken before leaving earlier that morning. In particular, Kate seemed to be in the worst condition; she was bouncing around in the driver’s seat in urgent need. It was actually kinda scary; Alex was becoming frightened that she would take her hands off the wheel to hold herself and then the car would careen off into a ditch by the side of the road, or hit another car or something. Eventually however, Ruby pointed out the sign to a nearby gas station, and Katy hurriedly pulled into it, parking the car and scrambling out to get to the toilet, with Melissa and Alex in toe.

Alex was still not exactly bursting, but in the ten seconds it had taken her to leave the car and get to the nearby public toilet, it felt like as soon as she’s left the car her desperation had doubled. She pressed her thighs together and cupped her bladder with her hands.

When they turned a corner, they came across the biggest line for a toilet that Alex had ever seen. It was enormous, comprised of at least several dozen women, all in various stages of desperation. Some were standing perfectly still, others were tapping their feet or bouncing slightly, a few were openly pee-dancing in need. When they got in line, Katy quickly started acting as one of the latter. Her hands was squashed right up against her pussy, and she was gritting her teeth and grunting. Likewise, Melissa was just pacing around, trying to keep her body busy to take away the focus from thinking about her bladder, hopping around on one foot. Alex herself was holding her pussy; her bladder was quickly becoming an emergency. She was just glad that she wasn’t in the car and that she’d had the guts to speak out about finding a service station.

Suddenly, Katy gave a little moan of urgent need and tapped on the shoulder of the woman in front of her, a tall woman with a rather large butt that was contained in a pair of polka-dot leggings.

“Hey, excuse me, but I could you let me go first? I’m fucking bursting for a piss!”

The woman just shook her head angrily. “If you knew how long I’d been waiting here for that darn toilet to be free you’d never ask such a stupid question.”

Katy just groaned and replied “I’m not sure how much longer I can hold it!” Just then, the occupant of the toilet left and another woman entered, the sounds of a furious piss flowing into the toilet coupled with the simultaneous gasp of relief. It was making Alex go crazy with need; she wasn’t sure how long she could hold it anymore. All she could do was clasp her pussy in her hands and hope her urethra wouldn’t fail her like it had a few days ago on the journey before. Over time, however, the line decreased until it was the woman in the leggings’ chance to use the now-vacated toilet. But Katy pushed in front of her.

“I’m really really sorry, but I just can’t wait any longer. If I have to stand here even a second longer I’m gonna wet myself!” she said, pleading with the woman to let her use it.

The woman just shoved Katy out of the way, looking her straight in the eyes and said “You’re not the only one who’s desperate for the loo. Some of us are just better at not showing it.” Then she marched into the cubicle, shutting the door and locking it. Katy’s face was burning and sweaty with urgency. She staggered over to where Alex and Melissa were bouncing in place and whispered in a terrible, pained voice “I’m not sure how long I can fucking hold it! It’s gonna come out!” The panic was clearly evident as she expressed the urgency of her situation to them. Melissa and Alex both moaned that they too were absolutely desperate, but there was nothing they could do.

From within the toilet cubicle, they all heard the shuffling of fabric as the woman pulled her leggings down, and then an enormous fart, followed by a series of wet splashes as the woman relieved her bowels. The farts continued, louder by far than even Ruby’s had been the previous day. It seemed that she must’ve been struggling with a loud of trapped gas on top of her overfull bowels. Every time the woman farted, more shit would surge into the toilet bowl, wet logs of shit being pumped out of her ass before, from the sounds of it, piling up inside it.

Suddenly, Katy let out a terrible moan. She practically shrieked “I can’t fucking take it anymore – I’m gonna piss!” Then she began to undo her jeans and ripped them off as fast as possible. Alex didn’t know what to do – she was about to stop her friend but before she knew it, Katy was squatting in the middle of the floor with her jeans around her ankles. As soon as she did so, a torrential spray of urine erupted out of her bared pussy, hitting the bathroom floor with the force of a firehose. The echoing sound of her explosive piss was incredibly loud, easily competing with the continued booming farts of the woman inside the toilet. Alex could hear the ‘hissss’ as the urine was pushed out of Kate’s urethra at record speed, and within seconds the entire floor was soaked in a rapidly expanding puddle of dark yellow, stinking piss.

Alex and Melissa couldn’t take it anymore. They weren’t brazen or bursting enough to just piss on the floor like Kate had done, but at the same time they were both in urgent desperation to relieve their bladders. But then Alex had an idea. She grabbed Melissa and they both staggered off to the men’s room.

Upon entering, they found that it was empty, but like the women’s toilets there was only a single cubicle; fortunately it wasn’t in use. Alex went to use it but Melissa said “Wait!”

Alex turned to see Melissa fighting desperately to keep her clothes clean. She looked like she could burst at any second. Her face was red and sweaty, and she was gasping in urgent need.

“Alex, please... let me go first... if you don’t I’m definitely going to wet myself.”

Alex was herself extremely desperate, but Melissa looked like such a pitiable sight that she couldn’t really refuse her. She let Melissa stumble in agony into the toilet, but it was only when Melissa’s stream began to flow out of her that she realised that she wouldn’t be able to wait until she was finished. She went into full-on panic mode. She couldn’t pee herself, not again. But she couldn’t just take a big fucking piss all over the floor like Kate had done. Looking around, there was only one thing for it.

Just as the first few drops of piss exited her urethra, she hobbled over to the urinals and lifted her dress up. As soon as her panties were out of the way, she let loose with a fearsome spray that blasted into the urinal. The physical power behind the stream was so much that it was literally firing out of her at an almost ninety degree angle. Most of the boiling hot piss managed to get into the urinal, although because it was hitting the back of it at such a force, little droplets were spraying all over the place, wetting Alex’s hands and thighs. She hoped that it wouldn’t appear on the dress as well, but at that moment all she could so was enjoy the relief as she emptied her swollen bladder. With the urine hissing from her in a cascading torrent, she just stood there, waiting until the very last drop of piss had been forced from her. When she was finally empty, she stood there for a moment, until she heard Melissa open the cubicle door.

“Did I hear you using the urinal?” Melissa inquired. Alex nodded an affirmative before walking into the toilet and drying herself with toilet paper. Her dress was thankfully untouched, but her legs and panties had suffered from back spray. In particular, there was a section of her panties right in front of her crotch that was sopping wet and stained by her explosive piss. Alex thought for a moment, before deciding that she didn’t want to be sitting in the car with wet pants on. She took them off, smoothing her dress down. It felt strangely liberating not to wear any panties, but because it would only be for the rest of the car journey that nobody would know.

Sitting on the toilet at long last, Alex pulled up her dress and relaxed, trying to motivate her bowels into moving. She wasn’t in dire need of a shit, but because she hadn’t taken a shit for the entire week, she was feeling rather stuffed up and bloated. But nothing happened. She tried to force it out, but her bowels just made a strange groaning, gurgling noise and she felt just as constipated as ever. She figured that it was probably just the fact that she’d made the unusual choice of taking a piss in the urinal, and not wearing any panties, and the strange situation was giving her butterflies. She pushed again, trying to loosen up her bowels, but she felt well and truly clogged. She realised that she could probably ask Kate if she had any more of those laxatives, since in the end Ruby hadn’t needed them, but she was a little embarrassed about it.

Trying and failing to force anything out of her bowels, Alex sighed and went into the lobby, where Kate and Melissa were. Once they were all ready, they went back to the car and met up with Ruby. As soon as she sat down in the car, Alex immediately felt the urge to shit return, but all she could do was try to shrug it off. It was too late to go back the service station, and besides, she couldn’t guarantee that she wouldn’t still be constipated when she got back to the toilet.

They left the gas station and sped along the road. Melissa was texting on her phone to her boyfriend, Ruby was just listening to her music with her headphones in, Kate was obviously paying close attention to the road, and Alex was just looking out the window, staring at all the fields and farmland outside the motorway, watching it all pass by. They’d certainly all had an adventure of the past few days, that was for certain. And, in a strange sense, Alex had enjoyed it.

She hadn’t enjoyed wetting herself, or having to clean up Ruby’s mess of course, but still – them winning the best costume competition was a big success for them. It would mean their cosplay group would become much more famous on social media, and perhaps they’d get special invites to certain future events, as well as the Patreon donations that they’d received as a result of their social media following. But Alex knew that she had to go back home, back to her normal job and normal life. However, her mind was still racing; she wondered what cosplay event would be next up, what costumes she and the rest of the girls would make, how they’d plan it all out.

Her guts made a horrid gurgle all of a sudden, and Alex was awoken from her thoughts by the urgent need to take a dump. It had come back so suddenly; a second ago she was totally lost in her own imagination, now she had been brought forcibly back into her physical body in the car, her abdomen cramping and sending urgent signals that it was time for release. She clutched her stomach, feeling a strange gurgling sensation throughout her back. She was rapidly becoming desperate to relieve her aching bowels. Fortunately, they were only a short distance outside of the city, and that meant she wouldn’t have to wait long to use the toilet at her apartment.

It wasn’t very long at all in fact when Kate pulled the car up to Melissa’s house in the outskirts of the city, and began to unload her stuff.

“Hey, Alex and Ruby, do you want to help us unload this stuff?” said Kate as she carried two big bags of luggage inside and into the central hall of Melissa’s rather spacious house. Ruby agreed immediately, but Alex was bit more reluctant; she was worried that carrying a lot of stuff around would put an undue amount of strain on her bowels, and make it harder for her to hold it in the last fifteen minutes of the journey. Carefully, she picked up a bag and slung it over her shoulder, carrying it inside where Melissa was waiting.

“Thanks for that, Alex,” she said, beaming.

“Well, I’ve got to take the others back as well,” said Kate. “That was a really great holiday, Melissa. Thanks for being there.”

“Awww,” said Melissa, before they all started to hug each other. Alex, Ruby and Kate went back to the car, and as they pulled out of Melissa’s drive they waved to her, smiling and beaming.

The next stop was fortunately Alex’s. She could her guts bubbling and churning, her bowels inching closer to the inevitable release. She knew it wasn’t going to be as liquid as Ruby’s terrifying eruption, but at the same time it wasn’t going to be pretty. Her guts felt like they were on fire, utterly packed to the brim with shit that wanted urgent release.

As smoothly and carefully as possible, she carried her stuff up to her apartment, secretly willing Ruby and Kate to get going so that she could use the toilet before she soiled herself. It was only a matter of time before her bowels pushed, and everything that was contained within would surely come surging out in a fetid mudslide. Yet despite her secret desire for them to get going and leave her alone in her apartment, Ruby and Kate kept trying to chat to her, laughing and smiling, all the while Alex was discreetly trying to prevent herself from literally taking a shit right in front of them. Finally, Kate got back in the car, and Alex was just about to say goodbye, quietly clutching her pained abdomen, when Ruby walked towards her and said:

“Alex, could I use your toilet before I go? I drank a load of coffee before we set off and my bladder is really starting to hurt.” Alex was stuck. She really REALLY needed to take a shit, and her bowels were absolutely killing her, but at the same time she was totally against the idea of showing how badly she needed to go. Plus, if she went before Ruby, she wasn’t sure how long she could be. She could be on the toilet relieving herself for an hour or more whilst Ruby sat outside. Could Ruby even wait that long herself? There was only one option; she just had to hold for a couple of minutes more whilst Ruby took her piss.

“Sure, go for it,” she grunted, holding on to her anus for dear life.

“Thanks,” Ruby sprinted past her into the bathroom. And Alex waited for her to be done. She felt woozy and light-headed from her tremendous urge to shit. It felt like she was about to accidentally relieve herself at any second, and the only thing she could possibly do to contain herself was to press herself up against the wall until her firm ass and thick thighs were squashed up against it. After what felt like an eternity, Ruby left the bathroom and Alex shouted “See you soon!” to her and Katy as they pulled away.

At last, she could relieve the enormous pressure on her massively overstuffed bowels. She moaned out loud and said to herself “Holy fuck I have to shit so bad,” as if admitting her problem would help take the pressure off. She staggered to the bathroom, taking small, hobbling steps and opened the door. The toilet was right in front of her, but it was too late.

Alex suddenly felt a weird feeling that started in her belly, and moved all the way down her abdomen until it hit her bowels, then her anus. And it was that point that she knew she couldn’t make it to the toilet. She was too tired and stuffed with shit to move even another inch; she couldn’t move a muscle, just standing there knowing that at any second she would shit herself. But there was no embarrassment, only the inevitability of relief. She hadn’t shit herself in front of her friends, or anyone else for that matter, and that was all the counted. She could only hope that it wouldn’t be as bad as Ruby’s.

There was a feeling as her anus was pulled wide open. Alex felt an enormous shit start to move towards the exit. But nothing emerged. She could feel her asshole widening and widening, until getting more and more painful. How fucking big could this turd possibly be??? She moaned in agony as her poor abused asshole was stretched even further, she was sure that it would break, until at last she felt it; a rock-solid emerging from her. The fact that she wasn’t wearing any panties from earlier made it so after several seconds of absolute agony, the turd began to emerge from beneath her dress.

It was absolutely colossal, at least four inches in diameter. It was like giving birth through her ass. Sweat poured off her in buckets as she fought to relieve herself of its pressure, and at last it began to speed up. Instead of a tenth of an inch of her length of cable emerging every ten seconds, now it was emerging faster and faster, until it hanging low beneath her dress, being forced out with extreme pressure. Alex couldn’t believe how impossibly large and solid it was; it was like laying a gargantuan log of solid diamond. At yet it came tumbling out of her, until with a dry fart the final length shot out of her, the entire log impacting the floor with a heavy ‘THUMP’.

The relief that Alex felt in that moment was indescribable. It was almost orgasmic, as if all her problems had been suddenly relieved from her. She turned around, her eyes clouded over with extreme feelings of relief, and saw the extreme size of the shit she’d just taken. It was monstrous, far larger than any individual log Ruby had produced. In fact, it was practically the size and shape of her entire colon. But there was still something left in her...

Alex farted again, and several large nuggets of rock hard hit dropped out of her, landing on top of the mammoth log. They were shortly followed by another barrage of nuggets and pellets, and another, and another, until the colossal log was almost buried beneath a pile of brown rocks. With each groaning release, Alex could feel the weight inside her decrease. She had taken a load off with her titanic shit, and when the final few pellets of shit dropped out of her, she walked serenely over to the toilet and just sat there, completely empty, and looked at what she had just produced.

In the middle of the bathroom was a turd bigger than anything she’d ever seen before. It around a foot and a half in length, with enormous girth, wider than a soft-drinks can. On top of it was piled rock solid pieces of shit, each one at least an inch in size, several dozen in total. Due to its hard nature, her shit didn’t smell too bad, but she knew it would be a helluva time trying to clean it up. In a strange sense she was glad she hadn’t made it to the toilet; the sheer amount of shit she’d produced would’ve clogged it for sure. She just sat there, thinking about nothing in particular, until eventually she got up and began the work to clean up her massive accident.

A FEW DAYS LATER

Alex was watching TV when the doorbell rang. She raced to the front door, only to find that it was a delivery man. She tried to remember if she’d brought anything whilst the signed the machine the man was holding, before he passed her a shoebox-sized package. She took it inside and started to open, no longer caring about what was on the TV. Underneath the layer of wrapping was a single note:

TO ALEX

You seemed pretty curious about mine, so I thought I’d get you one. Besides, from what I saw when we dropped you off, it might come in handy

FROM RUBY

Opening the package, Alex could see it glinting in the light. She clasped the butt plug in her hands, and began to think of all the new adventures she could have with it. This was going to be fun...

