My house is your house

Author: Tyoku

*000*2023-01-28 18:02

Hi, my name is Paul. At the end of the year I have been working at a Burger King to raise money to pay my rent. A few months ago the managers introduced a girl named Sofía. She was white and had a short bob cut. She always attracted me to those types of girls with that haircut. Everything was fine until she didn't show up for work because she got sick with a fever. We all did not give it importance since it was normal for that to happen at work, so we continued without her for 2 days. On the third day she went back to work, but what was the problem? Turns out she was still sick, not as bad as before.

I thought she just had a flu but then in a chat with the manager I heard that she had stomach pains, and that she was allowed to use the bathroom all day if necessary. During the next 6 hours I have seen Sofia use the bathroom more than 17 times. Don't ask why she thought that but she made me curious. In the end I left work and we all left the place. But before closing, Sofía did not go to the bathroom for the last few hours. I thought maybe the stomach ache was gone so I went to take a bus.

Already at the bus station I caught sight of Sofía entering a music store, but after a few seconds she came out with a worried face. That made me nervous and I worry but I tried not to notice that. Finally, and after a few seconds, my bus arrived and I started to get on, the bus was too full, there were only two vacant seats so I sat on the side of the window. I put my headphones on but when I was turning on my MP3 I caught sight of Sofia through the window getting to the bus, where she managed to enter. She recognized me and sat next to me. I took off my headphones and we started talking. She said she wanted to use a taxi but none came. So I take this bus even though she is there, she was not going to get to where she lived. 12 minutes passed And I began to notice that something was not right with Sofia.

I managed to hear her stomach growl from her too badly, so much so that she hugged herself in pain. I ask her if she is okay but she tells me she doesn't want to talk about it right now. But when she was in that position, the bus drove on a bumpy road, causing her to fart. I was surprised since I was able to hear it, especially when I had my headphones on. She had to go to the bathroom. I asked her again if she was okay and she told me the truth that she had to go now. It turns out that before leaving work, Sofía took a pill for diarrhea but instead of helping him, she made it very bad.

And she could not have time to get to the bathroom. Then another tight stomach rang out and she groaned in pain. I was nervous because I have never been in that situation in my life. I have never seen an accident like that. Sofia started sweating too much and began to breathe through her mouth. I tried to console her desperation and put my hand on her back giving her motivational pats. When she felt that, she hugged me very tight. I could barely breathe because I didn't know what to do at that moment. The only thing I could hear was her breathing fast, her stomach sounds and farting.

Sofia told me that maybe she can't hold him anymore and put her hand on her butt. She also told me that she wanted to pee, but after looking out the window I could recognize some buildings. It was already close to my house. I quickly told Sofia if she wanted to come into my house so she can relieve herself to which she told me a broken yes. Finally we got off the bus and quickly went to my house. Sofia had her hands on her ass. She was literally doing the potty dance. We finally got to my door and I took my keys.

She began to rush me with her agonized voice as she struggled not to shit on herself. When I heard my door open, I also heard how she already started shitting her pants. I looked at her for a few seconds and she was with one hand under her pants and the other in her crotch. She saw me with a suffering face And he quickly entered my house while dropping his pants, leaving a path of shit staining my floor. But after not being able to find the bathroom she falls to the ground and started pooping too much. Sofia was creating a mountain of poop while peeing on herself. That scene hit me so hard and I thought the world stopped.

She lasted there on the floor for about 5 minutes and it seemed like she still wasn't done. Sofia started crying as if she were a little girl. And all I did was comfort her. I went to her and bent down to hug her. She also hugged me and all she said was that she was sorry for doing that. I told her that nothing was wrong and that it was just an accident. And if she still wanted to shit, then she should do it once and for all. She understood and her stomach began to rumble again. Making Sofia poop again, leaving behind a mountain of shit that reached to the top of her ass. In the end, I spent the whole night cleaning up the mess, while all Sofia did was bathe in my bathroom.

*002*2023-02-02 08:22

{{On 31/1/2023 at 19:57, Daredare205 said:

La gramática está realmente por todas partes, pero me gusta la trama. Avance largo a la parte 2 donde también se enferma.

}}

Thank you for your opinion, I don't speak English well so I have to use the translator, maybe it will improve in the future, if I'm still excited to do this.

