Representative at the Town Hall

Author: herrokitty

*000*2018-09-30 15:56

Hey! Wanted to write something new, but don't have time to write anything but background, so here's part 1, no real omorashi content in it.

State Representative Ella Cook was the youngest elected representative in her state at the age of 23, right out of college. Her small town, though usually apolitical and middle of the road politically, was sick and tired of old men running the show, as the 20-year veteran got more and more lazy and less and less connected to his constituents. Ella took advantage of that, her energy and youth, and the promise of better advocacy against a state government that regularly forgot about her town to sweep into a commanding victory. Her good looks probably didn't hurt, either, with her long and straight blonde hair and in-shape body a rarity in politics. More than once she saw voters at the door stare at her well-endowed breasts or knew that people turned their heads to look at her butt when she walked past them, but since she needed their vote - she wasn't about to call out their misogyny any time soon.

As part of her platform, she promised more active listening and advocacy for her constituents. So, a few months into her term, she was holding a series of town halls in her district. This particular one was in a nearby town to her hometown and district, and it was a region that, while happy to replace the outgoing representative, wasn't totally convinced that she would listen to them as much as her hometown. So, they were planning to come in large numbers to tell her all the details of their gripes and concerns, and Representative Cook had to make sure she listened intently and respectfully.

Before the evening town hall, she dutifully had her meetings with the town's local officials, some of whom were friends of the old representative and disliked her for representing their increasing irrelevance (and some of whom were old enough to just dislike more women taking part in politics!), but the majority eager to work with someone new. They told her what she was likely to hear - the town used to depend on a couple of factories, most of the town didn't have college degrees nor was there a nearby college, technical or two year, and people were hurting due to the lack of work. Ella took these concerns seriously - her hometown had similar issues, and lack of wages could produce a host of other issues, like drug use, crime, etc.

Some other concerns were a little more idiosyncratic - the town got their first traffic circle and people kept crashing and a couple people were concerned that vendors at the county fair were bribing their way into better stations. Ella had to stop herself from rolling her eyes at concerns like these, because people really did take these things seriously and the last thing she needed to do was to make fun of people, however minor their concerns were.

After an afternoon of back-to-back meetings, she ate dinner at a local diner of high esteem, shaking hands with the local owner and taking a moment to hear his concerns (if farm subsidies weren't passed, his food would have to increase in pricing) before sitting down with her staff to a simple grilled cheese and tomato soup, a respectable choice in her neck of the woods. It was actually quite good and reminded her of her childhood. Her Chief of Staff was less impressed, a political operative from a large city. Her Chief of Staff, Katie, was also less than impressed with how long it took to come out. Ella prodded her a bit. "You gotta get used to slowing down, this isn't the big city. People take their time out here! Stop to smell the roses."

Katie griped. "I'm just smelling Republicans and cow manure."

Ella laughed. "I happen to need the support of both of those groups to stay elected."

Katie guffawed. "Cow manure doesn't vote."

"No, but cows do in this district," Ella joked.

Katie looked at her watch. "Ah, crap, we gotta go. It's almost time for the town hall."

Ella looked at the time. "You're right. Sure there isn't time for me to..."

Katie glared at her. Ella nodded, putting aside a slight twinge in her bladder and the full feeling in her belly. "Right, right, can't be late. Let's go." Ella turned to her intern and handed her her card. "Please pay this and tip well! Meet us at the town hall."

Ella checked her clothes for any food stains and sighed in relief that she ate cleanly. She had on a somewhat tight red turtleneck and black slacks. Professional, though a couple of the most old-school constituents might frown upon the tightness of the clothing and wearing pants as a woman. She, however, didn't want to cater to people who would never vote for a young woman anyway, and wanted to wear a more modern outfit.

Ella and Katie rushed to the high school gymnasium a few blocks away, excited to hear their constituents but dreading a long night.

*002*2018-09-30 21:50

Had time for a part 2 today, looking like a three-parter. Hope you enjoy.

Katie opened the door to the school and followed her boss in, running right on time. Katie wished they had time to stop in a bathroom - damn these small town diners! - but otherwise couldn't complain. She had gotten into politics because she wanted to see more women and younger people get engaged, so landing a job straight out of college for the only representative in her state in her twenties (in fact, they were the same age!) was a dream. The fact that Ella was passionate and down to earth was an added bonus. Katie wished she could be more outspoken on some issues, but after traveling in her district for months, she knew her boss came from a region that was suspicious of change that came too quickly.

She smirked though, knowing that two professional young women, both wearing pants (Katie had a tightly pressed blue buttoned up blouse and tan slacks) would annoy some of the old fashioned locals. Before stepping out to the impromptu stage, Ella turned to Katie. "How do I look?" Ella brushed her straight hair out of her eyes. "You look good. I'll be in the front row of the audience." Katie was grateful she wore her red hair in a professional, tight bun so it wouldn't get in her face, but Ella needed to look relatable - an issue in particular for woman representatives.

Ella stepped into the gymnasium podium and sat behind a lone table with a single glass of water and a single microphone before her. Katie took her seat, the full audience politely clapping their new representative. The people looking to ask questions lined up in behind a microphone. Ella spoke into her microphone. "Thanks so much for being here, I am looking forward to hearing from you as YOUR representative. My staff and I will be taking notes, but we won’t be responding to individual comments. When we are done hearing from everyone who wants to speak, if there’s time, I’ll say a few words about what’s happening back at the capital, but this is your time.”

With that, the first speaker said his piece, an unsurprising but grounded and normal plea for more economic and educational opportunities. The second, third, and fourth speakers spoke to similar issues, including one sob story involving a laid off worker, before an older lady went up to speak about how annoying her next door neighbor was. Audience members grimaced or chuckled, seemingly knowing she would be a goofball, but Ella gave her serious attention, just like the other speakers. Normal business resumed after, with comments about opioids, some railing against a perceived growth of drug dealers and others with sad stories of addiction and death. Another goofy story from a rather paranoid fellow about rising river levels and the whole town being washed away in a biblical flood, but otherwise the first hour went by normally.

As the first hour wrapped up, Katie crossed her legs tightly, subconsciously responding to a fast-growing need to pee. She looked up and saw that, while Ella had a serious and attentive face, her legs, too, were tightly crossed. A light bulb went off as Katie realized why Ella hesitated before leaving the diner. They were in the same position and the crowd wasn’t about to abate any time soon…

Another hour passed uneventfully, aside for some awkward religious comments and a really strange comment about needing to free all the animals from the zoo. Ella sweated slightly, now consciously thinking about holding it. The urge to pee was ever-present and she held back the urge to hold herself in front of a crowd of hundreds. She kept sipping on her water to deal with the sweating and the boredom, despite having to pee. She hoped her face still presented a serious and engaged look, but she was also distracted by a growing weight in her gut. She felt pressure and would feel embarrassed about being a professional young woman needing to poop in front of a crowd, but the seriousness of the situation prevented her from even feeling embarrassed. Her notes got more and more sparse as the third hour dragged on and she hoped her staff were taking good notes.

Katie wasn’t, to be honest, though she did notice a subtle leg bounce on her boss’s part. Katie wasn’t lactose intolerant, per se, but dairy didn’t always sit well with her and the grilled cheese caused her to clench her butt tightly. She felt fortunate to be in the crowd and not on stage… She didn’t dare let out a fart and relieve the pressure, knowing it would smell horrible and that she was surrounded by strangers that controlled her boss’s political future (and therefore her employment status!). She felt a particularly harsh twinge in her bladder, though, and leaned forward a little exactly as she felt a renewed pressure on her behind. A (fortunately) silent fart came out and she put her legal pad over her crotch to hide her right hand, which took the opportunity to give a squeeze. As she smelled her fart (dairy-related ones never didn’t smell), she looked around, but no one looked at her and they all seemed to refuse to dignify the smell with a reaction.

After the third hour wrapped up, Ella saw that only five more people were lined up. Relief was in sight! The speaker, too, was focused on the nearby river, though the story was more sensible than some biblical apocalypse. The wording, however, didn’t help. “The factory upriver pours chemicals into the water, and when it rains, the river’s waters RUSH by our downtown, leaving chemicals all over our waterfront.”

At the word rush, Ella felt an almighty surge of pressure, bending forward a little and squeezing her thighs tighter than ever. Her hands almost instinctively came down to her crotch before she remembered she was in front of a large crowd and had to remain dignified. All of this culminated in a small spurt escaping. Ella felt light-headed at how surreal the moment was and was barely cognizant enough to nod in acknowledgement as the speaker finished and the next one stepped up.

She felt grateful for her black slacks, though she was sure the gusset of her full cut pink panties would handle that small spurt. She was a grown adult, though! One who had an elected office, the weight of the state’s budget, the taxpayers’ concerns, and the responsibility of thousands of constituents! How could she be about to piss herself like she was a little girl? In fact, she hadn’t pissed herself (aside from the occasional spurt while drunk and laughing) since she was in third grade, squirming on a church pew.

Katie’s hand was now permanently in her crotch, and she had a much more recent accident in her memory. When she was a freshman, she made the rookie mistake of drinking too much too quickly. Her drunken stupor not only ruined her chances with a cute boy (who, much to her gratefulness in hindsight, DIDN’T take advantage of her drunken state, a story she heard too often as she got older), but as she walked home, she couldn’t hold back spurt after spurt, eventually diving behind an alley and lifting her red dress up to piss straight through her panties, her legs dripping with urine. That occasion had no witnesses, though, and aside from an embarrassing laundry load, there were no ramifications. This is a crowd and her boss of just a few months of her dream job was before her. She saw how tightly Ella’s legs were crossed, though, and hoped her boss was in a better place.

Ella was not in a better place, and as the second to last speaker went on about how he couldn’t trust Ella to not be more of the same as the previous representative (a rather offensive statement, Ella felt, but one she couldn’t take personally and had to empathize with - or rather, she would think if she wasn’t supremely distracted), she felt yet another spurt, this one stronger. Her gusset was likely drenched, and she felt the smallest drop drip down towards her tightly clenched ass. As the last speaker went up to the microphone, she cautiously uncrossed her legs and stole a look downward - no visible wetness, fortunately!

When the final speaker finished, Ella picked up the microphone. Putting on the best approximation she could to a pleasant face, she said, “Thank you all so much for sharing your comments and trusting me to advocate for you and thanks to the later speakers for your patience. Does anyone else want to speak?”

At this point, everyone probably wanted to go home, so no one stepped up, to both Ella and Katie’s relief. Ella internally grimaced before standing up and stepping in front of the table to give some final remarks to the crowd.

Katie had some idea of Ella’s predicament and admired how calm she looked. Katie was internally panicking, letting out a few more farts before grinding her butt into her seat to try to hold back what promised to be a messy load.

Ella tried to project confidence. “Town halls like this are the building blocks to democracy. They let me know what I should work on because that’s my job. That kind of transparency and accountability are why I ran and why I was elected, so I appreciate you taking this seriously. But, as we both know, this is only the first step and the next step is for me to go to the capital and get things done on your behalf.”

Ella paused and held back an urge to cross her legs while standing. Her butt remained tightly clenched as she held back a renewed urge. She went on, “It’s clear that finding the funding to provide education, training, and new career paths are needed. These factories and their CEO owners clearly don’t have our best interests in mind and aren’t coming back, so it’s about putting our creative energies to new solutions. With the right support, I know the hard working people here can get it done. These new opportunities need to have our long term interests in mind, including protecting the natural resources we all appreciate, like your beautiful riverfront.”

At the thought of the river, Ella couldn’t help but let another burst out, her panties definitely wet. She felt a trickle drip down her left leg. She had to go to a bathroom NOW. “My staff and I will take our notes and put our heads together to provide everyone in our district the opportunities of good schools and family supporting wages. Thank you for this opportunity and please keep in contact. Remember, representatives like myself work for YOU.”

Despite yet another spurt, Ella looked confident to the audience, who applauded with some spirit. It seemed the town hall worked to build some relationship with this skeptical town. Ella turned to set the mic back down and looked down, but fortunately saw no trace of wetness on her pants. She saw a small droplet on the ground from rolling down her leg. Ears burning, she set the microphone down and glimpsed the inside of her left thigh. Looking closely, she could notice a darker, slightly shiny patch from her crotch to a couple inches down, but she was confident no one would notice.

She stepped down from the stage but now had to shake people’s hands. She was grateful she was a mere state representative and people would almost certainly not ask for photos (she had been to events with US congresspeople and Senators and they were treated like celebrities).

Katie stepped up to greet her boss, letting out another fart. This one sounded… well… juicy, but the sounds of people getting up, talking, and leaving covered it up. Katie stepped up to her boss. “Great job, I think that went really well. Let’s shake some hands and get outta here.”

Ella nodded. “Real talk… let me know where the bathroom is, we should stop there before heading out.”

Katie nodded and went in search of a bathroom.

*005*2018-10-01 14:11

Final part

Ella smiled and shook people’s hands as she walked down the gym towards one of the exits. As she shook, she felt the pressure reach a peak in her bowels and let out a long and low (but fortunately quiet) fart. She quickly moved on to the next person, hoping the crowd wouldn’t pin it on her. Most people were headed out the back, which went straight to the high school parking lot. Ella was hoping to use the nearer side exit that went into the high school.

Katie was thinking the same thing and rushed past the crowd and to the doors, butt clenched as she ignored more and more intense waves. She pushed through and looked around the unfamiliar hallways. To the right was a hallway down to the parking lot where they came in from and where their cars were and she knew they didn’t pass a bathroom. To the left was deeper into the school… She briskly headed in that direction.

Ella had to stop to hear a couple people say a few words. One wanted to follow up on what he had said at the hearing and Ella managed to produce a card and suggest he reach out to staff about setting up a meeting. Another wanted to commend her for her work, to which she smiled weakly. Further down, a local town alder wanted to glad hand, clearly moved from skeptical of her to wanting to get on her good side over the course of the evening. He shook her hand very vigorously and Ella felt another spurt and fart at the same time. The spurt went on for a couple of seconds and she could feel it rolling down both legs. She was almost at the door!

Katie had found a bathroom door and pulled… but the door wouldn’t budge. It was locked. The force of pulling caused a loud fart to echo in the empty hallway. Katie swore out loud as she literally held her butt closed with her hands, holding back the heaviest push yet. She had to get back to Ella and let her know, and she shuffled in the most absurd position, hunched over with both hands on her rear. She prayed she could get it together before she got back in the gymnasium.

Ella finally extricated herself from the glad-handing alder and was almost at the door. She waved the departing crowd goodbye and went to open the door before someone tapped her on the shoulder. The surprise caused yet another spurt and she could feel how wet her thighs were. She turned around and saw her intern.

The intern stammered, “Hey, sorry, but never gave you the card from dinner.”

Ella forced a smile, but she was on her last legs. A small trickle started and didn’t stop. “Oh, thanks for following up.” Ella took the card. “Katie and I will be headed to my house tonight, so you can head home now. Thanks for everything.”

Ella was overcome again with the surrealness of pissing herself in public. She could feel the trickle sliding down her legs as she spoke, pretending nothing was amiss.

The intern walked through the doors behind Ella, noticing nothing awry, and came face to face with Katie, who immediately took her hands off her butt and straightened up. The intern was still oblivious and said quickly, “Just gave Ella her card and headed home now. Have a good night!”

Katie managed, “Good night” as the intern walked away, but it was too late. The surprise and a particularly vicious surge in her bowels meant she finally lost control as a wet and loud mess simply wooshed out of her, accompanied by rude noses and barely held in place by her formerly blue boyshort panties. A rather long spurt accompanied the mess, causing a wet spot that could just be spotted if looking from the front. She knew there would be a bulge in her tight khakis and that it would quickly stain through, but she had to support her boss!

As she contemplated what to do in front of the door, though, Ella burst through and immediately put her hand on her crotch when she was out of the crowd’s sight. Ella saw Katie and whispered hurriedly, “Did you find a bathroom?”

Katie saw a shiny wetness on Ella’s crotch and along her thighs. She stammered, “No… they were locked.”

That’s when Ella smelled the mess and put things together. In that moment, though, the door opened again and the mayor stepped in. Ella instinctively took her hand out of her crotch, realized it was wet, and turned around to offer the other hand to shake. The mayor noticed nothing, fortunately, and was too busy congratulating Ella on a successful town hall.

Katie saw, now, from the back, a glistening wetness descend along the back of Ella’s legs as Ella began to pee in earnest. Her boss was peeing in front of the mayor! The black slacks would give Ella some cover, but the eventual puddle would certainly be seen by the mayor. Katie had to protect her!

Ella’s mind was blank as she realized she was pissing full force in front of the mayor of the town. Her political career could be in shambles the moment he noticed. She couldn’t believe it would end like this. In her despair, her tired anus opened up and the first turd began to descend, held in place momentarily as it touched cotton.

However, the mayor stopped mid-sentence and didn’t look at her, but right behind her. He made a surprised face and Ella turned to look.

Katie was peeing full force, wetness cascading down her pants, creating a puddle that joined with Ella’s growing puddle. It would seem, to the mayor, that the wetness was all from her, as her tan khakis hid nothing. The mayor was flustered at the sight. “Uhh… I’ll let you two go, you might want to find her a bathroom. Again, great job, looking forward to working with you.”

The mayor backed out the doors and Katie and Ella were left looking at each other as they finished peeing. In the silence, they could hear both of their hisses slow and come to a stop. The puddle was… enormous.

After a moment of shocked silence, Ella hugged Katie. Katie was empty now, but the sudden movement caused the first turd to continue exiting, curling up in her pink panties and causing a bulge visible through the black slacks the size of a clementine. Ella didn’t care at this point, though. “Thank you so much, Katie. You literally saved me. I owe you.”

Katie didn’t regret doing it, but she was deeply uncomfortable in her wet pants and with her sticky mess. She didn’t notice the audible crackling, being so caught up in her own position. “Don’t mention it, let’s just get home to clean up…”

Ella nodded. “Yeah, I need it too.”

They walked silently to the car, both somewhat bow-legged. Fortunately, they didn’t get close to anyone in the parking lot, having parked away from the main entrance of the gymnasium. Katie asked, “How bad does it look from behind?”

Ella saw a bulge drooping down to the left and her butt stained brown from her thigh to halfway up her butt. “It’s… definitely visible, but we’re almost out of here. Let me grab a plastic bag from the trunk for you to sit on.”

Ella felt her own mess and knew she might need one as well. Besides, she hadn’t even finished pooping. As she walked back, she felt a second turd descend and didn’t have the strength to hold it back. Katie, however, could now notice the bulge grow to the size of an orange, accompanied by crackling and quiet farts. She kept her mouth shut, knowing she was in the same boat.

Ella grabbed the bags, gave one to Katie, and silently walked to the driver’s seat. As she opened her door she made one final push with a grunt. Following a clear fart, a final and smaller third turd settled in what was an enormous load. Her ears burned red, but the only witness was Katie. They both set their bags down and gingerly sat, grimacing at the mess being squished. Ella turned to Katie. “Let’s drive with the windows down…”

Katie mustered a laugh. “Good call.”

Ella started the car and they drove off, finally empty and Ella pondering how she would make this up to Katie.

