Ellie's Toilet-free Day

Author: MasterOptometrist

*000*2018-04-03 21:44

Ellie woke up to the sun streaming through her blinds. She smiled and hopped out of bed to look out the window. It was a beautiful spring day, just the sort she had been waiting for. The perfect day to not use the toilet.

The urge was there for Ellie to do her morning business, but she decided to save it up. For now she went downstairs and made herself some tea and had an apple for breakfast. She was of average height and build, with light brown skin and medium length dark hair, and had smallish hips and largeish boobs that were noticeable through her pajamas.

Breakfast over, and the tea working through her, Ellie decided it was time to change out of her pajamas. She walked into the bathroom, stepped into the shower, and casually began peeing in her pink pajama shorts. The relief felt great after fifteen minutes of holding it. Ellie’s pee ran down her legs and splashed on the shower floor before running down the drain. Squatting slightly, she pushed her morning poop into her pants as well, before peeling off her soiled shorts and panties and throwing off her shirt and turning on the shower. As Ellie washed herself off she began to stroke her clitoris to bring her to her first orgasm of the day.

Now clean and wrapped in a towel, Ellie had to decide what to wear. For utility, she threw on a short black skirt (so that any wet spots wouldn’t show) over top a pair of soft grey panties (so that they would). Avoiding a bra, she donned a band t-shirt and a hoodie. She put on her vans and went to pack herself a lunch (along with a full liter of water) before grabbing a picnic blanket and leaving her apartment for the park.

As Ellie walked through town she felt the pressure in her bladder grow once again. By the time she got to the park her need was not insignificant, so she stood in the grass off the main path and peed. As oblivious dog-walkers and joggers shuffled by, Ellie felt the wet warmth gather briefly in her panties before flowing down her legs and in to the grass. Relieved and newly turned on, she searched for a good picnic spot.

Two hours later Ellie sat in the sun and enjoyed her lunch. Her bottle was half empty, and she’d been peeing herself at the slightest urge, not caring about the condition of her skirt and panties. The time had come once more, and she released a small stream as she chewed contentedly on her egg-salad sandwich, the pee pooling around her crotch before it could be soaked into the now-wet grass. It was a beautiful day, and Ellie could not think of a better way to spend it.

*004*2018-04-09 20:42

[Whoops posted in the wrong topic deleted this comment]
