CURSED!! (Indian) - Page 2

Author: Ranganath

*026*2016-10-13 10:01

“Oh My Godddd!!! It’s sooo fucking hot guys!! Can’t we just wait in the shade??”, Aishwarya bemoaned from the back of the group.

After being kicked out of the old man’s house round midnight yesterday, the teens had been left to fend for themselves in the forests. They had decided on a direction and had been single-mindedly moving in that direction only since last night. All too quickly, the cold refreshing air of the midnight forest was replaced with the baking blistering pre-noon sun. The air was so humid that Aishwarya’s kurta was dripping, revealing the contours of the black sports bra that she had on underneath.

Deeksha didn’t turn around or even respond to Aishwarya’s complaining. She had just one goal, just one, and that was to return to civilization as soon as possible. Since the group had set off last night, Deeksha had led the way, chopping through vines and dense shrubbery in pursuit of civilization.

Deeksha’s mood hadn’t improved at all since last night, if anything, it had gotten worse. The blistering heat coupled with the intense humidity did little to help her cramps. To add to this, her bladder had begun to force its way into her list of priorities. Even though she had needed to go when Sanjana had given her speech, the urge had been backgrounded by her walking. When she had had to stand still however, like that one time when Rohit made everyone hold up so he could take a frustratingly loud piss on a tree trunk, the urge would return, rallying up against her defences with increasing strength.

Unfortunately, over time, even the continuous walking wasn’t able to keep Deeksha’s bladder at bay. Her abdomen pained her as she walked over trunks and piles of sticks. From a distant concern in her mind, it had become a blaring siren, screaming warnings at her through the dull yet ever growing ache in her stomach.

It was now almost 9:00 in the morning. The group had been walking since midnight and were exhausted. The sound of someone falling onto a bundle of branches behind made everyone turn back. Aishwarya had fainted and was sprawled on the ground. Lakshmi was already lifting her up and trying to give her some water. Deeksha groaned a little too loudly in frustration; this was going to be a major setback for them!! Sanjana glared at her, annoyed, and began helping Aishwarya to her feet.

The fainting of Aishwarya gave the group sufficient ammunition to demand a break. They gathered in the shade of a nearby tree, lit a small fire over which they repaired a small pot of watery tea, and distributed biscuits, chips and other edibles that they still had on them.

Deeksha sat away from most of the group, incredibly irritated. She nibbled on a piece of bread that she’d found in her bag. She sipped on the black tea whilst wiggling her legs. She knew that the tea would only make her need worse, but she couldn’t help it. With every sip of the tea she took, the rocking cramps that had plagued her for the last two days seemed to diminish. Thus, sip by furtive sip, she continued to drink. As the cramps died down, she looked though her bag and counted. One…Two. She cursed inwardly. She only had two pads left on her. She needed to reach civilization soon!

As everyone finished their meal, Lakshmi , Aishwarya, and Sanjana went off to relieve themselves in a cluster of bushes. Rohit and the other men of the group went off to another set of bushes in the opposite direction. Given Deeksha’s mood since yesterday, no one had even bothered to ask her if she wanted to accompany them, resulting in her sitting alone and by herself as her companions drained themselves with relief behind the bushes.

Deeksha glanced from left to right furtively. Seeing that nobody was there, she stood up, clutching her bag close, and walked off to a bush in the distance to change her pad.

Once she’d reached the shelter of the bush, she strung her bag up over a jutting branch. She reached into the purse and pulled out one of her two remaining pads.

Deeksha lifted up her T-shirt, holding it underneath her chin as she began to unbuckle her belt. All of a sudden her stomach rumbled, cramping a bit familiarly. As Deeksha continued to struggle with her belt, the cramping intensified and she was force to cross her legs, locking her buttocks tightly.

“This is so fucking embarrassing”, Deeksha though to herself as she continued to struggle. Her belt popped open with a clink. Deeksha sighed a little and pulled them down to her knees. In a semi-standing position, Deeksha fumbled around; tearing open the little white package she’d pulled out of her purse.

The moment she finished up her womanly duties, an intense wave of desperation pulsed through her; the dull continuous aching of her bladder coupled with the tea-catalysed squeezing of her bowels nearly penetrated her defences. Deeksha quickly crossed her legs and standing up, began to pull up her jeans.

There was no denying the urgency of her plight, even to herself. She knew that they may not, in fact most likely not, make it anywhere near civilisation soon. She knew that she might as well just relieve herself there; there was no shame in it! Her aversion to the concept welled up inside of her, rising pukishly in her throat. There was no way she would ever do that!

“We meet again…” A voice rang out from the tree top. Deeksha’s eyes shot upwards, frantically scanning the countless branches for a sign of movement, while rapidly pulling up her jeans.

A familiar woman stepped out from behind the tree. Deeksha’s heart began to patter wildly in her chest out of fright. It was her! It was the witch from the forest that day!

$$

The witch walked up to Deeksha and spoke,

“I suppose you remember me? My encounter with your friend Aishwarya is still fresh in my mind!!”

Deeksha stood hesitantly, paralyzed with fear. She began to slowly retreat, step by step, as the witch walked towards her.

“Are you afraid of me?” the witch asked surprised. “Don’t be afraid, I mean you no harm.”

Deeksha was caught off guard,

“What do you mean?”

The witch put her hand out and walked towards Deeksha. Without hesitation, without faltering, she strode closer and closer. Deeksha stumbled backward, only to find her back against a tree. The witch’s outstretched hand came closer and closer. Deeksha felt it touch her on the shoulder.

For one second, for just one chaotic whirling second, Deeksha felt nauseated as a barrage of flying colours sounds noises and smells hit her as she raced past them. She could feel cities and oceans rushing past her; or rather, her rushing past them.

In a blink of an eye, it was over. She was standing in the middle of a large forest. Though not dense, it was far from scarce either. There was a shallow brook that bubbled its ways though the trees and grass. There were large endless stretches of fields in varying stages of cultivation. Less than 10 feet away stood a wide bright blue porta-potty.

$$

“Takes your breath away, doesn’t it??”, Deeksha spun around to see the witch behind her.

“W..What is this place? Where are we??”

The witch laughed and replied,

“Oh, don’t worry about that ! You’re somewhere far far away. That’s all that matters.”

Deeksha’s heart raced in fright.

“What do you want!???”

“Me? Oh not just me. You have something that I want, and I have something that you want.”

As she said this the witch looked in the direction of the porta-potty.

Deeksha felt a cramp racing down through her. She was forced to try to cross her legs. As she did so she could feel the witch’s laughing eyes on her, mocking her. As Deeksha stood there, trying to keep her legs in the least conspicuous cross position, a small splash of pee seeped out of her, reminding her of the severity of her other need.

The witch looked over at Deeksha and laughed lightly,

“Need I say more?”

As Deeksha struggled to stem the tide of her bladder, a tide that she had brutally marginalised for the last 14 hours, the rumbling of her stomach predicted the onset of another round of cramps. Deeksha was at her limit. She needed to go… and this outhouse was definitely her best option, unless it was utterly filthy inside or …..

As if reading her thoughts the witch spoke,

“It’s not dirty at all. Come and see.”

The witch began to walk towards the porta-potty, giving Deeksha a much needed reason to head to the outhouse without appearing to back down.

“See”, the witch said, as she flung open the porta-potty door, revealing the pristine yet unsusual set up inside.

$$

The floor was tiled and a drainage pipe ran neatly through the spotless set up. But the only thing that caught Deeksha’s eyes were the two toilets, placed side by side. She looked up at the witch and asked about the unusual setup but the witch just shrugged.

This entire thing was suspicious to say the least. Given the things that had been happening to her friends, Deeksha was understandable precautious. However, a large rolling cramp, that began behind her bellybutton and seemed to work its way deeper and deeper into her and squeezing her colon viciously, crushed her suspicions under a colossal wave of desperation.

Deeksha wasn’t an idiot. She knew that something was amiss. She racked her desperate mind for answers but could think of none. The rolling cramp was reaching its peak. Even with her legs tightly crossed, she didn’t’ think she’d be able to make it through this one unscathed. The sheer proximity of relief added to the urgency of her need.

Deeksha shoved her suspicions to the side-lines as she hobbled past the witch into the porta-potty. Deeksha slammed the door shut behind her, and popped the latch shut. She flicked the T-shirt under her chin as she fumblingly began to try to unbuckle her belt. The moment the belt came off; Deeksha popped the button of her jeans open, and tore them down, along with her panty and pad, to her knees as she simultaneously lowered into sitting on the toilet in the right side of the porta-potty.

As she was falling onto the seat, she saw a figure out of the corner of her left eye. She spun to her left and was caught speechless when she saw the witch, still in full sari, sitting on the other toilet, right next to her. Deeksha jumped to her feet; already yanking her jeans back up as she looked at the latch on the door. It wasn’t broken, severed, or unhinged in any way.

Deeksha stammered nervously,

“How??..How did you get in here?”,

The witch laughed. She flicked her fingers and a spark fizzed,

“Magic :P “

Deeksha was in no mood for any of this. She had been seconds away from relieving herself but had somehow managed to stop the impending explosion as she stood up. She rushed towards the door, unbolted the lock, and pulled the door. It would not budge. Again and again she yanked on the door but it didn’t move.

The witch gave yet another annoying laugh.

“Where do you think you’re going Deeksha? I know how badly you need to go…It’s written all over your face. Before you do anything rash, let me ask you; do you have a change of clothes?”

As the witch said this, Deeksha’s repeated pulling of the door weakened. She didn’t have any other clothes. She only had one more pad. An accident now would be the end of her. Her pants were a battleground right now. When she stood still the pressure from her neglected bladder became too much to bear, occasionally sending a squirt or two into her pad. When she walked around however, her bowels rumbled in protest, stirring into action like a sleeping shit-filled titan.

All of a sudden Deeksha was pushed back by a wave of force. She was thrown backwards and knocked off her feet. She stumbled backwards falling down back onto the toilet.

Deeksha instantly felt a rush of pressure course through her, pulsating downwards from the base of her ribcage to the tip of her pelvic bone. She felt her bowels stirring into action, ramming their contents against her sphincter muscles with all of their strength. Her bladder was filled to the point of distension, and its contents spurted into her pad in short quick squirts every couple of seconds.

Deeksha tried to get up, but the same magical wave of force that had thrown her there forced her to remain seated. The amount of pressure inside of her was enormous! Deeksha felt as though she’d explode!! In the midst of all of this a lone tear rolled down the side of her face as she sobbed out in pain,

“What do you want!???”

The witch remained impassively sitting in full sari for a matter of seconds, as if she couldn’t hear Deeksha’s agonized pleas. After a matter of seconds, she replied

“It’s simple I just need you to do something for me, and I’ll do something for you.”

A loud rumble echoed around within the porta-potty as Deeksha’s bowels inched closer and closer to relief. She cried out,

“WHAT??! Tell me!!!”

The witch rose from the second toilet and stood tall. She reached under her sari, drawing the hem up till her knees as she rummaged around beneath the folds. With a look of paramount concentration on her face, she slid her panties to the side, fumbled around a bit more, and finally pulled out a small glass vial with a rubber black stopper. The glass was wet to the touch and a lone hair hung onto it.

“I want you to put this in Sanjana’s water bottle. You will see what happens to those who try to fuck up my plans!!”

Deeksha’s face was a teary desperate mess as she nodded frantically.

“Anything!! ANYthing!! Just go!! Please! Why are you doing this to me???”

The witch feigned a look of shock.

“Why ? Why what? I’m not doing anything to you! You should be thanking me. This….this whole thing, could have been so much worse. Would you wish to be humiliated in front of everyone like Lakshmi? Would you wish to soil yourself in the heat of the forest you came from? In front of everyone? With no water even to clean up, or pads to use? Can’t you see I’m giving you a choice? I swore that I would make you feel my pain and humiliation! Once I make a promise, not even my mother can make me turn back!! But I’m giving you a choice out of that. If you void yourself here, in my presence, and slip the contents of the vial into Sanjana’s water, I will consider you done. I promise you that I will not orchestrate or engineer any desperation for you. “

The witch bent down and began to hike up her sari, as if preparing for something. She hustled and bustled till she’d lifted her sari up to her knees. With a confident step, she approached Deeksha, who was still sitting on the open toilet wearing her unbuttoned jeans, and biting her lips with clenched white-knuckled fists. The witch walked to the adjacent toilet and in a deft motion flicked her sari up to her waist as she sat down on the toilet. For just a second a dark triangle mass of thick black hair was visible before she sat and it was covered by her thigh. The witch leaned across the awkward foot that separated the two women and whispered,

“I know what happened at that Priti Adviti Camp….”

A shock ran across Deeksha’s troubled face. She was well past her limit and half a muscle waver away from soiled panties and an unusable pad. The witch’s offer seemed good, tempting, and she was in half a mind to cooperate. However there was some part of her that held back, that prevented her from relief in someone’s presence. The Witch’s knowledge of the camp however, changed everything.

The Priti Adviti Camp was the single most traumatic experience Deeksha had ever undergone. I’s repercussions echoed till today. That Priti Adviti Camp was the reason that Deeksha couldn’t , or wouldn’t , use the bathroom outdoors in the forest. Deeksha’s hope wavered with the knowledge the witch held. Deeksha’s bladder wavered as well and sent yet another hot spurt gushing over Deeksha’s saturated pad.

At that moment the witch released her stream into the toilet she was sitting on. In the silence, its splashing echoed around inside the porta-potty. It was a loud ferocious pent up stream, gushing with power into the plastic bowl below.

That was the last straw for Deeksha.

The first thing that happened was that Deeksha’s bladder completely and utterly gave way. The intermittent squirts became an arcing stream shooting away inside her jeans. Her bowels began to shove their load out of the exit. In one swift single move, Deeksha tore the unbuttoned jeans and the attached panties, down to her knees. The moment the jeans were out of the line of fire, Deeksha’s stream burst into the dry plastic bowl beneath her. In large spluttering drops, her bowels forcefully expunged themselves as the witch looked on amused.

When the witch’s stream died out, Deeksha was still pissing strongly into the bowl. A foul smell had filled the porta-potty and the witch laughed coyly,

“Deeksha, I’ll leave the vial here,” she placed it carefully onto a small ledge near the door,

“Take it when you leave with the intent to do my will, and you will be absolved.

Deeksha opened her mouth to ask a question from the toilet seat but a blink later the witch was gone. She sat silently in the porta-potty for a while more as she finished her business. The sounds of the pile in the plastic bowl slowly growing were echoed by the strange acoustics of the porta-potty.

Deeksha washed herself thoroughly. Her pad was too far gone and she lamentfully threw it to the wastebin where it landed with a soft wet ‘squish’. She wore her last pad, mended her jeans the best she could, wore them and walked to the door. As she reached she looked at the vial sitting there.

In one smooth deft motion, Deeksha scooped up the vial and tossed it into her purse. If she didn’t do this, her entire ordeal would have been in vain. She stormed out of the bathroom door and felt herself fall headfirst into a sea of nauseating sounds, colours, and sights, as she sped across the planet.

Just as suddenly as it begun, it had ended. Deeksha looked down to find herself standing in the same bush enclave that she’d been in when the witch abducted her. She ran out back into the clearing where the group had been camped. Though Deeksha felt as if she’d been gone for nearly an hour, the tell tale patters of urine hitting soil and dry leaves from two bushes on either side of her, told her her comrades were still relieving themselves. ‘ Perhaps it was some of the witch’s magic’, Deeksha pondered.

Deeksha quickly located Sanjana’s bag, pulled out her water bottle and emptied the contents into it. A split second later the girls emerged from the bushy hedge they’d been urinating behind. Deeksha leapt over to the spot where she’d been sitting before, and acted like nothing happened.

<Shout out to RealDreamer :P>

As the girls drew closer their voices became clearer. Deeksha could hear Lakshmi asking Aishwarya,

“Hey Aishwarya. Weren’t you wearing cargoes before? How did you get this Salwar?”

Aishwarya looked down at the salwar she was wearing and explained,

“ You remember Shruthi? The old man’s daughter? When I entered their house she told me to change because cargoes would offend her grandmother. She led me into this shady room behind the kitchen and left me in there to change. As I was changing I couldn’t help looking around, and there were some really creepy idols in that room..”

“You don’t say”, Sanjana laughingly interrupted “ Their whole house was weird as shit”

Aishwarya interjected, “ No I’m serious! This was even creepier…. There was a small statue of the witch reaching up under her dress and pulling out a vial or something…” Instantly Deeksha’s ears snapped to attention.

Sanjana was grossed out, “ What??? Are you sure??? What does that mean?”

Aishwarya responded,

“After I’d changed, I was looking at the idols….. Shruthi walked in as I was looking at the one of the witch… I asked her what it meant and she told me….Remember Aparna , that story they told us at the house?”

Everyone averted their eyes awkwardly and somebody grumbled “yeah….”

Aishwarya continued,

“ Well, It seems that after that …. Banyan incident….. she became a brewer of dark potions. She lured a housemaid of the queen to spike the queen’s wine with the contents of the vial. It turns out…. That the vial contained a fierce laxative, brewed and bonded to the witch’s heart. It was her child and she could control it as she saw fit. She orchestrated an …. An accident of the queen during a royal treaty meeting.. Needless to say the guests were enraged. The alliance fell apart and their kingdom found themselves alone in the wars that followed. Their house was wiped out.”

A long silence followed in which Sanjana strode over to her bag and pulled out her water bottle. Deeksha’s heart beat faster and faster. She knew that she should warn Sanjana but at the same time she didn’t wish to anger the witch. Deeksha forced herself to sit quietly.

Sanjana voiced her opinions on Aishwaya’s story.

“Fuck that!”, Sanjana said, as she lifted the water bottle to her lips and took a large large gulp.

Deeksha averted her eyes in shameful glee.

*031*2017-01-07 13:31

The blistering heat of the midday jungle slowly faded away into the humid orange lull of the evening. The group of tired teens was sagging visibly, their shoulders drooping in exhaustion. Giant mosquitoes the size of ants began to swarm noisily in the air.

Suddenly, from the front of the group Deeksha cried out in excitement,

"Guys!!! IT's a ROAD!!""

Tired faces instantly gave way to hopeful enthusiasm. With a final reserve of energy, the group sprinted up to the top of the crest where Deeksha stood. Sure enough, there was a road, and a giant one at that. Stretching nearly 4 lanes in breadth, this was a highway, a national one most likely! They were saved!!!

.... Or, so they thought. As it turned out, an average person driving on a remote stretch of land between two cities does not rank helping bedraggled teenagers highly on his priority list. The girls flailed their arms in vain. They shouted out when cars approached, but not one vehicle so much as slowed down to converse with them. About an hour and a thousand failed hitchhikes later, the sun was in its final throws. The sky began to blacken, slowly and dismally, illuminated only by the glowing cherry of the sun behind the horizon.

Sanjana had been biting her lip and wiggling uncomfortably on the fringes of the group for quite some time. Clad in her skin tight denim jeans, Sanjana ’s tightly crossed legs were clearly framed, visible as daylight for everyone to see. Her face seemed locked in a state of unnatural exertion.

Though no one had said anything about it, most of the girls had been noticing Sanjana ‘s predicament for quite some time. Nobody felt the need to speak to her or to ask her how she was. This was because it was her, after all, who had developed the “When in need relieve” mantra, so no one really broached the topic. But as the evening wore on, and Sanjana’s prerogative became embarrassingly visible, Lakshmi took it upon herself to sidle up next to Sanjana.

Lakshmi whispered in a low voice,

“Sanjana, ummmm… are you doing okay hun? Um.. Just wanted to tell you that you needn’t feel bad about… you know…..relieving yourself……with us around…..we do it too.. So, yeah…. Just thought I’d remind you: When in Need Relieve hun……”

Sanjana shook her head softly and dejectedly, her face planted downwards as she whispered back,

“Lakshmi, I .. I can’t relieve myself in front of you this time….this is….. different.”

Sanjana lowered her voice further still and breathed,

“I really need to take a dump…….” She whispered so soft it was barely audible.

Lakshmi replied instantly,

“So! All the more reason why you should relieve yourself now….Sure it might be a little bit weird because we’re there, but think how much worse things could be if you didn’t relieve yourself….nobody knows what that witch can do…”

It took less than a split second for Sanjana to understand that what Lakshmi was saying was absolutely correct. She nodded her head as she wordlessly spoke,

“True. But could you come with me? Please? Just to stand g..guard?”

Lakshmi looked from side to side uneasily,

“Umm… I don’t know if I…..”

Sanjana spoke up,

“Come on Lakshmi!!! Please!”

Lakshmi reluctantly agreed, despite looking visibly uncomfortable about the whole thing. She turned towards the group and raised her pinky for the other girls to see. A raised pinky has one meaning in all of India. “Going to pee…”

Deeksha and Aishwarya glanced over at Lakshmi, and at the writhing figure of Sanjana in the background, and nodded silently; a symbol of their recognition.

But as Sanjana made haste for the bush on the wayside and Lakshmi gingerly followed her, a large bright green SETC bus swerved to the side of the road, cutting through lanes to pull to a grinding halt right in front of the stunned teenagers.

$$

A large swarthy hairy man clad only in a white vest hung out of the door and shouted,

“Ey! MAdurai COImbatore SALEM….!!”

Aishwarya and Deeksha instantly jumped onto the bus. Lakshmi spun around and leaped onto the bus. By the time Sanjana had conscientiously turned around, the bus was already beginning to pull away. Despite the shouting of the other girls in the bus, the vehicle continued away, increasing velocity. Sanjana clenched with all her might and sprinted after the bus, forgetting everything else. By an outsretched hand and a glimmer of hope, Sanjana was pulled onto the bus by a panting Lakshmi.

The hairy and blissfuly ignorant bus conductor came, collected the money and gave us our tickets before ambling away. The moment Sanjana got her ticket in hand she plopped down onto the padded window seat on the left where she rocked back and forth slowly.

A concerned Lakshmi dropped into the vacant seat next to her.

“I’m so sorry !! Is everything .. under control?”

Sanjana just shook her head dismally. Lakshmi noticed a solitary tear streak underneath her right eye. She heard Sanjana sniffling softly.

“Oh there there…” Lakshmi cooed as she embraced Sanjana, cradling the latter’s head in her shoulders as Sanjana wept softly.

“I .. I just can’t hold it any more” Sanjana sobbed softly, her face contorted in pain and grief.

Lakshmi knew there was nothing that she could do for her, and though it pained her to admit this, it was Sanjana’s problem, not hers. And so, Lakshmi sat next to Sanjana and held her hand tightly, as Sanjana no doubt held her sphincter as the bus sped along towards Madurai.

*036*2018-10-27 04:03

The humid summer air sped through the windows at a breath-taking pace as the SETC bus sped towards Coimbatore. The four girls sat huddled next to each other on the 5-seater back seat of the SETC bus as the bus rocketed down the highway. The setting sun illuminated everything in its amber glow; for just a moment everything was gold, radiating beauty.

From some preliminary investigation on Deeksha’s part the girls learnt that they were about 200 kilometres away from Coimbatore, it would take them about 2 ½ hours to reach Coimbatore, though there were still a handful of stops along the way. The girls sat in silence for minutes, mentally patting themselves on the back for making it out of that forest alive. Try as they had to remain optimistic about the whole situation, they honestly doubted that they’d ever make it out.

As Deeksha and the other girls sat in the back of the van breathing deeply, they were able to pause and reflect on the traumatic experiences of the past week.

Days!!! Entire Days they had spent in the forest, with none of the essential provisions. And yet they had survived! For once, Aishwarya’s habit of smoking proved to be a benefit as the group found themselves able to light a fire. Rahul had taken to scouting the forest in the hours before sundown, in search of a straying animal or some local grub – they were back to hunter-gatherer stage.

Last night, the night before this one, stranded and lost in the forest, Lakshmi had noticed a bright green shoot raising up from the ground beneath a tree one night as the group had been settling down to eat their modest meal of roasted rabbit and some fruit that they’d gathered from a nearby-wild apple tree. Lakshmi had insisted that the sapling closely resembled that of a wild root potato that her uncle cultivated in his farm. She insisted that the vegetable lay beneath the sapling; all that they had to do was dig.

Sure enough, the hungry group rapidly unearthed the monstrosity. It had a thick purplish muddy skin and it was as large and thick as a wheel of cheese, the size of a man’s torso. With great effort the girls and Rahul extricated the gigantic root vegetable. Despite the fact that the vegetable was still muddy and un-cleaned, the hungry group was literally drooling over it as they pealed it with sharpened sticks they’d shaved to a point with Rahul’s pocket-knife.

Once the gigantic potato had been peeled, the girls found a clean patch of the forest floor; Lakshmi laid her dupatta out over the ground and, sitting down, began to chop up the potato. This was long yet not necessarily tiring work; the potato was firm and whitish-yellow on the inside. Once it was done, Lakshmi placed a couple cups worth of potatoes into a water filled pot that the teenagers had flicked from the old man’s house as they fled.

Slowly but surely, the potatoes boiled. As they jumped around in the sizzling water, the potato slivers emitted an appetising smell. Finally after what seemed like an eternity to the fatigued and exhausted teens, the dinner was ready. Boiled potatoes with roast rabbit and apples; it seemed to them a meal fit for a king. All of them went to sleep that night with full stomachs: filled and content.

The next morning however, the group felt the effects of the strange potato. Early in the morning, Deeksha began to feel pressure in her abdomen. She got out of her tent only to find all of her group packed up and ready to leave. After at most 10 minutes the group was forced to make a stop as the pressure in their stomachs was becoming nigh unbearable for all of them. Despite the weird events that’d been happening ever since they got caught in this impenetrable forest, nothing of….. this kind…. Had transpired.

Deeksha, who was still in her stuck-up and unhappy mood, was invited by Aishwarya, Lakshmi, and Sanjana as they went off to a patch of bushes, but rejected their offer squarely. As soon as they were gone however, Deeksha went behind a bush to change her pad. It was in this position that the witch had appeared and spirited Deeksha away to the distant land and the double seated porta-potty.

As Deeksha had been spirited away and her sphincter tried in the stall, Aishwarya, Lakshmi and Sanjana had just found a sufficiently ‘foresty’ area in which to do their business. First and foremost, they wanted to ensure that they were out of the view of Rahul, who was still hobbling around in the clearing uncomfortably. After much awkward shuffling, peeking, standing guard, and attempting to lure Rahul away from the clearing, the three girls finally gave up and ran behind a cluster of thorny green bushes, pulling their pants down to their ankles and falling into a squat just as their bowels emptied uncontrollably onto the ground.

Ew.

Sanjana shuddered at the mere thought of that greatly troubling experience.

At least now they were on their way home. At least this would never ever happen again.

….

Or so they thought.

*039*2018-10-30 12:03

I'm writing the final chapter. I originally planned to make it more poop based. However, I've seen a lot of comments asking me to cut down on the amount of scat and to include more pee desperation.

What do you feel about this? Let me know which you'd prefer or whether you want a healthy dose of both.

Thanks.

*041*2018-11-01 03:18

{{On 10/30/2018 at 6:55 PM, Alex Oxford said:

I think that, as far as pee desperation goes, there’s been a good amount of settings already. We may be do for a few more. But technically, there haven’t been any messings yet. So maybe, toss a messing in for the final chapter.

I would also say, maybe you should think about tying in te very beginning of the story with the end. It served as a bit of foreshadowing, but we haven’t seen it tie in to the story just yet.

}}

Ha :P I know. I'm intending to tie it back to the opening scene. That's definitely going to be happening. Don't worry.

Thanks for the input.

*042*2018-12-13 14:01

It was about 3:00 when the bus pulled in to Salem. It was to be the last stop before they got back to their home city tomorrow morning. Aishwarya and Deeksha had fallen to sleep and sat slumped, their heads lolling from side to side as the bus drove into the Salem bus stop. Sanjana and Lakshmi however were still wide awake. Sanjana doubled over every so often when she felt an especially strong cramp in her stomach. Lakshmi sat beside her, holding her hand reassuringly. Whenever Sanjana thought she couldn’t hold it any more, Lakshmi would gently whisper into her ear,

“ Don’t worry. You can relieve yourself as soon as we reach Salem. Don’t worry, don’t worry.”

The moment the bus pulled into the station, Sanjana awkwardly wobbled out of the door. Rohit had also excused himself, for the purpose of using the bathroom. However, as he walked away from the bus and towards the bathrooms, he had something far more sinister on his mind. As Rohit recorded in his personal diary the next day:

The bus driver of the SETC bus hung out of the side of the bus blowing his whistle as we entered the Salem bus stop at 3:00 AM. This was to be our third and final bus switch for the night. The bus stop was dimly lit and reeked of stale urine and decomposing garbage.

I heard a few of my friends stirring awake as the bus lights came on. I grabbed a smoke and left the bus, edging my way past a restlessly rocking Sanjana. The station was utterly appalling. Garbage lay rotting in large heaps. I looked around for a place I could have my smoke. My eyes fell on the bathrooms, the gutka riddled wall from where the stench originated. I edged my way past the food sellers and into the open unisex shit yard that they called a toilet.

$$

At this time of the night there was nobody around and the bathroom looked more than a little creepy. I stood to one corner and lit my smoke, an evil twinkling glistening in my eyes. I took a deep drag, then smoothly exhaled as my heart pounded faster and faster. I knew what was going to happen. I knew what I was going to see. I took another drag off the cigarette.

The sound of footsteps pattering rapidly, approaching the bathroom stirred me. I took a deep breath and tried to steady myself. The footsteps grew louder and louder as the person running approached. Sanjana's panting was easily recognizable.

Sanjana dashed into the bathroom, a frantic look plastered on her face. She scanned the filthy room up and down quickly, noticing me but in her urgency not caring, and dashed into the closest 'cubicle' (if you can call it that). From my place in the corner, I had a perfect vantage point. I took another drag.

Sanjana unbuttoned her skin tight jeans and began frantically pulling them and her tight white polka-dotted panties off her thigh. The moment she had got them midway, she dropped into an awkward skewed squat over the trough below. Instantly there was a loud hissing sound as a forceful stream of urine shot into the bowl, washing off some of the brown plastered grime in its flow.

But though Sanjana was squatting, emptying herself into the trough, there was no relief on her face, merely determination. Just one glimpse of her sweaty contorted face and the way she was clutching her stomach, I knew there was a much bigger problem shouting in her lower stomach.

Her butt cheeks tensed several times during the coursde of her pee. Yet each time she managed to regain her composure. As her stream tapered off to a drizzle, she hurriedly pulled up her jeans and left the bathroom, buttoning them as she walked out.

I followed her back to the bus with a sly smile on my lips. This was going to be an interesting bus ride !!!

Sanjana soon returned to the bus and retook her seat next to Lakshmi. Lakshmi had been texting on her phone, but instantly put it down when she saw Sanjana returning.

“Hey! How … how did it go?”, Lakshmi raised her eyebrow questioningly in a caring way. However, Sanjana’s silence very quickly told her that not all was okay. Lakshmi asked her if she was okay. Sanjana couldn’t help but shake her head slowly as her face tightened and the tears began to flow.

In between sobs, Sanjana managed to whimper,

“I went there, I squatted down, and … and I managed to pee… but nothing else.”

Lakshmi looked baffled.

“ What do you mean? You .. you did need to go didn’t you? Right?”

Sanjana’s sobs grew slightly louder,

“I do … I … I still need to. I just … couldn’t. I think … I think the witch has cursed me. I …I know for a fact that I’ll lose control almost as soon as … whatever spell this is is lifted…My belly feels like it’s going to explode”

Lakshmi looked taken aback. She didn’t know what to do… or even what to say. She rubbed Sanjana’s back reassuringly as the bus took off onto the highway.

It was 6:00 in the morning by the time that the group of weary travelers finally reached Chennai. They disembarked at the main bus stop, tired and filthy, but happy that their ordeal was over. For Sanjana however, the ordeal was far from over. She had not been able to empty her bowels for the last two days. She felt as if all of her waste was locked inside of her, and that whenever the key came about, it would come gushing forth in a fetid stream. She waddled painfully off the bus as her jolly classmates chatted .

Aishwarya and Deeksha has been sleeping throughout much of the bus ride. They were happy and didn’t have any pressing concerns to flag their exceptionally high spirits. They got off the bus excitedly talking to each other. Deeksha invited Aishwarya over to her PG to smoke a joint with her. Aishwarya was extremely excited by the idea and instantly agreed. Deeksha was feeling bad for Lakshmi as well and subsequently invited her, Rohit, and Sanjana over as well. Sanjana turned down the offer immediately with a pained look on her face explaining that she wasn’t feeling well. Rohit also turned down the offer saying that he had a lot of work to do.

So, Aishwarya, Lakshmi, and Deeksha made their way to the latter’s PG for a celebratory joint with which to mark the end of their ordeals. Sanjana meanwhile was on her way back to her hostel when Rohit approached her and tapped her on the back.

“Hi … Sanjana. Don’t think I’m weird, but.. I think I know how to help you.”

