Li Xiuying's Embarrassing Little Accidents

Author: Male

*000*2019-07-02 23:07

This may be an ongoing series. My stuff doesn't seem to get that much attention here, but some people enjoy it.

This first chapter involves a messing accident.

Li Xiuying gazed at herself in the mirror and ran her fingers through her flowing black hair. She was so vain, but when you're that hot you deserve to be. She looked fabulous, and today she looked even better in her tight black leather miniskirt and knee high boots. Being a little bisexual, she'd definitely ask herself out. And she could only imagine how irresistible her boyfriend would find her. She was getting laid today, that was for sure. It was going to be kinky, too. She shuddered in anticipation.

As she walked down to the mall to meet him, she revelled in the attention of the men who saw her. She felt the breeze blow through her toned thighs and lift up her hair a little. This was going to be a good day.

Then she felt a painful stomach cramp. She realised that, in her hurry to get out, she'd forgotten to poo, and she really needed to. Never mind, she could wait. It would be so unromantic to dash off for the toilets during her date.

Her boyfriend, Liu Wei, was waiting for her near the doors. He was handsome and muscular, with a kind face.

"Wow, babe, you look gorgeous," he said. "Can't say I put nearly as much effort into it..."

"You don't need to," said Li Xiuying. "You're handsome enough anyway."

"Aww, that's so sweet," he said, embracing her tightly. Li Xiuying felt a massive urge to fart, and if it weren't for him being there, she'd have given in. But she barely managed to hold it in. Besides, what if it wasn't just a fart? She couldn't risk it, especially not in that lovely skirt she was wearing.

They strolled along the mall holding hands, with Li Xiuying shifting her hips as sexily as she could. She looked into Liu Wei's eyes, and he was obviously taking some serious interest in her. It was just a shame about that growing pressure in her bowels. Hopefully she wouldn't have to dash off, but if she had to, she would. She couldn't risk having an accident in front of him.

She felt a big surge of pressure, and leaned over, holding her bottom. She managed to wait until it passed.

"Are you OK, babe?" said Liu Wei, a little concerned.

"Yeah, I'm fine," she said. "Just some stomach pain, that's all..."

The pain was getting worse and worse. She really had to poo, and it wouldn't be long before she had to excuse herself to avoid disaster. But she really didn't want to. She tried to think of how much fun she was going to have with her boyfriend to distract herself, but she just couldn't take her mind off it.

"So..." she looked at him. "Fancy going home together afterwards? You know, for some...fun?"

"Sure," he said, enthusiastic. Then he gave her a little smack on the bottom. Li Xiuying squeaked a little as a loud fart ripped through her spotless white knickers.

"Err...sounds like you need to use the toilet," he said, a little disgusted.

Li Xiuying blushed scarlet. "Yes, I'm so sorry, I just didn't say because I didn't want to spoil the mood...I have to go, now." With one hand resting on her tight bottom, she walked swiftly towards the nearest toilets. She'd find relief and then hopefully forget this ever happened.

The "CLOSED FOR CLEANING" sign made her shudder in despair. The pressure was getting worse and worse and worse. If she didn't find a toilet soon, she'd...she didn't want to think about it.

"Too bad, babe," said Liu Wei, coming up behind her. "I think there are some other toilets on the other side of the mall. You'll be OK."

"I really hope so," said Li Xiuying. She walked as quickly as she could in that direction. A fart squeaked out of her trembling bottom. Her knickers were somehow still clean, but they wouldn't be much longer.

After a painful walk, she saw the other toilets. They were in order, but there was a long line of ladies waiting for them. She gulped in anticipation of the agonising wait. She felt the poo trying to force out, and desperately held it back. She hadn't had to poo this badly since...she couldn't even remember. She crossed her legs and squirmed, trying to ease the pressure.

"Um, I'm really sorry, but can I go in front of you?" she asked the lady in front of her. "It's an emergency, I'm not sure I can wait."

"Can't you see I'm pregnant?" said the lady. "You'll just have to wait."

"But I can't," she said, tears coming to her eyes.

"Then you'll just have to go in your knickers," said the lady. "I'm not moving."

"Sorry, babe, but she was there first," said Liu Wei, there for emotional support. "And she is pregnant. You'll just have to be strong until it's your turn."

"OK..." said Li Xiuying. The queue moved forward a little. She really wasn't sure she could make it. The sight of the toilets was making it so much worse. Another fart squeaked out of her. She couldn't let out any more, she'd lose it...

"You know, if you really can't wait, it's OK to have an accident," said Liu Wei. "Don't damage yourself."

"Have an accident?" said Li Xiuying, still trying to be vaguely composed and sexy. "No, I can't, I can't, I...FUCK!"

She felt the poo almost force its way into her knickers, barely holding it back.

"Excuse me, young lady," said the lady in front of her. "Mind your language."

"I'm really sorry," said Li Xiuying, "it's just the pain, it hurts so much..."

A tear flowed down her cheek.

"It's OK," said Liu Wei. "I'll love you whatever happens."

Li Xiuying did feel a little comfort in knowing it didn't really matter if she couldn't wait. Maybe there was even some pleasure to be found in having an accident in front of her boyfriend. It was a very kinky situation, after all. But she was still going to try not to ruin her skirt. There wasn't too long to wait now. Just a few more minutes...she strained and strained and strained, and there wasn't much longer she could do it. Her muscles were getting tired, and she knew she'd give in soon. She was almost there. Almost there...

Then another urge hit her, and this one was so bad she couldn't believe she didn't lose it. She was stuck still, clutching her bottom, gasping for breath.

"If I move, I'll poo," she said, another tear flowing.

"Just try," said Liu Wei. "It doesn't matter if you don't make it."

She stepped forward, and finally felt herself give in. With a loud fart, poo slipped into her knickers, and more and more and more followed. The hot release of pressure felt so utterly humiliating, but also so relieving...and knowing her boyfriend was watching her humiliation, it was almost orgasmic. By the time the toilet door opened, she had absolutely filled her knickers with what felt like the biggest dump of her life. And it felt fine.

"I'll...just...clean myself up," she said, blushing, and waddled into the toilet. She lifted up her skirt, removed her boots, and then slipped off her loaded knickers. She wiped herself clean, then sat on the toilet. She felt...aroused. She even thought of jacking off, but decided it was better to stay horny until she was home with her boyfriend. Having discarded her knickers, she came out with nothing under her skirt and ready to get it on.

"Yeah, I'm OK," she said, walking off. "I just threw my knickers away. They were really nice knickers, so it's a shame, but whatever."

Liu Wei was thoroughly aroused by his girlfriend's lack of underwear, and, while he didn't want to admit it, her embarrassing little accident, too.

"Let's go home so we can have a shower," he said. "I mean, you can -"

"No, we," said Li Xiuying, smiling. "We're sharing."

As they walked home, Li Xiuying felt the breeze blow across her bare crotch. She looked at Liu Wei, and he had a visible bulge in his trousers. This was going to be fun.

Li Xiuying stripped off pretty much as soon as she was though the door of Liu Wei's apartment. She gyrated her naked body in front of him.

"I'm going for a shower," she said, as provocatively as she could. "Maybe you'd like to join me..."

She ran the water hot and got in. Sure enough, Liu Wei followed, naked and with the biggest erection Li Xiuying had seen outside porn. He wasn't taking much time, and he immediately embraced her, which turned to standing sex. He came a little disappointingly quickly for Li Xiuying, but it was still such an intimate moment. Then she felt his fingers working on her clitoris. She squealed as she felt the most intense climax of her life. And it didn't even stop there.

"Mind you don't disturb the neighbours," said Liu Wei, a little concerned with her squealing.

"I'll try to keep it down," she said, as he kept working her towards a second orgasm. "But I just can't...I just can't help it..."

She climaxed again, almost as intense as the first. She moaned and whimpered in helpless pleasure.

"You really enjoyed that, didn't you?" he said.

"Yeah..." she said, blushing. "I've got to say...having an accident kind of put me in the mood for it..."

"Weird," he said. Maybe this was a new path to explore...

*002*2019-07-06 08:54

{{11 hours ago, ragtime said:

Yo! I love your writing. Very precise and titillating, and the just the right amount of taboo naughtiness, etc. I'm utterly surprised at the lack of responses, because, this, Male, is my jam, and I can't imagine I'm alone. I hope that you keep sharing your writing, and I'd love to see this continue.

}}

I'm a bit surprised too. I like to think I'm quite good at writing erotica, but there's little interest around here. Someone said my writing was "too sexual", which is an...interesting complaint for porn. I even considered selling porn writing before, but there doesn't seem to be much market for it. My original plan for sale was a series of short stories about beautiful women who put off pooing just a little too long and end up dumping in their skirts, of various nationalities in various settings. One involved a 1950s American girl trying to hold it at the drive-in with her boyfriend and shitting her A-line skirt, another involved a Brazilian girl who gets accosted by armed robbers while struggling to get to the toilet and shits her skirt in fear, etc.

*004*2019-07-07 10:38

{{18 hours ago, Mrgala21 said:

Yeah i totally agree this is fantastic writing that should definitely get more attention. But then again, I’ve noticed myself that A LOT of people get turned off by any slight mention of poop. I however really enjoyed this and some of those other ideas sound really really interesting as well.

}}

I mean, I could do a variation where the women just piss their skirts instead if that would have broader appeal. But the first story I wrote here was all piss and that didn't get that much attention either.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/39108-the-red-and-the-yellow/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1359094&embedComment=1359094&embedDo=findComment#comment-1359094"

Only 3 people commented, and one was a guy I messaged about it because he's into Asian office ladies. I might give piss another go to see how it works out.

$

*008*2019-08-11 23:33

Li Xiuying's naughty adventures continue...

Aside from the skirt-pooing incident which preceded it, Li Xiuying couldn't have imagined a better way to lose her virginity - or to take her boyfriend's. But she had ambitions to reach even greater heights of pleasure. She had read that sharing an intense experience could enhance erotic feelings, and going on the rollercoasters at the new theme park would definitely qualify as intense. She was a bit more of a thrill-seeker than Liu Wei was, but he seemed happy to go along.

Like before, she made a special effort to look gorgeous. Her favourite black leather skirt, having been thoroughly dumped in, was not a viable option, but she did look near-indescribably sexy in her cute yellow dress. While she had shamefully enjoyed her last accident a little, she certainly didn't want to ruin another of her favourite clothes, and had refrained from anything that might upset her stomach the previous night. Liu Wei was impressed, though she knew she didn't have to dress up to impress him.

"You look so beautiful," he said, gently stroking her finely combed hair.

It was a very hot day indeed, and Li Xiuying fancied a large cold drink.

"Be careful, babe," said Liu Wei. "There's a really long queue for the main ride, and you wouldn't want to have to wee, would you?"

Li Xiuying didn't care. While her confidence had been a little shaken by her previous accident, she was pretty sure she could handle a large drink and a queue.

"I'm 18 years old, Liu Wei," she said. "I'm not a child. I can wait. I mean, except that one time, but I had stomach problems."

"Well, exactly," said Liu Wei, watching with concern as his girlfriend bought an extremely large soda and started gulping it. "You weren't so tough then, were you?"

"No," she said, blushing. "But it'll be OK this time..."

After an hour's wait in a very slow-moving queue, Li Xiuying began to wonder if it might not be OK this time. She fidgeted with the hem of her dress to try to take her mind off the growing pain in her bladder.

"You need to wee, don't you?" said Liu Wei. "I told you so."

"Yeah," she said, crossing her finely toned legs. "Not so bad now, but...things might get painful."

And they did. 20 minutes or so later, Li Xiuying was grimacing from the pain as she tapped her foot and tugged on her dress.

"I really have to go," she said. "This is going to be hard."

"Do you think you'll make it?" said Liu Wei.

"Well, I have to try," said Li Xiuying. "What else am I going to do, piss my dress in public in front of hundreds of people?"

"Well..." he said. "If you did wet your dress, I doubt anyone much would notice. I'd sooner that than you hurting yourself."

Li Xiuying shuddered a little. The idea of wetting her dress at her boyfriend's command was intensely hot. But significantly less so when surrounded by a load of strangers.

"I can't. Not in front of all these people," she said. "I'll wait."

Liu Wei looked up at the rollercoaster hurtling round the track. He loved his girlfriend dearly, but he really couldn't see her managing not to wet her dress through that.

"Look, I'll be frank," he said. "This is a little harsh, but you're not going to make it. You might as well have your little accident here instead of all over the seat, where they'll have to clean it up."

LI Xiuying felt indignant. "So you think I'm a little girl who can't hold her wee, then?" she said. "We'll see about that."

"No, I think you're a silly young lady who drunk a massive soda knowing that she couldn't use the toilet for a while," he said. "It's really not a big deal. Your knickers will dry very quickly on a day like this."

All this time, the pain was getting worse and worse. She winced and moved a hand over her bladder. She had to hold it. She had to show that she was strong enough. It would be so hot to have an accident in front of him, but she didn't want to look like a fool.

"Don't hurt yourself, babe," he said, squeezing her soft hand gently.

After about 2 hours of painful waiting, they were finally at the front of the queue. Li Xiuying's knickers were still dry, but it had been an almighty struggle, and she was shifting from foot to foot trying to reduce the pain. Maybe she should have just let go in her dress. She got into her seat, next to Liu Wei, and fastened herself in, still looking finely demure. Normally she'd be thrilled at such an experience, but deep down she knew she was going to wet herself on the ride, and she dreaded the humiliation of it as much as she knew she would secretly enjoy it.

"Try to keep your knickers dry, babe," said Liu Wei. She gulped as the ride started moving. Tensing her muscles as much as she could, she tried to hold back the pressure as it climbed up a steep incline. As it reached the crest, she shoved a hand into her crotch. But it was no use.

"Fuck, no..." she whimpered.

As it flew down the twisting track, she felt the adrenaline accompanied by a burst of warmth in her crotch. She was weeing in her dress, and there was nothing she could do about it. She pissed fiercely through her knickers for what felt like the best part of a minute, and as the ride turned upside down the hot urine poured up her dress, soaking her to the skin. When the ride finally came back to the start, she was in a real mess.

"Whoa, babe..." said Liu Wei, chuckling. "Yeah...that's what I thought would happen."

Li Xiuying was soaked, humiliated, and on the edge of tears. An obnoxious-looking bespectacled ride attendant walked over to her, pulled out his phone, and photographed her.

"Pfff, looks like your girlfriend's a real pussy," he said, smirking at the picture. "Most piss I've ever seen in my life."

"Hey, delete that," said Liu Wei. "She just had an accident, it's -"

"Too late, uploaded," he said. "The internet will have a good laugh."

Li Xiuying, so confident just a few hours earlier, burst into tears.

"It's alright, babe, it's alright," said Liu Wei, cuddling her as he led her away. He glowered at the attendant.

"If I weren't worried about my social credit score, I'd slug you for that," he said. "You can't get a pretty girlfriend, so you just mock someone else's. Cunt."

Li Xiuying's humiliation, made far worse by the mockery of netizens, was still slowly turning to warm comfort as Liu Wei cuddled her. Her wet dress stuck to her legs, and she stank of piss. She couldn't wait to get her clothes off...and what Liu Wei would surely do to her when that happened.

After a wet and depressing train ride home, she finally traipsed up to Liu Wei's apartment. Peeling her sodden dress and knickers off, she stepped into the shower and began to wash the tears and stale piss away.

"You really don't have to be ashamed of your accidents, babe," said Liu Wei, stepping in with her. "You're a little accident prone, that's all. It's not a serious flaw."

"I know, but...now everyone knows...that picture..." she said.

"You'll just have to get over it," he said. "Laugh it off."

"I guess," she said. Maybe she had to reconsider herself as not Li Xiuying the suave, tough young lady, but as Li Xiuying the young lady who couldn't make it to the toilet in time. It really wasn't that serious, after all. She'd just change her clothes.

She felt Liu Wei's hand working on her clitoris. Though she hadn't felt in the mood for sex when they got back, this was just irresistible. She felt an intense climax overwhelm her, followed by Liu Wei's penetration. He lasted a lot longer this time, around 30 seconds or so, before clutching her close as he came. Whatever happened, at least she had someone who really cared about her.

*010*2019-08-15 21:17

{{On 8/12/2019 at 9:47 AM, FUBOT said:

Great work again!

}}

Thanks. I've been thinking about writing a more "serious" story here with an actual plot mixed with omorashi content, but I don't know whether there would be much audience here for it, especially since it would involve a lot of poo accidents. The first scene would have absolutely epic poo desperation followed by a massive skirt-pooing, though there would be wee accidents later.

*012*2019-08-19 13:57

{{On 8/17/2019 at 5:40 PM, FUBOT said:

There aren't a lot of poo desperation stories that pop up around, which makes sense even if it is unfortunate. I know not everyone appreciates them, but you are putting good work into it, so I'll probably be there to read it. Serious sounds interesting, epic desperation sounds even more interesting, well it all sounds interesting really.

}}

It does, but I'm not going to bother writing a novella-length erotic story here if it's for an audience of 5 people.

*014*2019-08-20 10:25

{{15 hours ago, FUBOT said:

It feels like that is the case on this site no matter what. At this point I mostly write stories so Melificentfan will tell me I did a good job.

}}

It seems so. I was toying with the idea of actually selling omorashi erotica, but there's so little interest I might as well not bother. What I've written here so far is relatively low effort; I could draw out the desperation far longer, but that's obviously more time consuming and I'd want more of an audience.

*015*2019-08-22 21:49

I think for my next story I'll try a wee accident only approach; maybe the messing was putting people off. There will be some desperation of truly epic proportions, though...

The story will revolve around a South Korean office with extremely restrictive toilet break policies, and various gorgeous women falling afoul of them...

*016*2019-08-23 11:45

{{On 8/19/2019 at 7:10 PM, FUBOT said:

It feels like that is the case on this site no matter what. At this point I mostly write stories so Melificentfan will tell me I did a good job.

}}

Change of plan - I just wrote a cute 1 shot wetting story instead. Should get some attention.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/52420-ban-sang-mis-gaming-accident/?do=embed"

*018*2019-08-28 21:51

{{19 hours ago, etechie said:

Very Nice, and I am into female messing, so keep up the great work!

}}

I love it, personally, but I've been writing a few wee-centric stories lately in the hope of getting a broader audience.

Let's just say Li Xiuying's next little accident will involve an enormous dump in her skirt...

###

Today was a special day. Li Xiuying was getting to ride in her boyfriend's new car for the first time. And he was driving her back to his parents' house, to show off his beautiful new girlfriend. She was going to put in an extra special effort to look sexy. Knee high boots, a tight fitting top - and a brand new black leather skirt her boyfriend had bought her.

"You're so kind," she said, twirling to show off her new outfit. "You know how much I loved my old leather skirt, before...you know."

"You could probably get it clean," said Liu Wei.

"Yeah, but I'm not going to meet your parents in a skirt I've dumped in," she said, tempting fate. "That would be a little vulgar."

Liu Wei stroked her hair. "Have you used the toilet? I wouldn't want you to have an accident on my new car seat."

"Yeah," she said. "Problem is I've been having some constipation lately, I haven't done a poo for days. So I had some prune juice with breakfast to help -"

"You have got to be fucking kidding me," he said. "You've drunk laxative before a long car ride. How stupid are you?"

"Yeah, it was pretty dumb," she said. "But it's not like I can un-drink it, can I? I'll just have to endure it and stop somewhere if I can't hold it."

"If you shit your skirt on the seat, I'm not getting you another skirt," he said. "And you'll be cleaning up the mess."

"Fine," she said. "This time, I'll be stronger."

Liu Wei had some serious doubts.

Sure enough, after an hour or so on the road, Li Xiuying needed to poo.

Badly.

In fact, she needed to poo so badly it was the worst she'd had to go since that unfortunate incident in the mall.

"Um, can we stop somewhere please?" she said. "You know...I need to go." She put her hand on her stomach and shifted a little in the seat.

"The next rest stop is in 50km," he said. "Surely you can hold it that long."

"Um...yeah, I think so," she said, wincing at the thought of how long she had to wait.

"Well, it's either that or shit your skirt, so make your choice," he said.

Li Xiuying took deep breaths and tried to compose herself.

With 30km or so left, traffic ground to a halt. Li Xiuying moaned in despair.

"I have to poo..." she said, rubbing her legs together. "Please don't make me wait too long..."

"I'm afraid you'll just have to hold it," he said.

"But it's so hard..." she said. She knew that she was struggling to hold back a massive poo; she hadn't gone for days, after all. Her stomach gurgled.

"Can I...let some gas out?" she asked. "It might help me hold it."

"No, you'll probably just shit yourself," he said. "Hold your farts in until you absolutely can't."

Li Xiuying wasn't quite sure if he was genuinely trying to help or was torturing her. Regardless, she took his advice. The pain was just unbearable. She winced from the struggle of holding it in. Liu Wei was a little hard under his trousers, but really didn't want his girlfriend to make a mess in his car. He focused on the road ahead, and the painfully staccato flow of traffic.

"Look, 20km left to the rest area," he said, trying to encourage her. Li Xiuying could only think of the agony of having to wait so long. She hadn't slipped a fart yet, but it wouldn't be long until she did. This was just unendurable. She clenched her muscles tighter and crossed and uncrossed her legs. They must have been sitting in traffic for half an hour. Half an hour of ever increasing pressure on her bottom. Despite all her efforts, the pain was just too much. A loud fart rasped out through her knickers.

"Uh," said Liu Wei, grimacing at the smell. "Are you losing it?"

"No, it's just a fart..." Li Xiuying whimpered. The pressure was a little less now, but still so painful...and she might not be so lucky next time.

"Try to hold it in," he said. "Be strong."

Li Xiuying mustered what strength she had left to strain against the poo trying to force into her knickers. She knew it wasn't long until her white knickers were soiled. If she could get out of the car before the humiliating accident, it would be a victory.

"I'm trying to hold it..." she said. "I'm really trying..."

Liu Wei saw just how much pain his girlfriend was in. "Look, if you really, really can't hold it, it's OK if you poo," he said. "But if there's even a chance you can make it, please try. I really don't want to have a mess in my car."

"Thanks..." she said. "I'm really, really trying, but it's just too painful..."

Another fart ripped through her knickers. She felt a little relief, but it was only temporary.

"Hey, looks like the traffic's clearing up a little," said Liu Wei. "You shouldn't have to hold it much longer."

They'd been stuck in traffic for an hour, and Li Xiuying was already almost at her absolute limit of endurance. She could feel the poo almost forcing out through her anus. She strained somehow even harder, and barely managed to retain it.

15 kilometres to go. 10 kilometres to go. The pain was getting worse and worse and worse, but she knew she didn't have to hold it much longer. She squirmed in her seat. 5 kilometres to go...so close...4...3...2...1...

"There's the rest area," said Liu Wei. "Almost there."

"Finally..." Li Xiuying sighed, and slipped an enormous fart as she relaxed a little too much. She squeaked as she barely regained control.

"Did you just lose it?" asked Liu Wei, expecting the worst.

Li Xiuying lifted her skirt up and inspected her still white knickers. "No," she said. "No, I'm still holding it..."

"You're a pretty tough girl," he said. "Not too long now."

The car turned into the rest area.

"Fuck, I can't see anywhere to park," he said. "I'll stay in the car while you go, and try to find a space."

"Thanks..." said Li Xiuying, absolutely at her limit. She could hold it for mere seconds longer, and sweat was running down her face. She pushed the door open, then stepped out and made a desperate dash for the toilets. As soon as she took her first step, she felt the poo finally force its way out of her anus and start filling her knickers. And it just kept coming. With a loud, messy fart, more and more poo filled her knickers, squelching out of them and dropping down her legs. By the time she actually reached the toilet queue, she'd finished pooing, and had left a trail of poo down her legs and on the floor.

It wasn't the best day of her life.

A small boy was laughing at pointing at her. "Look, that lady just pooed her skirt!"

His parents told him to stop staring and move on. Other people looked at her with pity.

Li Xiuying looked down at herself. Her legs were filthy, and the back of her skirt was bulging a little from the mess. It would be extremely difficult to clean herself up, and she didn't want to leave her boyfriend looking too long for a parking space. She felt so pathetic to have ruined her new skirt. She got out her phone and sent a text to her boyfriend.

"I didn't make it. Pooed my skirt dashing for the toilets. Have you found a parking space yet?"

She didn't get a reply for a few minutes. By that time she had got into the toilet cubicle and wiped herself clean as best she could. Her skirt was damp and stained, but it was black, so it didn't show. Thank goodness she hadn't been wearing her white skirt today, which she would have been if her boyfriend hadn't got her a new black one...She'd throw her knickers away and go on naked under her skirt, as she did before. After she finished washing her hands, she saw the reply.

"Sorry to hear that, babe. You waited as long as you could. I found a space by the petrol station."

As she emerged from the ladies' room, she saw her boyfriend emerge from the gents'. A cleaner was mopping up the poo which had escaped her loaded knickers and fallen on the floor.

"Are you OK now, babe?" he asked, embracing her. "I really appreciate how you were able to hold it until you got out of the car. You're stronger than I thought."

"Thanks," she said. "And I note that you only said you wouldn't be getting me another skirt if I shat myself on the seat..."

"Sure," said Liu Wei. "But you'll only be getting a new one on the condition you wear a diaper under it."

"That's a joke, right?" said Li Xiuying. She wasn't quite ready to debase her dignity to that extent.

Liu Wei smiled. "We'll see."

$

*021*2019-09-13 22:32

{{On 9/11/2019 at 4:49 PM, WetNick88 said:

Also, I love that you include the characters texting each other to tell them what’s happening. This is so erotic in my experience. Knowing that your partner is about to lose it, eagerly awaiting the next update.... I’ve had many great sexting experiences like this. (Words not pictures)

The best ever was with one of the Skymouse models who I’d got talking to on text. (Years ago now!) We were going to meet when she came to London, but one of us lost their nerve. But not before we had had an amazing text exchange where I was holding on in the office, leaking a little by little, telling her every drop, then changing into my jeans and driving up to the nearby common where I finally lost control and soaked myself fully. Strangely my memory is almost entirely of my experience but I’m pretty sure she wet too, and certainly we both had a very happy ending...

}}

Significantly hotter if you actually are in a relationship with the lady in question.

*023*2019-09-16 22:18

My pure wetting stories haven't got that much attention either honestly.

