A Desperate Morning In The Gym

Author: Batman007

*000*2021-05-29 23:14

It was early in the morning when Rachel was seen entering the gym, she was wearing very tight clothes and showed a bit of her physique, mainly her thick ass. She walked in and went straight to the weightlifting room after she paid to enter. She started lifting heavy weights for a while and later noticed how badly she had to pee. But, she decided to hold it in to be naughty. As Rachel kept lifting weights her bladder grew and grew resulting in multiple spasms.

Her mind was playing tricks on her as she was envisioning herself wetting nude, but before she could dream about anymore, she cut herself off. The pain was so unbearable! She couldn’t wait to let go, but she knew that she should hold it in and release later, but when on earth would that be? The feeling felt like she was lodging an entire stream inside her throbbing bladder.

As she was busy attempting to hold in her pee, she noticed a man. On the off chance there's something you need to think about Rachel is that she truly loves to flirt with men. So like always, she claims to begin to look all starry eyed at the man and promptly attempts to prevail upon him. Rachel’s bladder was now full and was in dire need to release, she knew if she didn’t act fast her grey yoga pants would be soaked!

She run away from the man to find a bathroom, however her plan failed as there wasn’t one in sight, “Surely there must be a bathroom somewhere.” murmured Rachel. As time went on her bladder continued tormenting and the possibility of her having an accident made her frightened. She could sense herself leaking into her panties and an small wet patch was become evident on her pants, so she ran outside to quickly find the nearest bathroom.

She knew there wouldn’t be a bathroom till McDonalds, but she decided to go in an alleyway because she was already leaking and wouldn’t be able to hold it in for that long walk. After she crossed the road her body was starting to surrender as huge spurts pee was starting to wet her white panties and the sight was turning out to be more clear on her yoga pants.

She arrived at the alleyway and pulled her yoga pants down, pulled her yoga pants down, additionally investigating her little mishap in her panties, which were not very wet, yet somewhat damp. She pulls down her soggy panties and crouches quickly delivering at a quick rate, the alleviation was so pleasing as she made it on time.

*001*2021-06-21 22:47

As her powerful stream fizzled into tiny little tinkles, Rachel opened her eyes and was astonished by how she made it on time. She really thought that she would’ve an accident. She pulls up her pants, including her panties and makes her way across the street to return back at the gym. She enters the gym and notices that the man she was flirting with earlier was still there. Rachel goes to flirt with him so more, but this time she doesn’t have problematic bladder while grabbing his attention. “Hi there I’m Rachel, what’s yours?”

“Nice to meet you Rachel, I’m Mark.” Could Mark be the boyfriend she always wanted? She didn’t know, but she might know later. “What do you do for a living Mark?” I’m a writer, I’m currently publishing a book called Fatal Angel.”

“Maybe I could come over to your house and read it, it sounds very interesting.”

“Sure, why not. After our workouts just follow me and I’ll take you to my house.”

“Ok, I’m just going to continue doing my workout.”

“Sure, I’m going to as well.” Said Mark, she proceeds to do more weightlifting to keep up her fitness, “One, two, three, four, five, six, seven... eight. Ahhh!”

Rachel puts the weights down to have a water break, she takes a big gulp of her water and continues. “Nine, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen!” While taking another drink break she notices how desperate she’s becoming and it’s not good. As she continues weightlifting her mind cannot stop thinking about her relief earlier and just by thinking about it makes her feel very naughty.

She looks off to the side and notices the empty locker room and an idea just popped into her mind. She proceeds to walk to a different side to the gym that is closer to the locker rooms and to use the nearest gym equipment station, which was the treadmill. After an hour at her workout Rachel is about to burst! She gets off the treadmill and walks in direction to the locker room, Mark curiously watches her and follows her to the locker room. She is seen standing near the bench crossing her legs over and over. Mark was so turned on he was watching her hold again and the excitement made him so aroused.

A squirt of pee escapes her and tinkles down her legs and falls into her panties, her first leak! She was so excited, the feeling and anticipation of wetting made her so excited to cause an accident, but it was something she never did before out of enjoyment. As long as Rachel remembered she never really enjoyed the sensation of wetting yourself, but it was only today that she got a kink for it. As another leak escapes her, she plonks her thick ass on top of the bench, within seconds a strong flowing force of pee swims out of her urethra and onto the floor. Mark watches intently, while trying to not draw attention to himself.

Rachel watches as her crotch point of her grey yoga pants is becoming saturated and moans in relief. She closes her eyes to enjoy her little accident, a few moments later, she opens her eyes and discovers that she nearly wet her whole pants, as the wet patch was so noticeable and that her pants were now a darker shade of grey, that also had a strong stench of her childish misadventure.

Rachel notices Mark, she walks over to him and again flirting with him. “Hiya Marky, I hope you enjoyed my little accident, come let’s go to your place.”

To Be Continued...

*002*2021-06-29 22:19

Mark’s house - 4 AM:

“Oh wow Mark this is a very nice house you’ve got.”

“Thank you Rachel”, Mark opens the door and they both enter. Rachel is astonishing by the interior of the house being very neat and elegant. He tells her that has the book in his bedroom, they both walk up the stairs to the bedroom and Rachel can’t stop keeping her eyes of Mark.

He opens the bedroom door and they walk in, “Ah! Here we go.” He hands her the draft copy of Fatal Angel, she looks at it eager to read it and she starts reading. A few minutes past and she’s only read chapters 1 and 2, she stops and says “Wow this is an enjoyable read, I loved chapter 1.”

“But Rachel, when are you going to read the whole book?”

“I will do it later.” Rachel unzips her jacket, then takes off her t-shirt.

“Rachel, what are you doing?” asked Mark, “Look Mark, when I first saw you I haven’t been acting the same, I don’t know why but little incident at the locker room was for you, I wet myself for you and when I’m with you I feel strange, but I enjoy it. I think I’m in love with you.” The two lock eyes and Mark steps closer to help strip his lover.

He takes off her damp yoga pants, her panties is next and he was so turned on knowing that he was touching her wet clothes. She opens her eyes. He rests his head there on her chest, she touches his chest and begins to undress him in the same pattern he did to her.

He lies still as a dog beneath the mess on the floor. She notices that his penis is hard. They role onto the bed, there she takes his cock in her hand. She glistens with it. The inside of her thighs are wet.

She begins to make him hard again. In a few minutes he rolls her over and puts it in as if the intermission were ended. This time she is wild. The great bed begins creaking. Her breath becomes short. Mark has to brace his hands on the wall. He hooks his knees outside her legs and drives himself deeper. Oh,” she breathes, “that’s the best.”

An hour later, she’s spending time to read the rest of Mark’s book naked and masterbating during the raunchy segments in the novel that reminded her of what happened an hour ago with the book’s author. She lets off a big wet fart that reminded her that she hadn’t taken a shit all morning, she puts the novel down to wake up Mark.

“Mark, Mark, Mark!!!!”

“WHAT Rachel?”

“Mark I’ve got to go to the bathroom I’ve got to take a shit, I haven’t had one since breakfast.”

“Down the hall, you’ll know which door it is because the bathroom door is always open.”

“Thanks so much Mark.”

Rachel opens the door to the bedroom and leaves. She doesn’t know how long she’ll have to hold it in for, but is still persistent to make it to the bathroom.

She arrives at the bathroom in time, but her bowels are starting to work. She rushes in and sits on the toilet, nothing is coming out of anus, but waits for her sweet relief. A few minutes later she lets out another wet fart that kick starts her relief. Her bowels open up and forcefully pushes her droll out of her and a few moments later it begins to slide out.

It forcefully splashes into the water, another one comes out and she stops for a moment to enjoy the feeling of letting her breakfast out of her system. If she was dressed in her clothes she probably would have allowed herself to have an accident, but being nude she didn’t want to stain the floors with her excrement.

Mark wakes up and fells the side of the bed where Rachel slept, it was complete wet not by pee, but by her wet thighs during their intercourse. He gets out of bed and walks over to see how far Rachel red his book, by now she red up to chapter 5, which contained a lot of nudity and sex - basically just like before.

The bedroom door opens it’s Rachel, she’s back from the bathroom. Mark embraces her in his arms and leads her back into bed.

The End

