Love And Incontinence

Author: Male

*000*2018-07-12 17:39

Noy looked like the sweetest girl alive, in her Thai student uniform of pale blue blouse and dark blue pleated skirt, with her waist length black hair in a ponytail. And, most of the time, she was. But, when it came to other attractive young ladies like herself, she was a rather perverted individual. Her university was the sort where love between 2 girls could blossom freely, and she spent far too long considering which one of her fellow beauties she would attempt to seduce. Of course, she had to be interested in pretty girls as well, and most girls weren't, regardless of Noy's seductive charms. Such was the life of a gay girl. But there was one gorgeous beauty who was a definite prospect - Kanya, known as "Pia". Pia was an elegant young lady, with her waist length brown hair in 2 plaits, and she was definitely into girls. Noy knew she had better move before another girl did, but was apprehensive for one peculiar reason; she didn't quite know how to handle her fetishes.

For Noy, contrary to her innocent appearance, was deeply into BDSM. Her fantasies of sex with Pia involved dominating and spanking her. This alone would be little issue; most girls wouldn't be too put off by such things. But her biggest passion, omorashi, was a different story. She somehow doubted that ladylike Pia would much fancy soiling her skirt and being masturbated through her filthy knickers. But she could not let that fantasy go. Omorashi was the ultimate submission, the ultimate humiliation. And Noy didn't think she could really have a fulfilling long term relationship without it. It obviously wasn't something she could bring up on the first date, or the second, or the third, or...how could she possibly ever bring it up?

In a way, Pia brought it up first. One fateful day, at the start of a long lecture, Pia felt a sudden urge to poo. She wasn't sure why, though she suspected the curry she had last night had something to do with it. As time went on, she could tell it was a big one. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat and strained, trying to focus on the lecture. Her stomach gurgled. She almost slipped a fart, but barely held it back. She couldn't possibly let one out in front of Noy, no matter how relieving it would feel. She fancied Noy as much as Noy did her, but she was too shy to bring it up. And certainly too shy to fart in front of her.

Noy had seen enough omorashi porn to know that Pia had to poo. And she had to poo badly. She found herself increasingly distracted from the lecture and attracted to Pia's lithe legs and anguished face. Her vagina was starting to dilate a little already. She felt disgusted with herself, but she couldn't help it. If Pia farted, or, even better, pooed her skirt...she'd be on the edge of orgasm. She reminded herself to be realistic. Grown women don't poo their skirts very often, and Pia would most likely just dash off to the toilets for some much-needed relief. She briefly fantasised about restraining her, but immediately dismissed this as utterly unethical, ashamed she'd even considered it. But she could attempt to...distract Pia from going to the toilet for as long as possible. Maybe long enough for her to slip a fart. Maybe even long enough that she wouldn't make it.

Pia could tell Noy was fancying her, but she believed this to be despite her predicament, not because of it. In Pia's mind, slipping a fart would be the end of it. A pretty girl like Noy wouldn't possibly want a girlfriend who farted in front of her. As soon as lectures were over, she'd dash off to the toilets to find relief before she embarrassed herself.

The lecture ended, and the students stood up to leave. Pia held her stomach and bent over, wincing in pain from the pressure on her bottom. She hadn't needed to poo this badly for as long as she could remember. She was absolutely bursting, and it was a testament to her strength that she hadn't farted.

"Hey, Pia," said Noy, looking as seductive as she could. "I was wondering if you'd like to go to the bar with me. You're seriously cute."

"Um, thanks, Noy, I'd love to, but I need to use the toilet first," said Pia.

"There's a toilet in the bar," said Noy. "Why don't we walk on over -"

"It's an emergency," said Pia. She was already concerned by all the other girls heading for the toilets in front of her. Noy was blocking her way. By the time she got there, she'd be near the back of the queue.

"An emergency?" said Noy, acting dumb. "You mean you don't think you can make it to the bar?"

"Yeah," said Pia, blushing. She strained against the massive pressure on her bottom. "Noy, please, get out of the way. I really need to go. Now."

"OK, fine", said Noy, very slowly walking towards the door. "If you're using the toilet here, I'll use it, too."

Pia hurried to the door as quickly as she could, holding her bottom with one hand. Noy giggled. She was trembling with arousal already. Now if only she'd slip a fart...

Noy took her place behind Pia in the toilet queue. Pia was bent over, holding her stomach, sweating from the strain.

"Hey, Pia," said Noy, "are you sure about going here? The queue's pretty long. Why don't we go over to the bar?"

"I'd be near the front of it if it weren't for you blocking my way," said Pia, annoyed. "Uhhh..."

She barely restrained a massive urge to poo.

"Well, sorry," said Noy. "I didn't realise it was such an emergency."

"Yeah, I know," said Pia. "It's not your fault...uhhh..."

The sight of the toilets just out of reach was making it so much harder for Pia to hold it. Noy knew about "latch key incontinence" in theory, but to see it working on a sexy girl in practice was just incredible.

The fart which puffed from Pia's skirt was even more incredible. Noy shuddered as she smelt it. It wasn't a good smell, but the humiliation which it represented was making her vagina slippery. She really shouldn't be feeling this way, but she just couldn't help it, any more than Pia could help yielding to the massive pressure in her bowels.

Pia blushed in deep humiliation as she smelt the stench of her fart. She had to make it to the toilet, agonising as it was to resist letting go. If she didn't, her chances with Noy were gone. No dignified girl would want a girlfriend who poos her skirt.

Fortunately for Pia, Noy wasn't a dignified girl in the slightest, and her passion for Pia was growing with every anguished look on her face and every fart that squeaked through her trembling bottom. Her fantasies were coming true. But would they reach their glorious climax - Pia pooing her skirt? It was a lot to hope for, but Noy was becoming increasingly optimistic. As the sweating Pia slipped another fart, it was obvious she was starting to lose control. Perhaps her knickers were already skid marked. Oh, to see under that skirt! But Noy restrained herself.

"Do you think you'll make it, Pia?" she asked.

"I...think...so..." said Pia, trying to look as strong as she could. In truth, she knew she had seconds to spare. The proximity of the toilet was making it harder and harder to hold it, and the pressure was coming to bursting point. If that queue didn't hurry up, she'd be dropping a load in her skirt, and she knew it. She crossed her legs and leaned against the wall, gasping for strength. There were only 3 girls in front of her...2...1...but with every step she took closer to the toilet, holding it became harder still. Due to not having wasted her teenage years masturbating to omorashi, Pia was unaware of latchkey incontinence, but she was certainly feeling it. Another fart squeaked from her bottom. She blushed deeper, relieved that somehow she hadn't followed through.

Noy inhaled the stench like it was fresh mountain air. The stench of utter humiliation. But would she...Noy fantasised about the anguished strain on Pia's face as her strength finally failed her and she pooed her skirt at last. Would she see that? She admired Pia's strength to have lasted so long. She was clearly restraining a massive poo, and many girls would have given in by now. Noy wondered how well she would have fared in the same situation. She suspected she'd be crying in a filthy skirt by now. At any rate, she certainly wasn't going to judge Pia harshly for giving in if...or when...she did.

Pia finally reached the front of the queue. Her knickers were still spotless white. She'd made it...almost. As she sighed a little in relief, she felt a surge of pressure like none she had felt before. A surge she simply couldn't resist. She hammered on the stall door, almost by instinct.

"Hurry up! Hurry up! I'm...I'm..."

Despite her straining with all her strength, poo forced through her anus into her knickers. She whimpered in pain as tears of humiliation came to her eyes. Now resigned to her filthy fate, she leaned back against the wall and moaned as she felt the poo fill her knickers and stain her skirt. Noy knew exactly what was happening, and was thrilled. She was on the edge of orgasm, and the slightest touch of her G-spot would have sent her over the edge. Her fantasies were coming true.

"Hey, Pia, it's OK," she said, putting an arm around her. "You held out really well. You couldn't help it."

Pia whimpered as tears flowed down her face. Noy seemed to be taking this much better than she thought she would. In fact, she seemed...turned on. Surely not.

Noy wanted nothing more than to flip up Pia's skirt and masturbate her, but knew that doing this would get her immediately expelled and probably registered as a sex offender, not to mention being completely non-consensual. She exercised her utmost restraint in just giving Pia a cuddle. Though she did let her hand creep down to feel the warmth of the poo in the back of Pia's skirt. It was a big one, and she'd let it all out.

The stall door opened. The girl inside came out, and grimaced at the stench. Seeing Pia sobbing, she immediately realised what had happened, and hurried on, feeling deeply sorry for her but really not wanting to stick around. Pia dashed into the toilet and began trying to clean up as best she could. She was so, so glad that girls wore skirts. In a skirt, she could just discard her obliterated knickers and carry on without anyone noticing. If she'd been wearing trousers as the boys did, she'd have to wear obviously soiled trousers on her shameful walk home. She pitied any poor boys who suffered similar circumstances.

Noy needed a stall as well, for very different reasons. She needed to jerk off, now. She was trembling in passion, and could think of nothing but fucking Pia, but Pia obviously wasn't in the mood right now. Unless...perhaps, in her vulnerability, she'd be up for coming home for a shower? And some comfort? And some sex? One fantasy had come true today. Why not another?

Noy decided she'd try it. When the tearful Pia, with knickers discarded, emerged from the stall, she hugged her again.

"Hey, Pia," she said. "Do you fancy coming back to my place? For a shower, and some comfort?"

"Um...yeah, I guess," said Pia, rather confused. Who on Earth would want to take home a girl who'd just soiled herself? She knew this offer would mean sex - she wasn't totally naive - but she was up for that. Noy was seriously hot.

The girls walked back to Noy's room holding hands. Noy could think of nothing but the shower sex they were going to have. Pia didn't know what to feel. She was deeply humiliated, but that somehow felt good when Noy was taking charge of her.

Noy let Pia into her room. "Come on, let's go shower," she said.

"Who goes first?" said Pia, playing dumb.

"No, both of us," said Noy. "Come on."

Both girls pulled off their clothes as quickly as they could, and gazed at each other's beautiful bodies. Noy switched on the shower, and let it run warm before stepping in. Pia stepped in after her. As soon as she had, Noy held her tight and started French kissing her. Both girls were deeply aroused, Noy a single touch away from orgasm. Noy started feeling Pia's G-spot, and Pia then did the same to Noy. Noy came almost at once, urine flowing down her legs with the shower water as she utterly lost control. It was the most intense climax she'd ever had. Pia took a little longer to come, but soon was moaning in pleasure as Noy's fingers got to her. Both girls felt a deep connection that needed no words.

Their relationship may not have started auspiciously, but it definitely seemed like one worth pursuing.

*002*2018-07-12 22:06

{{14 minutes ago, ragtime said:

@Male

Your stories have been consistently hot and so good. Thanks for sharing!

}}

Thanks. This should be a multi-part story. I may continue the other ones as well at some point.

*003*2018-07-12 23:18

The next day, Noy and Pia strolled to lectures as a couple, holding hands. Pia's friend Anurak, an athletic young man with a fine figure and short black hair, noticed them.

"Hey, Pia," he said. "I see you've got yourself a girlfriend. She's really hot, if she doesn't mind me saying."

"I don't," said Noy, "just don't get any ideas. I'm into girls, and only girls."

"Yeah, I know," said Anurak. "I'm just saying you're a really cute couple."

"Yeah," said Pia, blushing.

"I heard you did a poo in your skirt yesterday," said Anurak, smirking. "That must have been awkward."

Pia blushed scarlet.

"Yeah, she did," said Noy. "I couldn't blame her, though, she was absolutely bursting. I'm not sure I would have made it in the same circumstances."

"Well, it's good to see that didn't put you off," said Anurak. "Unfortunately some of the girls who saw...and smelled it told everyone, so expect some teasing. I mean, not from me, I get you couldn't help it."

Pia blushed deeper still. As she and Noy walked into the leture hall, she heard some girls whispering:

"She pooed her skirt yesterday! It stank!"

"Just rise above it, Pia," said Noy. "You've got a hot girlfriend, and they haven't."

"Most of them don't want a hot girlfriend, Noy," said Pia.

"Well, I bet their boyfriends aren't as hot as me," said Noy.

"We'd need someone bi to check," said Pia.

Noy relaxed with her gorgeous girlfriend. There'd definitely be sex this evening, but she still hadn't confided just how much she loved Pia pooing her skirt. Or, indeed, that she had loved it at all. This was a new relationship blossoming, and she didn't want to ruin it by bringing up omorashi...

...no, to hell with that, why not?

Noy decided that perhaps she could frame omorashi in an ostensibly non-sexual context. A scenario where a girl might conceivably get desperate. A scenario where a girl might, with extreme misfortune, end up weeing her skirt.

The obvious answer was alcohol, and a bar crawl. A few too many bottles of cheap lager and a lack of toilets would make the most iron-bladdered girl alive wee her skirt eventually. She hadn't got the measure of Pia regarding wee, but her admirable endurance holding back her poo indicated that she'd put up quite a struggle before giving in. The longer the struggle, the hotter it was, as long as she burst in the end.

Noy also figured she'd be far more likely to get Pia holding it if she did, too. This raised the possibility of wetting her own skirt, which made her a little uncomfortable. She'd never weed her skirt before, and always preferred the dominant role when it came to omorashi. To lose control herself would be to show her weakness to Pia. But framing the wee holding as a challenge both girls must take would have a far higher chance of getting Pia to participate.

After lectures were over, Noy proposed her idea to Pia.

"Hey, Pia," she said, "I have this...ritual I do with all my new girlfriends, where we go out drinking in all the local bars, with 1 special rule."

"What's the special rule?" said Pia.

"No toilets," said Noy. "We have to hold it all evening. First one to wee has to pay for all the drinks."

"So it's about not going to the toilet as long as you can?" said Pia.

"Pretty much," said Noy. She wanted to push her luck and clarify that there'd ideally be no toilet use at all and the loser just has to go in her skirt, but she decided to take things slowly.

"Um...I'm not sure I want to do that," said Pia. "Yesterday was humiliating enough."

"If you do it, I'll give you amazing sex when we get back," said Noy. "Better than you've ever had. Come on, do it for your girlfriend."

"OK..." said Pia, reluctantly.

###

Pia and Noy strolled into town that evening in clean student uniforms. Pia was deeply apprehensive. She remembered the pain and humiliation of going in her skirt the day before, and was deeply unwilling to suffer it again. This time, she'd go to the toilet before it got anywhere near an accident.

"Hey, Pia," said Noy. "If the toilet somewhere was really disgusting, as in diarrhoea on the walls level disgusting, would you use it?"

"No, of course not," said Pia.

"Even if you were bursting?" said Noy.

"I'd really try to find somewhere else," said Pia.

"What about if it was literally that, or going in your skirt?" said Noy.

Pia shuddered at the thought.

"I really hope it doesn't get to that," she said.

Noy smiled, hoping for a very wet night.

Noy led Pia into a scruffy looking bar.

"Come in here," she said. "Beer's really cheap, so you won't have to pay much when you wee first."

Of course, this wasn't the only reason she had chosen that establishment. The toilet was so disgusting she wouldn't use it, and ladylike Pia wouldn't either. This should prolong their desperation a little...Noy did feel a little apprehensive about the possibility of having an accident herself. She hadn't measured Pia's bladder against her own. She certainly wasn't going to dash off to any toilets, though. She was going to hold it to her absolute limit. Whether that was enough was a different question.

The girls started drinking, and conversation flowed. Noy talked about her father, the corrupt officer who bought their family's house with bribes. He was a terrible man, but a great father. Pia talked about her mother, a surgeon, and her overshadowed father who felt insecure about his position in the family. And both talked about their awkward experiences hitting on girls at school.

After 4 beers and many minutes, Pia's bladder was starting to ache. She tried as hard as she could not to show any weakness, but her shifting in her seat was enough to suggest to Noy that she had to go. Noy herself was also suffering, but her signs of desperation were not visible to Pia, who was not an omorashi enthusiast. As the girls drank their fifth beer, Noy felt a pang of pain in her bladder, and gasped, clutching herself. She hadn't leaked, but she'd come close. She was deeply concerned.

"Is it starting to get to you, Noy?" said Pia, a little confident. "I'm guessing you'll start to regret this challenge soon..."

"No, I'm OK," said Noy, still flustered but firmly in control. "I've got a big bladder."

"Yeah, so have I," said Pia.

And she did. After their sixth beer, Pia was definitely uncomfortable, with the tension showing on her face, but Noy was truly bursting. Another urge struck her, and she clutched herself through her skirt, gasping again.

"Uhhh..." she said.

"Wow, it's really getting to you, isn't it," said Pia. "I guess you'll be footing the bill."

"No," said Noy, clearly worried. She didn't care about paying the bill, but weeing her skirt before Pia was a far bigger issue. She wanted to cement her position as the dominant partner, and a public wee accident was about the last way to do that. She figured Pia would burst before she did, based on her accident the previous day, but she now realised that she had grossly overestimated her own capacity. She'd never held to bursting before, always preferring the role of controller. Now she was in the victim's position, and she wasn't enduring it very well.

Pia, too, was suffering. She wasn't about to burst, but she was certainly at the point where she would have dashed for the toilet if there was no stake involved. She realised that it wasn't just about the money. She liked watching Noy, who had been so confident and in control, squirming, knowing that one little slip would have her weeing her skirt. She didn't know what "omorashi" was, but if someone had explained it to her, she would have started to get it.

By the time the girls had drunk their seventh beer, Noy had one hand pressed permanently into her skirt, and was obviously on the edge of losing it. Noy still clung to vain hopes that Pia wasn't as strong as she looked. Pia was squirming, and clearly in severe discomfort, but she obviously still had a bit of capacity left. Noy didn't.

Pia felt an urge herself, and squealed as she held herself through her skirt. She barely managed to stay dry, but she knew it wouldn't be long before she had to dash for the toilet if she wanted to make it. But she didn't want to dash. She wanted to win. She wanted to win so much, she was willing to risk weeing her skirt to do it. Noy felt the same. Both girls, unknown to the other, were committed to holding until they burst, each assuming the other girl would dash before they leaked.

The eighth beer was agony, with both girls clutching their bladders as they drank, squirming to try to find the least painful position. Noy knew that if Pia didn't dash soon, she was going to leak. And once she started to leak, she'd lose it. But she wouldn't give up. She had to dominate Pia.

As she tried to set her thoughts on domination, another huge urge hit her, and she bent over, whimpering in anguish. For the first time in her adult life, she felt warmth bursting into her knickers. She barely managed to regain control, but she'd leaked. She was losing it. She looked down at her skirt. There wasn't any sign of it. She could go on. She then began to consider the possibility of completely losing it on the bar stool, which would result in them both being thrown out. If she was going to lose it, it had to be outside.

"Hey, Pia, let's go outside," she said, obviously panicked.

"Why?" said Pia, smiling. "Giving up, are we?"

"No, no," said Noy, caught between her urge to win and her fear of humiliation. "No, I'm not giving up."

"Then stay here," said Pia.

Noy gulped. She was going to lose it, right there on the stool. She couldn't make it to the toilet even if she wanted to. All she could do was pray that Pia gave in first.

She didn't. Noy succumbed to another urge, and felt wee spurt down her skirt. She was losing it. She stood up, trying to at least get outside before utterly losing control. She staggered outside, spurting wee down her legs, before completely giving in. She leaned against the wall, gasping as wee gushed down her trembling legs. The relief was orgasmic, and she would have masturbated right there had she not been in public. Pia could hardly believe what she was seeing. Her girlfriend, once so confident about holding her wee, was losing it right in front of her.

As she watched Noy moaning in relief, she felt the temptation of letting go in her skirt herself. She denied it, and staggered towards the toilet, clutching her bladder through her skirt and somehow still dry knickers. Noy couldn't stop her from going now.

The cleaner, however, could. She entered the disgusting toilet ahead of Pia, leaving her shut out with seconds to spare before leaking.

"Let me in! I have to wee! Now!" said Pia, hammering on the door.

"You've had all evening to wee," said the cleaner. "I need to clean this up, it's disgusting. Go and wee somewhere else."

That "somewhere else" was going to be her skirt, and she knew it. She staggered out of the bar, clutching her bladder, vainly looking for somewhere else to wee. She tried to fight the urge that struck her, but it was just too much. A rivulet of urine ran down her quaking leg. Noy, seeing this, became even more aroused than before. She loved watching Pia have an accident, and, she was now discovering, she loved having an accident herself.

"Hey, Pia," she said. "Come over here and wee."

Pia staggered over to Noy, another rivulet of wee flowing down her leg, leaned against the wall, and finally gave in, moaning as the wee soaked her skirt and hosed down her legs.

"The cleaner was in the toilet," said Pia, blushing scarlet. "Just my luck."

Noy was still gasping in excitement, and on the edge of orgasm.

"That was so fun," she said. "Let's do it again some time."

"Actually, I thought it was pretty painful and embarrassing," said Pia. "Although I did love that moment when you started to wee..."

Pia smiled. "Maybe we should do it again. I'll enjoy making you wee yourself, after you proposed it."

Noy blushed. She'd never imagined being dominated by another girl in her life. And it felt...good.

The girls walked home holding hands, their soaked skirts clinging to their legs.

"You know, I need to wee again," said Pia, when they were almost home.

"Just let it all out in your skirt," said Noy. "It's already soaked."

Pia closed her eyes and let go. It felt so liberating to just wee in your skirt without worrying about making it to the toilet. She opened her eyes to see Noy doing the same.

Both girls came into their room dripping wet. Noy closed the door, and started French kissing Pia as soon as they were closed off from the outside world. This time, Noy felt Pia's hand up her skirt before she put her hand up Pia's. They masturbated each other through their soaked knickers until they climaxed, leaving more liquid dripping down their legs.

"I'm starting to think you enjoy girls not making it to the toilet," said Pia, finally stripping off her soaked clothes. "You seem really horny after one of us has an accident."

"Yeah," said Noy, blushing. "It's my biggest fetish."

"It's kind of fun," said Pia. "It's like a contest, who can go longest without weeing her skirt. Pretty cool as far as fetishes go."

Noy felt like the luckiest girl alive.

*004*2018-07-13 12:58

Noy woke up next to Pia, and felt her stomach growl. She needed to poo, badly. She got out of bed.

"I'll use the bathroom first," she said. "I need to poo."

"I was thinking," said Pia. "Last night's challenge was really fun. How about we do another one? Like...you going through the whole day without doing a poo?"

Noy felt the pressure on her bottom. This was going to be one hell of a challenge.

"No, thanks, I'll pass," she said.

"Really?" said Pia. "Last night, I proved I could hold my wee longer than you. If you can manage not to poo all day, you'll have beaten me at that. Since, you know, I pooed my skirt. Otherwise, you'll just have to accept I'm tougher than you."

Noy paused. "You're not pooing either, right?" she said.

"No, I'll hold it too," said Pia. "I don't really need to poo, but I do have to wee. And I'll hold my wee if you hold your poo."

"OK..." said Noy. This was going to be a painful day. But if she succeeded, she'd finally prove her dominance over Pia. Pia might have beaten her at wee, but she'd win at poo. She'd seen Pia poo her skirt! It couldn't be too hard to beat that.

As she and Pia walked to lectures in their uniforms, Noy felt the pressure on her bottom growing already. How on Earth was she going to manage not to poo? She didn't know. She had to find the strength somehow. She did decide, though, that she absolutely would not poo her skirt in front of all her friends. If she absolutely couldn't hold it, she'd dash for the toilet.

Noy shifted uncomfortably in her seat during lectures. Pia was obviously enjoying watching her girlfriend suffer. Noy wondered what on Earth she had got herself into. She hadn't bargained on her omorashi girlfriend being better at holding than she was. She had to show she was the stronger girl.

Noy sweated and strained, and barely managed not to fart. Pia was getting desperate to wee, too, and was holding her bladder through her skirt. But her pain simply did not compare to Noy's. Pia knew it was only a matter of time before Noy started to fart. And it was only a matter of time after that before Noy suffered the same undignified fate she had 2 days ago.

By the time it got to lunch break, Noy was close to her limit. She'd only lasted half the day, and had another half to go. She'd barely managed not to fart, but she knew she'd be farting soon.

"How are you feeling, Noy?" said Pia. "I'm fine. I can hold my wee all day."

Pia wasn't quite sure herself, but she had to give an impression of confidence.

"I'm OK," said Noy, unconvincingly. "I'll hold it..."

As she said so, a loud fart burst from her bottom. She blushed. Pia giggled, holding her bladder to try not to leak.

"Sounds like you're starting to lose it," said Pia. "I'll be enjoying you pooing your skirt later!"

Noy fumed, but she knew Pia was probably right. If she didn't give up and run to the toilet, she was going to poo her skirt before the end of the day. She had to decide whether to try to preserve some dignity, or whether to hold to her absolute limit in a desperate attempt to beat Pia. Well, Pia had taken her up on her challenge, and held to her absolute limit. As a dutiful girlfriend, she had to do the same for Pia.

Noy sat down for afternoon lectures with an anguished look on her face. She strained and strained and strained as the pressure built ever greater on her bottom. She understood how Pia felt that day, and it was...painful, but somehow sexy. She was edging ever closer to humiliation as her girlfriend gleefully watched, just as she had done to Pia that day. This was a side of omorashi she'd never experienced before, but it was actually quite fun.

Eventually her strength failed a little, and she slipped another fart. She blushed, and strained to not let another. Pia giggled, before holding herself harder as a powerful urge made her almost leak. Poo had almost pushed through her anus, and she was barely pulling it back. Another fart burst from her bottom. She whimpered in distress. She had mere minutes left in clean knickers. She wasn't sure she could even make it to the toilet if she dashed. Legs and fists clenched, she put every bit of strength she had into holding back the poo. But it just wasn't enough. Her anguished face turned to despair as poo touched her knickers. She whimpered in distress as she felt the warm poo fill her skirt. This was how Pia felt that day. People around her smelt what was going on, and recoiled in disgust. Pia, close to weeing herself, giggled. She was aroused. This omorashi thing was pretty fun after all.

Noy sat in her own poo and shame for the rest of the lectures, then shuffled out, tears in her eyes. Pia, now squirming from the pain of holding her swollen bladder, hugged her.

"Hey, Noy, it's OK," she said. "You held it to your limit, just like I did. We're both equal."

Noy smiled. Perhaps she could settle for not being dominant. She could certainly settle for Pia weeing her skirt, and, given how desperate she was, that seemed likely.

"Hey, Pia, let's go home and shower," she said.

"Um, I need to wee first," said Pia.

"I held to my limit..." said Noy. "How about you hold to yours?"

Pia blushed. She knew what Noy meant. She wouldn't make it back to their room, and that's exactly what Noy would want.

The struggling Pia and the stinking Noy walked back to their room, with Pia clutching her swollen bladder. Noy was impressed by the size of it. She'd be even more impressed when its contents ran down Pia's legs.

Pia limped to their door, and got her keys out from her skirt pocket. As she did, latchkey incontinence struck, and she started to lose it. She felt wet warmth in her knickers, and moaned in pain as wee sprayed down her legs. Noy's heart was racing. It didn't get hotter than this. She pressed on Pia's bladder, helping it utterly empty into Pia's skirt, a huge pool growing around her on the floor. The girls staggered into their room.

"Now, let's fuck," said Noy.

They started French kissing, and Noy felt Pia's fingers working her G-spot through her filthy knickers. She felt Pia's wet knickers with her fingers, and started on her, too. They climaxed near-simultaneously, moaning in intense joy.

"Now, let's get cleaned up," said Pia.

