The Angel in the Ambulance

Author: NateSean

*000*2014-07-19 23:53

Warning: This is Explicit. It is also a slightly fictionalized account of what happened to me the other day, a few hours before my job interview began. I'll leave you to decide where fantasy and reality blur.

At six in the morning in the center of a town not universally known for it's wealth of public restrooms, I stepped off the bus and began the search for a place to empty my full bladder. From experience, I remembered at least three places in the Lynn area that were close by and had a public restroom. However, similar experiences involved a locked door or a sign saying “No Public Restroom”. Maybe someone had died in there, or was caught doing drugs, but whatever the reason, the hard working honest folks of Lynn and those citizens from towns passing through there were being denied a place to legally eliminate bodily waste.

The first place that came to mind was a Dunkin Donuts, which is usually a safe bet since there are so many of them and usually a small purchase of a donut is all that's required to gain entry. But halfway to the nearest location I knew of, there was a stab of pain.

It wasn't in my groin, but it was close enough that the pain stopped me in my tracks. No, this was the pain of a colon full of liquid feces that desperately wants to be let out. This was the coffee I had drank a few hours earlier. At this point I was actually afraid. It would not have been convenient to mess in my clothes, but I honestly was prepared to take that hit just to alleviate the pain. Unfortunately, the pain only subsided a little with a light passing of gas, and every step was excruciating.

Now, the city of Lynn has a history. It's one of those towns that I don't like to judge based on the stories I've heard, or the bad experiences that I personally have had. But suffice it to say that this isn't a town I like getting caught in at any time of the day, unless I know I'm about to leave there very shortly. Clearly I am not alone in this as a number of dirty looks told me.

When you see a guy taking tiny little steps, clutching his lower body desperately and silently gasping in pain like a fish out of water, you might think he's a little drunk. Maybe you're right. But if you see such a person, it really wouldn't kill you to ask him if he's alright, rather than passing judgment and looking at him like he's a disgrace to humanity. Everyone of us has been there and a little sympathy could be the difference between an angel coming to your rescue, or a karmic sledge hammer to the knees. But I digress.

I was in the parking lot of a Family Dollar when another wave of pain hit me. This time I let out a very audible cry of pain and I stood there, again, terrified as the pain grew worse. How was I to know what would happen? You've probably been in the very pain I speak of and there's only so much dignity you can muster in such a situation. And again, there were people in eye sight, all going about their business with their coffee and their newspapers. But not a damn sympathizer among them.

Okay, I don't know what I expected in that moment. But still, a little inquiry into my well being would have restored my faith in humanity.

When the pain died down enough, I tried to pick up the pace. Each movement was labor intensive and as I turned the corner, I began to think the Dunkin Donuts would never get closer. I thought of taking the gamble and crossing the street to Shaw's plaza. But that was where I had seen the locked door sign to a bathroom that I had once used previously and didn't want to lose precious time by chancing it again.

There it was. The Dunkin Donuts with the large bay window and the brightly lit sign. Salvation was at hand! I opened the door and heaved a sigh.

“You gotta be messing me,” I moaned, without a trace of irony. The sign on the door at the end of the dining area alerted all to the lack of a public restroom. How could this be? There were old people drinking coffee. Coffee drinking elderly women are the High Council of Public Restroom Access, how could they sit there silently and abide this violation of human rights?

So I sucked up what little dignity I had and returned to the sidewalk. Across the street, there was a diner. Could I make it? I had just gotten paid that day, so I could buy something small if that's what they wanted.

The early morning traffic was light, but there were a few delivery trucks on the road. I tried to make it a cross as quickly as I could, wincing in pain as I moved. Finally, I reached the parking lot of the diner and that's when another wave of pain struck me. I doubled forward, clutching my stomach and definitely in tears.

“Are you okay?”

I forced myself to look up at the sound of a concerned voice. He was a few inches taller than me, with black cargo pants and recently polished shoes. The tight, pale blue button down shirt revealed a slight curvature of the belly, making me wonder how experienced this guy was as an EMT if he didn't seem to work out all that much. I only guessed he was an EMT when I saw the ambulance in the parking space nearby. The logo on the side matched the patch that I could just barely make out, as I couldn't bare to stand up straight.

Sheepishly and with a bit of a whine, I answered. “I have to go the bathroom.”

“You look like you're in pain,” he observed. “Do you think you can make it into the diner?”

“I honestly don't know.” I let out another cry of pain.

“Alright, come on.”

Without another word, the EMT took me by the arm and gently led me to the back of the ambulance. Each movement caused me more pain. He gently cooed and whispered in my ear that I'd be fine. Then he had me wait as he opened the door and climbed in side. With a little encouragement, I crawled into the ambulance, but the movement caused me more pain and I tried to keep from screaming.

When I was safely standing up right and leaning against the bed, he reached past me and closed the ambulance door. Then he pulled on a pair of latex gloves.

“That will give us some privacy.” His voice was firm, but gentle and without a trace of judgment.

I had a chance to look at his face. He had a tan complexion and dark hair. His cheeks were as plump as his belly, making him seem even more adorable and cuddly. My mind was a mix of confusion and feelings as I desperately tried not to mess in my pants.

“Do you need to pee?” He asked me, rummaging through a cabinet. Even though he was a medical professional, I still felt strange being so frank with him. But I answered, “I have to poop too.”

“Okay.” He didn't miss a beat as he crouched down and opened another small cabinet door. “Pull your pants down.”

“What?”

Things were moving so fast that I couldn't be sure I understood him. He placed a plastic bedpan on the bed and gave me a reassuring look.

“It's okay,” he said. “I've seen much worse. Here, let me help you.”

An entirely different bodily function took over as he reached for my hands and gently took them away from my body. He then undid the button on my khakis and the zipper. My body responded to his touch as he slowly pulled my pants and boxers down in one gentle movement. A rush of cool air touched my skin, making my hairs stand on end.

“Okay, lets get you over here.”

He placed his hands on my shoulders and guided me around the foot of the bed. It was tiny space, but he moved so gracefully and with such skill for his body size that I thought he must be the angel I had needed a few minutes earlier. He positioned me and then gently lowered me into a sitting position. My bare, exposed skin touched the cold plastic. With a little adjustment, I knew my anus to be correctly positioned.

“Okay buddy, just let go.”

The EMT gently placed a cold compress on my forehead. I didn't know I had a fever until then, but it sent such a wave of relief through my body that I forgot my momentarily embarrassment.

With a moan of relief, I felt my anus open. A slight push was all I needed and my bowels emptied into the bedpan. There was some of the pain again and I whimpered. Another wave emptied out.

“I'm sorry,” I whined.

With a smile, he just cooed in my ear and wiped my brow. When I was certain I had no more inside of me, he used his other hand to point my hardened penis into the pan. Even through the latex, I could feel his calloused hands and the action hardened me even more.

“Can you pee?” He asked, satisfied by my reaction.

I shook my head.

“That's okay, lets get this taken care of first.”

He had me stand up and he covered the bedpan with a towel before placing it on the floor. Then he asked me to lean forward as he took a wash cloth and began to wipe my bottom. I was surprised by the action. At my reaction to the gentle pressure against my sensitive nerves and to his kindness. He applied several more wipes, never once complaining about the smell or the inconvenience. His sensitivity and the sympathy of his actions were even more erotic than his touch.

“Now, why don't you lie back down.”

I obeyed his gentle voice and lay back against the bed, which put me in a both a sitting and standing position. Beyond the tinted windows, I could see the Dunkin Donuts across the street and a kind of childish pleasure came over me at the idea of my hardened dick in direct alignment with them.

The EMT had removed his gloves and was now rubbing some hand lotion into his hands. I swelled with anticipation of what was coming next.

He began kissing me. On the cheek at first, cautiously, as if he were afraid he had mislead me. Then I reached behind his head and pulled his face to my lips, giving him full reassurance that his assistance was appreciated as he slowly massaged my cock. He tasted of sweat and smelled of sweet shampoo and body wash. I thrust into his hand several times, kissing him as he kissed me. Then a new wave passed through my groin and this time, it wasn't the terrifying pain I had experienced earlier. It was an explosion of pleasure as I came into his hand.

“You're beautiful,” he said.

“So are you,” I replied. “You're my angel.”

He chuckled. A few minutes later, he pulled my pants back up, zipped and then buttoned them.

“I need to pay you back.” I said.

He shook his head. “I don't think Obamacare covers this.”

This time, it was my turn to gently guide him to the bed. I returned the favor, gently undoing his zipper and the button to his pants and slowly pulling them down to reveal his own cock hard and waiting. I helped him lay back down on the bed and gave him once last kiss.

“No,” I said. “I swore to myself I wouldn't go to the bathroom without buying something to eat.”

Without another word, I leaned over and took him into my mouth.

