The Desperate Jedi: A Star Wars Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-07-19 21:42

Introduction:

High above the skies was a Resistance cruiser soaring through the vacuum of space, onboard was the girl that just got awarded the title of the last Jedi and that being Rey. Now this last Jedi is not what you would expect, the girl is 19 years old and is just turning 20 quite soon and she is not your average 19 year old girl.

Rey lived on the desert planet known as Jakku and has been there her parents left her there as a small child. As Rey grew old her parents didn’t come back and also she would discover that being a scavenger would be the only way to make money, which gave her a job and she would obtain more items than the other scavengers and made her more wealthier.

Rey now gave up her rich lifestyle on Jakku to help the Resistance defeat the First Order, but there are many things she misses from Jakku. Most people would have friends there that she knew and liked, but not Rey she was more of a loner, a kid that didn’t fit in with others. She wasn’t properly potty trained until the age of sixteen and this was a reason why she didn’t fit in, she was bullied by a lot of people when she caught trying to hold it back and every time she was desperate to go in the Town there she would always have an accident.

Currently, she can successfully hold in urges to pee so much better and being a scavenger awakened a fetish, Jakku is super hot and the last Jedi would have to drink so much water and sometimes resulting in major accidents and after the time where it was so hot and everything stuck to her body, she could take her belt off and she was right in the Jakku public bathroom where she had her first accident since the age of 7.

At that time she was very mortified by this, but when time went on she started to enjoy it more and which led her to obtain a naughty side to her where she would get desperate and would embarrass herself for pleasure. No one ever saw her do these naughty things because she lived isolated from the rest in an old AT-AT Walker from the battle that took place a long time ago.

Even though she got richer and richer from her job, she never used it to buy a better home, one with an actual toilet in it, but no because even though she’s been waiting for her parents to come, she really needed to get off that planet.

The Story:

The cruiser was a magnificent ship, it’s big interior could hold up to one million people or even higher, but it had no bathroom on it. Rey uses the second shipment station as a private area to practice the ways of the Force, now she’s been at it for almost an hour and she regularly takes breaks to have a drink to sustain herself while training.

She’s wearing her dark grey Jedi robes, with a lighter grey pants under her robes and white panties. She swings her lightsaber again and a familiar feeling coming on, the young girl freaks out as she quickly works out what it is and that is she’s desperate to pee. Rey a lover of humiliating herself for her own private viewing (omorashi) gets so turned on by the event, she goes to check the bathrooms because no one would be able to see her doing that in a stall.

Anyway to her dismay, she was absolutely devastated to find out there was no bathrooms aboard, she runs to the front of the ship where General Leia was an when arriving she asks her “When are we going to arrive at the new Resistance base?” and Leia replies “Rey we aren’t even close, we still have to bypass the asteroid field, the vortex and then we arrive. Is something the matter?” Rey doesn’t want to tell her that she needs to go, but agrees to tell her, “Yes I have to pee so badly, I drank too much water while training.”

“Rey, I was young too, I’ve had many accidents that only Luke and Han knew about, I was into it as well. I can see you enjoy it, so did I, in my youth I could stop doing it, I even remember the time I was the leader of the Rebel Alliance and I would ban myself from even using the toilet and to hold it in for eternity.”

The last Jedi felt very happy that someone she knew loved the same fetish and she went to sit down somewhere and wait upon arrival. The ship just entered hyperspace to access the asteroid field and the pilot had to have the ship do all these funky turns and twists to manoeuvre passed the asteroids. This made Rey to loose control just for a bit, but she managed to regain it back and could successfully hold it in through the twists and turns.

As the ship made it through that Rey’s bladder had increased dramatically to it almost being full and this worried her because she hates to public humiliate herself to death as it was something that got her bullied by people on Jakku. The ship had to just go into the vortex to get to the planet, in words it seems not that long, but in reality it is long. The cruiser once again entered hyperspace and shot into the vortex, then it had to go straight to the exit and then you have arrived.

The desperate Jedi was getting ready for it, by now her bladder was so full that she started to lightly tinkle and she quickly grabbed herself before she could release more out. The ship already was like halfway through it and Leia suggested to the pilot to go to hyperspace again to get out quicker, he didn’t back from her order and it happened.

Rey was stunned to find the ship would now get there fast in hyperspace and started get hope that she could make it on time. By now it was out of the vortex and arrived at the secret new Resistance base and the young girl was thrilled by this, in no time the cruiser landed in the hanger. The desperate Jedi pushed pass the other people to be let off first and ran until she could see the bathroom, there was one packed to the rafters with female Resistance officers all queued in one big massive line.

She spotted most officers having accidents and stopped her mind from thinking about it and ran to find the others, there was one again with a long queue, then one with an even bigger queue to the first one and then one that had no queue. She ran towards the no queue one and was shocked to read that it could only be opened by a key nd there was no way she would be running to the other side to fetch the keys off Leia. Pssssssssttttt! She felt herself leak again, she lifted up her robe to see that it was starting to make an outline on her pants, then she noticed that the was a forest and decided that she would go in there.

She ran as fast as she could into the forest, she ran as far from the base as possible and there was a massive cliff where she stopped. She realised if she jumped over it she would sacrifice her chance to go and so she ran to the nearest tree and proceeded to strip down and then squatted behind it and peed. Psssssssssssssssssstttttttttttt! It was so warm and she couldn’t believe she made it, but then her naughty side took over and stood up still letting it out and decided to pull up her panties back on and let the rest into her damp white panties.

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-07-25 22:28

Two years have passed and there has been no sightings for Finn and Poe as of now, Rey has been fearing for them as you don’t know what could have happened to them, could they have taken prisoner to the First Order? She grew tired of fearing for them that the last Jedi went to General Leia’s courtiers to tell her that she and Chewbacca should go searching the whole galaxy for them, which she agreed to it and let two brave heroes on death defining mission, Rey has never been on a rescue mission so there’s something new.

As of today the Millennium Falcon left the Resistance base and into the air. Later on in depths space, the ship sailed magnificently, but all of a sudden the ship started to feel very hard to steer, she knew exactly what’s going on, “Chewy we need to make an emergency stop somewhere, could please?” Chewy spoke in shyriiwook ( the native language of the Wookiee’s) which translates to ‘yes’.

Chewbacca went to search up all known galaxies near the location and found that planet Abrion (a desert planet) of the Vortex Star System, with one push of a button the Falcon was in hyperspace and when it exited hyperspace, Rey couldn’t help it , but the ship had to crash land onto the planet if she wanted to make it before they lost complete fuel and are stuck here.

As the Falcon flew into the planet it was a rough flight in with all shaking and it was so good that she didn’t have to pee because if she did as soon as this ship crashed landed her whole white Jedi robes pants would be absolutely drenched in piss. Anyway as they crashed landed, Chewy was told not to follow his companion unless she would contact him.

Rey was absolutely hot and it reminded her of her days on Jakku, where she would be doing her household jobs naked and spent the whole day naked at her house just because where she lived was one of the hottest parts on Jakku and not to mention the one who used to live there was hot to in a different meaning. She was dying of thirst, but she couldn’t believe how she missed the feeling of walking on sand and makes it’s way into your shoes.

Just then a town spotted the eyes of the Jedi and was pleased, when arriving she walked into the nearest bar to order some water and she used a Jedi mind trick to not pay for it, as she didn’t have any money except her credits from Jakku stationed in the Falcon and she ordered more and more to quench her thirst. As the deed was over Rey exited the bar and processed to find someone to fix her problem, after a few minutes later, a familiar feeling took control of her and knew exactly what it was she needed to pee. There she spotted a sign saying ship repair and went inside and told the man on duty what she needed help with.

The guy went through the back and asked for Rey to follow him, out the back was the man’s speeder bike that the both of the hopped on to go to back to the Falcon. When arriving, he hopped off and said “easy fix” and Rey was dead silent, now she couldn’t use the bathroom yet, because where he’s operating has the bathroom pipes near him and would be covered in piss if she would have gone know, so she chose to wait as usual.

As time went on her desperation was doubling and the guy was still fixing, it’s not like she’ll steal the man’s speeder bike to ride back into town to use a public restroom. By now if you X-rayed her or asked her to strip you will find the biggest bladder bulge underneath her flimsy white robes and it could get bigger if this man kept working slower.

Now just by her luck the guy was finished and walked up to her and said “Sorry about that seems it wasn’t an easy fix, but isn’t this Han Solo’s ship?” Rey was absolutely stunned by this and had to lie because he might be part of the First Order, “Yes it was, but I’m his daughter and allowed me to inherit it.” Luckily he did not ask her for her name and anyway he said “Oh that’s cool, you can have this fix for free”.

Before Rey could say thank you, he left on his speeder bike in a hurry, as soon as he left she slid her hand into her pants and felt that her bulge doubled and she needed to go fast, she couldn’t believe how she could hold it in for so long, she knew that you can use the force to hold it in more, but she could maintain a long wait without using it, did she upgraded her holding capacity on Jakku without her knowing.

She walked in and tried to take her mind of water or relaxation, but those were the only things she could think about because she seriously had to go and making her more desperate to go didn’t feel so good. Rey felt leaks escape her ascending in size and was starting to feel worried because if she had an accident now that’s what Poe and Finn would see.

If this wasn’t a rescue mission she would have wet herself on purpose while piloting, she doesn’t like people to know about her secret fetish and imagine not having that super strong bladder, just imagine how horrible that would be especially horrible if Ren knew and would use this on her in their next battle.

Rey opened the door to bathroom and then spent taking her robes off her stretched out body, but managed to even though she leaked a lot. She was just about to sit down when the pain of her stretched out bladder felt even worse, it felt like someone was forcefully choking her or the feeling of two lightsabers hitting each other. It was just a matter of seconds to go and she knew she better sit down before she gets it on the floor, as she gently plonked her big sexy ass on the toilet her waterfall explode, it was even warmer than the sensation of the one in the woods of the Resistance Base.

Every drop felt like the hot fiery lava on Mustafar, yes it was that hot! She couldn’t help to shed some tears of joy and she spent almost a full hour in there, but that did worry her. What was going on in her mind was why did she choose white robes if she chose black no one would be able to see the damage that she caused.

To Be Continued...

*002*2020-08-07 22:22

As soon as Rey existed her long time in the bathroom, Chewy already put in a course for hyper-speed to the last known whereabouts of Finn and Poe. Rey was absolutely scared when arriving because this system is owned by The First Order and that explains where her friends were and why they haven’t reported back to base.

All of a sudden the force draw her and the supreme leader Kylo Ren together and Rey so frightened after her said the line “Hello Rey”. She was still trembling and she hasn’t been this afraid of him since they first meet and she still vividly remembers that she fear wetted herself while he was revealing his true identity to her. The memory played in her head and was starting to traumatise her and she was getting very shaky while her memory was active.

Not so long after this the force broke connection and regained her strength, which made her feel much better. Shortly after this she felt the ship move, but knew it wasn’t her or her co-pilot, she knew that the Falcon was getting taken into by a tracker beam heading into the nearest First Order Star Destroyer.

Her gut feeling served her well as it came true, she grabbed her lightsaber and was ready to find her friends. The docking bay was full of Stormtroopers patrolling the area and the led into a fearsome battle between them and the young girl. Obviously the girl won and then the Wookiee and her spilt up to find the two Resistance members, the girl went on the the left and the Wookiee went on the right.

Rey continued up until arriving at a very large conspicuous door and thought her friends could be tied up there. Throughout the walk she took no signs of Stormtroopers were following her or hiding to attack her while she’s not looking, but no there were absolutely no signs of enemies around her.

She damn well knew it was probably a trap, but she still continued and felt scared shitless while getting closer to the door. She opened it and there was Poe Dameron tied up, she walk over and bent to take off the mask piece off him and then his chains, but while she did that someone knocked her unconscious.

She woke up later and found herself in restraints with nothing but her panties on and then Ren walked in Rey was absolutely scared shitless as he advanced closer and closer to her, she fought back the urge to be scared and calmed herself down. Ren know was face to face with her and he spoke “Really FT-N2-84N you really had to strip her? The deal was to have her tied up in all her clothes, you idiot! I get your horny towards beautiful girls, but why? This is a integration not some sexy sex scene alright!”

“Fuck you! Anyway Rey, I feel your fear. I know your frightened by me and I know your destiny as the last remaining Jedi. Why not let the Jedi crumble into darkness and I’ll teach you the proper ways of the force. “No! I won’t I made a promise to Luke Skywalker that I protect the Jedi order and to bring balance to the force, just like what Anakin Skywalker did. “How dare you speak the name of my grandfather, so if you not going to join me by me speaking calmly to you, then I’ll just have to torture you.”

Kylo placed his hand out and manoeuvred it towards Rey’s crotch, “If you won’t join me, then I’ll humiliate you until you do.” He tightened his grip and she could feel her bladder was filling up very quickly, Ren was using the force to speed up the process. As quickly as that her whole bladder was full, but Ren did not he kept going, the pain was enormous, even more than her big desperation earlier. She was in so much pain and not to mention but her bladder was getting over fuelled, she in danger now, her bladder was now completely passed the capacity as her almost accident today, she started to leak as more came into her body.

This became a repetitive thing and when Kylo stopped a massive puddle started to form around the restraints, she now had the biggest wetting ever. Rey really got turned on by the experience that she actually requested for more and she had wonderful time.

She heard a roar and sounded like Chewbacca and then she felt a big punch, strangely she found herself in the Falcon and it wasn’t in a docking bay. Rey was feeling very weird and then she she reopened her eyes and saw there was a large puddle that formed all around her seat and on the floor of the Millennium Falcon. She saw the ship was now in hyperspace and realised that she’s been asleep for more than an hour because the light to the bathroom was still on since the last time she used it and also she was still wearing her damp panties that she wanted to change earlier.

She just realised that she made up the whole integration scene with Kylo Ren in her dreams and got up to get out of her wet clothes. She stood in the mirror to see that her whole crotch area of her white Jedi robes pants was completely stained yellow and her panties colour changed from white to yellow. She stripped down until there was absolutely nothing on her and wiped all the piss of her body and then got changed in her grey Jedi robes and went commando for this one for fun.

She reported back to Chewy where she cleaned up her mess and piloted the ship to the planet Rodath, which is where General Leila said they last contacted her there and it’s a First Order operated planet, so Rey would have to watch out or her dream might become a reality.

To Be Contined...

*003*2020-08-15 21:42

Rey was busy piloting the ship, when she felt an urge to shit. Rey knew that she must make it or if she didn’t, then her robes would smell like shit. She knew she shouldn’t of eaten that large meal at the Resistance base, the ship landed no so long after this with relatively ease and she knew that her urge would cost her if she didn’t make it. Rey told Chewy to wait outside, while she went to check on her diaper stockpile, but there was absolutely nothing left. If she had some her urge wouldn’t worry her anymore.

When she left the doors of the Falcon, she hoped that there was somebody in town that sold diapers. The two of them walked into town by now Rey was getting more and more desperate to shit, she could feel her drool starting to increase in size. When they finally reached town the last Jedi was about to explode and needed the bathroom ASAP, but to dismay the signs were all in the planet’s native language and she couldn’t understand it. She did not want to run up to locals asking them what does that mean because she wouldn’t make it if she did.

She ran as fast as she could she gripped her ass firmly and tightly while doing so and ended up in the middle of nowhere. She quickly dug a whole massive hole and pulled her robes off, in seconds her exploded and her large logs formed on the course sand and she imagined the whole ordeal as if she was sitting on the Falcon’s toilet doing this. When she finished she used the force to wipe her dirty ass and used it again to bury her load.

She regrouped with Chewy and was prepared for anything to happen. She heard a Stormtrooper radio going off and stopped to listen to it, “Stormtrooper DN2487, Ren has appointed you to look after the prisoners. It was here when Rey spotted her friends tied up in shackles, the very thought proved anger, but she knew she should keep a low profile instead of racing in there and risking your own demise.

She was scared that her friends would maybe be killed and she did not want her dream to become a reality, especially the part where Supreme Leader Kylo Ren forces her to humiliate herself in front of him. She snuck up on them and killed them instantly and freed her friends, now that they all were hear they had to run back to the ship. While running past Rey found the diaper store and stole a few to take back to the ship and just to let you know the whole shop was nearly all cleaned out.

The young girl was now happy that she got some, even though it was illegal how she obtained them. When they got back to the ship, she ran straight to the bathroom to hide the diapers and by the time she finished everyone was onboard. Rey ran to the main control system and began the Falcon’s, flight back to the Resistance base. When they left the small desert planet and ascend into the sky. There were thousands of Star Destroyers around them, the pilot’s leg shook in a sign of fright, Rey was very scared of everything going on she knew that the path she was following would end up with her fear wetting herself.

She steered the ship under each Star Destroyer and planted bombs under them and once she placed them on every ship, she made the jump to light speed where it activated the bombs and it went off causing a massive explosion to form and escaped with ease. Rey came back to normal, she felt safer now and her fear wetting urge died away and not so long after they reached the base.

Her mission was accomplished and she knew exactly what to do next...

Ajan Kloss (Resistance Base) 9:30 tomorrow morning:

Rey began her daily training in the jungles of Ajan Kloss amd conveniently was the same place where she just made it in time on the first day of arriving here. She’s busy training to use her lightsaber in combat and she’s obviously putting her all into it she’s wearing her white Jedi robes on again, but this time she’s wearing one of her diapers on underneath, just in case for emergencies.

She now finishes her training and we see her all sweaty and can tell how desperate she is to pee. She breathing heavily from her intense workout and reaches the end of the cliff where she uses the force to strip down until she only in her diaper. In a matter of seconds the diapered 19 year old Jedi starts peeing, a warm stream takes her by surprise and causes her moan silently. She moans harder when a visible yellow patch starts growing in size, by the time she finished her whole diaper was so flooded that spurts running down her legs. She took it off and it created a simulation of her having another waterfall stream spilling out and threw the wet stained diaper off the cliff.

Rey continued training for an hour, but this time she was in her pyjamas she wore on Jakku, which meant that she wasn’t wearing anything... She was naked! She regularly took brakes to drink some water and to enlarge her hold capacity by using the force, which Kylo used on her in her dream. Soon after she was trying to connect with the force and at the same time she started peeing and in doing this made her relax with the force. To her, her fetish was just something that she did not only use to please her, but often used it as a tool to find peace.

To Be Continued...

*005*2020-08-22 22:13

As time faded Rey kept training every day because if she was going to have another confrontation with Kylo Ren, she must be well prepared in advance On a side note she loved the feeling of the warm breeze hitting her on her naked body (something she missed on her life on Jakku). Every morning and afternoon, she would train naked and this was something she looked forward for every day. Rey knew that her love for being a nudist was something that kickstarted her wetting fetish because when she lived on Jakku, where she would go to the toilet naked mostly every day and also made her enjoy the warm feeling of the air on her and the warmth of her hot golden pee.

Days passed and Rey started become so attached to her fetish again, you can argue that her love was restored while with Luke Skywalker on Ahch-To because the hut she stayed in had no bathroom, but Luke’s did. So there would be this ongoing conflict between them for his new padawan to go to the bathroom, most of the times he did not let her go and Rey would have an accident, but she wondered why he did this? Was it because Leia was into wetting herself that he’s living on past memories to keep him alive?

As time went on she started to enjoy Luke’s bathroom privileges, which to her shaped her to become naughty again. A number of days went and Rey was sent by Leia on a training simulation if the First Order captured Resistance members, this topic didn’t seem hard for her because she just did one and she completely aced it, anyway she spent a few days here until she left to locate Ren.

She spent a long time waiting for Chewy to arrive, which she drank two waters to hydrate herself. Later on in the voids of space, Rey started to feel an urge to pee, but knowing her she just brushed off lightly. She had to reach the star system of Utunt, which was the last known location of Kylo Ren. The last Jedi pressed the hyperspace button which transported them to the planet quickly, but when the Falcon exited hyperspace Rey’s bladder grew from 0% - 10% and again she put it aside.

She steered the Millennium Falcon to land on the planet, once the ship landed, her bladder was almost reaching 20%. This startled the young girl to think she better think about going soon before meeting with Ren. Since, she had that dream where he forced her to wet herself made her more afraid of him and didn’t want this to become reality.

The two of them started walking up the colossal mountain, which was patrolled by an army of Stormtroopers. One Stormtrooper spotted them, which ended up becoming a whole battle, where Rey fought her best against them, but her bladder was about 25%. When Rey and Chewy defeated them all, her bladder grew 10% more, which worried the last Jedi because she better go before her big battle, which she’s been training for hours on repeat.

As the two of them advanced up another swarm of Stormtroopers came, but this time with shields and tasers, the constant hitting and shocking made Rey’s bladder grow to 55%. When she stood up she felt she almost contained a full bladder, after a length battle, she was just about full (78%). They continued to advance higher, but the young girl kept growing and couldn’t think she could make it. When reaching to the halfway point to the top, her urge was 89%, which gave her a big bulge.

The poor girl if you were there you would feel sorry for her as by now it was 93% going to 94% and it was so hard for her to walk now. So she grabbed her crotch in absolute desperation and walked up hoping she could make it up without loosing control. By now there was about 12 steps to go and she was about to reach her limit, where it currently sat on 98%, her bladder start to become fuller and fuller every second she lay her foot on. She managed to reach the top at 99% and then she wanted to go because she knew she wouldn’t get the chance to do so. She ran to the edge of the cliff, which released squirts of piss into her panties and when she finally arrived it was at 100%.

She quickly untied everything and squatted on the edge where she released her urge out, which took a whole hour to get out of her body. As she was letting it go Kylo Ren’s Tie-Fighter appears out of nowhere and starts firing at Chewy and the peeing Jedi. Rey uses the force to counter Ren’s firepower back at him which causes him to crash, but he managed to jump out. He landed right on the top, Chewy tried his best to defend his ally and managed to damage him, but Ren used a force push to disarm him and to hurt the poor Wookie.

Rey was still taking care of her business, but she couldn’t let her co-pilot and close ally Chewbacca die, so she used the force to put her pants back on to fight Kylo Ren, although she was still urinating, but now it was in her pants. She managed to defeat Ren and force pushed him down the mountain, by now her Resistance training clothes grey pants was completely covered in piss. Strangely when she has an accident it somehow makes her remember her time she spent on Jakku that built her personality to be and though she had many things she hated from that life, she’ll always regard it as the best life she ever had.

The End...

(But not the character)

