Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 8

Author: Poowrite

*183*2015-07-23 04:13

Ohmigod, I'm so sorry about the delay. I've spent every free moment for the past month or so in Eorzea. I never forgot about Dawnswall, but... I just couldn't pull myself away from FFXIV.

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Mostly Empty / Mostly Empty

“Uh, I don't know...” you say, frowning. “You've still got an open wound. Wading through streams carrying garbage and... other unpleasant things seems like a good way to make sure it starts to rot. The undead are dangerous, but unlike wound rot we can see them coming. We can protect each other. Besides, there might be citizens still out on the streets, right? We might be able to save a few lives if we stay on the streets.”

“Those are good points,” Lucius agrees with a sheepish laugh. “You did such a good job on my wound, I had forgotten that I had it.”

The two of you make your way through the shadows, picking your way through cobbled streets and alleys of hard-packed earth. The moon and stars provide ample lightning, and as you make your way toward your destination you marvel at the density and variety of the buildings. The structures are packed together so tightly that sometimes, there is barely enough room for Lucius to pass through the space between them. Some of the buildings have signs advertising various shops and services. Many more do not. You wonder what their purpose might be. Warehouses of some sort, perhaps? As expected, perhaps, the city is dotted with temples. Most are small and empty, all of them bear the sunburst of Mykona. The streets seem completely deserted, though you see light flickering in a few of the windows.

“We've passed more temples than I can count, but they all seem empty. Shouldn't there be Priests there, guarding the citizens,” you ask.

“Small temples like these ones aren't going to offer much protection. At least not for very long. No supplies. Most of the Priests have probably gathered as many people as they could and moved Temple Dawn, or are held up in one of the larger temples in this area,” Lucius explains. “There's one around here somewhere,” he says. “Anyway, we should be on our guard from here on. We still have a walk before we reach the graveyard, but some of the undead might have wandered this far in. Plus, those buildings,” he points to a line of structures illuminated by the pale glow of the moon, “are used to tend the newly dead. We-”

A shrill cry pierces the night, cutting Lucius off. It echoes eerily, shattering the illusion of calm that had settled over Dawnswall. You see vague silhouettes peer out of the few lighted windows for a few moments before disappearing. No one is eager to get involved. No one, that is, except for Lucius.

You and he exchange a quick glance, then he bolts off in the direction of the scream. You have little choice but to fall in line behind him. Together you hurry through the moonlit streets, the occasional cry guiding you. You burst out of a tight alley into a market square. The ground stretches out before you, paved by cobblestones. A fountain decorates the center of the square, though it isn't running at this time.

On the other side of the square, illuminated in a shaft of moonlight, you can see a trio of ghouls like the ones you encountered in the inn surrounding a group of humans. A fourth monster, this one about a head taller than the others with smooth, gray-ish skin and empty black eyes watches. You are struck with the strange notion that this creature is supervising the others.

You can see that there are three people. A young girl leans over a prone figure, but they are too far away for you to make out any finer details. A frail looking man stands before her in a poor fighting posture. He holds a small blade that glimmers occasionally as it catches the moonlight. ”A family? If that's the father and the daughter, then is the third person the mother? Are we too late...”

As you finish the thought, one of the ghouls lunges forward. It leads with the head of its spear. The man, paralyzed by fear, doesn't even move as the weapon drives into his belly and bursts out his back. The girl's screams pierce the night, drowned out only by Lucius' roar of anger.

From the corner of your eye, you catch a flash of movement as the big man rushes forward, his sword drawn. His angry roar having already alerted the undead, you've lost the element of surprise but distracted the creatures... perhaps long enough to save the girl's life. Always assuming you don't lose your own...

1. Support Lucius with magic from afar.

2. Charge in behind him!

3. Focus on getting between the monsters and the girl.

4. Other

Calista's Bowel has gone from Empty to Mostly Empty

*192*2015-07-27 04:47

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Mostly Empty / Mostly Empty

You watch as Lucius closes the gap between himself and the three ghouls quickly, barreling into their midst like a human battering ram. The shill cries of the terrified girl mix with the sounds of combat as battle erupts around her.

You react at once, drawing the aether into yourself and using it the add fuel to Lucius' strength. Your arcane talents lack the oomph of a Priest's blessing where strength enhancement is concerned, but your spell should help give Lucius an edge. At least, you hope so.

You are relieved to see that the ghouls are smart enough to recognize Lucius as a threat, and they turn away from the girl. Two with spears lead the attack. They thrust their weapons forward, but Lucius easily turns one aside and sidesteps the second. The third ghoul comes in on his flank with a dagger, and you see the moonlight glinting on the blade as it slashes across Lucius' shoulder. His grunt of pain is swallowed up by the screaming and the sounds of battle, but from what you can see the sell-sword's armor protected him from the bulk of the damage.

Lucius drives his elbow hard into the knife-wielding ghoul's face, sending it stumbling backwards. One of the spear wielding ghouls thrusts again, but Lucius catches the spear by the shaft. He pulls hard, and the ghoul is yanked toward him. The ghoul bumbles past Lucius as it tries to find its balance, giving the sell-sword its back. Lucius brings his sword down hard in a diagonal chop. The blade cleaves the creature from the right shoulder all the way down to the center of its chest. Lucius kicks it savagely in the back, sending it's lifeless body sliding of his sword as he turns to engage the remaining ghouls.

When it appears that Lucius will indeed be able to handle the three ghouls, you turn your attention to the remaining creature. The sleek gray skin and black eyes make it look like something from another plane of existence . Even from a distance, you can see that it would easily stand a head and a half taller than yourself, and though it carries no weapons you can imagine that with it's size and bulk simple punches and kicks would enough to make short work of an opponent.

The big creature starts forward, making for Lucius. You bring your hand up, index and middle finger together and pointed at the monster, serving as a focal point as you bring your magic to bear.

Before you can unleash the spell the creature's head snaps toward you, as if it had sensed your use of magic. Apparently deeming you a bigger threat than Lucius, it suddenly charges you. The sudden explosion of motion catches you off guard and you flinch reflexively just as you unleash your spell. Bluish-white light illuminates the entire square as a bolt of lightning flashes from your fingertips.

Though your aim had been disrupted, the spell hits the creature in the left arm. It's ear-splitting screech chills your blood. It sounds more annoyed than injured. Fortunately, the impact of the spell knocks the monster off balance, and when it's right arm comes whooshing across in a horizontal swing apparently meant to separate your head from your shoulders you are easily able to duck out of the way.

You glide backwards, putting a few feet between yourself and this new monstrosity, giving yourself some breathing room. You are unsurprised to feel a familiar pressure in your bladder. After all the magic you had used in the battle at the inn you had been expecting this, but you had hoped that when you felt this urge you wouldn't be locked in mortal combat, burning through aether and making things worse.

The strange creature faces you, and forces you to put thoughts of your bladder to the back of your head. You had more important things to deal with at the moment, but you find yourself unsure how to deal with them. An all out offensive assault might work. You were among the few who could effective weave magic into her swordplay, and it had served you well against opponents who were clearly so much stronger than you in the past. Of course, if you were focusing on using magic offensively you wouldn't be able to create powerful shields. If the creature hit you, it could do significant damage. Maybe a defensive approach would be smarter, at least until you knew about the monster's capabilities. Of course, Lucius seemed experienced with undead. Assuming this creature was undead, maybe he knew what you were up against and could give you some pointers? Though, asking him would distract him from his own battle...

1. Fight offensively!

2. Fight defensively

3. Ask Lucius for advice.

4. Other.

Calista's bladder has gone from Mostly Empty to Full.

