World of Warcraft - Random Short Stories (Messing) - Page 3

Author: DsGSilver

*050*2018-07-17 02:55

I come bearing news. The next chapter is almost ready, and will either be the final or penultimate chapter in this series. It's gonna be a long one. As for what's next, I was thinking of more or less retiring these characters from the spotlight (they will still show up from time to time), and exploring a different cast (maybe Horde this time). The main idea was to explore more of the world (of Warcraft) and the various races, without just continually adding new members to an over-large party. So, with that in mind, did anyone have any preferences for the kinds of races/characters they might like to see in a sequel series? Or do you guys like the current cast and want them to stick around? I'm open to whatever suggestions/feedback you got.

But of course, I still haven't finished the ending, yet. As an apology for how long I'm taking with this, I figured I'd post the first few pages of the finale to give you guys something to chew on. Hope you enjoy.

###

Leris supposed she was somewhat thankful for just how hot Stranglethorn Vale was. After their “daring” escape from the naga, the duo had jumped from the ship, then swam back to shore. Now, hardly more than an hour later, any trace of wetness had all but vanished. The stains however, were going to take some thorough washing, she realized, as she stared at the slightly yellowed fabric of her pants. Shooting a quick glimpse at Shay, Leris was not envious of her situation.

The normally red fabric of her First Mate’s pants were similarly discolored down the middle, but a dark brown stain was smeared across her backside. All the walking they’d been doing had flattened out the bulge, so it wasn’t very visible, but there could be no doubt that she’d heavily soiled her pants.

Speaking of walking, they hadn’t stopped moving since they escaped the ship. They didn’t even know where they were going, they just wanted to be anywhere else. They were far enough away, now, that Leris began to give some thought to where they were going next. There had to be more than a few bounties on her head, so going somewhere like Booty Bay without a full crew was suicide. Heading north would put them in Duskwood, which wasn’t safe, and even if it was, they’d be in Stormwind’s territory, who don’t look kindly on pirates.

All of her eggs were in one basket, and then a giant snake-witch came and smashed every last one.

“Shay...” Leris began. Speaking for the first time in a while made her realize just how thirsty she was, as a rasping cough followed her voice.

“Captain?” Shay replied, her voice just as hoarse.

“Where are we going?”

“I don’t know, Captain,” the First Mate responded, making it quite clear that the responsibility was not hers.

“Do you know anyone? Have a friendly aunt or uncle we could stay with until people forget what we look like?”

“None that are happy that I became a pirate,” Shay said flatly.

“Wonderful...” Leris brought her hand to her head, both to rub her temples and wipe away sweat. “Well, I guess we could-”

“There’s a camp!” Shay exclaimed suddenly, catching Leris’ attention. The pirate captain looked up to see that there was indeed an abandoned camp nestled in the trees up ahead. Deep smiles broke out on both women’s faces as they raced towards it, the thought of scavenging some food or water putting a halt to any other thoughts.

And food and water there was. Quite a lot of it. Several tents surrounded an extinguished campfire, and many bags of supplies lingered about the place. Leris began rifling through the bags, until she found a large canteen filled with water. She brought it to her lips and began happily chugging from it.

Once she had her fill, she turned to her companion, “Shay, do you… need some...” Shay was wobbling around with a befuddled look on her face. “Shay?” Leris took a step towards her companion. Shay seemed completely out of it; Leris wasn’t even sure she could hear her.

Wait… She thought, This is… SAP, she realized, all too late, as a furry hand was planted on her forehead, tilting her head back. A knife soon rested right next to her throat.

“Well, what have we here?” a voice asked in an icey Gilnean accent, “Two lost little pirates?”

The blade of the knife pressed hard into her throat. A single drop of blood ran from the small cut. Leris was suddenly aware of the gathering warmth between her thighs. Hot piss spilled into her panties, then trickled down her thighs. For the third time, not just in one day, but in one pair of pants, she had wet herself.

The rogue who held the knife sniffed the air, “Scared?” she asked. The sense of smell and the furry paw clicked together now, and Leris realized that this was a worgen.

“Who are you? Is this your camp?” Leris asked, trying to sound like someone who hadn’t just pissed their pants. Normally, she’d resist, she’d try to fight, but her strength and will had been completely drained by the last couple of days.

“A better question is: Is this your camp?” The worgen leaned in, her snout and many, sharp fangs entering Leris’ vision.

“... No...” Leris answered after a short moment.

“You were going through those bags like they belonged to you,”

“We were attacked. We needed the supplies,”

“So you took things that don’t belong to you. Like the pirate scum you are,” The worgen traced the knife up Leris’ throat as she spoke, forcing the pirate to tilt her head further and further back. After a moment, the knife reached her chin, no longer pressing into her throat.

The gesture was meant to intimidate and, to the worgen’s credit, it did. Leris, however, was a pirate, and pirates are nothing if not opportunistic. The knife was no longer hovering right at one of her most vital points, and she just might be able to get out of the hold she was in. As quick as she could, she put all of her strength into her left arm, then drove it backwards, into the worgen’s chest. The wolf woman grunted in pain, and stumbled backwards.

Leris bolted forwards, rummaging through the campsite for anything she could use as a weapon. Scanning each and every tent with all the intensity that time would allow. Her eyes landed on a small, serrated knife that lie on the ground. Leris picked it up, then turned around to see the worgen sprinting toward her.

The pirate swung her dagger in an arc, forcing the worgen to jump back. Seeing this development, the worgen drew her second dagger, turning it around, and holding it backwards. She seemed to be preparing for some move that Leris wasn’t familiar with. In a flash, the worgen ran forward, and used her twin knives to twist and turn Leris’ hand until her small knife was flung from her hand. The worgen made it look like the easiest thing in the world.

Leris stared in both disbelief, then fear, as she looked from the knife flying through the air back to the rogue that was advancing towards her.

“L-look, this is a misunderstanding,” Leris stammered out, feeling her body expelling what little urine was left in her in little spurts. She raised her hands in the most diplomatic way possible, and tried to smile. “My friend and I, we-we were attacked, we lost everything!”. The worgen continued walking towards her, tightening her grip on her knives. Leris began backing up. Cold fear surged through her as she backed up into something. A tree blocked her path. She swivelled her head around to look at the tree that possibly just sealed her fate, then back at the worgen. She raised her hands up, covering her face. Her stomach felt suddenly empty, and only a couple seconds later, anyone nearby would know why. An extremely loud squishing noise emanated from the cowering pirate, lasting for several seconds. Her panties became very heavy as they sagged with her mess, and she could feel the squishy weight spread across her bottom.

“How did you ever become a pirate captain?” Meryl sneered, raising her blade to strike.

“No, Meryl, stop!!” A distinctly dwarven voice called out.

Leris looked over with curiosity and relief at the dwarf who had made her way into the campsite. Leris also noticed a drying, yellow stain on the front of the dwarf’s robe. At least Shay and I aren’t alone… she thought.

“Why?” the worgen, Meryl, asked.

“Well...” The dwarf looked like she was trying to choose her words carefully. In the brief silence, a human woman in full plate armor made her way onto the campsite, surveying the scene with some fascination. The dwarf breathed a sigh of relief when she showed up, “Y’see, Cassie ‘n’ I have been talkin’, and we think we could use some help...”

“You’re not about to say that we should bring the pirates with us, are you?”

“They want their stuff back, and so do we,” the human said.

“I want my stuff back, and probably some of their stuff, too!” Meryl replied.

“And you also want to get our friends back,” The dwarf said emphatically.

“Of course, of course,”

“Even if we don’t work with them, we can at least get them to give us some information or something,” the human intoned.

The worgen woman growled in frustration, then backed away from Leris. She turned to face her, baring as much of her fangs and claws as possible, “Try anything, you pirate scum, and I’ll tear your throat out!”. Leris could only nod quickly.

Meryl and her cohorts huddled up and began discussing things. Leris glanced over at Shay, who was just coming back to the waking world. She was going to need an explanation.

$$

$$

*054*2020-09-26 23:53

{{11 hours ago, aeon6030 said:

Will the story be continued or that's it?

}}

I've thought of continuing it, but I can't say for sure that it's in the cards.

I'm pretty sure that I still have an old document lying around with plans for the finale, so I can dig that up and give it a shot.

Honestly, if people really want it, I can try and get it done.

*056*2020-10-06 06:14

So I found the document I mentioned. Not only did it contain a pretty comprehensive outline for the finale, but I completely forgot that I had actually written up the first bit of it. Since I might take a while to get the rest of the last chapter done, I thought I'd go ahead and post the beginning as a little treat.

###

“Disgust”, “Shame”, “Humiliation.”

These were all words that Ashiana thought she understood. Emotions she thought she was familiar with. Not so, as she had learned. The last hour of waiting in a prison cell with soaked, soiled, and sagging panties had taught her the true meaning of these words. During the time she’d been with the group, she’d seen the others, particularly Beili, would… sit down on their… releases, in order to flatten them. Supposedly, it made them much easier to manage, especially if you were in the middle of a dangerous situation. Ash gagged at the thought, sure that she would suffer a heart attack if she attempted such a thing.

She looked around, hoping for anything that could cut the bindings on her hands. She wondered if it was normal that her foremost priority was cleaning herself up as much as she could, as opposed to escaping. Then again, focusing most of her attention on her ruined underwear helped to distract her from her current predicament. They were captured by naga, some of the most vile and cruel creatures on Azeroth; A powerful sea witch meant to interrogate them further; Beili, her current only ally, was unconscious in a pool of her own urine and a pile of her own… mess.

Ash had briefly entertained the thought of moving her, to save her some dignity, but… Pandaren were heavy. Much too heavy for her to move about. Besides, she thought, Beili would probably be happier waking up in such a state. For as much as she generally did not care for the warrior’s company, she found she was sorely missing it now. Considering they were only bound with simple rope, Beili may well have been able to just rip her bindings apart only using her raw muscle. But even more than that, Ash found that, faced with the companionship of naga, that Beili perhaps wasn’t as terrible as she’d thought.

Indeed, the stoic night elf was beginning to feel a creeping panic taking over her mind. The more she thought about what was happening, the bleaker things seemed. In all likelihood, the witch was only holding them for as long as she needed to, and would promptly kill them the second she felt it was prudent to do so. Ash’s lie earlier had bought them some time, but it was not going to last.

Beili twitched suddenly, making Ash hope the warrior was finally waking up, but her heart sank when she realized that the pandaren was simply soiling herself further. A subtle squish could be heard as the massive bulge on her rear grew slightly. Beili hadn’t been very gentle on her panties, and the distended seat of them had turned from red to a mottled brown. Not that she could really blame her, though; anyone would’ve crapped their pants if they had been struck with a nearly lethal bolt of lightning. Ash supposed it was simply a side-effect of how much pandarens liked to eat, but she was still impressed that Beili had managed to find more to release, as the mound on her rear expanded one final time.

Ash turned away, doing her best to ignore the smell. Beili had made it quite well-known that she felt absolutely zero shame in soiling herself, no matter what company she was in, but Ash still averted her gaze in a pointless attempt to preserve some of the warrior’s dignity. She resumed pondering a means of escape. Ideas flitted through her mind, but most of the scenarios she imagined ended with a painful, lightning-based death. Without all of her equipment, her power had been drastically reduced, and it was already insufficient to defeat the Sea Witch. If things got violent now, she and Beili wouldn’t last a minute.

“Eeeeuuugh...” the pandaren groaned, catching Ash’s attention. She quickly turned to face Beili, and saw her eyes beginning to open. She’s awake! Beili brought her hand up and lightly massaged her forehead, clearly still in some pain. Ash channeled some of her remaining mana into a restorative spell to ease her friend’s pain. “Ash? What happened?” The pandaren spoke slowly, her voice strained.

“The Witch electrocuted you. You’ve been unconscious for a little while, now.”

“Electrocuted?” There was a peculiar glint in Beili’s eye that Ash couldn’t quite place. Beili wiggled her legs a little, sending ripples through the large puddle of urine she was lying in. Even through the dazed, confused, and agonized look on her face, Ash could make out the slightest suggestion of a smile. It appeared that her earlier supposition was correct: Beili did, indeed, enjoy waking up like this.

“Beili, there will be plenty of time for...” she momentarily averted her eyes, blushing slightly, “that, after we’ve escaped,”.

“Fair enough,” Ash was shocked to hear her agree. Perhaps the Witch had accidentally shocked some sense into the young warrior.

“I did think of something while you were out, but… it is risky.”

“That’s perfect, I love risky.”

Some energy had returned to her, and Beili finally pulled herself up and sat upright, squishing the mess in her panties audibly. Ash cringed when she heard it, then cringed even harder as she recalled the similar state of her own underwear.

“I don’t have a lot of mana left, but I think I have enough to singe the ropes on our wrists so we can break them.” She motioned towards the heavy metal door of the cell, “I should also have enough left to weaken the lock. If I do that, do you think you can break it open?”

“I live to break things.”

“Good. After that is the risky part. We killed several naga, but there are still plenty of them left. We’ll have to sneak around until we find wherever they’ve hidden our things.”

“And then?” Beili asked, “That Witch was way too strong for us, even when all of us were there.” Ash thought it strange to hear Beili of all people confess that there was anything she couldn’t defeat.

“We won’t be engaging her. We’re going to escape. I know a number of spells that can teleport us to safety, or, if need be, I can shapeshift into a bird capable of carrying you with me.”

“Then why don’t you just do one of those things now?” Beili fixed Ash with cynical eyes. A look that Ash happily returned.

“Because I used all of my mana turning a sea monster into paste! If I get my equipment back, then maybe it will give me the strength I need to do those things.”

Beili considered this for a moment, then shrugged, “Fine, fine. I want to get out of here, so go ahead singe away,” she stretched her arms outward, baring the rope for Ash. The night elf brought her slender fingers to the rope, and, with a slight gesture, an intense spark of energy formed on the bindings, burning into them. They both watched as the rope weakened, until, at last, Beili pulled her arms apart, and ripped through them. “Yes!” She exclaimed, prompting an urgent Shhhhhhh! From Ash. After a moment of fiddling with the druid’s bindings, Beili had managed to untie her, as well.

“Now for the door,” Ash said. Both she and Beili looked at the metal bars eagerly. Ash reached deeply into herself, and managed to pool together enough mana to launch a small sphere of wrathful nature energy at the door of the cell. The bolt slammed into the lock, warping it severely.

Beili smiled in anticipation, “My turn,” she walked forward, braced herself, raised her leg up, and kicked the door at its newly-created weak point. The metal gave way immediately with a rending sound, and the door swung open. “Yes!” Beili cried. Ash did not shush her this time.

*058*2020-10-18 20:45

{{21 minutes ago, Yellow Star said:

Dam it ! I love this stories ! So much different forms of wetting/soiling, and Warcraft is the perfect universe to perform this kind of writing. I'm hung on your character's adventures !

}}

Thank you!

{{21 minutes ago, Yellow Star said:

Also, It don't care anymore but can I suggest a character idea ? I'd love to see a gnome mage wetting (or plus) herself. With some kind of mage's clothes, big & malicious green eyes, pink blushing cheeks and white, green or pink short hairs. Looking like the one in this picture :

}}

Sure thing. I'm still slow about writing the next chapter, but I'll try and work your character in.

*060*2020-11-29 22:22

{{11 hours ago, Yellow Star said:

Any news about the futur of our adventurers ?

}}

It's coming along. I've been working on this along with a couple other stories.

College and the new WoW expansion have stolen a lot of my time, though.

*062*2021-06-04 16:28

{{21 hours ago, nagasaki said:

How goes the writing?

}}

Some pretty serious IRL stuff has come up in recent months, and it's been getting in the way of me doing very much in my free time, so it's been slow. I've been doing my best to keep working on this story and Lost to the Sea, though.

As always, I'm terrible at following deadlines, so I can't say when it will be done, but I am working on it.

And also as always, I appreciate the comments. Knowing people are excited for the story is a huge drive to keep making it, so I love to see them.

