HoloMess ~AmeSame~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-03-12 11:18

This story and the next couple will be involving HololiveEN. First, we have AmeSame pranking each other after Gura wets the bed. I think this is my longest story so far, you I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

“It’s NOT funny, Ame!”

“Hehehe, I don’t knooooww. I think it’s pretty funny.”

Amelia cackled to herself, trying not to completely burst out laughing at the sight in front of her. Gura, on the other hand, wasn’t amused in the slightest. Rather, she was embarrassed by the same predicament her girlfriend couldn’t get enough of. The small girl was standing next to her bed, in her pajamas, clutching a plush doll tight in her arms. Normally, the sight would’ve been one of the cutest sights a person could possibly witness, but there was one major issue: Gura’s crotch was wet, and not in a sexual way. Her pajama pants were thoroughly soaked with her own urine, and her bed wasn’t spared from the same fate, stained with a large, dark circle around the center.

“I’m sorry, but you really did a number on yourself! How could you piss so much and not wake up!” The blonde detective was having the time of her life, continuing to chastise the shark-girl until tears started forming in her eyes.

“Watson, you idiot! Get out, NOW!” Gura raged through her tears, forcing the other girl out of the room and slamming her door closed, making sure to lock it. Amelia realized she fucked up, having humiliated her girlfriend more than she already was, and knocked a few times on Gura’s door, calling her name until she eventually gave up. Returning to her room to get ready for the day, deciding she needed to go shopping.

Having taken off her wet clothes, the bedwetting girl had gathered her soiled sheets and put them in the washer, letting it run. She wanted to give Amelia a piece of her mind, but she was nowhere to be seen. Slightly disgruntled, she stepped into the shower to wash the smell of pee off of her. As she cleaned herself, she thought, “This was a one-time thing, right? I can’t be pissing myself at my age…” Her thoughts were cut short when she heard the door to the apartment open. “Ame must be home,” she said aloud, exiting the shower, drying herself off and putting on some clean clothes. Sure enough, the detective was waiting for her in the hall, and there was a bag next to her.

“Is that supposed to be an apology gift of something?” Gura scoffed.

“Uhhhh, not quite, but I’ll get to that later,” Amelia replied, to which the impossibly tiny girl returned a questioning look. Watson took her lover’s hands in her own. “I’m sorry. I know I messed up, and I feel really bad about it. I got ice cream while I was out, and we can get pizza tonight if you want.” Gura pouted, but she couldn’t stay mad at Ame. She leaned in for a hug, which was accepted with open arms.

After a bit, Gura’s attention returned to the bag at the plaid-dressed girl’s feet. “Soooooo, what’s in the bag?”

“Ah, uh, well, about that,” the ditzy blonde stumbled over her words because she knew she was about to ruin the moment. “It’s probably better if you just see for yourself. Just, don’t get mad at me, okay?”

“Uh, okay?” Gura peered into the bag, and no sooner did her face change into a face of anger. The bag contained a package that would make any adult embarrassed: diapers.

“Oh, so you think you’re sooooo funny, don’tcha Watson?” Gura death-glared at the detective.

“No, NO! That’s not it, I swear. It’s just, you know, in case it’s a… chronic issue,” Amelia tried her best not to divebomb her explanation, but still stumbled at the end.

Gura didn’t give her the chance to fully explain herself before retreating to her room once and locking the door, leaving a single note on it, saying, “I hate you, stupid.”

“Man, I really suck at this,” Amelia lamented to herself before retiring to her own room.

Inside Gura’s room, the shark had been hugging her pillow, swearing to get her revenge as soon as Watson was asleep.

Night had rolled around, and so the time had come for Gura to exact her revenge. She went to the bathroom and checked the medicine cabinet, sighing in relief that the crux of her plan was still there. The girl took the bottle of suppositories and moved her way to the sleeping girlfriend’s room. As always, the blonde was sleeping in the most awkward position possible, with her butt sticking straight in the air. Amelia’s tendency to always move around in her sleep was the major reason they didn’t sleep together, as Gura was a particularly light sleeper. Ame, on the other hand, probably wouldn’t wake up after being slapped in the face, which worked to the benefit of the blue and silver-haired girl’s plan. Gura slowly removed the detective’s pink underwear, and slowly inserted a tablet into her anus. Pulling the sleeping girl’s underwear back up, all Gura had to do now was wait.

And wait she did. And she waited until her patience started getting tested, and she started to doubt if her plan would even work. Just as she was about to throw in the towel, she heard a grunt come from the girl’s mouth, followed by several more. Her expression was pained, as if she was straining to get something out, and within a matter of seconds, Gura’s patience had paid off. A wave of mushy, gooey shit rushed out of Amelia’s ass and into her panties. The smaller girl could hardly believe what she was seeing, and had a harder time believing that she was starting to feel aroused. Pushing those thoughts from her mind, she took a picture with her phone and left before the room started to smell like a toilet.

Gura was awakened by an ear-piercing scream, coming from inside the apartment. Normally, she’d rush to she what was wrong, but not today. She knew exactly why Amelia was screeching. She made her way to the other bedroom, and opened the door quicky.

“Ame, what’s wrong?!” Gura acted surprised at the scene she was witnessing. The detective was in tears, standing next to her bed in the same was Gura was yesterday. Except this time, instead of pee, Amelia’s panties were undoubtably ruined by the massive amounts of feces which almost made her undergarments slide off from the weight. Needless to say, the bed didn’t fare any better. Taking the ironic moral high ground, Gura was quick to embrace her girlfriend in a tight hug.

“It’s okay Ame,” Gura consoled her lover for a while before she spoke up again, saying, “Let’s get you cleaned up.”

After the two shared a long and much needed shower, they sat against each other cuddling, watching the television, neither of them saying a word. After a while, Gura got up to use the restroom, but not before kissing Amelia on the forehead. Once she was gone, the detective shed her own veil of innocence. Her accident today and Gura’s accident yesterday were too convenient to not be suspicious. With no hesitation, she unlocked the shark-girl’s phone in hope of finding any evidence of a crime. It didn’t take long however, as the first thing see saw on the screen was a picture of her in her shit-filled underwear.

“She’s such a dummy sometimes,” she said aloud, turning the phone off and returning it to its original position.

Gura emerged from the bathroom feeling relieved, and returned to her cuddle spot with Amelia. After a bit, she spoke. “Hey Ame, we both have had some pretty shitty things happen to us recently, no pun intended. You reckon we’re even now?”

“I guess so,” the blonde replied.

“So then… truce?”

Amelia smirked devilishly. “Truce.”

Night had come fast, and both girls began to retire to their rooms. Amelia had ordered pizza and drinks like she had promised yesterday. Gura was more than pleased to chow down on her favorite food, which set things in motion for Watson’s own plan. Little did the shark-girl know that Ame had spiked the girl’s food and drink with her own personal sleeping medication she had for her insomnia. She could tell it had worked by the way Gura had drunkenly stumbled into her room and onto her bed. Armed with one of the diapers she bought and a tube of superglue she had borrowed from Ina a while back, she was ready to initiate step two.

Amelia entered Gura’s room to find the girl snoring on the bed. Grinning, the girl stripped her lover out of her clothes and laid her spread-eagle on the bed. Being quick about her “counter-revenge”, she laced every side of the padding with the adhesive before taping it around the small girl, softly pressing it against her to make sure the glue had the chance to set properly. The detective knew Gura would need to relieve herself the next morning from all the pizza she ate, so she left the sleeping girl to her own devices, and went to bed herself, locking her door just in case.

Gura woke up, like she would any usual morning. As she sat up, she felt her body’s desperate need to poop. Unaware of the diaper around her waist, she made her way to the bathroom, lifting the toilet lid. She got ready to use the toilet when she had two revelations. The first revelation was that she was not wearing panties, but instead was wearing a rather thick diaper. Secondly, and most importantly, she couldn’t take the diaper off. After a few hard tugs at the immovable padding, she knew that it wasn’t going to come off with brute force. Unsure what to do, she yelled for the person responsible for such a prank.

“AMEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!”

Somehow managing to scream louder than Amelia did, the blonde girl appeared in the bathroom, with the largest smirk on her face.

“What did you do?!” Gura panicked as she struggled to free herself of her infantile prison.

“Got my revenge, that’s what. Now be a good girl and fill that diaper so we can get you changed,” Watson mused as she got her phone out in preparation of the incoming show.

Unable to hold in the contents of her bowels any longer, Gura started to involuntarily push a large mass into her diaper, similar in size and texture to the blonde’s own mess. Her head spun as she started to forcibly push the rest of her poop out just to be over with the experience. Once she had finished, the shark-girl had gasped for air, exhausted by the disaster in her underwear. She had crapped in a diaper, like a baby. Even worse, the glue made her unable to take the messy diaper off, rendering her completely at Ame’s mercy. Looking up at her captor, she was met with the flash of a camera, which now immortalized her humiliation.

Amelia once again let out a smirk of satisfaction. “Now we’re even.”

