Ashley and Alyssa- The Christmas Party

Author: omofan5

*000*2021-01-11 18:10

Hey everyone! I hope you enjoy this story about two sisters having accidents at a Christmas party (late I know lol). This story does feature messing below the third line break so if you're not into that you can avoid that section. I hope you enjoy!

When their parents told them they were going up to the mountains for Christmas, Ashley and Alyssa were thrilled. But when they were told the two of them were going to be sharing a room, they were less than thrilled. It’s not that the sisters hated each other, they simply had a typical sibling rivalry. And as two girls in their late teens it was still going strong. Today was the day of the big Christmas party, and all their close friends and family were going to be there. The place they rented was decently sized, however there was only one bathroom on the first floor. And if sharing a bedroom caused fights, sharing a bathroom caused even more.

“Can you just get out of the shower already?!?” Alyssa banged on the door. The first guests were about to arrive, and Alyssa wanted to use the bathroom before they showed up.

“One second! God!” Ashley shouted back, the shower still running. Being the older sister, Ashley felt as though her time and needs were more valuable than Alyssa’s. She knew her sister was just in the shower not fifteen minutes ago, so whatever she needed to do in here must not have been that urgent.

“The party is about to start! Just get out soon okay?!?” Alyssa went back up to their room to finish putting on her makeup. Five minutes later she was greeted by Ashley walking in. She was wearing a red coat with navy blue ripped jeans. Alyssa was also wearing ripped jeans, ones of a much lighter shade, for a top she wore a white turtleneck crop top, with a tan cardigan on top.

“I’m out of the bathroom now, so you can go before you piss your panties.” Ashley teased her sister.

“Don’t talk about my panties, weirdo.” Alyssa fired back.

“What? These panties?” Ashley saw her sister's panties peeking out over jeans. Seizing the opportunity before her, she grabbed the panties by the waistband and pulled upwards exposing her pink cotton panties, complete with a design of blue butterflies.

“Oh my God!” Ashley chuckled. “These are so cutesy! Where did you even get these?”

Alyssa couldn’t even respond to her sister's taunts, as she had a more pressing issue. That is, the waistband of her panties pressing into her bladder. Her sister yanked with such force that Alyssa bladder let out a spurt at the sudden pressure. Once she was able to get her bladder under control, Alyssa forced herself out of her sister's grip and pulled her panties back down into her pants.

“They’re the last underwear I had!” Alyssa replied, cheeks burning red because of her sister's taunts, the exposure of her underwear, and the spurt of pee that made its way into her panties. “I haven’t done laundry, I’m basically out of clothes!”

“Yeah, sure.” Ashley scoffed, making her way to the door, she was stopped by a tugging feeling on her panties. It was her sister getting her revenge. Now, Alyssa pulled Ashley’s panties up, revealing the thick red and white horizontal stripes that decorated them.

“Ooh, festive!” Alyssa teased.

“They’re meant to be for Christmas!” Ashley tried to get her panties out of her sisters grip, but Alyssa let them go, snapping the elastic back against Ashley.

“Whatever you say, Ms. Candycane!” Alyssa taunted as she pushed past Ashley to make her way down stairs.

Downstairs Alyssa could see that the first few guests had arrived at the party. She was stopped multiple times on her way to the bathroom, aunts, uncles, cousins, and family friends all seemed to want to catch up with her at the worst possible time. By the time she made it to the door of the bathroom her need to pee had gotten urgent. She was about to turn the handle before her mom popped up.

“If you need to use the toilet, it’s broken dear.” Her mother told her.

“What?!?” Alyssa exclaimed. “How is it broken?!?”

“You’re little cousin was messing around and put an entire roll of toilet paper in it.” Her mother explained. “And it turns out that there's no plunger here, your father went down to the store to get one but you know how far away it is.”

Alyssa did know how far away it was, thirty minutes at least. But judging by the feeling in her bladder she wasn’t sure if she could wait thirty minutes.

“I don’t really have much of a choice, do I?” She thought. “Just have to hold on until dad comes back with the plunger.”

Meanwhile, Ashley had found herself in the middle of a conversation with her friends when she learned the toilet was broken. She was sipping a glass of wine, something that her parents allow at parties like this, despite her not being drinking age.

“Well my dad better get back soon, wine flows right through me!” She joked with her friends.

“I heard your sister ask about the bathroom, honestly she kind of sounded like she needed it badly.” One of her friends told her.

“Ugh, she’s so childish sometimes.” Ashley mocked her sister. “She’s probably somewhere trying not to piss herself right now.”

Ashley was right, Alyssa sitting on the stairs away from the party. She was scrolling through her phone, with her head down, looking for a way to distract herself from her now urgent need to piss. Her legs were pressed tightly together and wrapped around each other, with one hand between them holding her crotch. She couldn’t believe how bad she needed to pee.

“Should I call dad? No, that’s not gonna make him come home any faster.” She thought to herself. “Plus I don’t wanna seem like I can’t hold it, but it’s getting really bad, what can I do?”

While Alyssa pondered this her bladder spasmed, threatening to leak once again. She dropped her phone and moved her other hand between her legs. She pressed her crotch and tightened her legs, this did enough to stop that wave. But she wasn’t sure what she would do about the other one.

“Am I actually gonna wet myself?” She couldn’t believe what she was thinking. “No. No way I do. Dads gonna come home with the plunger and I’m gonna make it.”

This wishful thinking didn’t change reality though, another spasm hit, she pressed again on her crotch but this time it wasn’t enough. She felt as her pent up piss sprayed into her panties. She was able to get her stream under control but she knew there was no chance she could wait until her dad came home with the plunger. She was going to wet herself.

“Not here, I can’t let anyone see me.” She realized. Wetting herself was bad enough, but anybody could just walk by and see her pissing herself on the stairs. If she was gonna piss herself she at least wanted to do it in privacy. Cautiously, she attempted to stand up to make her way back up the stairs to her room. With one hand between her pressed together legs, and the other on the handrail. She was able to stand, albeit hunched over. She turned around and saw the stain on the carpeted steps, knowing full well that she had a matching one on her butt. Confirming this, she heard her sister's voice.

“Oh. My. God.” Ashley had stopped in her tracks when she saw her sister on the stairs with a huge wet stain on the seat of her jeans. “There’s no way, are you actually wetting yourself?!?”

For the second time today Alyssa was caught speechless before her sister, this time in an even more compromising and humiliating position. It felt like any move she made would result in her bladder giving out then and there. Tears welled up in her eyes, she needed to make it upstairs. Trying to take another step resulted in another large spurt of piss making its way into her whitewashed jeans.

“Wow.. this is..” Ashley couldn’t believe the sight before her. She didn’t actually expect her sister to start wetting herself. She saw the stain on the back of Alyssa’s jeans grow as she waddled up the stairs. “Don’t get your piss everywhere!”

Alyssa shut her eyes to try to stop the tears from flowing. The pain and pressure in her bladder was bad enough. But mixed with her sister's taunts, she could hardly bear the humiliation. She finally made it up the stairs and into their room before her bladder totally gave out. The wetness fully coated the inside leg and back of her jeans, she felt the hot liquid run down her legs and into her socks and shoes, saturating them too. She couldn’t do anything but stand there and look down at the puddle forming on the carpet, a large dark circle around her.

Ashley couldn’t believe what she just witnessed, she couldn’t believe her sister actually pissed herself. She whispered in her moms ear about it, and her mom went upstairs and came back down tutting.

“I didn’t know she needed to go that bad.” Her mother told her. “It’s a shame, but your father ran into some traffic so who knows when he’ll be home with the plunger.”

This made Ashley nervous. She cut herself at her third glass of wine, but her own need to pee had gotten pretty bad thanks to the drinks.

“Please, as if I’d wet myself like her.” She thought. “Once Dad gets back I can go, then I’ll tease her some more about it.”

“You’re not bringing her any clothes up?” Ashley asked her mother

“No, she told me not to until after the party.” Her mother responded. “She said it would humiliate her if anyone found out what happened, plus she’s not in any mood to come back down. I didn’t know both of you were out of clean clothes, there's nothing up there for her to change into. “

That’s her own fault Ashley thought. She didn’t have any clean clothes either, but she sure as hell didn’t need to change because of an accident. To help her ignore her bladder she made her way back over to her friends who were talking about some show they had watched. Ashley couldn’t focus on the conversation, as her strategy of distraction wasn’t working too well. She decided to text her dad to see when he’d get back.

“When will u be back with plunger?” she texted.

“Maybe another 30.” Her dad replied. “First store didn’t have one, had to go to another and traffic is crazy.”

“Ughh” Ashley thought. “I can wait another thirty minutes. I’m not gonna wet myself like that baby upstairs.”

Every minute that passed Ashley became more sure of that even if her need to pee was growing. She started to cross her legs but stopped herself, not wanting to show any need to pee in front of her friends. Her mother was watching though, and discretely texted her.

“You should probably do something before it’s too late.” The first message read. “Go outside or something, better than in your panties.”

Ashley’s face burned up and turnt red at this, she shot a scowl to her mother who only had a look of concern . “I’m not peeing outside or in my panties.” She replied back in text. “I can wait for Dad to get back.”

Ashley crossed her arms over her chest, she couldn’t believe her mother suggested for her to piss outside! She wasn’t like her little sister, she could hold her pee until she had the chance to use the toilet. But the ache in her bladder was becoming unbearable, her friend was telling a funny story that happened to her in college when Ashley laughed a bit too hard. The first leak jetted out into her panties. Ashley’s laugh stopped and her hand moved to her crotch to stem the flow. Once she was sure the leak stopped, she looked up to see all her friends staring at her.

“Are you alright?” The friend who was telling the story asked.

“Y-yeah, I’m fine.” Ashley stuttered. She couldn’t tell if they knew what had happened, but she was still humiliated nonetheless as she felt the wetness in her panties. She needed her dad to get back now. Soon came another laugh and another leak, this one longer and harder than the last one. Her friend who was standing beside her whispered in her ear.

“Are you okay? Do you need to use the bathroom or something?”

Ashley couldn’t take it anymore. She needed to leave now or else she’d have an accident in front of everyone. If her dad wasn’t going to be back soon, then she’d just have to use her next best option, outdoors.

“I just don’t feel too well, excuse me.” Ashley made a beeline to the kitchen, where the backdoor was. But she underestimated just how full she was. Her sudden movements caused the floodgates to fully open, her piss flowed freely into her panties now as she ran to the door and yanked it open.

Once outside the stream hadn’t stopped. She unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down as fast as she could, getting her hands soaked in piss in the process. The pee poured into her red and white striped panties, soaking the crotch and seat as she squatted in the grass. The stream was loud as it now cascaded through her saturated panties directly onto the grass. But she could still hear the backdoor open.

“Sweetie, are you okay, your friend told me you ran out here.” It was her mom. Hearing the sound of a strong stream of liquid hitting the ground, looked over to her eldest daughter, pissing her panties out in the yard.

Alyssa had taken off her wet jeans, and was sitting on her bed in her drying but still damp pink panties, scrolling through her phone when she heard the door open. She rushed to cover up but when she saw it was her sister, and the state she was in, she stopped.

“Don’t. Say. Anything.” Ashley warned her sister, before sitting down on her bed, cringing at the sopping noise.

“You should take your jeans off.” Alyssa suggested. Only earning a glare back. The two sat in silence before Ashley interjected.

“It smells like piss in here” she said, scrunching up her nose.

“It’s not like you’re helping.” Alyssa fired back. She looked out their window and saw their dad pull up to the house, toilet plunger in hand. But decided to not tell Ashley, expecting that would only upset her.

Ashley told her mom to tell her friends that she was sick, she tried to rush upstairs as fast as she could without anyone seeing, but she wasn’t sure if anybody noticed. The party was still going on downstairs but she couldn’t go back down like this. The ache in her stomach hadn’t gone away though, and that’s when she realized she had a bigger problem now.

“Ugh, when’s the party gonna end…” Ashley groaned.

“Why? What difference does it make?” Alyssa asked. “Do you need to use the bathroom again?”

Ashley glared at her sister again, she didn’t want to tell her, but maybe she’d sympathize due to them already being in the same boat when it came to bathroom troubles tonight.

“Yeah… I do…” Ashley replied.

“Well, just go in your pants again.” Alyssa suggested. This floored Ashley.

“What?!? Eww gross now!” Ashley responded.

“Why not?” Alyssa asked. “They’re already wet. What’s the difference?”

“The difference is I don’t wanna piss my pants for a second time tonight!” Ashley answered her. “Besides…”

“Besides what?” Alyssa asked.

“That’s not… I don’t need…” Ashley found it hard to tell her sister the problem, Alyssa wasn’t catching on though. “I don’t need to pee..”

Alyssa caught on to what her sister was saying. Her cheeks began to burn red as well as she looked down.

“I… sorta need to do that too…” She confessed. Ashley did feel sort of better, but she was still lost as to how to fix the problem.

“I guess we have to wait until the party's over.” Ashley said. She wasn’t that confident about her ability, her ego still bruised from her early accident. But she knew she had no other options.

“We could try to find something…” Alyssa said eyes darting around the room. Ashley however was scandalized by the idea.

“Are you crazy?!?” She asked. “We can’t… shit… in anything here! We just need to hold it!”

“Fine! If wanna crap your pants too be my guest!” Alyssa said, curling back up on her bed.

Ashley huffed and stood up, she began pacing around the room. Looking at the time she knew the party could go on for another two hours. She couldn’t risk running downstairs in these jeans. But she needed to go, badly. Her bowels ached, she was hit with a cramp so hard that it made her double over. Her bending down made ass cheeks separate and her stomach push. The first bit of mess began to make its way out of her asshole into her panties. She tried to snap back up but was hit with another cramp. She doubled over again and ended up in a squatting position, much like the one she had when she was wetting herself.

Alyssa could only watch as her sister tried to fight the mess she was making in her panties. Her own stomach was rumbling, she didn’t want to say anything as she knew she wouldn’t be too far behind.

But Ashley wasn’t concerned about Alyssa or the party or anything. She could only think of the solid mass that continued to make its way into her panties. Her eyes welled up with tears as she was powerless to stop it. The tears finally flowed once the mess squished against the tightness of her jeans, spreading against her ass. She was left squatting on the floor, sobbing in a pair of wet and messy jeans.

Alyssa wanted to feel bad but she was too concerned with her own bowels. She got up from her bed and stood next to it, she looked for something, anything she could use to do her deed other than her panties, but it was fruitless. She herself was doubled over with a cramp, and the same fight that Ashley’s went through she did. She tried to resist the mess pushing itself out to no avail. Unlike her sister, Ashley wasn’t wearing jeans, only panties. So the hard log formed a visible bulge in the back of her already soaked pink panties. She began to piss again, still having some left in her previously. The stream wet her crotch, flowing down to the floor as she too squatted. The visible baseball sized bulge hanging in her panties, staining the butterfly design on the back. She too was able to feel the mushy warmth, and squatted so it didn’t squish against her ass as well.

Alyssa was still in the middle of soiling her panties for the second time, Ashley already done, when the two heard a knock on the door.

“Girls? It’s mom. The party is over, everybody left early. Can I come in?”

*005*2021-05-18 19:59

Long wait I know, but here's part two finally! Messing throughout this one as a warning, but I hope you enjoy!

After the events of the Christmas party, Ashley and Alyssa just wanted to get through the rest of their vacation as soon as possible. The two girls shared an unspoken humiliation about the “incident”, and a shared unwillingness to discuss it. So whenever they passed each other on the way to the toilet it was always awkward, as if they remembered the wet, soggy panties they had that night.

But luckily for them, the rest of the time spent in the cabin was spent with dry panties. Now it was time to leave, but before returning home the family was going to attend a reunion, two hours drive into the mountains. The family wanted everyone there by 9 a.m., so Ashley and Alyssa had to wake up early.

“Girls?” Their mother called up to them. “We need to get a move on! Your dad bought coffee, it’s downstairs!.”

Ashley was the first to get up, stretching, she looked over at her older sister still sleeping. She contemplated waking her, then decided against it, and using this opportunity to get in the bathroom and the shower before her sister.

When Ashley got out of the shower Alyssa was still fast asleep in bed, Ashley knew her parents wanted them downstairs so she shook her sister awake.

“Hey, we have to get going” Ashley told her younger sister who was stirring from her sleep. “Hurry up and get in the shower”.

Ashley left her little sister to get ready and she went downstairs and began to drink her coffee, by the time her sister got out of the shower everyone was ready to leave.

“Come on girls, get your bags and let's hit the road!” Their father told them. “We’ll stop on the way to get something to eat.”

It was only fifteen minutes into the ride when Ashley felt the first twinge of discomfort. She was relaxed in the backseat listening to music, next to her sister who resumed her deep sleep huddled underneath a dark green blanket. Ashley was covered with a blanket as well, the same color, and she realized her hands that were hidden underneath the blanket were unconsciously between her legs. The coffee she had earlier was making its way through her, fast.

Ashley was about to ask her father how much longer they had until their stop, but she paused. While her parents were understanding of the girls “accidents” earlier in the vacation, that didn’t mean the girls weren’t still humiliated about it. Ashley and Alyssa both were still sensitive about discussing any “bathroom matters” with each other or their parents.

So to avoid the discussion Ashley looked over to her sister and realized she had the right idea. The coffee woke her up some, and her need to pee was nagging her. But her exhaustion from her early wake up was still so strong that once she nestled herself into her seat and pulled the blanket up around her more, she was able to block out those distractions and fall into a light sleep.

When Ashley woke back up she noticed three things in this order.

One, her sister was finally awake. Scrolling through her phone with an unbothered look on her face.

Two, her bladder was filled. Being asleep must’ve filled her bladder faster than she expected. The hard bulge of her bladder pressed against her leggings and her seatbelt. She immediately squirmed and returned her hands back to her crotch where she pressed down harder, as she pressed she realized there was wetness on her panties where there hadn’t been before.

Three, based on the previous rides she could remember from taking this trip. Her family was currently past the rest stop.

“Hey, dad?” Ashley asked. “Did we pass the rest stop?”

“Yeah sweetie.” Her dad confirmed “We were making such good time and didn't need gas, so we decided not to stop.”

“Oh…” Ashley replied softly.

“What’s wrong honey? Do you need to…” Ashley’s mother began before she stopped herself. She knew how embarrassed her daughters still were about the last bathroom incident.

“Umm” Ashley confirmed her mother’s belief. Turning red and squirming in her seat, Ashley finally spoke softly again “Yeah…”

“How about you Alyssa? Are you okay?” Their mother asked. Alyssa, resenting being asked if she needed to use the toilet like a child, glared at her sister as if she was the cause before replying.

“No Mom, I can hold it until we get to the reunion.” She said with an attitude.

“I’ll try to see if there’s a gas station or something up ahead but I’m not too sure.” Ashley’s father told them. But Ashley realized a fourth thing that she didn’t immediately realize. Maybe it was because she was prone to carsickness and thought it was that. But just as she felt the effects of coffee in her bladder, she now felt them in her stomach. Wetting herself again would be bad enough, but…

Ashley pushed those thoughts out of her mind. She wasn’t going to end up in that situation again. But as the minutes ticked on and the longer they went without a place to stop, Ashley could only fight harder and harder to keep her panties safe. Speaking of panties, she sneaked her hand that was underneath her blanket into her leggings to feel the crotch of her panties. They were even more soaked now, as Ashley had been completely unable to stop the dribbles that routinely leaked out. She imagined the dark spot that most likely covered the baby blue front, then she remembered the dark spot that covered her red and white striped panties during the Christmas party, but again tried to push the thought from her mind.

But this time it didn’t work as well, and the first big leak spurted into her panties. She could feel the warm wetness against her hand, and quickly removed it. She wiped off her wet fingers on her blanket when she saw her sister looking at her. Did she know she leaked? How could she tell? Ashley averted her eyes and burnt red. Last time it was her younger sister who pissed herself first, then Ashley did. But what if only Ashley pissed herself now? The prospect of that was much more embarrassing, and Ashley couldn’t bear to let that happen.

If she had a choice, that is, as a second leak made its way into her panties now. She sat as still as she could, she couldn’t let anyone else tell how much needed to go. But underneath the blanket both hands were still firmly clenched to her crotch in an effort to hold back the absolute flood that was threatening her leggings and seat. Still, more leaks made their way through. Until her dad finally announced that they were coming up on a gas station.

Ashley took the message as a godsend, but apparently her bladder took the message to release an even longer, stronger stream. Now she had absolutely soaked through her panties, and her leggings were so thin that they offered zero protection to the seat. Quietly Ashley once again began the battle of holding, but it was clear that the battle was coming to an end. More and more piss sprayed out and formed a puddle where she sat. The warmth and wetness forming underneath her not only made it harder to hold on to the contents of her bladder, but of her bowels too. Slowly, the solid log began to push into her panties too, but Ashley could fight that need off for longer. However, focusing on her bowels meant less focus on her bladder, and a long, strong, loud stream made its way out of her.

By now she was glowing red. She was certain everyone had heard it, but nobody said anything. In fact it’s because nobody said anything that she swore they could hear.

“We’re here honey.” Ashley’s mother broke the awkward silence as the car pulled into the gas station parking lot. “Are you- do you need-“

“I’m fine.” Ashley said before quickly opening the car door to get out. She rushed into the gas station straight to the back where her stomach dropped as she was greeted by none other than an “OUT OF ORDER” sign.

Ashley’s head began to spin, she couldn’t believe this. She knew how hopeless it was now. Streaks of piss continued to run down her legs as she hobbled out of the store. Soon, she made it back to the car where her mother asked what was wrong.

“The bathroom was out of order, I-“ Ashley was suddenly caught off when the flood began. She doubled over and piss poured out through her leggings onto the asphalt below. Shielded from sight with the car door, Ashley squatted lower as the stream continued as strong as it was. Then, with a rumbling of her stomach, her bowels too began to push into her panties. Shocked, she began to pull down her leggings before remembering she was in public. But she just couldn’t stand to mess herself again. Nevertheless, her bowels kept pushing and her dripping panties that were now on display as her leggings were down past her ass bulged. The log pushed the rest of her piss out, and soon it stopped too and nestled in the seat of her panties weighing them down.

Squatting in a parking lot while soiling her panties was embarrassing enough. But so was trying to remove those panties while preserving her dignity. Wrapped in her blanket, she pulled her soaked pants and filthy panties down and stepped out of them while trying to shield herself with the car door. Her mom put the panties in a plastic bag and threw them in the trash, but Ashley had to put back on her soaking wet leggings, now with no panties, and sit in them for the rest of the ride.

Alyssa kept quiet during her sister's ordeal. Maybe before she wouldn’t have been so nice, but she knew how humiliating it must’ve been for her. And her bladder had also been filling for a while. She was hoping to go at the gas station, but when her sister returned the news that it was closed, she resigned herself to waiting until the reunion. But they were still over an hour away, and Alyssa began squirming under her blanket much like her sister was earlier. Alyssa’s panties were also blue, but they featured white stars on them as well. As far as she could tell, she hadn’t leaked yet, but she knew it was only a matter of time before the leaks started.

She looked over to her sister who was fast asleep again, clearly from exhaustion after that whole ordeal. Alyssa shifted in her seat before pressing her hand against the crotch of her gray leggings. She wished she hadn’t worn gray, as any leaks that may happen would show up clearly. Her bladder was much smaller than her sisters, and the last time one of them had an accident…

Alyssa couldn’t dwell on that. All she could do was focus on keeping her panties dry. But her focus on her bladder was split when her stomach started rumbling. Now she knew how serious the situation was. But looking at the clock, she knew she still had over forty-five minutes until they could expect to be at their location. And she didn’t want to ask her parents to stop again, even if they could. So she went back on her phone and put her headphones on so she could watch something to distract her.

Watching some comedy show, she tried to hold back her laughter, but one joke got her so good that a strong spurt leaked into her panties. Her laughter immediately stopped, and she looked over at her sister who was still sleeping. Moving the blanket down, she saw a coin sized wet patch in between her legs. Not noticeable, but also not a good sign. She still had thirty minutes so she decided to switch to some true crime show she’s been watching.

But at this point no matter what she tried to watch, how she tried to distract herself, Alyssa’s attention was on her bladder. With one hand firmly pressed against her crotch to hold back any potential leaks. The show was mostly background noise. Despite her efforts, leaks continued. Much smaller than the one previously, but she was still anxious at their potential of showing up on her light gray leggings. Her sister was asleep, her parents weren’t paying attention, so Alyssa decided to do everything in her power to hold back the flood. She crossed her legs and twisted them together, she squirmed in her seat like a madwoman, she even snuck her hands into her panties a few times to press on her crotch directly. All of this was able to get her through the final part of the drive. But as they pulled up to the house, a strong spurt forced itself past all her defenses, and she felt them crumble as the car rolled to a stop.

“Hey guys, we’re here!” Her mother said. But Alyssa got out of the car with the same urgency Ashley had at the gas station. Only this time she couldn’t make it as far, her bladder was so sensitive that as soon as she got out of the car, it exploded. The dark glimmering stain spread across her ass before running down her legs, completely saturating the material and turning the light gray dark.

Alyssa assumed a position similar to Ashley during her accident, only this time the car door couldn’t shield her completely from any eyes. Her relatives who were arriving and those who were already there approached the car to greet them, when the squatting position she was in caused her bowels to lose control much like her sisters. Only this time she kept her leggings on, causing the mess to smear instead of bulge. She hobbled around to the other side of the car out of sight of any family members when the stream stopped, and she looked through the window to see her sister, awake and staring at her.

