The Twelve Fanatics – Founding Day (CONTAINS POOP DESPERATION AND MESSING)

Author: DonnyWotty

*000*2018-08-08 19:53

The Twelve Fanatics – Founding Day

Hello everyone! With permission from Hikewe, I've decided to write a little story based in his The Twelve Fanatics universe. This game has been a particularly effective time sink for me, possibly the best since the likes of Wetters Taiken or Mojique. Ever since playing, I've felt compelled to contribute, and I decided to write this short fic as a tribute for a game that I hope to continue to be developed.

Now, unlike the current mechanics of The Twelve Fanatics universe, I issue a fair warning that this story will include pee and poop desperation, and even some messing. I decided on this mainly because I really loved the idea, and from a debate in the comments thread for the game as to whether it should be included as a gameplay element. However, it is certainly not my intention to sway anyone's opinion on that, especially Hikewne's. I just like the idea of desperate anime girls and clenched butt cheeks.

So without further ado, on with the story!

###

Chapter I: The Trek to Arcadia

Solveig

Bladder – Empty

Bowels – Needing 2

Lily

Bladder – Needing

Bowels – Needing 2

Hecate

Bladder – Desperate

Bowels – Desperate

Aria

Bladder – Needing 2

Bowels – Empty

“C'mon Sol, just gimmie thirty seconds behind that bush over there, I'll be done before anyone knows!”

The sun was just starting to set on the horizon on the evening of December 17th, 1964, a warm day for such a month, as Solveig Tveit, Liliana Seuhans-Gagliardi, Princess Hecate Melaina Kardia, and Aria were traveling back to the capital city of Arcadia after finishing up on an assignment. The day was particularly special for the region's history, for it would mark the founding of the city exactly 500 years ago, the city celebrating each Founding Day with a massive festival with food, drink, dancing, and song. With the city being the nearest stop from where they completed their assignment, they had all decided to visit and join in on the festivities, Solveig still remembering the first and only Founding Day she attended years ago at the Capital, the bright lights and fireworks burned into her memory.

Though the city was just a couple brief miles north, they would be far more brief if it weren't for-

“Seriously, this coffee is going right through me, I already have to piss like a racehorse!”

“Look, we both agreed that wouldn't be fair to Hecate and Lily. I have to pee too, but Hecate and Lily aren't going to do it unless they're bursting, and we don't want to rub it in their faces. Unless you're literally about to have an accident, I think we can wait a few miles.”

“I am about to have an accident!”

“...no you're not.”

“Hmph...so I gotta nurse a pita fruit under my waistband cause they're too pee shy? Great.”

Solveig would have chastised Aria for her callousness, but she had her own issues to deal with. Solveig was only telling a partial truth to Aria, she didn't have to pee at all, and in fact she had emptied her bladder earlier this morning while Lily, Hecate and Aria slept. No, her desperation was an entirely different animal as she gently pressed a hand to her tummy, which rumbled back at her: she had to poo, urgently.

Maybe it was the nervousness of the mission they had just accomplished, breaking up that guild of thieves terrorizing both the Northern and Southern castle towns. Maybe it was the rations that they had been eating. But Solveig hadn't emptied her bowels in a good three days or so, and only today were they reminding her of their fullness. And this, rather than simply her concern for Hecate and Lily's desperation, drove her willingness to finish her business in a restroom, rather than outdoors. She had done such things during training, but never in front of her new comrades and friends, and she didn't want to be the first girl in this party to cross that threshold. Or at least, she wasn't desperate enough to do so.

As she continued to massage her protesting lower tummy, Solveig looked up at Hecate and Lily, who were about 40 yards ahead. Though she couldn't be sure, she had a hunch she wasn't the only one telling a fib about only needing to pee.

Solveig's hunch was, in fact, correct. Though her bladder was slowly becoming a more pressing issue, Lily's bowels were what worried her, constantly making their fullness known. She let out a soft gasp as she felt them clench, wishing that by some sort of divine miracle a restroom would drop out of the sky right in front of them all, but choosing a prayer more realistic, Lily chose instead to relax a bit, hoping that there was still some gas she could let out. As she did, Lily sighed as a silent toot issued between her cheeks, giving her guts a brief reprieve. But she knew it wouldn't last forever.

“H-how are you holding up, Hecate?”

“Oh I'm just grand, I'm absolutely bloody peachy, Liliana!” Hecate snapped angrily.

Lily shrunk back a few steps in surprise and even a bit of fear, before looking away without a response, not wanting to irritate her any further. But after ten or so seconds of awkward silence:

“...I'm sorry Lily, I didn't mean to snap, it's just that...by the Gods I need a toilet...”

Hecate's cheeks burned as she said this. Even now, with all the time she had spent with Sol, Aria, and Lily, she always felt a flash of embarrassment when she admitted such needs. And she wasn't even getting started at the dark secret of the extent of her needs. Underneath her long, black dress, her bladder bulged against the waistband of her panties, filled nearly to capacity as she snuck a grab to the front of her dress, trying to give her muscles any assistance she could to the rapidly climbing pressure.

Meanwhile, her bowels were clenching and kneading almost rhythmically now, loaded down with what days ago were field rations. Deep in the crevice of her pale bottom, her pink pucker twitched and winked as she fought to contain herself, even as her insides continued to coax her with promises of sweet, wonderful relief if she'd just raise the portcullis on her back gate and just let it all out. Though as she clenched up and issued her body yet another denial, her tummy reacted with an angry gurgle, the weight of her rectum's contents dropping down on her clenched anus like a massive battering ram, jarring a squeak out of her and forcing her to stop.

“Hecate, are you alri-”

FlrrrRRPT

A blessing and a curse, on one hand the explosion that rang out of Hecate's rear gave her immediate, yet fleeting relief, and did not foul her panties or leave them feeling heavier. Nor did her bladder, jarred by the surprise of her release, decide to leak any of her waters. However, if Solveig or Aria hadn't heard her, than Lily certainly had.

Beet red, Hecate turned to Lily, who had stopped beside her, feeling her own face go pink in vicarious embarrassment as she realized that Hecate, Princess of Kardia, had just farted in her presence. And quite noisily at that.

“F-f-forgive me Lily! I-I didn't mean, it's j-just that-!”

“You...you too?”

Hecate cut her apology short when she heard Lily's much less...involuntary confession.

“I...I know I said earlier that I just needed to pee, but I need to do...that...even worse-”

This admission by Lily cut through the overwhelming embarrassment Hecate was assaulted with, and rather than feeling like curling up into a ball and disappearing off the face of Gaia, Hecate felt a genuine gratefulness to the archer.

+10 Bonus Bonding points were gained by Hecate and Lily

“Please Lily, I beg of you, don't let the others know, I-I can't bear anyone else-”

“Don't worry, I'm embarrassed too, I won't tell anyone.”

Though her spirits were lifted, Hecate couldn't deny it now, at least to herself, she was desperate at both ends. At this point, she might have asked the others to stop so she could find a spot to pee, but she couldn't bear the thought of all of them knowing that a Princess of Kardia needed to make what felt like a dragon-sized pile of leavings behind her where she would squat. Their proximity to the Capital only strengthened her resolve to simply grin and bear it.

As they paused and redoubled their “defenses”, waiting for Solveig and Aria to catch up, Lily pondered asking her again, as she did earlier, if she would like to find a spot off the side of the road where she could relieve herself. Perhaps a part of her felt like if Hecate agreed, she would find it easier to do the same herself. However, knowing Hecate's refusal to take such measures in all but the most drastic circumstances, and knowing she'd be all the more adamant considering this was the brand of desperation she suffered from, Lily decided against bringing up this suggestion again. Instead, she offered her reassurances to Hecate.

“Don't worry Hecate, Arcadia isn't too far, we'll make it-”

Though it wasn't the first time Lily said this today, for the first time, she wasn't too sure she believed her own words...

###

Chapter II : At the Gate

Solveig

Bladder – Empty

Bowels – Desperate

Lily

Bladder – Needing 2

Bowels – Needing 2

Hecate

Bladder – Leaking

Bowels – Desperate

Aria

Bladder – Desperate

Bowels – Empty

One hour later...

“Finally!” Aria and Solveig groaned in unison as they approached the gates of Arcadia. The sun had just finished setting, leaving a beautiful orange glow over the mountainside as the moon was growing more visible overhead. However, the scenery was the last thing on each girl's mind as they each fought their own individual battles.

In the time it took them to reach Arcadia's gates, Solveig had grown quite desperate, her anus constantly winking back her load as she struggled against the tremendous weight bearing down on her ring, clenching her buns with each contraction of her bowels, coming one after another, and each stronger than the last. She was just glad that soon, a nice seat on a porcelain throne would be her reward.

On the other end of the spectrum was Aria. She had long since crossed the threshold of where she would have ventured off into the brush to pop a squat, but only Solveig's insistence had kept her from going off and relieving herself unilaterally. As she squirmed, pretzeling her legs, she let out a low grumble of frustration at her predicament.

Meanwhile, Lily's bladder had caught up with her need to poop, and even though her less animated nature hinted that her urgency was, overall, less than her friends, she still was relieved that they'd be reaching a restroom soon.

By any visible measure, Hecate both looked, and was, the worst off of the four. Hunched over slightly, a hand between her legs and another over her constantly clenching bottom, she waddled precariously. Several times already, her load had attempted to force itself into her panties, her muscles weakening and her anus beginning to dilate very much against her will. Her iron resolve as Kardian royalty and her desire not to shame herself and her bloodline was the only reason she found the strength to force her backdoor shut.

However, with each urgent contraction in her lower tummy that forced her to focus all of her concentration on not soiling her panties, her bladder would take the opportunity to force a dribble or leak out. Hecate shifted her thighs together, the gusset of her panties clinging wetly to her quivering lips as she felt a rivulet run down her inner legs. If she had simply had to pee, she would have run for the nearest tree or bush right now. But Gods...imagine if Sol, Aria, or Lily had decided to join her, and they saw her making her dung on the grass, it was unthinkable...

As cold sweat beaded at her forehead, and another rivulet of her urine ran down her thigh, she was thankful for this long dress...

As they approached the gates, deeper inside the castle walls, they saw fireworks shooting into the air, and hear music even through the thick walls and massive timber gates.

“Looks like the celebration is already s-starting.” Lily said, her voice betraying her growing need. “Do you think the park restrooms will be packed?”

Solveig felt her stomach drop, and not just from the weight in her bowels. Founding Day was one of the biggest festivities of the year for Arcadia, and the last thing she needed to deal with now was a queue at the closest restroom the could reach.

“I hope so, b-but it should be fine! How bad could it possibly be?”

Solveig truly hoped that her optimism was founded, as she approached the gate guards, flashing her badge.

“Solveig, Kriemhild special task force, r-requesting permission to enter the Capital. And please hurry.”

“Ah, you ladies looking to get in on the festivities too? You're in luck, thing are just ramping up in there! Just be sure to let the guys at the barracks know it's their turn to relieve us now.”

Solveig shuddered and clenched her ass as the word “relieve”. She would have rather listened to any other word at the moment...

As the gates slowly swung upon, the four girls were greeted by an absolute spectacle. It seemed every single person in Arcadia was out on the street. Concession stands were up and selling cakes and sweets, citizens were costumed and dancing merrily to the music that seemed to be pouring from the center of town, and every other person was drinking, laughing, and in good spirits. Even her memory of her last Founding Day didn't live up to the expectation of how massive this festival was.

Pushing through the crowds, Solveig's initial hopes for easy relief grew dimmer and dimmer, but were utterly crushed, along with the rest of the girls, when they finally reached the edge of the park, the restrooms within sight.

A massive queue seemed to pour out of the ladies room, and unlike the Gents, the queue seemed to stay stagnant as they approached.

“How bad can it possibly be?” Aria hissed mockingly, before suddenly storming off. “Fuck this, I'm about to piss myself, I'll find somewhere else to go.”

“Aria, wait!” Solveig called, but Aria soon disappeared into the crowd

Aria has left the party.

As Solveig turned back towards the others, Lily was still at her side, but Hecate was already halfway to the restroom queue, her awkward waddle betraying how badly she needed the toilet at the end of the line.

“S-Sol, what do we do?” Lily asked worriedly as she squirmed on the spot, Solveig looking in the direction where Aria ran off to, and towards Hecate.

“Aria should be fine, we should join Hecate. The Embassy restrooms will probably be even worse than this, the park restroom is our best chan-AH!” Solveig was cut off as the load she was holding descended, her pucker doming out as she fought off each wave of urgent, painful contractions. As she did though, her bowels nevertheless forced out a series of low, audible toots from her bottom as every last ounce of room in her rectum was forcibly appropriated for its more solid contents.

As her face burned, she was about to offer an explanation to Lily, when she felt her hand taken by her and led to the restroom queue.

“You're not the only one-” Lily stammered. “Lets just hurry!”

Ten minutes have passed.

As the trio waited in line, it indeed appeared that the queue was going nowhere fast, and they seemed to not be the only ones there who were desperate. In fact, when the line did inch forward, it wasn't because people were exiting the restroom. No, in fact the line only seemed to shorten when people simply left the line, without ever setting foot inside. Some did so out of frustration, grumbling about the state of Arcadia's public restrooms, but as Solveig watched, some left for much more dramatic reasons...

...like a young woman letting out a squeal of distress as she buried her hands under her skirt and ran off, her legs shimmering with her waters in the light of the moon, the fireworks, and the park's lamps...

...or a curvaceous mother in a skintight, body-hugging harlequin costume who was squirming frantically in line suddenly hunching over. Her hands on her plump belly, the seat of her brightly colored and patterned tights starting to tent out, before she too stepped out of line and beckoning her husband and two young children over. Solveig caught part of their under-breathed conversation as she waddled past, trying to act casually, but the children unable to help but giggle at their mother's curious and, in their eyes, humorous predicament:

“Oh Gods, Halli I-I-I can't wait for this restroom, I'm s-starting to go in my panties-!” she whispered panickedly to her husband.

“Ssh, just hang on and try and hold the rest Kara! The house isn't too far away, just act naturally! We'll be there soon!”

“But I can't make it that f-far! N-nnh!”

Solveig watched as the woman paused briefly, hunching over again, the tent in the rear of her tights suddenly ballooning and crackling out to a much larger bulge, her husband going wide-eyed and her children giggling harder. Clearly embarrassed, she waddled quickly towards the cobblestone roads with her husband and children in tow, the heavy bulge swaying between her shapely butt cheeks continuing to grow before they were out of sight. If she didn't want to end up like that woman, she had to do something. Taking a deep breath, fishing out her badge, and clenching up her bottom as tightly as she could, she turned to Lily.

“Stay here with Hecate. I'm going to see what the holdup at the front of the line is.”

“O-okay, just please, whatever you're going to do up there, just hurry!”

Hecate just nodded, gritting her teeth as the urgency to empty her bladder and bowels came in incessant waves. This was it, if something wasn't done soon, her panties were going to be soaked and filled.

One minute has passed

As Solveig reached the front of the line, she flashed her badge again.

“Alright, w-what seems to be the problem here, his line isn't moving at all!”

Several women immediately, and pleadingly responded.

“Two of the toilets are broken!”

“The third one is being hogged!”

“There's only one toilet for all of us!”

After first calming down the women squirming for their turn, she turned towards the stalls. She would have given anything to just rush ahead and take one for herself, even the broken ones, but for now she could only control the situation and speed up the queue. Trying to use her authority to cut in line at this point could start a damned riot.

Solveig stepped stiffly towards the stall containing the “toilet hog” and rapped sharply on the door. As rude as it was, Solveig had run out of patience.

“J-just a minute! I'm a bit constipated!” a woman from inside called.

“Listen here, there are dozens of women out here waiting patiently for their turn, many of them having accidents while waiting! By the authority of Kriemhild's security services, either you leave that restroom in sixty seconds, or I will personally kick that door down and drag you out!”

Solveig regretted being so harsh, but her rant was greeted by cheers and whistles from the queued women inside the restroom.

When the very embarrassed woman left the restroom, the queue's pace quickly doubled, but Solveig, wanting to minimize any more accidents, began working her way down the line, triaging the women she saw as she slowly made her way back towards Hecate and Lily. If she saw someone looking desperate, she'd move them further up the line, and if she saw someone starting to lose control, she'd whisk them to the very front.

Meanwhile, Lily and Hecate watched as, for the first time, the queue began to move in earnest. Lily's heart leapt with hope, in the time they were in line her need to poo had increased dramatically, and she constantly had to squeeze and flex her bottom to keep her load inside.

“H-Hecate! We're moving! We''ll be at the front in no time....Hecate?”

Hecate did not respond, instead quivering where she stood as she brought both hands back to her butt cheeks, trying to squeeze them shut. Yet despite this, the powerful wave of pressure knotting her bowels was only weakening her grip, and horror of horrors, she felt her anus begin to fully dilate. Her face grew hot, sweat running down her brow as her load began to push past her defenseless cheeks.

“Hecate, just a bit longer, the line is moving!”

“Nnnn....nnngh...!”

Instead of a sharp pain, or a dull, powerful contraction that would subside if she clenched hard enough, the urge that built up inside Hecate was one that built up to a tall plateau that didn't seem to taper off, an insurmountable wave that no longer accepted excuses or denials. No, it would keep building until it got a compromise.

Despite Hecate's best efforts, it was simply too much for her as a foul spear poked out from exhausted, overworked anus. Groaning as she tried to fight it back, it only widened her further, stretching the Kardian Princess to her limit, before making landfall in the seat of her panties. Even then, her body continued to push rhythmically and involuntarily, inch by inch, feeling her underwear sag with the weight, before finally heaving the remainder of the log into them. Then, and only then did the urge finally grant her some mercy.

Hecate stood there, panting, feeling the hot, hard pillar nestled against her rear. In the back of her mind, she knew, she felt, that there was much more inside her that needed out. But that was overshadowed by the mortifying realization:

She, Princess Hecate Melaina Kardia, had pooped in her panties.

Lily watched the whole thing. Though her black dress offered a great deal of concealment, from behind, Lily could see Hecate's dress bulge out slightly from the rear.

“Hang on Hecate! I'll get Sol!” Lily darted towards the front of the line.

Solveig was midway between the restroom and where she figured Lily and Hecate would be, whisking another grateful girl to the front of the line when she noticed that she was starting to wet her pants, when she saw Lily running towards her.

“Sol! You gotta come quick, it's Hecate, she's-”

Lily saw some of the other queued women looking in her direction, and she lowered her voice appropriately.

“Sol, she's starting to have an accident!”

“Oh no...”

Lily and Solveig made their way back to Hecate, who was right where she was previously, but at this point on her last legs. Her face was a brilliant shade of magenta, and the combination of her embarrassment and the fullness of her bladder was causing her to leak in panicked little spurts into her underwear. Trying her best to balance holding in her water and her dung, and losing both battles.

“C'mon Hecate, I'll take you to the front of the line, I ca-n-nnnngh!”

Solveig's desperate need to poo, though temporarily preoccupied as she took control of the situation with the queue, suddenly made their presence known with a vengeance. The urge came on suddenly and strongly, catching her completely off guard.

“S-Sol!” Lily gasped as she watched Solveig double over slightly, putting her hands on her lower tummy, a rumble coming from it loudly enough for all three girls to hear.

In training, Solveig had heard all manner of vulgarisms from her fellow trainees. One in particular that she learned, when a trainee was caught short and needed to unburden their bowels, very accurately described the state that Solveig was in at the moment.

Solveig was touching cotton. Badly.

###

Chapter III: Salvation

Solveig

Bladder – Empty

Bowels – Leaking

Lily

Bladder – Needing 2

Bowels – Desperate

Hecate

Bladder – Leaking

Bowels – Leaking

Solveig remained rooted to the spot, her log halfway inside her, and the other half wedged between her cheeks and pressing against her panties. She dared not move. She dared not breathe.

Gods, how did she get herself into this predicament...she could have just browbeaten Hecate and Lily to go in the bushes outside town earlier. Sure, she might have hurt their feelings, but at least they wouldn't be stranded in a glacially-moving queue, slowly soiling themselves as they fought the inevitable.

Her mind raced, could she go to the front of the line now, and flash her badge to get herself a spot in the queue? No, the ladies she got to the front of the line would riot if she used her authority in such a way. She thought grimly that maybe she could get Lily and Hecate to the front, nobody knew they were members of the security forces as well. Meanwhile she would stay in line and...tried to prolong what at this point was most likely assured...

They could all look for somewhere to go like Aria did, but with this crowd? There wasn't an alley or corner that didn't have another Arcadian citizen two feet away.

As her log continued to push her panties away from her butt, Lily stood by helplessly, getting a feeling that at this rate, she would be next.

However, when all seemed lost...

“Hecate! Lily! Sol!”

Aria came sprinting towards them across the grass, panting softly as she stopped, shifting and crossing her legs.

“Come with me! I've found a place where the four of us can go!”

“W-what do you mea-ahhnnn-!” another wave of urgent clenching took Solveig's breath away as she fought to stay in control.

Aria saw the state of all the girls, but homed in on Hecate. Judging by her appearance, she didn't have to take too many guesses to know what was happening under her dress.

“Hecate, I know somewhere you can go, but you have to trust me.”

“B-b-buh-” Hecate was on the verge of tears now, her bowels deciding that a taste of relief was not enough, as her pucker began to widen again.

Hecate looked up at Aria. She always knew her as headstrong, crass, and even downright insensitive, but she saw a look of earnestness and concern in the Observers' eyes, something that she rarely saw.

Without much alternative, Hecate nodded, unable to say much else, as Aria took her hand and slowly escorted her out of the line.

Aria has rejoined the party!

Hecate

Bladder – Leaking

Bowels – Empty

“Lily, can you take Sol?”

“S-sure!” Lily responded, taking Solveig's hand. “Can you walk?”

“If I do...I...I might-” Solveig stammered.

“Well you will anyway if you wait here, so come on!” Lily responded, with a rare hint of command in her voice.

Despite it all, Solveig felt a glimmer of hope at whatever Aria had planned, and biting the bullet, willed herself to move.

Inevitably though, her bowels protested as she walked, a twitch of her pucker causing the log to break off and settle in the seat of her panties. She felt the weight dragging them down while she walked, as she struggled not to poo them any more. Reaching a hand behind her skirt and lifting it a bit, she grabbed the waistband of her underwear, hoping she could make it to wherever Aria was taking them without her panties ending up around her ankles.

The crowds thinned out as they reached a lightly forested area in the park close by, where despite the crowds of people meandering not too far away, at least no one could see them. But when they turned the corner around a thick patch of some bushes and trees...

Several other women were dropped down and squatting down, relieving themselves. This didn't seem to faze Aria, as she brought them closer.

“Apparently a few people back at that queue decided this was a better spot, and honestly I gotta agree. Now c'mon, pop a squat before some creepers walk up on us!”

Solveig, despite the prohibition on public urination or defecation inside the walls of Arcadia, was no longer in any position to argue. Nor could she judge any of the strangers before her, none of them looking like drunken revelers, rather just desperate women who'd needs become too great to wait anymore. She could hardly cite them, since in a moment she was going to join them...

Walking stiffly towards a tree, where another woman was squatting, she hiked her skirt up, fumbling with the waistband of her panties before yanking them down, and dropping into a quick squat at last.

“Ahhhnnnngods....!”

An almost erotic groan of relief exited Solveig's lips as the remainder of her first log slid out to the grassy ground below, joining the other half that had rolled out of her panties as she squatted down, and she was soon joined by Lily, who after overcoming her initial hesitation, squatted down and herself let out a sigh of relief as she emptied her bladder and bowels next to Solveig.

Solveig's leavings were soon joined by a second log, and she was halfway through pushing out a third when a voice next to her spoke up.

“Oh dear, you too?”

Solveig looked to her right and saw the squatting stranger nearby. It was the curvy harlequin mom from the queue earlier....Kara, she believe her name was, in the middle of finishing a poo that, from what Solveig could see, ended up mostly in her panties and tights before she could get them down. She was panting softly from either relief or exertion. And her face was pink and dewy, from either exertion, or more likely, the current state of her bottomwear.

“Hnnh....d-don't be embarrassed sweetie, I started f-hnnkhh-filling my panties in that dreadful queue too, I couldn't even make it home! If it weren't' for this, I'd be in an even worse ssshnn-state than I am now-”

“H-hah-t-thank you...” Solveig replied breathlessly. She didn't know what else to say, too lost in her relief, and pushing out the remainder of her poo, to contemplate much else. When she looked down, she noticed that, thankfully, her panties were still quite clean. A small skidmark here and there, but this would be bearable for now, and was certainly much better than Kara would have to deal with...

“Are you here for the festival too? If you'd like, you can freshen up at my house. It's probably less crowded than the inns in town right now.”

Solveig thought for a moment, she did like this idea.

“...y-you know...sure, I...I can take you up on that! What do you think Lily?”

“Mmmhhh...”

Lily, on her left, was lost in her own relief, a significant pile behind her ass as a hissing stream issued between her thighs to the grass below.

“Just...give her a moment.”

Meanwhile, on the other side of the patch of bushes, Aria and Hecate were facing one another. Hecate's hands were planted firmly on the sides of her bottom, squeezing for dear life. If she let go, she was certain that the contents of her bowels would come spilling forth with hopeless abandon.

“Alright, just lift up your dress and-”

“A-Aria-!”

“Seriously?! Look Hecate! I am literally b-bursting at the seams right now, and I still came back to you when I found this place! If you give me that r-royal froofy 'I'm too good for this' nonsense, I am seriously gonna-!”

“A-Aria! H-help me lift up my d-d-dress! N-now! I-I-I can't-”

Aria blinked for a few seconds as she processed the request.

“...oh! Yeah sure!”

Kneeling down, Aria began to lift Hecate's dress up to thigh level, her eyes widening when she saw the true extent of her desperation as rivulets of her waters raced down her thighs. The sight of this only made her own bladder contract sympathetically, and though she'd only lost a few leaks before now, the sight of Hecate starting to lose control like this was causing her to squirt in her pants. Despite this, she steeled herself to follow through.

“O-okay, when I pull up your dress, you yank your panties down and s-s-squat. Ready?”

Hecate nodded frantically, her whole body ready to give in to her urges with relief at hand. She was so close, but her bladder's frantic spurts began to merge into one long hiss, and another log began to push its way between her cheeks, threatening to overload her panties-

“....NOW!”

Aria yanked up Hecate's dress the remainder of the way, Hecate letting go of her bottom and grabbing her panties, yanking them down while quickly dropping into a squat.

Nothing. No fine wine, no fine food, no fine men...no mortal pleasure on Gaia could match what Hecate felt at that moment, squatting down just as the floodgates opened and the avalanche began. A dull thud could be felt through the ground as the first log she lost in the queue hit the grass below, another log spilling forth atop it, followed almost immediately by a powerful, angry hiss of her water gushing between her legs.

Aria, meanwhile, losing control of her own bladder, frantically undid her pants and dropped into a squat next to her, letting out a groaning sigh of relief as she did, her stream exceeding even Hecates.

“AH-ah-ahhhnn....” Hecate moaned as her wastes continued to pour forth, no longer caring who saw, who judged, the relief taking her in blissful ecstacy. But, after what seemed line an eternity, the two finally finished, panting side by side as they remained squatted. Before them, their urine had flooded the grass with a shimmer that looked as though a heavy rain had passed recently. Behind Hecate, there was a pile that, as she saw her leavings and laughed at the absurdness, perhaps could have been mistaken for a dragon's!

“Hahhhn...you...you came back for for us? E-even though y-you-”

Hecate avoided the rudeness of gesturing or pointing, but she was referring to the sodden state of Aria's panties, not to mention the significant wet patch between the legs of her pants. She had not lied, she did go back for the others before tending to her own needs, even at the expense of her clothes.

“H-heh, l-lets just say I got a conscience when I saw you guys from here~”

Hecate took Aria's hand as the fireworks of the Founding Day celebration exploded skyward, cheers ripping through the crowds in the street. Though the Observer got on her nerves to no end...at the moment the Kardian Princess could think of no better person to trust at her side as she did something as private as what she had done.

“T-thank you Aria...”

+75 bonus Bonding Points were gained...

$

*004*2018-08-09 17:01

Thank you all for your responses!

Out of curiosity, did any of you play The Twelve Fanatics as well? Or did you go and read this fic blind? I'm really interested to know.

*006*2018-08-09 19:53

Well, I'm glad you guys like what I wrote!

I'm considering writing a bonus chapter here featuring the story from Kara's (the curvy mom in the story) point of view, if you all enjoyed what you saw here. Drop me a comment if you guys are interested!

*013*2018-08-11 23:28

Well, that settles it, I'm writing the Kara bonus chapter.

*016*2018-08-14 05:48

Hello again everyone!

Well here it is, the bonus chapter for this little fic I wrote, featuring an extra from the first few chapters, Kara! Some very much appreciated assistance in both editing and scene rewriting was graciously provided by @Clom and @Darth_Thorin

So please be kind enough to give them some applause as well if you choose to enjoy this story!

Now, fair warning, this story's desperation is a bit more graphic than the previous chapters, so be warned. But, if you're into that, I hope you enjoy!

###

Chapter IV: In a Tight(s) Spot

Kara

Bladder – Empty

Bowels – Desperate

To anyone who saw Kara Grímsdóttir on the cobblestone streets of Arcadia on Founding Day, December 17th, there were many things that were apparent about her, depending on how well acquainted you were.

At thirty years old, she was a loving wife to her husband Halli, and a dedicated mother to her two children Johann and Emilía, five and four respectively. Those who know her a little better know that she's a baker by trade, as is her husband. A plump, soft, curvaceous woman, she would insist this quality was a consequence of bringing her two children into this world, and not her love of food and drink, especially her husband's beautiful homemade bread. None of this seemed to bother her husband, who, when the children weren't listening in, would now and again sneak in a comment about her wife's beautiful “double moons”, usually eliciting a groaning chuckle and an eyeroll from her. Perhaps this is why he chose this particular outfit for her for Founding Day...

She personally found it a bit ridiculous, modeled after a huntress's garb, but obviously intended to a be a bit more flattering. She personally thought it made her look like a harlequin. A bit low cut at the front, dotted and embroidered with animal, hunting, and nature motifs, and ringed with fur around the wrists and ankles. But probably most relevant to Halli, the outfit sported a pair of light green, body-hugging tights which clung to her thighs and bottom, accentuating and displaying them, various leaf and forested patterns running down the sides of her legs. Underneath the outfit, she wore a pair of crisp white Éclairé-cut panties, and a matching bra.

However, there was one thing about her this Founding Day that nobody was aware of but her. Not the revelers on the street, not her friends who she had spoken with an hour ago, not even her children or husband...

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3FAxDD9ZQHs

Mrs. Grímsdóttir desperately needed to poo.

“Are you sure you'd rather us not just take a trip home, dear?” Halli asked worriedly.

“Oh don't make such a fuss Halli, all I need is a quick stop to pee, we don't need to go all the way across the city and back home to do that!” Kara chuckled and attempted to keep up the facade, both regarding her level of desperation and the nature of her needs. In all honesty, her insistence on the park restroom stemmed not from convenience, but her not knowing whether or not she could even make it home at this point. Gods, she thought to herself, why did she keep putting off this nagging urge all afternoon?

Kara knew she needed a seat on her porcelain throne much earlier, but stubbornly refused, not wanting to deal with Arcadia's public restrooms on Founding Day of all days, and telling herself she could just hold it until her children were sleepy enough to want to go home. She remembered leaving one of the food stands now dotting the inner walls and streetsides of Arcadia, approaching Halli and her children, finishing munching down a third meat pie. Patting her plump belly and sighing with content at the delicious savory flavor, the enjoyment didn't last when she suddenly felt an almighty weight drop down in the lowest reaches of her bowels, stopping her mid-chew on her last bite...

...and now here she was, walking a little more quickly than she normally did with her husband by her side and her children in front of her. Clenching her buns as she walked, Kara whispered a soft prayer to the Oracle of Light to keep the crowd noise high. Hopefully then, nobody would hear the unfeminine noises that were forced from her rear as she farted noisily.

At last though, she reached the Park restroom. Her heart sank when she saw the queue though, stretching out of the ladies room and into the grass. Despite this, Kara put on a smile for Halli.

“It shouldn't take too long, you take the little ones and have fun for a bit! I'll be waiting here for you when I'm done.”

“Alright Kara, if you are sure. We'll meet you at the edge of the park in a little while, okay?”

Gods, at least this would spare her the indignity of having to squirm in front of her husband and children. However, Kara still had hope. This queue may be a bit long, but perhaps it would move quickly. After all, she remembered there were four stalls inside that restroom , how long could this possibly take?

Twenty minutes have passed.

“Oh gods, j-just let me hold it a little b-bit longer...”

Kara whispered to herself as she fought off wave after wave of desperation bearing down on her quivering, clenched hole, which begged her for the mercy of relaxing and simply letting go. She cursed herself, by this time she probably could have made it all the way home. Yet, as she looked up at the queue, all of her previous concentration having been mostly spent keeping her panties clean and unfilled...it almost seemed as though the queue had not budged at all!

She shook her head, she must have spent quite a bit of time here, and yet it seemed almost the exact same length! Was she imagining things?

She continued to shift, clench and contort herself, caught in a full blown potty dance. As each urge became too much to bear, she was forced time and time again to chance a fart, feeling her chest tighten in fear as each one became lower, wetter, and more ominous sounding. As childish as the display was, she no longer cared who saw, she just didn't want to do in her panties what was normally done in the privacy of a bathroom...

At the very least, she was not the only one who looked anxious for a toilet. Many women waiting ahead of her looked just as desperate, if not more so, than she was. Unfortunately, the chances of successfully asking to cut in a line this desperate looked slim to none.

As another urge made her bowels cramp, churn, and twist, squeezing her bottom with all her might to contain her dung, she noticed that a few places behind her, three more girls had joined the queue. A brown-haired young lady in a blue jacket and a skirt, a straw haired girl with a bow across her back, and a woman in a very dark purple, almost black dress, who looked like she was about to burst. At the very least, Kara thought to herself, she wasn't further back in the line than she already was.

Ten minutes have passed

“Oh no, oh Gods, not here, anywhere but right here-!”

Kara was on her last legs. Her bowels practically screaming obscenities at her, and at this point only her puckering, rapidly exhausting anus was keeping her load from pouring into her, miraculously, still clean panties. Her hands, clasping her buttocks on both sides, fought to stop the advance of her waste as a cold clammy sweat started breaking out all over her body as she struggled ever more frantically.

It was at this point that stories from the restroom began to filter down the queue. That a couple toilets were broken, that another was currently being hogged by a woman who didn't seem to grasp the desperation of the growing crowd building outside...Kara could have screamed in frustration if she wasn't so busy gritting her teeth, fighting back the turtling head of dung that, for the second time in a minute, dilated her winking backdoor.

Several people began to leave the queue, grumbling to themselves about walking home to use their own toilets. And to her horror, a few more ended up running out of line in sheer desperation, as though they were starting to lose control before finally abandoning hope.

Kara thought about joining them, finding somewhere anywhere else where there might be a toilet, when the moment she dreaded began to happen...

Hunching over, she felt a silent gasp leave her as she felt her puckered anus dome out, then stretch wide as a log squelched messily between her clenched cheeks, a mere inch from making landfall in the seat of her panties when she managed to briefly stop it.

Her voice was caught in her throat, and her face burned with mortification...there was no forcing this back, it had to come out....now.

As she slowly raised her head up from her hunched-over position, her face tomato red, she saw a trio who were the last people she wanted to see her in this state:

“Kara? You've been in this queue the whole time? The little ones and I got ice cream and waited for you, but it's been over half an hour and-...Kara?”

“N-no-...I...I!...H-hnnf!”

Her quivering starfish, clinging on for dear life like a hapless adventurer holding on by their fingernails to keep from falling into a pit trap, suddenly slipped. The log nestled between her cheeks rocketed forward, pressing out the seat of her panties and tights as she let out a defeated groan, hot shame burning all over her body.

Kara, face scrunched up in exertion, stepped out of the queue and beckoned Halli over, who, upon seeing the tail her wife was growing, immediately realized what was happening. That his wife's “need to pee” was not that at all, dispute her insistence a half-hour earlier.

“H-H-Halli, I need to p-poo something terrible-!” Her voice was an embarrassed whisper as Halli took her out of the line, gingerly walking her past the line of queued, desperate ladies still holding out hope for a turn. Meanwhile, Johann and Emilía, who were watching their mother curiously, suddenly began to giggle at the, in their eyes, rather unusual predicament for a grown-up to be in.

“Daddy, is Mama having a poo in her panties?” Johann asked with a grin. This caused his sister to burst into an uncontrollable series of giggles.

“Alright, the two of you hush up and get in front of me, we're making a stop home right now-”

“Is it cause Mama is poo-”

“I said hush.”

“Oh Gods, Halli I-I-I can't wait...I'm s-starting to go in my panties-!” Kara moaned at her husband as she walked by his side, holding his hand.

“Ssh, just hang on and try and hold the rest Kara! The house isn't too far away, just act natural! We'll be there soon!”

“But I can't make it that f-far! N-nnh!”

Another overwhelming wave of pressure surged through the deepest reaches of her bowels as she suddenly clutched her belly with her free hand. The log that had been even now still caught between darkness and daylight was suddenly sent barreling into the fabric of her white panties, folding end over end on itself before giving way to slightly softer mess. It was only a split second before she regained control, pinching off the hot loaf much to her bowels' protesting gurgles, but the damage was done. She had pooped in her pants.

As her husband continued to coax and encourage her to keep moving, her children suppressed their giggles, poorly, as she felt the warm pie in her pants shifting and squishing against her derrière with each step. She bit her lip and whimpered, this was turning into an absolute debacle.

Three minutes have passed

Kara

Bladder – Empty

Bowels – Leaking!

The situation was rapidly deteriorating as they reached the cobblestone road next to the park, walking east towards the general direction of their home, the park restroom shrinking in the distance, a scattering of trees and bushes nearby on her right on the park edge. Johann and Emilía walked slightly ahead, eyes forward, as their father instructed. Meanwhile he was positioned behind Kara, body-blocking her bottom as best as he could from any potentially curious eyes, as he reassuringly held her left hand with his own. Right now the biggest problem was the prominent bulge between her cheeks, but he could see random little spots across it where the fabric had grown wet and stained through a tiny bit. If she would have let him, Halli would have scooped her up and carried her the rest of the way home...

Meanwhile Kara walked gingerly with each step, as if trodding on eggshells, her butt cheeks gliding awkwardly with her mess. Despite the load in her panties, she tried her best to act like nothing was wrong. However, the expression on her face alone would have in itself almost been a completely dead giveaway. Her mind was still reeling as she fought her bowels' desire to unleash the rest of her load; she had messed her panties, soiled herself, had an accident...Gods, she cringed as she even remembered her own father's saying for it when she was a child...manuered her cotton field.

Worse yet, the temporary relief brought from unburdening some of her poo into her tights was quickly replaced by a renewed urge to let go of the rest, as if her bowels had decided that her bottomwear was, in fact, a perfectly reasonable place to finish its business, given the circumstances.

She felt her belly groan and knot itself as another wrenching tidal wave of an urge roiled through her. She tried to fight it, but even she knew that all she could do at this point was limit the damage:

“Halli s-stop! It's....it's gonna come out again-!” Kara whimpered panickedly as she froze, another soft loaf forcing her now messy backdoor open again, gripping Halli's hand hard enough to make the blood race out of it.

“H-hang on Kara!”

Without many other options, Halli told the children to stop for a moment as he closed the small distance between himself and Kara., putting his arms around her middle. To any onlooker on the cobblestone street, the two were just an amorous, married couple watching the crowds, and not a husband trying to help her wife conceal her growing accident.

With a massive gurgle from her stomach, Kara grunts as the snake pushes forward, squeezing past her faltering will's defenses, coiling and further bulging out her once spotless white panties. It breaks off as suddenly as it began, but the feeling, the pressure, the pure desperation does not abate in her stomach. With a quiet gasp, fading to a groan as she holds her breath, she pushes. For the briefest of moments, she cannot feel shame, not now, not when this need is so much, so terrible, so urgent. With a muted yet mistakable crackle, her hole yawns again, a softer, fouler mess spreading through her cheeks, finding what little room remains in her ruined panties, coating her cheeks

She felt a lump in her throat, and fought the urge to cry, as she felt the mess overload her panties, pushing past the legholes and spilling into the tights themselves, several muffled and bubbling farts exploding through the mess, like a bubbling pot of pitch. And yet, she knew she wasn't quite done.

As silly as this outfit was, she thanked the Heavens she chose this over a skirt.

Halli, meanwhile, feeling his nose being rudely flicked by the aroma his wife was giving off, and bracing himself for the worst, looked down. The bulge had nearly doubled in size, and where there was previously only some barely perceptible stains, instead there was a rapidly growing patch of wet brown.

“G-Gods...H-H-Halli, I-I'm sorry-!” Kara moaned as she finally pinched off her load for a second time. The fact that she was assaulting her husband with such an unfeminine display was, in her opinion, the most humiliating exclamation point on this incident of all. “Y-you must find this so d-disgusting-”

“Don't say that Kara, nothing you do could make me think that of you!” Halli of course kept his nose wrinkled as he said this, but he meant every word of it.

+25 Bonus Bonding points were gained by Kara and Halli

Kara was coaxed away from the edge of openly crying when she heard Halli's words. Any other husband, she imagined, would have recoiled in disgust, but here he was, at her back, preserving the remains of her dignity. However, sweet words did nothing for her colon, which, sensing victory, began its final assault against her now messy, soiled bottom.

If Kara wasn't out of time in the queue, or 30 seconds ago, she was out now. Her bowels were about to finish what they started.

Her whole body was on fire. Her face burned with shame as her husband willed her to believe it would be all right, that this foul weight, ruining her panties and tights and dirtying her cheeks would not be the end. Her insides burned in urgency as the remaining load boiled inside her, tearing at the last of her strength to hold back. Halli's words were so far away, but she could feel them over the terrible, moist mess cradled on her rear. But then, Kara went cold.

The fiery urgency began to wane and weaken as the coldness started. A tingling in her spine, rising up and out and all around. As it spread, the hairs on her neck began to stand, and a great feeling of emptiness descended in her. It was like being at the edge of a cliff, and suddenly falling. Her eyes widened as she realized, this was it. Already, her bottom hole was yawning once more, soft mess pushing, nay, almost marching to meet the waiting load in her tights. Control was finally, completely gone.

Kara pushed away with a strength born of a cornered wolf. Halli nearly fell backwards as she wriggled free, and he saw her shake her head to and fro, panic writ large on her face. Her eyes settled on the tree line in the park, and she was already moving. Grace was her last concern and frankly outside of her faculties. Each step was a wide, stumbling gait, hands on her bottom trying to force her muddy cheeks together and halt what her anus was too overwhelmed to stop on its own. Yet despite this valiant effort, it mattered little how hard she squeezed, her heart racing as her bowels contracted with powerful rhythmic fury, forcing soft rope, then waves of near-formless muck into the seat of her panties as her massive accident reached its crescendo.

Fifteen seconds have passed

Kara was nearly in the midst of the bushes and trees as her accident both quickened and concluded. Most women would have considered this a lost cause at this point and given up, but Kara was running on pure adrenaline, her fight or flight response absolutely screaming the latter in her mind. As she ran, the grapefruit-and-a-half sized bulge in and around the seat of her panties bounced wildly, several times pulling down her tights with their weight and exposing a good bit of the top of her pale, plump butt cheeks before she could tug them back up.

The spot was concealed, no revelers, no crowds to see her, it was perfect except...Kara could have wept with defeat when she saw several other women squatting down, mid-pee, or standing up to yank their clothes back up. Clearly, Kara wasn't the only ones caught short and without a restroom. Some of the girls looked up at this woman who was clearly in the middle of a major accident.

No, she was done searching. She had to squat. If absolutely nothing else, she was determined to finish her poo somewhere that wasn't in her panties and tights.

Running up to the nearest unoccupied tree, she hooked her thumbs around the waistband of her tights and panties at last, peeling them down as she dropped into a squat. Her bowels did the rest...

“A-a-a-AH!!”

Letting out a sob of relief, a short but violent cacophony of farts, expulsions, and crackles exited her muddy rear as she finished emptying her bowels in the grass below. Her head was swimming with emotion and relief as words from the other ladies echoed in and out of her head, dimly thankful that they weren't groans or gags of disgust.

“Oh my goodness!”

“...from the queue too?”

“...don't worry honey, I was wet down to my knees when I got here...”

Kara caught her breath, gulping for air as she wiped the sweat off of her brow and the tears from her eyes. At last, it was finally over...at least this part of her ordeal...

Willing up her courage, she finally looked down, shame burning to her cheeks as she realized just what she had done. Bunched in her panties and tights between her legs was a messy disaster that she cringed to behold. She didn't want to think too hard into the details, but phrases like “chocolate cake slice” came to mind. Her panties were overfilled, her mess having indeed pushed her soil past her leg holes and badly fouled her tights. Everything it touched was stained an obvious brown, and Kara didn't have to imagine what her cheeks looked like, she could feel how muddy they were.

She felt so helpless squatting there, she didn't have a scrap of tissue or cloth to clean up with, certainly not a mess of this magnitude. She thought about asking the other ladies squatted around her, but unless they had a full change of pants, there was nothing they could do for her. Would she have to wait until her husband came and investigated? Would she have to wait here in shame until he came back with something for her to change into?

The first true, vanquished, hiccupy sob broke out of Kara's throat, when from her right, four more women came barreling into the small, concealed area. Kara, after a moment, recognized three of them, the girls who had lined up behind her when she was still squirming in the queue.

All three of them looked as though they were about to burst, and her eyes widened when she saw the back of one of them, the brown-haired girl in the short skirt. The pleated garment was hiked up, and as she shifted and danced, Kara saw it.

The bulge swinging and bouncing in this girl's underwear was unmistakable, she had pooped her panties! Another girl, the one wearing a purple-black dress...though Kara couldn't be too sure, her movements gave a suggestion that her own underwear was heavy with a load as well.

Kara very nearly let out a misplaced laugh, managing to suppress it before it escaped. She thought she was the only woman in this entire city who had to bear through this indignity, and yet another, perhaps two more were in the same boat she was a minute or so ago.

As the long-dressed girl was slowly led away by a redhead, the brown-haired girl waddled quite close to the very tree she was squatting near, far too desperate to notice Kara, dropping into a squat of her own as she yanked down her panties. Kara's watched as a large log tumbled out of the seat of the girl's smudged underwear, soon joined by another that was already yawning her bottom wide open before that spilled forth too. Then another. Then another. Her blonde-haired friend soon joined her as well, squatting down and her leavings pouring from her cheeks too.

As Kara squatted there, watching these young ladies empty their bowels, her own rumbled softly as she realized in disbelief that a little bit of her mess remained inside her. All the willing to empty herself fully, Kara pushed, feeling a small snake slither from her back exit. And...maybe out of a desire to feel like her blunder was shared, rather than simply being concerned for this girl who too has soiled her panties, Kara spoke to her:

“O-oh dear, you too?”

Kara's voice was a little higher pitched than normal, and she rewiped the sweat and tears off her face after after realizing she must look in quite a state. However, the brown hair girl didn't seem to notice, bleary-eyed with relief as she looked up.

“H-Huh?”

Kara continued to chat, midway through her own final little load of poo pushing out from between her cheeks. As ridiculous as it sounded, she almost felt a bit of camaraderie with this relief-drunk woman who too had fouled her panties, albeit to a far lesser extent.

“Hnnh....d-don't be embarrassed sweetie, I started f-hnnkhh-filling my panties in that dreadful queue too, I couldn't even make it home! If it weren't' for this, I'd be in an even worse ssshnn-state than I am now-”

Kara felt positively ridiculous saying this. With her mind now clear, she realized the little bit of mess she pushed into the grass paled in comparison to the small mountain she had made in the bunched up tights and panties at her ankles. Yet, this didn't seem to register with the young woman, who nodded as another log pushed from her rear.

“H-hah-t-thank you...” she managed to reply to Kara. Though as she caught her breath, finishing freeing herself of the substantial burden in her bowels, she slowly became more coherent.

“Are you here for the festival too? If you'd like, you can freshen up at my house. It's probably less crowded than the inns in town right now.” Kara baffled even herself...hospitality at a time like this? In any other circumstance...if it weren't for this girl waddling up next to her with a load of poo in her panties...Kara would have rather simply evaporated off the face of the earth in pure shame. But though she still felt her face on fire with the embarrassment of such a large, public accident, this girl at least allowed her to keep her wits about her.

“...y-you know...sure, I...I can take you up on that! What do you think Lily?”

“Mmmhhh...”

The other girl, on her left, was lost in her own relief, a significant pile behind her ass as a hissing stream issued between her thighs to the grass below.

“Just...give her a moment.”

Kara chuckled to herself, but her laughter quickly vanished as she looked back down at the state of her bottomwear.

“Would you...like some tissues?” the brown-haired girl asked tentatively, noticing how bad of an accident Kara had

“No, thank you though dear...it would most likely make things worse at this point...”

Sighing, and avoiding touching any of her leavings, Kara attempted to tip her load out of her panties and tights, and onto the grass below. Though some came out, far more remained caked to the fabric, and even if she could get the rest out, the stain she had on the seat would be unmistakable.

With little other choice, and swallowing her pride, Kara slowly stood up, taking her messy panties and tights and slowly pulling them back up around her hips. She cringed as she felt her mess pressing up against her rump once more. She thought about what she'd do, what she'd say to Halli, Johann, and Emilía when she saw them again...

“W-wait! You're not going back out there like that, are you?” the brown-haired girl said, alarmed, as she finished dabbing the stain on her panties with a tissue

“I don't have much of a choice...” Kara responded, despondent. “My husband is waiting for me nearby and...”

“Hang on, I have an idea.”

Pulling up her panties, she walked up to Kara, unclasping the front button on the blue jacket she was wearing. Shrugging off the sleeves, she wrapped it around Kara's waist, tying it firmly.

“There, it's not much, but it's better than nothing. Lily, can you talk to her husband for her while I take her home? We'll meet up there.”

“You got it!”

Kara stood there, blinking several times as, for the first time in the last half-hour, she felt in control again.

“I...I don't think we've been properly introduced. I'm Kara Grímsdóttir.”

“Solveig Tveit!” the brown haired girl responded cheerfully.

“Liliana Seuhans-Gagliardi.” the blonde haired girl said with a smile.

And with that, a new friendship began with Kara and the four adventurers she met in the thick trees and shrubs of Arcadia's park. And though she had thoroughly messed her Founding Day tights and white panties, she gained something much greater.

