Skunkgirl Roommates [Has Messing and Farting Content]

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*000*2019-04-28 20:02

[Hello everyone! Nikolai here with a new story series! Today, I wanna make a story where you, the reader, are now roommates with two skunk girls who love to fart and sometimes mess~ hope you enjoy the series~]

"Man, I've been walking down this road for ages now.. where is this place?" You ask yourself, looking down at the paper in your hands.

Your parents have recently kicked you out of the house, and you needed a place to live. On the paper, there are two names under the residents section. Miku and Keko.

Miku and Keko are two lovely skunk girls looking for a third roommate. You happened to be the lucky winner. Lucky you, huh?

The only thing is, you don't know the two girls are skunk girls. You just assumed they were possibly ordinary girls or a couple of nekos.

You stop in the middle of the block you were walking on. You look down at the paper and read the house number to yourself.

"1438.." You say as you look up from the paper, looking for the house with that number.

You notice a dark purple house that stands out from the rest. It looks very tidy and cared for, and that's what catches your eye.

You read the digits next to the front door.

"1438.." You say quietly to yourself. Then your eyes light up as you realize that this was the place!

"Oh finally! I was beginning to think that the house was fake!" You say excitedly.

Without hesitation, you swiftly walk up the walkway leading to the front porch. You continue walking up the stone pathway, eager to meet both Miku and Keko.

As you walked up the pathway, your nerves made you feel slightly nervous. You've never really spoken to many girls before. Maybe you'll get along with these two!

You finally reach the porch, and gently step up the single stair. You slowly walk up to the front door.

You take in a deep breath, nervous on meeting your new roommates. You extend your hand out in front of you slowly, and your finger gets closer and closer to the doorbell.

Your finger meets the doorbell, and you ring it. You hear the doorbell ring inside the small little house. Then you hear two female voices from inside.

"Oh, who could that be??" You hear one say.

"Ooh! It must be the new roommate! Let's go greet him!" You hear the other say.

You stand there for a few moments before the door opens, revealing the two girls.

One girl was wearing a white and black hoodie, with black leggings. The other was in a blue tank top with grey leggings. But you immediately noticed the one thing that stood out the most about these two girls.

They both had huge, fluffy skunk tails and cute little skunk ears. And their hair was black eith little white stripes in it. This took you by surprise as you have never seen a skunk girl before.

"Hello! You must be the new roommate! I'm Keko! And this is Miku!" The one girl in the hoodie said as she wrapped her arm around the other and pulled her close.

[This is the end of the first part! If you like it, stay tuned for the next part! ♡]

*004*2019-05-04 14:17

I see you all are really enjoying this, which actually surprises me. I didn't think this would do well.

Well, I am gonna work on the next part of the story soon. I'm a huge procrastinator but, I'm sure I should have the next part done by sometime this weekend.

I love you all! ❤

*008*2019-08-15 18:09

Hello! I am finally creating the next part of the story! Stay tuned~

*009*2019-08-15 18:47

You can't help but look at the two skunk girls. You thought their pictures were just filters or edits, or even outfits, but you realize how real their ears and tail look! They even twitch and move! This surprises you beyond belief!

"H-hi!" You hear Miku say a little shyly as she was pulled in close to Keko. She is seen wearing an oversized black T-shirt. The two girls must like oversized outfits..

"Hello! I'm [your name]!" You say to the two girls. You are still shocked at their ears and tails!

"Come on in!" Keko says as she steps aside for you. You begin your way into the cozy house. Once you step inside, you notice an odd faint smell.. It kind of smells like.. farts? You decide to disregard this oddity. You here the front door gently shut behind you.

"Take a seat on the couch! We can go over everything you'll need to know!" Keko says as she pats a spot on the couch with her hand as she gazes up at you with a warm smile. You take a seat on the soft warm couch. The couch also has the odd smell that you smelled earlier, but you do as before and disregard it. The two girls take a seat on a love seat to the right of the couch.

"As we've said before, I'm Keko, and this is Miku! You can tell us apart by the colour patterns in our hair!" Keko says as she looks down and shows you her white striped hair. She then points to Miku's hair, and shows off the spotted pattern. "I'm sure you're surprised at how, erm, different we are!"

"Y-yeah.. It's definitely different!" You say to her. "I thought that they were just filters!"

"Nope! We are the real deal! From an experiment over in Japan!" Miku says to you with a smile.

"I hope he/she doesn't ask about the smell..." you hear Keko whisper embarrassingly to Miku. Then they both look at you and know you've heard what she whispered.

"I suppose we should explain to you, then.." Keko says in an embarrassed way. This is a complete 180° from her colourful personality. You lean in to hear her better. "You see, we are partially skunks, so.. Um..." She blushes up. "Skunks are known for not smelling pleasant and, during the experiments, um... We had f-fart glands put into us... Which needs to be released of pressure pretty often.. We also have, erm... Overactive bowels and have a lot of accid-" She is cut off by Miku.

"SHHHHSHSHSHHH!" Miku interrupts and puts a finger over Keko's mouth. "Don't need to tell him about that!" She says.

"I wonder if she was going to say accidents..." You think silently and slightly find yourself getting.. intrigued?? You disregard this!

"Girls! It's fine! Really! I don't mind the smell!" You say to them both. Secretly, you enjoy farts quite a bit! Ever since you were 13, you've found yourself enjoying them! At age 13, your girlfriend/boyfriend naughtily farted right into your lap! At the time, you should have been grossed out beyond belief, but.. you found yourself strangely intrigued by the action and the smell.. Ever since then, you found yourself getting turned on by farts! Even as the adult you are today!

"It doesn't gross you out..?" Keko asks you shyly. You shake your head in response with a warm smile.

"Why should I? It's only nature taking it's course!" You say. You thought about mentioning your shameful fetish, but decide to keep it as a secret. Little did you know the two girls have a couple secrets of their own!

Then you see Keko close her eyes and look down and put her face in her hands, though her oversized hoodie had hid her arms in the sleeves, so she was really hiding into her hoodie. You see Keko slightly lift her butt off the couch, then a faint muffled frrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrt can be heard. To your surprise, Keko just farted right in front of you! Keko keeps her blushing face hidden, and Miku just sits there and blushes! Maybe they liked this kind of thing as well..?

"I-I'm so sorry! I can't stop it when it comes..!" Keko says embarrassingly!

"It- it's okay! Really! I.." You take a deep breath in.. "I find it cute, actually.." You confess and blush. Then you notice Keko slowly lifting her face from it's hiding spot to look up at you.

"R-really..?" She asks you, slightly surprised. You can't help but smile warmly and nod. Then, before you can collect yourself, Keko swiftly jumps from her seat and tackles you onto your back on the couch! She wraps her arms and legs around you and embraces you then and there in a warm skunky cuddle! You hear a soft purr come from her as she nuzzles your cheek! Miku can't help but smile and watch the warm embrace!

Her embrace was not the only thing that followed her leap, though.. The smell of her flatulence strangely did, too.. Then came the warm blush on your face..

Hello all! Author here! I hope you enjoyed the second part of my little story! I deeply apologize for the giant delay! I just didn't have the motivation! But, I now do, and you should expect updates to come more frequently now! Hope you look forward to the next part!

