A Christmas accident

Author: Valandrea

*000*2019-12-21 12:34

A Christmas accident

« Stop this, right now Zachary ! »

This was the sound of his father’s voice. As he heard it, Zach instantly let go of his cousin’s collar. He suddenly realized what had happened : he went on a violent fight with his cousin Paul and was actually beating his head on the ground.

It took a moment to reconnect with reality and to remember why this fight had begun. Was it because Paul called him a « dick » (and other beautiful names of that sort) or because he had been trying (and succeeding) for several days to prove that his dad was closer to him than to his own son ?

Either way, Zach had crashed his cousin. Finally. After years and years of self control, he exploded. This intense hate for each other began 6 christmases ago, when Zach’s cousin lost his father in a car accident. They were only 9 years old when it happened. Since that day, Zach’s father gave almost all his time and energy to become a father figure to his nephew, neglecting his own son. Zach had never told his dad how much he missed him, it wouldn’t have been fair, but his nephew knew his loss and pain and every christmas holiday became hell since then. His cousin made sure Zach would suffer from jealousy and negligence every time.

But this time, he crossed the line.

As he was trying to reconnect, Zach suddenly felt arms getting him up with violence and pushing him away. The next thing he saw was his dad trying to get his nephew up with care (as a doctor would do ? or as a father ?). Paul’s face was covered in blood.

The room around them became messy : every member of the family was around Paul, crying, screaming, agitating while Zach was standing on a corner, looking at his bloody hands in shock. What had he done ? He could feel every one gazing at him with fear and anger and looking at his cousin with pity.

« Nothing’s broken. » reassured Zach’s dad, looking at the assistance. « Are you okay, Paul ? » he asked, turning back to the boy.

« He hurt me, uncle. » Paul said in a soft voice.

« I know. You will be fine, my boy. I’ll go get some medicine and you get some rest. » he said. « Take him to his room and clean his face. I’ll be back as fast as I can. » he said to his sister, Paul’s mother.

As he was a doctor, every one listened carefully to Zach’s dad. Plus, he was the kind of man you obeyed to, wether you agreed with him or not. He was always fair, upright and firm. His authority was unquestionable.

As his dad turned his gaze back to him, Zach felt a leak of pee wetting his underwear. Saying he was afraid of him at this instant would be an understatement. He was completely frozen, incapable of doing anything. As his dad took a step forward him, Zach felt another leak of pee leaving his penis. His briefs were soaked, that was sure. The feeling of wet woke him up and he realized then that he had a furious need to pee.

« You come with me. » his dad said in a sharp voice, taking a firm grip on his son’s arm.

As they lead to the front door, Zach took a look at the bathroom door in despair.

« Dad… »

« Not a word. » his dad responded in anger.

Zach knew he wouldn’t hold long. Maybe it was because of the fear, the shock or the sadness but he has this feeling of certainty that he would not come back to the house with his pants dry.

As on every family holiday, they were staying in the country house, 3 miles away from the city center. Zach wouldn’t be able to hold until they arrived in town, he knew it.

When they arrived to the car, Zach’s dad pushed him inside before slamming the door. Before his dad start the vehicle, Zach tried one more time.

« Dad… I can’t go with you. I need to… » he started.

« I’m not leaving you in that house alone anymore. You will take your responsibility, Zachary. You will buy some medicines and apologize to your cousin. I don’t want to hear another word now. » he replied sharply.

As they drove off, Zach could feel tears of despair growing in his eyes. His bladder was beginning to kill him with pain. He crossed his legs, trying to refrain his urgent need. He wanted to put his hands on his crotch, pinch his penis to prevent any leak but he couldn’t show his dad that he was about to have an accident in his pants.

« I can’t believe what just happened. Are you out of your mind, Zach ? » his dad finally asked as he get on the highway.

Zach didn’t know how to answer to that question. Or if he would even be able to speak. He just wanted to cry out his despair. He had two urgent needs : he needed his dad to recognize his presence in the family and he needed his dad to let him pee. Both these needs were melting and making him absolutely weak.

« You won’t talk ? You want to let me talk for you, is that it ? » his dad continued, angry.

Zach felt a lump leave his throat as he felt a sharp stream leave his penis. He could hear the hissing noise of pee wetting the front of his jeans. In a moan, he instantly put both his hands on his crotch to stop the flow and hide the distinct wet patch forming on the front of his trousers.

« You are 15 years old, Zach ! How can you act so childishly ? It has been six years now that you constantly fight with your cousin ! I thought you would grow up and cease this stupid rivalry over the years. But no, you had to add violence ! » he screamed, gazing furiously at the road.

« Please… » Zach murmured as he felt another spurt wetting his jeans.

« Please ? You want me to stop yelling, Zach ? » he asked ironically. « You should have think of the consequences before beating up your cousin ! I can’t believe my son did such a foolish thing ! » he continued.

« Oh god… Dad… » Zach murmured between his tears. He couldn’t help but squirm a little on his seat. He could feel a succession of spurts leaving his briefs and hit his jeans. He could feel his bottom getting completely soaked. He wouldn’t be able to hide it any longer.

« You are starting to realize what you did, now ? » his dad asked in a softer voice as he noticed his son’s tears.

What Zach was beginning to realize at this instant was his need to poop. As the need to pee grew he could feel farts leaving his butthole.

« Oh no… I can’t hold it… » he murmured.

« You can cry, Zach. It’s a good thing you realize the stupidity of your actions. » his dad said, thinking his son was trying to hold his tears.

As a succession of spurts wet his jeans, a succession of farts left his butthole. He was losing both battles : pee and poop. He could feel his poop pushing in his butt, trying to force the entry onto his briefs. He wanted to put his hand on his bottom but his dad would instantly know that he was having an accident in in pants. A look on the outside made him realized that they were almost there, they were entering the center of the town. He knew he couldn’t hide this any longer.

« Dad… I need to pee… » he cried softly.

« What ? Is that what you can’t hold ? » his dad asked with incomprehension.

Zach nodded, blushing.

« We’re almost there, hold a little longer. » his dad ordered.

« I don’t think I can, dad… » Zach said, lowing his head as he felt another long spurt wetting his leg.

Zach’s dad took a look at his son and noticed his complete despair. The young man was squirming on his seat, crying, holding his crotch like hell. He looked like a little boy. How could he had not seen his desperate state ?

« Have you wet your pants already ? » he asked.

Zach couldn’t answer. He couldn’t admit what was happening right now. He couldn’t tell his dad how wet he was and how his poop was threatening to invade his briefs. He just timidly shook his head in deny.

« Take your hands of your pants, Zachary. » his dad ordered as he parked the car.

Zach shook his head.

« Take your hands away, now. » he said, sharper.

As Zach took his hands away, he felt long spurt wetting his thigh and running through his leg.

« You already peed your pants, Zach ! » he said, surprised, « Stand up that I can see how much of an accident this is. » he asked his son.

Zach stood on his fragile feet, trying not to unclenched his legs. He was so ashamed. His dad would see how much he had peed already. But this was not even the bigger issue. As he rose, he felt farts leaving his butt, opening his butthole. He could feel his poop pushing harder and harder. He couldn’t help but put a hand on his butt to prevent poop to get out.

« Oh dear. Do you have to poop, Zach ? » his dad asked in disbelief.

« I need to poop so bad, daddy. » Zach cried. « I can’t hold it any longer. It’s pushing so bad… » he continued.

« Hold on, boy. We are going out of the car and we’ll find some bathroom quickly. » he said calmly. « But you have to restrain yourself from peeing and pooping in your pants. Can you male it for me, boy ? » he asked.

« I can’t hold it… I’m going to poop myself, dad. » Zach cried.

« Come on, let’s get out now. » his dad said while leaving his seat and opening his son’s car door. « Get on your feet, quick ! » he ordered.

Zach tried to rise from the car as fast as possible but every step was very painful and dangerous. He could feel his penis leaking constantly and his poop getting out.

As he finally got out of the car, he felt his bladder break in a very long spurt. His legs were wetting until a large paddle of urine was formed around his feet. His dad and him both could hear the clear and violent hissing sound before the urine hit the floor.

As he tried so hard not to let go of his bottom, he felt his butthole loosen at the same time as his bladder. In a few silent farts, he felt his poop pushing despite his will. He felt his briefs filling with a hard poop, little by little.

First he felt a small bump forming on his bottom but in a second fart he felt his bump getting bigger and heavier. After 3 involuntary pushes, he had finally done it. Zach had had a poop accident in his pants. His hand on his butt was now completely useless : the only thing he was holding was a big poop in a wet pants…

As he realized his horrible situation, he fell on the ground, in tears, trying to hide himself from his dad and every one around who had seen the accident. He wanted to hide under the car and never get out. But then he felt an arm around his shoulders.

« It’s over, boy. Calm now. I’m sorry I didn’t see you had to go to the bathroom, my dear boy. » his dad said softly before wrapping his son in his arms.

For the first time in 6 years, Zach felt like his daddy’s boy.

