Two Girls And Their Tank: A Beast In The Woods (Plus Bonus Chapter: Stuck)

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2020-03-28 01:44

I don’t even think I can begin talking about how long this has been in the works. Six months? Seven? It’s taken so much work that I even took a break several times to write other stories, but finally it’s done. I had this brief period where I REALLY wanted to write about two girls exploring a destroyed world from the safety of an old military tank and this was the final result.

I do have a Ko-Fi if you like my stories and wish to support me: https://ko-fi.com/callumdoesathing

___

Two Girls And Their Tank: A Beast In The Woods

“... and that was another fine arrangement by the Miriam String Quartet.” Over a hiss of static, Buck Allworth saw off the last song with a few kind words of gratitude for the person who had sent in the old vinyl.

“From the Pipeworks, to Hawkland, all the way to Sieger’s Settlement, I’m Buck Allworth and this is Archived Radio.” He spoke softly, with a kind voice that harkened back to the old days - back to the days when families could gather around the radio in the comfort of their own homes and bask in the enchanting music of the big bands.

“Next up, we have Booker White’s Moonlight Band singing ‘And I’m a sucker for you.’”

“Ooh~” Annie crooned, sweeping her frizzy locks from her eyes and taking another bite of her sandwich.

She sat like a child, legs crossed and a bottle of fizzing soda in her hand, tapping the glass in rhythm to the music. When the music started, it was like being wrapped up in a whimsical world; Annie leant back, closed her eyes and let the music of yesteryear wash over her.

All Annie had experienced in her lifetime was the melancholy strum of a guitar or the quiet, but sombre sounds of a violin. The music of the roadside settlements was depressing, as quiet and miserable as the world that surrounds them.

But when she tuned into Archive radio, hosted by the soft-spoken Buck Allworth, she could close her eyes and let herself get lost in the grand old tunes of yesteryear.

She liked to imagine that she was back in time, standing among a crowd of men and women, the elite of the former world, the people who dressed the best and knew how to have a good time. They’d be ready for a night on the town, wearing black freshly pressed suits with matching ties and the women in their long flowing gowns that hide their white sparkling shoes beneath their long elegant flow, just like the old magazines showed her.

She’d be lost in a haze of cigarette smoke, the smell of freshly lit cigars and expensive brandy clouding her nostrils. There’d be sounds of chatter, gossip and laughter all set against the tremendous music of a large brass band.

“I’d be dressed for such an event too.” Annie sighed, her heart fluttered as she lost herself in her thoughts.

She wrapped a strand of her long curly hair around her finger, imagining herself with long straight hair. “What kind of do would I have? A ponytail maybe?” She rubbed her thumb against her finger, trapping the lock of hair between them. “Or maybe long and straight like when I was a little girl.”

“Annie!” There was a shrill scream, like that of a girl who had been waiting for far too long. “Annie! Get your head out of your arse!”

It was Piper, who was glaring up at her with a subtle look of anger, but with Piper she never did anything subtly. She put her hands on her hips and leant in, bringing her stern gaze closer to Annie.

Her shrill yells were enough to whisk Annie away from her yesteryear fantasies. She watched it all burn away before her eyes; the tall golden columns around her shifted and shaped into rows of tall, dead trees that she saw everyday on the roadside, devoid of colour, scorched and crumbling before her eyes.

The carpeted red floor that she strolled across elegantly was warm, and growing warmer. It cracked and tore apart, revealing a spanning landscape of depressing grey tarmac.

And the large brass she imagined central at the front of the hall disappeared in a puff of smoke, and the magical music they composed was nothing more than the sound of an old vinyl over the crackling radio.

Once again, Annie found herself sitting on the steel frame of their tank, a half-eaten sandwich on her lap and an empty bottle of Freckleman’s soda. “S-Sorry Piper.” She glanced with sorrowful eyes at her comrade below her, feeling the impatience burning through those fiery eyes. “W-What do you need?”

Piper huffed, swept back her black hair and climbed up onto the tank. “I needed the crowbar. I tried yelling at you, but you were off in your head again so I came back to get it myself.” She shook her head, swept her hair back again and climbed down into the tank’s compartment.

Annie stood up, scratched her numb arse until she could feel her cheeks again, and scoffed down the last half of her sandwich. “Do you need a hand finding it?” She called down to Piper, spewing crumbs onto the tank.

“Nope, I’ll be fine.” Piper’s voice echoed back. “Ah, here it is! Heads up!”

A loud metallic clang rattled Annie’s attention, causing her to jump. She swung herself around and saw the crowbar lying on the ground. It landed with such force it shattered the tarmac around where it had landed.

Piper re-emerged from the compartment, stretched her arms, and hopped down from the frame. She picked up the crowbar, gave it a few swings and once she was satisfied, swung it over her shoulder. “There we go, this should bust the lock.” She said with a smile.

Piper walked off along the forecourt and around the side of the old building - Wellington Gas & Services was the name of the store - An old service station from the time of yesteryear, now boarded up and barricaded, left to rot in the scorched countryside.

Piper, the older of the two girls, had once been a Tank Commander for the Hawkland Army, and her military past showed clearly in almost anything she did. She wore a dark green jumpsuit and black boots that were beginning to show their age. Her long dark brown hair was often worn in a simple ponytail so it wouldn’t cover her face.

She was quite militant, with the steeled looks of an army commander. She rarely smiled and most of the time she would stare intently, her brows furrowed and her eyes scouting everywhere, always on the lookout for danger.

Annie however, was nothing like her comrade. She was a civilian from an old oilworks settlement just outside of the Hawklands. She was an engineer for the pipelines and her past knowledge was what eventually led to her coming along with Piper, though rarely did she get to touch any of the delicate parts of the Tank.

She dressed in a simple pair of denim overalls with a white tee and knickers beneath them. She had frizzy ginger hair that often curled and freckled cheeks that dotted her pale face, especially around her button nose.

After about ten minutes, and some very loud banging, Piper emerged from behind the old shop, bringing with her a long black hose. “See, I told you there’d be some left.” She said proudly and dropped the hose behind the tank.

“I never doubted it, Piper.” Annie rolled her eyes. Not once could she remember telling Piper that there wouldn't be any fuel left, yet Piper continued to act like she had proven her wrong.

The tank would take some time to refuel, so the girls passed the time in their own way.

Annie climbed atop the turret, made herself comfortable, and decided to read through a comic she’d found in a ruin sometime ago. It was an old comic - a story of a superhero from another world who had come to Earth. She sat with her back against the warm steel, her sleeves rolled up, reading through the action-packed pages and sipping on a bottle of cola.

Piper, having brought her tools out from the main compartment, crawled under the tank and started to make some small repairs to the tank. She’d wrapped the top of her overalls around her waist, showing off her oil-stained vest and a teasing glance of her perky chest. She climbed down beneath the murky underbelly of the tank and with a flashlight clasped between her teeth and a spanner in hand she got to work tightening up the loose bolts.

She took great care of her tank and she was always anxious that slogging the steel behemoth through the rough terrain was beginning to wear down the underbelly. Even the toughest tanks couldn’t handle the vile swamps and murkland that now polluted the world.

She was minding her own business, struggling with a bolt that was stuck with mud, when she felt a niggle from her lower tummy. She grimaced at the feeling and put a hand atop her stomach. Finally, her morning coffee had settled and she needed to take a leak.

Piper dropped the flashlight and sighed. It had been a while since she’d last done it. She and Annie had woken up, settled who got what rations over a game of rock-paper-scissors, and then took turns pissing into a dry well of mud before driving off down the road.

However Piper was quite fond of drinking coffee while she drove. The caffeine kept her alert and she was really fond of the taste; The bitterness of dark coffee reminded her of the army. Usually, she would empty a whole flask of freshly made coffee before the afternoon and another in the evening.

“It’s that time again.” Sighed Piper. She grabbed the bottom of the frame and pulled herself out from beneath the tank. The sun was blinding and she raised an arm to shield her eyes.

“Is everything okay underneath?” Annie asked, peering over the pages of her comic book and revealing her deep blue eyes beneath a curtain of ginger hair.

“Yep.” Piper replied plainly, uninterested in conversation. She untied her overalls, letting them fall around her boots and giving Annie a full view of her bare slender legs, glistening with sweat, and a pair of white knickers smudged with motor oil.

“Keep an eye on the gas tank.” She ordered Annie, looking over her shoulder and casting a commanding glare in her comrades' direction.

“Huh? Why? Where are you going?” Annie rested her comic book by her side and crawled to the rear of the tank. “Are you going to take a leak?” She tried asking, though as she lost herself in the dazzling view of Piper’s long bare legs, she had a feeling that she knew the answer.

Piper slipped out of her overalls and chucked them atop the tank, landing them on the turret right beside Annie, and strutted off towards an old rusted out car. “Where do you think?” She yelled back at Annie without turning to her.

Watching Piper walk off, Annie felt a familiar feeling burning within her. She felt her cheeks grow warm and her ladyhood quiver. She enjoyed when Piper did her business, often watching her during their breaks along the road; She’d sneak a sly peek from behind the tank while Piper was squatting.

Seeing Piper hunkered down, with her cheeks spread and a long golden stream splattering noisily between her legs and onto the dry earth between her muddy boots. It made Annie shiver with a pleasurable, yet sinful quiver.

With a sly smirk, Annie rolled over onto her stomach to get a fine view of Piper strutting bottomless across the forecourt. The white cotton of her knickers failed to contain the fine form of Piper’s well-endowed backside, the rear of her knickers were enveloped by her crack.

Annie nursed the bottle of soda, letting the bubbles tickle her tongue, and lay on her tummy with her feet hanging in the air. She watched Piper go behind the rusted car, bending down beside the backseats to hide herself, but there were no doors on the car, meaning that from atop the tank, Annie got quite the pleasant view.

“I wonder if it’s number one or number two.” Annie asked herself, remembering that Piper drank quite a bit of coffee this morning..

She got her answer soon enough as she watched a sputter of piss dribble from between Piper's thighs. She could tell Piper grunted, noticing her anus wince between her spread cheeks. “Hmm~” Annie sighed. Piper had an amazing butt, one that she could never get tired of staring at.

Annie watched lewdly, her eyes fixed on Piper squatting behind the old car, a sinful smile on her face as that little sputter of piss blossomed into a long, pale stream. It fell, catching the sunlight and splattering against the dry tarmac, leaving a puddle.

She enjoyed watching, though without Piper’s knowledge. There was something pleasurable about watching her friend relieve herself, something strange that made the soft spot between her thighs quiver with glee.

She loved the way her stream rained between her legs, wetting her thighs as a few stray dribbles ran down her bare legs. The way her pale fluids hit the sunlight, sparkling. And of course, the very faint, but obvious sound of her piss striking the tarmac, a heavy splattering like rain hitting stone in the distance.

Piper’s stream grew stronger, striking the concrete fiercely. She shuffled around, moving her boots to avoid them getting splattered. It didn’t work; her boots were getting doused by the smallest splatters of pee.

Annie giggled to herself, delighted by the sight of Piper’s butt and the long pale stream running between her legs.

She didn’t really understand why it was so pleasurable to watch Piper relieve herself, there was just something about it that made the soft spot between her thighs quiver whenever she mentioned it.

Maybe it was just watching her stream rain from between her thighs, dampening her soft thighs with a few dribbles and the hefty splattering splashing against her butt. Maybe it was the way the sunlight hit her stream, giving it a distinct sparkle. Or maybe it was the faint, but obvious sound of her piss as it struck the dry ground, the sound resonating on the wind.

Perhaps it was just the naughtiness of leering from a distance, deriving a quivering pleasure from spying on her comrade during this most personal moment for a girl.

Suddenly, there was an overwhelming stink of gasoline in the air. Annie grimaced, her whole face twisting at the smell. It was vile, but she wasn’t going to let that stop her from enjoying this simplest of pleasures. There was only so much time she could enjoy it for and she wanted to make sure that she remembered every little detail of Piper’s little comfort break.

Once she saw the last little splutter of pee dribble into the large puddle between Piper’s boots, Annie sat her soda down by her side and watched her dry off. Without any paper, Piper had no choice but to shake. She stood up, her knees bent, and jiggled her butt softly to shake off the last few drops.

Annie rolled over onto her back and sighed. She was quivering, every inch of her body shuddered in delight. There was nothing better in her day than that lewd glance of Piper during her most private moment. She lay there in the sun, rubbing her thighs together and letting her perverted thoughts get the best of her.

“Annie! Annie!” A girl kept calling to her. “ANNIE!”

It took her a moment to realize that it was Piper calling for her, and she didn’t sound too pleased about being ignored. Annie rolled onto her belly, shaking her head to whisk herself away from her perverted thoughts.

She could see Piper running toward the tank, her knickers barely covering up her slit which glistened with a dribble of pee between her lips.

“ANNIE! HEAD OUT OF YOUR ARSE!” Piper screamed, injecting all of her fury into those words alone.

Those words were enough for Annie to flinch. This time she knew Piper was serious. “Hmm? What? What’s up!?” She yelled back in confusion, struggling to put her thoughts together.

The air was now reeking, thick with gasoline. Once her head was clear, she noticed the sound of something hissing too.

“The pipe! You idiot!” Piper pointed frantically to the side of the tank. “I told you to watch the pipe while I went for a piss!”

“The pipe?” Annie turned in the direction Piper was pointing and that’s when she saw exactly why Piper was so angry. “THE PIPE! SHIT!” Her whole face dropped in disbelief, she didn't have any more words.

The nozzle Piper had hooked up to the Tank was spluttering, spitting out gasoline all over the forecourt and up the tank, washing it in thick viscous fuel.

“There’s a kink in the line!” Piper yelled, pointing to a length of the pipe that was bulging, clogged by fuel that struggled to navigate the kink. "How did you not notice it!?" She was infuriated, seething even.

She rushed up to the nozzle, planted her foot against the tank to steady herself and wrapped both hands around the nozzle. She heaved, putting all of her strength into pulling it from the fuel tank.

The nozzle came loose, disconnecting with a metallic click. It gushed gasoline, the force being enough to push Piper back a few inches. She slammed her foot on the ground and grappled the flailing nozzle like she was fighting a large snake.

It sprayed gasoline everywhere, showering the forecourt, the Tank and even Piper herself a little bit.

She struggled to control the flailing pipe, and seeing Annie’s dumbward gaze like she’d been left paralyzed, she knew she was in this on her own. She was given no choice but to let go of the pipe. “Annie, get behind something now!” She yelled and at that moment, let go of it.

Before it could hit the floor, Piper was already off. She sprinted behind the tank to shield herself from getting any wetter than she already was. Her shirt and trousers were already soaked by the nozzle sputtering fuel everywhere.

They both watched from cover as the fuel sprayed everywhere. “All that gasoline being pissed away…” Piper frowned. Enough gasoline to get them at least another hundred miles now being wasted.

It wasn’t long until everything went quiet. The hidden reserve ran dry and the pipe, finally tapped out, collapsed into the giant pool of gasoline it had created. The strong smell of gasoline pierced the air, overwhelming their senses.

Now that the chaos was over, Annie hopped down from the tank and over to Piper. Now that everything had settled, she was up for helping. “Are you okay?” She asked. “You didn’t get soaked or anything, right?”

“I’m fine… I’m fine.” Piper sighed. She looked up at her tank, frowning at the sight of wasted gasoline. There must’ve been enough there for another hundred miles, and now it was dripping down the side of the tank.

Annie knew she’d messed up, but it felt worse when she saw Piper frown. “I’m sorry, Piper.” She apologized, looking down at her feet like a worried puppy, her face hidden by a frizzy curtain of ginger hair.

Piper sighed and climbed up onto the tank. “It’s fine, Annie. I… I should’ve just done it myself.” She lifted the hatch leading into the compartment and sat down. “We have enough gas and the storm should wash off most of that.” She hopped down into the compartment. “Grab my overalls and let’s get going.”

Annie walked through the pool of gasoline, her boots squelching against the ground. The way Piper handled that mishap was better than it had been before. Usually, she turned red, and her words were so heated she often worried she was going to spit fire.

But this time, it didn’t feel right. She was calm, collected, without a single word to show her anger.

Annie sighed, climbed up onto the tank and grabbed Piper’s overalls. Maybe she was just becoming more accepting of the disappointment.

She took one last look at the afternoon sun, enjoying these final seconds before she’d be confined to the steel innards of the tank, and finally, after she’d had her fill, climbed down the ladder and slammed the hatch closed.

She had gotten in just in time to see Piper changing into her spare clothes. Her overalls, splattered with gasoline, were balled up on the floor beside her footlocker. She had just pulled up her trousers and was buttoning the front when Annie got down the ladder.

“Ready to get going?” Piper asked her, the tone in her voice still cold with frustration. It would ease up over time, but not while there was a gasoline-shaped hole in her heart.

“I guess so.” Annie nodded.

Piper, with Annie’s help, pulled the massive lever back to start the ignition. The engine sputtered to life and the sound of machinery grinding rang through the compartment. Piper ducked beneath the low ceiling separating the driver’s seat from the compartment and hopped into the seat. She took off the handbrake and with a violent jolt that lurched both girls forward, drove off down the road.

Once again, the girls passed the time in their own way during their long journey.

Piper enjoyed an old flask of coffee while she was driving. It helped her to concentrate. She sat alone in the driver’s seat with only the radio for company while she navigated the scorched roads. Every now and then she’d reach down for the thermos by her seat and take a sip of coffee. The taste was bitter and it had gone cold. Piper grimaced with every sip but it was all she needed to keep herself alert.

“Good evening to all of you out there. This is the Evening Report, helping you to keep safe during these trying times. The current time is 6pm and we’ve got quite the storm ravaging the countryside.” The radio reporter, a soft well-spoken man, gave an update on the current happenings in the world and signed off, leaving his listeners to a night of music.

The next song from a playlist of yesteryear crackled on the radio. A jazzier instrumental - those were often played during the evening.

“Hey, Piper?” Annie called out from across the compartment. Over the roaring of the engine, Piper couldn’t hear her. She could hardly hear herself. “Piper!” She screamed.

This time, Piper looked over her seat and nodded. She reached over her shoulder and turned the dial on the radio, lowering the volume and gave Annie another nod to let her know she could hear her. “Hey! What? What’s up?”

“Do you mind if we take a short break? I’ve gotta go… you know?” Annie asked with a quiver of shame, her cheeks growing a searing hot red. She leant forward in her seat, straddling the rough leather and clicking her boots together.

Piper sighed, showing her frustration as she ran a hand through her hair. She wasn’t one for unscheduled stops. She followed a strict regime that had been with her since her days with the army. Everything had to be done during one of their routine stops that she insisted they take once every few hours.

It was like clockwork to her, a routine that gave her life some normality. However to Annie it was monotonous, repetitive and straining - they’d stop, eat whatever scraps they had salvaged that day and relieve their bladders by the tank while the other stood watch before continuing off down the road.

But Piper became especially grouchy about unscheduled stops when either of them needed to answer nature’s call while on the road. Annie couldn’t help but feel a tad guilty when she saw that look of frustration on Piper’s face.

They’d been driving for hours and Annie, after holding in three bottles of soda and a heavy lunch, felt she was reaching her limit… in both departments.

She felt the peeking head of a curious brown turtle and for Annie that was enough for her to ask for a break so she could make a drop in the bushes.

Piper pulled down the lever by her seat and both girls jolted forward as the tank came to a sudden stop. The gentle rattling beneath their feet ceased and the compartment grew still. She climbed onto her knees and looked over the back of her seat with an unamused look.

“What’s it for?” She asked, glaring at Annie.

“W-What do you mean what’s it for?” Annie answered with a defensive huff. “I just said… I’ve gotta go. That’s a good ‘nuff reason.”

Piper sighed. “I mean number one or number two?” Her calm tone was cracking beneath impatience.

Hearing such a question caught Annie with her knickers down. Metaphorically. Though she did wish to have them down soon. She’d never been asked something so personal by Piper. Even if she was taking a dump during their scheduled stop, Piper never once asked just what she needed to do.

Such a question knocked her back like an explosion, causing her to spill over and land back in her chair. Blood rushed to her face and her pale freckled cheeks were left searing with embarrassment. “Why does that matter!?” She replied with a fiery voice.

“If it’s number one then just go in the canteen.” Piper waved her hand in the direction of an old metal canteen among the junk in the compartment. “We need to get a move on and I don’t want to make any stops unless I really have to.”

“I’d say this is important.” Annie protested, feeling her stomach grow heavy under the weight of her bowels.

As they were talking the pudgy mud-like lump pushed itself against her knot, stopped only by Annie clenching her cheeks. It was getting bad. She’d completely forgotten that she was bursting for a piss too. The urges in her stomach were making themselves far more known than anything her bulging bladder could produce.

With a shameful sigh, knowing that Piper wouldn’t give in unless she admitted it, Annie swallowed her shame and came forward. “It’s b-both.” She squeaked, averting her gaze from Piper’s inquisitive stare.

Her answer was met with a furrowed brow. “Hmm? Say again, I didn’t hear you?”

“It’s both…” Annie squeaked again, quieter this time. “I have to go number one and number two.”

“Okay, we can stop then.” Piper flicked the switch for the ignition down. The green light above it turned red and the low rumbling of the engines ceased instantly. “If you gotta go, you gotta go. I can do some maintenance and I don’t want you stinking up the compartment.”

Without the bellowing of the engine, there was only silence. It was quiet enough to hear the storm rattling the tank's frame. Though the engine was off the main light that dangled by a string over the compartment remained on, buzzing quietly.

“Ha, thank you.” Annie stood up and immediately she was hit with what felt like a rushing wave pushing against her waist. It was as if her bladder had filled instantly. There was a raging tide in her bladder and it was desperately seeking a place to settle.

She grabbed a handle on the wall, wrapping her hand around the cold steel. She stood pigeon-toed, the tips of her boots touching as she waited for the wave to settle.

For now, with her energy channelled into keeping her cheeks clenched and her hole puckered, her bowels didn’t cause her the same discomfort her bladder did.

Once the tide between her legs settled and Annie was confident she could walk without leaking, she hurried over to the ladder and wrapped her hands around the rungs, eager to climb out into the countryside and scurry to the nearest bush.

The thoughts of watery relief behind a bush sent a sharp shudder of delight up her spine. She hadn’t taken a piss since this morning and it had been at least a day since she had taken a dump - An old abandoned quarry, that’s where she’d last done it, using an old cement mixer as a makeshift toilet to shit in.

She climbed the first two steps of the ladder, growing ever more desperate to get outside and cater to her body’s desperate desires. Annie grinned, imagining the relief she’d soon be feeling.

“Hold on.” Piper ordered.

“Ooh… what is it now?” Annie whimpered, dancing in place and wrapping her legs around the ladder. “H-Hurry up, please P-Piper.”

Piper did no such thing. She took her time getting up from the driver’s seat, shimmied her way through the pipes and components and made her way toward the ladder and Annie without speaking a word.

Annie watched her, still squirming around the ladder as Piper pushed past her and squatted down beside the small brass case that was secured with a padlock.

“Where’s the bloody hell did I…” Piper murmured, looking around the chest.

She didn’t seem too bothered about Annie who felt like she was about to burst if she had to endure this any longer.

“Aha!” She reached onto a low shelf and took out a small silver key, which she used to unlock the case.

Annie tried to sneak a peek at what Piper was searching for, but she did a good job concealing herself as she rummaged around in the chest. She could hear things being moved, pushed aside and thrown around, but all she could see were Piper’s hands shuffling.

After a few seconds Piper stood back up and approached her red-headed friend. “You’re going to need this if you’re going out.” In her hands she held a Braun.45

“A Braun?” Annie recognized the pistol; her father had owned the same model, though this one had been better maintained - it had been cared for, with no scrapes or scratches anywhere on it. The condition was like brand new, right out of the factory.

She took it and held it in her hands briefly, feeling the weight of it. For a pistol, it was heavy. Annie couldn’t even remember the last time she had held a weapon. Perhaps the feeling would have brought more nostalgia if she wasn’t pressing her quivering girlhood against the rungs of a rusted ladder.

“It’s best you take this too.” The second item Piper presented to her was a small gizmo no larger than a rock. It was metal, cold to the touch, with wires wrapped around the handle and a small glass screen.

She handed it to Annie, who looked at it with a confused scowl, furrowing her brow as she turned it over and looked at the back. “What is it?” She asked Piper.

“An Auran device.” Piper informed her. “We used to use them to detect Eldritch lifeforms.” She reached forward and flicked a switch on the side of the device.

The device came to life in Annie’s hands, the screen flickered on and displayed a standard radar screen like she’d seen before. It crackled, the screen hissed with static and it made her hands feel fuzzy, but Annie saw nothing extraordinary about the device.

“It’s detected nothing, so we’re safe here.” Piper droned on. “If it detects something the device will start to beep, and the frequency of the beeps will let you know how close it is. The shorter the interval between pings, the closer it is.”

Annie squirmed impatiently as Piper continued to babble on. She gripped the rungs of the ladder tightly, wrapping her legs around it and squeezing her thighs against the cold steel to relieve herself of the overwhelming urge to flood her knickers.

Pressing herself against the ladder helped, and Annie, though secretly, delighted in the feeling. She’d hoped that having Piper see her in such an indignant state, groping the ladder and wrapping herself around the rungs in sheer desperation would be enough to encourage her to shut up and let her get on with relieving herself.

Instead however, Piper took no notice and continued prattling on about the use of the Auran device, much to Annie’s desperate dismay.

Suddenly, Piper stopped explaining and looked up, scrunching her nose as she caught a whiff of something foul lingering in the air. She sniffed curiously, grimacing at the smell. “Do you smell that?” She asked Annie.

“I don’t smell anything.” Annie replied calmly, knowing full well what it was.

“Smells like one of the converters is breaking down.” Piper kept sniffing the air, unsure what she was smelling. All she knew was that it was foul, and it made her nostrils twitch.

She turned around and bent down beside the pipes running along the bottom of the compartment. The old converters that filtered the waste from the tank emitted a sulphuric smell when they were breaking down and it was easy to believe somebody had just ripped a fart when one of them finally did.

But Piper was a girl who put her tank before anything else. The moment she could smell something foul in the air, the first place her mind went was to some component or another breaking down.

Annie watched in silence, wafting her hand behind her backside. She knew full well that it was neither the pipes or the converter that were responsible for that foul smell. She exhaled a sigh of relief and smiled when she felt her guts settle.

It had been her who had sullied the air of the cabin, though she would never admit it. As Piper had droned on, oblivious to Annie who was holding on despite the brown load turtling between her cheeks, she couldn’t help but let one quiet fart slip.

It was humiliating, her cheeks warmed as the little cloud of gas escaped her quivering hole. Annie bit down on her lip, feeling her face turn red. But she’d been saved humiliation by Piper’s obsession with keeping her tank in it’s best condition.

“I’ll take a look at that in a moment.” She wiped her brow and hopped back up to her feet, scratched her arse and turned to Annie to resume her lecture.

She couldn’t even speak a single word before Annie spoke first. The ginger-haired girl was cracking under the weight of her bladder and her bowels. When she couldn’t even wiggle without the fear of a muddy fart escaping, she knew time was not on her side.

“P-Piper!” She hissed, tightening her grip around the ladder and brushing aside her ginger hair. “I, ahem, I’ll be fine.” She took a deep breath. “Can I please go?”

“So you understand how the device works?”

“Y-Yes.” Annie nodded. “It beeps and beeps faster if something gets near me. I get it.”

“Alright then.” Like a strict mother, Piper gave her a nod and waved up to the hatch leading outside. “Don’t stray too far. Go out, do what you gotta do, and come back, okay?” She sat down beside the old radio, turned the dial and tuned in just in time to hear Moonlight Theatre.

The narrator, a quiet man with a deep voice well suited for the theatrics offered by the station, was recreating an old radio drama.

Annie barely heard his opening chapter. She climbed up the ladder and threw open the hatch. It swung back with a heavy crack and struck the top of the tank with a metallic clank. She peered her head out, and was met with the icy winds of the storm. She shuddered, feeling her skin prickle, and quickly her red frizzy locks grew damp and dull from the rainfall.

The earthy smell of wet dirt was the first thing she could smell. The first thing she could see as she scouted the forest from the tank was a long stretch of road unlit by either a lamp of the moon. It was pitch black, save for the fog lights of the tank, which illuminated the road with a dimly-lit glow.

She climbed atop the tank and closed the hatch behind her. She hadn’t been out for more than a minute and already she had grown damp from the rainfall, feeling the biting chill seeping through her clothes numbing her bare body.

The sky grew black with storm clouds and it looked like they were in for a long night of fierce weather.

There was little sign of Eldritch influence around the woods, the trees and surrounding land though scorched remained somewhat natural. The tall trees choked away the moonlight and in the foglights of the tank, Annie noted a ghastly fog sweeping the roads.

She could hear nothing but the ragged sounds of her own breathing and the downpour of freezing cold rain; even the engines were silent, almost as if they were frozen in a fearful awe of the forest entangling the land around them.

But as Annie scouted the area, she was reminded by her bladder of why she had ventured out here. Her bladder twinged, and she could feel her fluids sloshing around. She felt fit to burst. “I really need to take a leak.” She said with a desperate grimace.

She shimmied herself along the frame and toward the turret. In one hand she clutched the Auran device, which was yet to detect any presence around her. It crackled with a lifeless hiss of static.

With such pressure on her lower body, it was difficult to move properly. Annie felt her legs shaking as she slowly approached the turret, her bladder twinged fiercely, causing her girlhood to quiver. She was sure she could feel a dribble, but it could’ve just been the rain.

She slowly made her way along the tank’s turret, the hollow sphere of the turret pinging against her feet as she moved delicately to keep her footing.

“Oooh… I feel like I’m about to go in my pants.” She said again, this time with a soft whimper.

Her bladder was growing impatient, the pains between her legs were growing worse and striking her at shorter intervals. Her bowels too pestered her during these moments of weakness; she could feel her rear knot wincing and something hot and muddy trying to rear its head between her cheeks, hanging from her clenched ring like a stick.

Her stomach felt heavy and it weighed down on her, causing her great discomfort.

Annie needed a second; to take a deep breath and to compose herself before continuing. If she took another step under this pressure she’d be making two messes in her pants.

A few seconds beneath the biting rain passed and the pressure in her lower tummy subsided. Annie continued, sliding down the armoured plating covering the treads and descended onto the ground.

The road was now a pool of thick, viscous mud, and she felt herself land straight into a muddy puddle, splattering her denim overalls with a shower of mud.

“Ugh…” She exclaimed with disgust, grimacing. She tried to think nothing of it and walked on, but as she stepped away from the tank she felt another push against her brown knot, this time her whole stomach growing tight.

If she dallied too long, she would have more to worry about than just dirt on her trousers.

She looked up and down the road, making sure there was nobody coming. Once she was sure nobody was around, she raised her butt and with a soft grunt ripped another, lengthier fart. “Ooh~” She sighed, raising her butt higher.

It was loud enough to be heard even over the rainfall and she was close enough to messing herself that Annie had to pat her butt, just to make sure it was a dry fart. It was, luckily, and she again let out a relieved sigh. “Hmmm~” The pains in her stomach settled again, leaving only relief.

To the side of the tank was a thicket between two scolded trees. The dark tunnel of overgrown grass called out to Annie, the thick bushes enticing her with the promise of privacy and shelter from the freezing rain while she relieved herself.

“Ha… that’ll do nicely.” She said with a joyous smile.

Cautiously, she raised the Auran device in the direction of the thicket. This time, the device sensed something, marking it with a low-pitched ping. On the screen something flashed in the distance.

The pings sounded with a delay of at least four seconds of dead air between them.

Annie had never known such an intricate device, though she knew the pings warned her of the presence of Eldritch beings, the device did nothing to alert her to the kind of creature. For all she knew it could’ve been a bug that crawled too close to a rift.

Another uncomfortable wriggling in her lower stomach pulled Annie from her thoughts. She felt the brown head of her load pushing itself against her whimpering anus once more. Her knot, which she kept puckered tightly, quivered under the stress of the waste.

With a deep breath, Annie clenched her hole fiercely, the pain causing her to double over and grit her teeth as she sucked the load up back into her bowels. She could feel the log retreat, pushing back toward her bowels, but leaving an unpleasantly warm ring around her knot as it did.

Growing ever nearer to her limit, Annie was forced to squeeze her legs together and clench her cheeks tightly, grimacing as the mass retreated. Her stomach tightened, a bloated feeling filled her belly and she felt the urge to rip another fart.

“N-Not this time…” She said with a pained expression, knowing that if she were to rip another, there would be more than just wind.

She knew she couldn’t contain herself much longer at either end. To stand out in the freezing rain and debate the machinations of a foreign device was not something Annie should be doing when she was so close to soiling herself in more ways than one.

“I just have to get in the brush, and I can go in there.” She told herself, drawing strength from her words.

Drawing the pistol from its holster, Annie trotted through the mud and slowly approached the tangled tunnel of bushes and leaves. She held out the Auran device again and kept it fixed on the thicket.

It continued to ping at the same rate - slow, low-pitched with a delay of four seconds.

She swept aside the leaves with her shoulders, cursing as the weeds stabbed at her overalls. She stepped into the brush, entering a dark nook of nature where she couldn’t be seen and the rain couldn’t get to her. She walked on, the grass crunching beneath the weight of her boots as she walked through, looking for a quiet spot to relieve herself.

Annie again looked down at the scanner. Still no change. Low-pitched with a delay of four seconds.

She looked around with a sheepish gaze, making sure she was completely alone. It was a habit she struggled to break. When it came to taking a dump outdoors, Annie was always nervous. It was something rooted in her since she lived in her home settlement - surrounded by so many people that she couldn’t even use an outhouse in peace.

She had to make sure she was alone, even when she knew nobody else was around, Annie couldn’t properly relax until she was certain nobody would witness her doing the foul deed.

After a few seconds looking around, she knew she was alone. Completely alone. Annie stepped a few inches to the left, behind a large, unscorched bush that would conceal her nicely. It was pitch black, and the foglights from the tank were the only source of light she had.

She took a deep breath to steady her nerves and holstered the pistol. Once it was holstered, Annie unbuttoned the suspenders keeping her overalls up. They came undone and she took the falling fabric in her arms before they could land in the mud.

Slowly, she lowered her overalls around her knees, exposing her bare arse to the cold air and squatted down low in the grass.

“Ahh… AHH!” She squealed as something cold and wet tickled her crack.

She jumped in fear, the surprise almost causing her to let go of her overalls. Her skin crawled and with eyes wider than plates she spun around to see what had given her an indecent touch.

It was merely a wet piece of grass a few inches taller than the rest. She buried the shock behind a nervous chuckle and stomped down the blades of grass. Once again, Annie took a deep breath and squatted down over the waiting dirt.

The second she was low enough to the dirt, she shuddered with delight, feeling her skin crawl. Between her thighs she felt a gliding warmth. “Ahhhh~” She sighed, taking a long, relieving piss into the grass beneath her.

The golden stream rushed from between her lower lips, splattering against the damp grass between her boots. Smaller splatters splashed against her laces.

“Ooooh~” She dug her hands into her knees, letting the relief run through her. Such pleasure, especially after she’d been holding her piss so long, felt amazing.

Annie felt weak, digging her hand deeper into the denim of her suspenders. The air resonated with a strong pattering as she watered the grass with a flood of piss.

She could feel the rising steam against her backside, a thin veil of hot vapour warmed her bare arse. At first Annie didn’t care for it, but as the steam continued to rise, turning her blue cheeks red, she grinned, basking in the pleasure.

It was a lengthy piss, though Annie had lost herself to the pleasure shooting through her body. All she knew was that it was a great relief emptying her bladder after holding it for so long. She finished with a dribble, feeling a single drop running along her lips and hanging from her anus, warming her butt.

The air went silent, the faint hissing fell silent and Annie hunkered down close to the ground. Her anus winced and she grimaced, looking around once again. She could feel her stomach tighten and the weight in her bowels descended, a thick brown snake squirmed down towards her hole.

She closed her eyes and let nature run its course. No more than a minute, that was all she needed to take a dump.

The air resonated with a quiet crackling. A small, pea-sized lump pressed itself between her anus, peeking out into the darkness. Her stomach cramped up for a second, but Annie ignored it, focusing only on squeezing out her log.

But before she could, she heard the Auran device ping. She opened her eyes and leant forward to pick up the device, forcing her waste to retreat as her focus shifted to the device.

She couldn’t believe it, she had heard it correctly - the red light was indeed blinking faster than it was before. On the radar screen it picked up a signal at the very edge of the screen.

The red flashing light conjured a sense of fear in her. Annie tensed up, denying the descending snake at the knot of her butt freedom. All of her attention was now on the device and watching the red blip. She counted the delay between the pings, moving her head in rhythm with the device.

It was now at three seconds.

“It’s nothing…” Annie told herself. The blip was at the very edge of the screen and the scanner was still quite slow between the pings. “I just need to be quick, is all.”

Annie rested the device on her bare knees and relaxed, setting her mind back on making a dirty deposit in the grass.

Another minute passed, and Annie was still squatting in the grass. Though she could feel the heft of her waste pushing against her ring, producing a slimy head of brown filth, she couldn’t give it the final push it needed to unfurl between her cheeks.

“C-Come on…” She whimpered, straining, wriggling, shuffling, anything she could to push even a small length of her log out, but her body refused.

It was as if she had frozen up in fear, her mind refusing to allow her such an intimate moment for fear of the creature picked up by the device.

Though she was right on the brink of messing a minute ago, right at the edge of unfurling a sizeable log into her underwear, she found it difficult to squeeze even an inch out now. Not a fart, nor a peek.

“Oooh…” She whimpered, burdened by a heavy feeling that tightened her stomach.

Although she couldn’t go, Annie still felt the pains in her stomach that begged her for relief. She could feel the weight lingering at her hole, a hefty load of soft mud-like mess that was fighting against her ring. But her body refused, keeping her hole puckered.

They intensified, tightening like a rope around her belly. Annie grimaced, biting down on her lip until the pains subsided. It was beginning to hurt. Her stomach was cramping and she whimpered again with soft, impatient desperation, wanting nothing more than the blissful relief that followed crimping off a solid length of mess.

“Come on~” She muttered again, lifting herself up and hovering bare-arsed over the dirt, giving her butt a shake.

Twenty more seconds passed and Annie was still stagnant in the bushes. She was dripping wet, every inch of her thoroughly soaked through. She could only wrap her hands around her wet knees and wiggle her backside, praying that this strange bout of anxiety would soon pass.

She twiddled her thumbs to pass the time, twiddling and twiddling, waiting for that moment her body would give in. Her anus, weak from clenching, gave in and finally a slither of waste widened her ring with some help. Annie pressed her legs together, tightened the grip on her knees and with a firm grunt she strained, putting all the pressure on the lump of mess peeking at the edge of her hole.

“Hmmm~” She bit down on her lip and squirmed.

It was working, her anus unclenched, her ring growing wider as she felt the soft mass of her mess descend on her hole. It dropped slowly, pushing her ring open to accommodate it’s girth.

This was it, her whole body shuddered as she was a moment from sweet muddy relief.

But again, before she could squeeze the plump mess out, the distinct ping of the Auran device distracted her. All of her attention was lost and once again. Fear ensnared her. Her body seized up and her mess retreated, protesting with a groan that caused her a brief discomfort.

Then suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Annie saw something lurking in the distance. At first she thought it was nothing more than a leaf blowing in the wind, though she wasn’t certain. It was big, a large blur moving far in the distance.

But Annie still couldn’t tell. She leant forward, pushed aside some of the leaves on the bush in front of her, and looked out into the distance.

It was difficult to make out through the leaves. Annie pushed aside a large branch to get a clearer view. Through the thick curtain of fog that seemed to shatter against the pouring rain, she could make out a black shadow. It was wandering around, moving slowly but powerfully.

Annie picked up the scanner from the ground, mud covering her bare hands, and aimed it in the direction of the shadow shambling in the distance.

The device started to beep frantically, the frequency of pings growing shorter until they were only two seconds apart.

The figure moved through the fog, struggling like the mist was impeding it. It’s long gangling arms swept at the air and as it grew closer, Annie saw the outline of something large.

Though still a silhouette shambling through darkness, she saw the figure of what looked like a human, but its arms were long and thin like twigs. At the end of its wrists were three long fingers, twitching.

It was not just her suspicion that had been aroused however; the Auran Device, fixed on the creatures position, continued to ping. The pings were rapid. Before Annie could take a breath, two seconds became one second. One second became half a second.

Annie watched the beast drawing closer, still squatting down in the dirt with her suspenders undone. Not once did she think about running. She merely watched, like fear had frozen her, rooting her feet to the ground.

Finally, as the Auran Device emitted a shrill continuous shriek, the fear settled in and Annie realized what was happening. She had to get out of there and back to the tank, forgoing relieving herself for the sake of safety.

Without another second to spare, Annie grabbed her suspenders and scrambled to her feet, pulling them around her legs with a single hand, the other grasping a nearby branch to help her keep her balance as she got up.

She sprinted through the thicket, her boots almost sticking to the mud. In one hand she held up her trousers, keeping them as high up as she could while she also clutched onto the Auran Device. It continued to emit the same unending shrill right in her ear. She used her free hand to swipe away the foliage impeding her, batting at it in a frenzied panic and throwing it aside.

As she ran through the thicket, catching and scraping herself against the branches and sharp leaves, Annie felt her gut wrenching, like something was wrapped around it and tightening itself. Between her wet cheeks, which clapped together with every step she took, she felt the weight of something soft pushing down on her knot.

There was nothing she could do to stop it. All Annie could do right now was put all of her strength into running. Nothing else mattered right now.

She leapt out from the thicket, back out onto the muddy road and into the warming glow of the tank's fog lights. She didn’t feel safe yet, and she wouldn’t until she was back within the steel walls of the compartment with Piper.

The leaves were rustling behind her, whatever she had seen was close. She sprinted toward the tank, using her free hand to button up just one length of her suspenders. She fiddled with the button, giving it almost no attention, but after a few seconds she felt it slip through the cut on her suspenders. She took a deep breath - finally she could use both of her hands.

Time was running out. Annie approached the rear of the tank and scrambled to climb up it, clawing at the paint and lifting herself onto the tread covers. She climbed the turret, wrapping her arms around the barrel and lifting herself atop it. Her body groaned as she lifted herself, the worst of the fatigue could be felt pushing against her anus, leaving her hole quivering.

She moved cautiously along to the hatch, the slippery surface almost causing her to slip and fall back onto the road.

There was no telling where the beast had gone. The forest had gone quiet. Annie didn’t dare to look back. Her heart was pounding, her legs were shaking, almost turning to jelly from fear.

She got to the hatch, stopping just before it. Inside, there were the muffled sounds of talking - it had to be the radio.

Annie was exhausted, running on pure adrenaline. Her breathing was ragged, she just needed a second to catch her breath. But she couldn’t. The bushes beside her rustled, the scanner continued to moan one long continuous shrill. It was close. She was sure she could hear breathing, a ghastly beast-like breathing.

She wrapped her hands around the handle, the cold, wet steel numbing her palm, and threw open the hatch to the compartment. She leapt down, sealing it behind her.

At last. Safety.

“Annie!” Piper, who had been sitting and listening to the radio, leapt up from her seat and rushed over when she heard Annie land with a clang. “Is everything okay? Did some…” She paused, fear drowning her face. It was almost enough to turn her pale.

Piper had noticed the Auran device, hearing its shrill cry. She yanked it from Annie’s hand. “Oh fuck…” She cursed.

Meanwhile, Annie fell to her knees, collapsing under fear and waning adrenaline. She panted, regaining her breath in long ragged gasps. She wrapped her hands around her stomach, tensing up when she remembered that she hadn’t been given a chance to do her business.

She felt bloated, something soft descended through her guts and peeked at the edge of her butthole. Her stomach tightened again and Annie groaned, biting down on her lip. She desperately needed to fart, to let go and rip a relieving one, but she couldn’t. Not while Piper was here. Even when it could offer her some relief from the pains in her lower tummy, she still didn’t have the courage to fart in front of Piper.

Had she been alone, Annie would’ve gladly done it, lifting her butt and letting the ripe little bubble burst. What she wouldn’t give to be alone right now, just to feel the relief of a fart she’d been holding in for too long.

With a lip-curling grimace, she clenched her anus, denying the fart she so desperately wished to rip. Her stomach groaned, protesting with a fierce grip around her gut that caused her great discomfort to the point she whimpered. Her gut rumbled and after a few seconds she could feel the fart retreating.

“Are you okay?” Asked Piper, who had finally noticed her comrade in great discomfort. She put the Auran device on a nearby box and offered to help Annie to her feet.

“I’m fine… just tired from running.” She gasped, still catching her breath. She swept aside her sopping wet locks of ginger hair and stared into Piper’s eyes with shame.

Suddenly, the compartment began to shake, mechanical components began to rattle. The floor beneath them shook violently. Both girls grabbed onto their seats and in a moment of fearful uncertainty looked up to one another.

Whatever that creature was, it had stumbled upon the tank. Piper looked pale as ice, for once that fierce look she often wore had been lost.

The Auran device continued to screech. Piper steeled herself, brushed back her hair and moved toward the red dot, creeping to make sure she didn’t alert whatever was outside. She took the device from the table and peered at the screen. “It’s circling us.” She whispered, her face illuminated by the red screen. “Whatever it is.”

“Does that thing have no way of telling us what’s out there? Anything at all?” Annie asked, pointing to the Auran device.

Piper shook her head, and then an idea came to her. Without telling Annie, she squatted down, grabbing onto the desk to balance herself, and looked toward the driver’s seat. “I’m going to try and look through the front window.” She whispered, glancing back at Annie confidently.

“You can’t be serious?” Annie protested, wincing halfway through her words as her stomach once again tightened, fighting against her prolonged holding.

“It’s the only way to know what’s out there.” Piper said, shrugging her shoulders. “I’m just going to peek out of the window and see if I can get a look.” She peered through the glass. Something big lumbered past, slogging itself across the dirt and moaning. “It’s a Shambler.”

A Shambler - Annie had never witnessed one before, but she had heard stories from passing traders when she was a little girl.

The great horror of the woodlands. Eldritch in origin. Tall, lumbering creatures that had wandered through the rift and now stalked the forests and swamps. They were slow, sluggish, and lacked any intelligence. But if provoked, they were a terror, a nightmare, an awakened Shambler was a being of pure strength, mercilessly pursuing whatever dared disturb it.

Even the smallest of Shamblers, which still stood a head taller than a human, possessed the strength to completely overturn a tank.

Piper peeked up again, checking to see if the Shambler was still there. It stood, attracted to the glare of the fog lights. “Of course it’s here. The foglights must’ve attracted it.” She crouched down out of sight and looked behind her. “Annie, get the gaslamp off, and the radio too. Last thing we need is for it to try and get in here.”

Annie nodded and lifted herself to her feet. Right now, with her stomach growing tighter and her whole body feverishly quivering from her lack of strength, even doing something so trivial as turning off a light felt like a tremendous task.

She hobbled over to the radio first and turned the dial. With a static crackling, the comforting sounds of the evening channel faded into silence. She stood for a second, grimacing as she could feel her rear knot once again quivering. All she could do was clench, tightening her sphincter, and pray that this would not take too long.

Next was the gaslight, which sat on a box beside the radio. Annie turned the knob, watching the small orange light extinguish, the warm comforting glow of the lamp becoming a cold, dark shadow.

The whole compartment was dark, though the fog lights outside gave a faint glimmer of silver light through the front window.

Piper reached up to the steering wheel, her hands shaking and slowly flicked the switch for the fog lights. It went dark, the lights turning off instantly and leaving the compartment in darkness.

Suddenly, Annie felt her guts tighten again. She doubled over, putting a hand on her stomach. Her anus quivered and her tummy groaned a beastrous roar. Again, she felt the urge, no, the need to rip a fart.

She couldn’t hold it any longer, her guts were wrenching under the pressure and her body yearned for even the smallest bit of relief. She had no choice.

Thankfully, she was right beside one of the vents that let air into the compartment. That would help with the smell at least. Annie, with a whimper, raised her butt, pressing it against the grate of the vent and strained softly, letting one rip. “Ooooh~” She sighed with relief, almost moaning as her fart left a warming impression on her buttchecks.

Her lips curled into a smile, she felt sweet relief like her guts had emptied. It was delightful. Her stomach groaned softly and settled, the pressure finally abating.

Once the lights and radio were off, Annie stumbled back to her seat, moving cautiously to avoid tripping on anything. When she felt the rough leather, she knew she was by her chair and plopped herself down, huddling up with her knees legs on the chair and her arms wrapped around her shins.

She couldn’t believe she had just done that - ripping a fart with Piper right next to her. Though the shame had her cheeks flaring, she knew that she couldn’t help it; she’d been holding it in for so long that she had no choice but to relieve herself of some of the pressure in her gut.

What really worried her was the smell. It made her cheeks flare bright red just thinking about it. When she was so close to soiling herself, it wasn’t going to smell like a basket of roses, but she took some comfort in knowing she had ripped it right next to the vent.

Piper snuck back across the compartment, taking the Auran Device from the table as she passed it. She used the red light from the screen to find her way to a chair and sat down, sitting right beside Annie.

There was a moment of silence between both girls, one that Annie broke. “So what are we supposed to do?”

It took Piper a moment to reply; she didn’t look up from the device. “There’s nothing we can do.” She said calmly. “We’ll just have to wait until it gets bored and wanders off.”

Such an answer caused Annie to whimper. Again, she started to feel the discomfort stirring in her lower tummy, her bowels growing heavy at the thought of waiting even another minute. “H-How long do you think that’ll take?” She asked, trembling.

Piper shook her head, looking unsure. “Not a clue.” She answered, slumping down into the chair beside Annie and watching the scanner with a keen eye. “It could be a few minutes, could be a few hours. We might even be sleeping here tonight.”

Another answer that Annie’s bowels couldn’t handle. The very thought of being stuck in here for the whole night was too much for her shivering hole. She puckered up and readied herself for a long night.

“It shouldn’t take too long.” She told herself for comfort. “Shamblers are dumb, right? It’s not going to stick around for more than a few minutes.”

Half an hour passed. Annie only knew this because she’d been watching the clock on the table next to her to distract herself.

Her needs had grown worse in that time; Far worse than she could’ve possibly imagined. Her stomach was almost moaning, growing tighter and heavier like a weight was constricting her. She could feel the hot, moist feeling of her waste as it hung right at the edge of her hole, the long brown snake peeking out by a mere inch and hanging over the white cotton of her knickers.

It wouldn’t retreat this time, regardless of how hard she tensed. She could cut a cigar with how tight her knot was clenched, but even then she could still feel it; the muddy length of waste, waiting for her moment of weakness.

Annie grimaced, shuffled in her chair softly to make herself more comfortable, and bit down on her lip. Her lower half was shivering, fatigue setting in from almost an hour of fierce clenching. Her tightly-closed ring quivering, but she persisted, knowing that if she were to unclench for even a second, she would not be able to contain the brown monster that would unfurl in her knickers.

Another ten minutes passed, and Annie was no better. Slowly, it was getting worse; the brown snake was descending little by little, squirming closer to her clean cotton knickers with every passing second.

She began to feel bloated, like something heavy was pressing down on her stomach. Between her legs, she shivered feverishly. Her muscles were overworked, drawing the last of her strength to keep the tremendous load at bay. It was agony, like her insides were twisting around themselves like a knot but Annie persisted. It couldn’t be much longer.

She pushed herself down on her seat, pressing her butt against the rough leather of the chair, and giving her cottons a brown kiss. She let out a whimper as she felt something moist smush against the cotton of her knickers.

It was exactly what she feared it was. The turtle’s head was so low it mushed into the cotton of her knickers, like a cigar being stubbed out and leaving a small damp stain in the rear.

Outside, the Shambler continued to stir. It persisted, circling the tank continuously, prowling near the steel frame and huffing. Even through the thick steel, its muffled snarls could be heard - a low beast-like snarl as if it were chomping at the air.

“It’s still out there.” Annie whispered.

“I know.” Piper whispered back, her face glowing red from the screen of the Auran device. She gritted her teeth, seething with impatience. “Come on you bastard, leave already.” And then, an idea came to Piper. “Annie, the Braun I gave you, hand it to me.”

“Y-Yeah sure, let me just…” Annie froze as she reached into the holster; she couldn’t feel the iron grip of the pistol. “W-Where is it?” She looked down, frantically patting her waist. “I… It’s not here?”

“What do you mean it’s not there? You didn’t drop it, did you?”

She knew it wasn’t there, but Annie continued to fiddle with the holster. “I d-don’t know. I don’t remember it falling out. It must’ve slipped out while I was running.” Her heart was racing and for a moment she feared she was going to shit herself.

“Goddammit.” Piper furrowed her brow and huffed. “We could’ve just blown its brains out.”

“What about the turret?” Annie suggested meekly, already knowing it was a far-fetched idea.

Piper shook her head. “With what ammo? That thing hasn’t been loaded in months. That old pistol was the only firepower that was on-” Piper froze, growing silent and staring down at the Auran Device. “It’s stopped circling us.” Piper whispered. “Why’s it just standing there… what’s it doing?”

Suddenly, something came crashing against the tank, striking the steel frame with such force that it rocked. The Shambler moaned in distress, the sound piercing the thick walls of the compartment. Even with four inches of solid steel separating them, it was as if the Shambler was right there, beside her.

The relentless striking of steel rang out in Annie’s ears. It was a shrill, piercing sound that buried itself in her mind so she could never forget it. Those horrid sounds of banging in tandem with the violent jolts that nearly threw her from her seat filled her to the brim with a surreal sense of fear.

Annie whimpered, her lips trembling as she suppressed the urge to scream. Fear was coursing through her, chilling her blood until she was completely numb.

She wanted to scream, but she knew she couldn’t. Piper could see she was shaking and she leant over to comfort her, putting a hand on her lap. “Shh~” She said, gesturing with a finger over her mouth.

Annie didn’t say anything. She let out a childish whimper and hugged herself tight. With her shaking hand, she grasped Piper’s hand, squeezing it tight. She wouldn’t let go. As long as she knew Piper was there beside her, she felt safe, sheltered.

The compartment shook violently under the constant strikes of the Shamble. The suspension beneath the floor creaked, sounding its age with a rusted squeak. Tools and Pieces scattered, crashing to the floor and hitting it with an audible clang. Both girls were almost thrown from their seats, but they held on, refusing to make a sound in any capacity.

It was a furious onslaught that seemed to last forever. Beast against metal. The Shambler continued to throw itself against the frame of the tank, howling in frustration when the iron behemoth showed no reaction.

Finally, everything went quiet. The Shambler moaned for a final time. It had gone silent. Dreadfully silent. Piper smiled, letting out a quiet sigh of relief. The Shambler had grown bored and realized that the object it flung itself at was of no threat.

The Auran Device pinged and the red dot on the screen started to move in circles.

It was over… at least that’s what Annie thought. She felt an uncomfortable shuffling in her bowels, the load that was pressuring her hole had begun shifting again, pushing against her knot.

She tried to clench up and force her load to retreat, but she couldn’t. Through the fearful shivers, she didn’t have the strength to hold it in. She was too weak; the fear had loosened her.

Annie took a deep breath, shuffled in her chair and hunched up tighter, squeezing her legs with her arms, pushing her knees against her stomach. The cramps in her stomach started again and this time she couldn’t contain the agony. It was as if something was pressing down on her guts, forcing the brown snake to descend.

She feared this was it, she had reached her limit and finally undone by fear, she couldn’t stop what was about to come.

In a final effort to hold it in, Annie straddled her chair and pushed down against the seat. She pushed down as hard as she could, until she could feel her quivering knot kissing the cotton of her underwear. The very tip of the turtle’s head could be felt touching the seat of them, leaving a small brown stain that Annie could feel.

But even with her best efforts, that wasn’t enough to stop it. Her stomach grew tighter, quietly groaning as it begged her for relief. Despite her best efforts, there was nothing more Annie could do. She was going to shit herself, and she was powerless to stop it.

The head of the brown snake that peaked between her clenched cheeks started to squirm, descending to the cotton of her underwear. It came slowly, a thick, moist log of hot waste squirming against her hole, stopped only by the seat that she buried her butt deep into.

Annie could do nothing but sit there, letting it happen. A lone tear ran down her cheek as she accepted it and lifted herself up slowly, succumbing to the desperate urges of her bowels.

She whimpered, grinding her teeth out of fear. This was it, she had tried so hard to hold it, to endure the grinding pain that had her guts twisted for so long, and it was finally over. She was powerless to stop it, and now, knowing that, she accepted it and merely let nature run its course.

She eased up, her whole body relaxing. She let out a soft sigh, and relaxed her shoulders, giving in to the desire of her bowels. Her ring loosened, unclenching fully; there was nothing holding it back now. Annie braced for the worst of it, knowing that it was far from over. She straddled her seat, digging her nails into the rough leather. She gripped it with such fierce force that she pierced the leather, leaving her to caress the soft padding beneath.

The great load she had been holding squirmed through her hole without retaliation. The thin head of the snake slithered through her ring without a fight, leaving a hot, messy trail. She could feel her knot widening, forced to open wide by the girth of her waste.

Her stomach again started to tighten and the cramps intensified once more. The discomfort was too great for Annie, drawing closer to agony than discomfort. It grew to be too much for her and she crossed her legs together, pressing down on her shin with her heel.

The first few inches of a warm log emerged, leaving a muddy trail against her cheeks as it unfurled between the crack of her butt. The air crackled quietly as she curled the first length of her log and the smell was lifting.

A long plump length of wet log hung from between her cheeks, dangling over the stained cotton. It was soft, like damp clay. Annie could feel that there was some left. Annie strained, grimacing as she forced out another inch of the log, letting it unfurl between her cheeks. It marked its sloppy descent with a slimy smearing that refreshed the brown streak between her buttcrack.

The plump, lengthy log lowered another inch, the flattened head curling up as it finally reached the seat of her underwear.

Annie could feel her stomach settle, now unburdened by the load that was now unfurling in her knickers. The relief was tremendous, causing a sweet shudder to surge through her body, but mostly it was the relief in her stomach that had her smiling, like a great weight had been lifted from her.

“Hmm~” She sighed, hiding her relief. She felt guilty for enjoying this even half as much as she did. It was a feeling of much-needed relief, so much so that Annie cracked a sinful smile.

Perhaps had this been a situation that didn’t require her to remain in her seat, Annie would’ve taken a bucket or maybe even some paper and done her business in the corner. It would’ve been far less humiliating that what she was doing right now - leaving a large trail of brown in her knickers.

She was almost finished lightening her load, but there was still a fine bit to squeeze out. Annie lifted herself from the chair with her arms, hovering over the seat. and gently shook her butt from side to side. With each gentle shake, she tapped the moist log against her buttcheeks.

Annie could only grimace, lips twisting into a sour expression at the feeling of the log hanging from her hole. The air crackled softly as she could feel a length of waste tear off under its own weight, gently laying itself out in the once pristine cotton of her underwear.

With a soft moan, Annie tensed up, the relief of lightening her load still tingling, causing her to shiver in glee. She clenched tightly, the ring of her anus winced and she cut off the final length of the log.

There was a light crackle and a sound like a snap. Annie felt the log snap and break off, cut free by a quick wince of her hole. It fell, settling in the seat of her knickers, staining both the cotton and her butt.

“Uuu~” Annie whimpered quietly under her breath, her lips curling into a smile. It was shameful, she knew it was, but it felt too good.

The load rested in the seat of her knickers, the soft mass curling and taking the shape of the curve of her butt. It was a long one, leaving a hot, stained splatter that ran the length of her buttcheeks. It was close to her thighs, wrapping around them and contorting to the shape of her cheeks.

Though she had birthed a sizeable log in her knickers, that was still not the end of it.

Annie felt her stomach tightening, something in her gut dropped and she felt a second, smaller log pressing against her muddied hole, seeking release.

She feared she had no room left in the seat of her knickers. She had already filled them with the great weight of the first load. That didn’t matter; it was already coming. All Annie could do was lift herself a few more inches off her seat, lifting herself until she was nearly standing, giving the second log just enough room to unfurl from between her cheeks.

Already it was pouring out of her, a small, but thick snake as soft as wet clay curled from her quivering hole, and unfurled atop the first length of waste, adding to the brown mountain already resting in her underwear.

That was the end of it, and Annie concluded with the quietest of farts that lightly peppered her knickers with splatters of waste.

At last, it was finally over. Her stomach settled, and the relief faded but in its place came a crippling shame. Annie sat quietly, ignoring the load that was weighing down the seat of her knickers. She sat in disbelief, panting from a shortness of breath that was brought on by fatigue.

She couldn’t believe it, even with a fat lump of brown mess resting in the rear of her knickers, Annie couldn’t bring herself to believe what had just happened - A grown girl and she had shit herself. Shame was swelling up inside of her, filling the void left behind by the fading relief.

Once it had set in, she couldn’t rid herself of the shame. Annie tried closing her eyes, imagining herself far away from here, in a field in the countryside on a warm summer day, but still the feeling persisted. The rising smell that polluted the air was enough to knock her out of any fantasy she wished for.

Soon the smell was overwhelming, and the soft mush that had sunk down, crushed beneath the weight of her butt was all Annie could think about.

For now, Annie was forced to endure it. Until the Shambler left she would be confined to her seat, sitting on a cushion of her own mess.

Finally, the Auran Device fell silent. There was only a crackling of static that remained. The Shambler had vanished, wandering back into the depths of the charred forest.

Though it seemed to be clear, neither girl moved from their seat. There was no telling how much time had passed. It was pitch black, and the clock on Piper’s desk had broken when the creature first struck the tank.

Annie sat in silence, clinging to her chair. She tried to ignore the smell of shit that lingered in the tight confines of the compartment, emanating from the brown bulge in the back of her underwear.

The seat of her knickers was weighed down by the two lumps of mess she had squeezed out. Right now she could feel the soft clay-like mass pressing against her bare butt, it's shape shifting with the movement of her cheeks. It was warm and moist, a foul swamp of muddied mess nestled right between the crack of her butt.

Right this moment, there was nothing Annie pined for more than a hot bath. It was bad enough that she was soaking wet from trudging through the thunderstorm to take a dump, but the worst of it was that the only warmth she could feel came from the seat of her underwear. Her soaked, soiled clothes only reminded her of what was seated in them.

Unfortunately, luxuries like bathing or even a river to wash her clothes were a rarity on the main roads. For now the only thing that kept Annie going was the thought of being out of her soiled clothes and into a clean pair of spares that she kept in her footlocker, as well as a fragrant wet wipe between the cheeks.

Both girls remained in silence for a few minutes after the beast had vanished. Neither wished to be the first to break the silence. That was until Annie, assuming it to be safe, got up from her chair. Slowly, she got to her feet, stifling her whimpers at the weighted feeling of her sagging underwear.

She grimaced, feeling a peeking head of waste caress her thighs like a brush on a canvas, painting her pale skin a shameful brown.

The quiet footsteps of the stalking monster ceased, the low curious growls had been silenced, leaving only the howling wind in its stead. Annie looked around, trying to hear something, but there was nothing. It was over. It had to be. There hadn’t been a single sound outside since the device had fallen silent.

Soft lumps of mess that had clung to her backside broke loose. The feeling of soft clay-like mess slowly peeling away from her bare cheeks was something that made Annie grimace with a sour-expression.

“W-Why don’t I get some light going?” Annie said quietly, trying to make conversation in the hopes of lightening the mood.

Piper said nothing.

Annie made her way through the compartment, moving slowly through the darkness as to not trip over any scattered wires or junk. Every step she took, the bulge in the rear of her underwear jiggled softly, and she could feel her load tapping her bare thighs.

The small gas lamp she had turned off earlier was lying on the floor near the table. Thankfully, the glass hadn’t been shattered. She turned the dial and turned the gas lamp on. With a hiss, a small flame emerged, lighting up the compartment with a gloomy orange glow.

“I think it’s gone now.” Annie said quietly, walking back to her chair with the lamp in-hand.

She placed the lamp on the floor between them and not wanting to reacquaint her backside with the load in her underwear, leant against the back of her chair.

Piper stayed silent. She sat quietly, her black hair covering her face. But Annie could see she was quivering, her lips curling like she was in pain.

“Piper?” She called again, softly this time.

Again Piper said nothing. There was only silence, broken by a soft whimper.

She sat stiffly in her seat, hunched up with her legs pressed tightly together. Her hands were pushed between them, almost crushed by how tightly she held her legs together.

Suddenly, Annie heard a sound. It was difficult to hear at first. It sounded like hissing, but distant. It grew in intensity, growing louder until Annie could hear it clearly.

And then there was a dripping. That too was growing louder, and more frequent until it was continuous, like a weak stream of running water.

Around Piper’s butt a small puddle was forming, creeping out from beneath her and spreading out across her chair. It was growing larger, moving towards the edges of her seat. Piper said nothing. She sat quietly, her face hidden beneath her fringe with a fist against her mouth.

Perhaps it was from the shock, but it took Annie a moment to properly comprehend what was happening. But when she realized, there was a flutter in her heart. “P-Piper?” She said calmly, her lips trembling.

Piper was wetting herself right in front of her. Her olive khakis were soaked through, the drab green turning darker as Piper relieved herself in them, struggling to hold it back. She took a deep breath and bit down on her fist, her quivering lips showing the faintest glimpse of relief.

She kept going, the sounds of water piddling against fabric intensifying until they echoed through the compartment. Her khakis, now soaked entirely, could not hold anymore piss. The pool started to grow, forming around her backside and expanding out onto the chair.

It crept out until finally it started to trickle down the side of the seat and tap against the steel floor. It was only a tapping at first, but quickly it began to drip and finally one long continuous dribble battered the floor, covering the silver steel with a small pale puddle. A small cloud of steam rose from between Piper’s legs.

The stench of fresh piss had grown strong, mixing with the sullied air of Annie’s own produce.

Through it all, while her best friend sat hunched up on her chair wetting herself, Annie stood completely still, leaning against the back of her chair and witnessing it with a dumbward expression pasted across her face.

Never had she imagined that Piper would soil herself. She was a strong, militant girl, the confident one of them both - a girl that was never afraid to just drop trou and relieve herself whenever the need presented itself.

But now, Annie had seen it. She had seen a moment of weakness from Piper. There was only one explanation she could think of and she found it ridiculous to even think it. “Piper?” She said quietly but with a caring voice, “The Shambler - were you scared?”

Piper seemed to shake her head at such a question before leaning back in her chair, ignoring the pool of piss she was sat in. At least she was still in good spirits. “It’s been a while since I’ve dealt with a Shambler.” She chuckled, trying to play off what had just happened. “You think they’re big dumb brutes and sometimes they surprise you.” She took a deep breath and leant forward, making sure to avoid her wet trousers with her arms. “I’ve been dying for a piss for the last hour… I’ve been holding it in since you went out to do your business.”

“You’re not the only one who got a surprise.” Admitted Annie. It was not with shame, but rather with confidence that she told Piper she had soiled herself. “I couldn’t go either. The device started going crazy while I was in the bushes.” Perhaps it was from the awkwardness of the situation, but Annie couldn’t help but chuckle.

It had spiralled from awkwardness to hilarity. Annie found comfort in knowing that she was not the only one who had caved in to fear, or that she was the only one with a soiled pair of underwear. There was no reason to be ashamed, knowing Piper was in a similar situation.

Knowing that it was not only her, it seemed to liven Piper’s spirits. “So that smell WAS you?” She said, a faint smile patching over her frown. “I was wondering where that smell was coming from. I thought that thing outside busted the other converter.”

Annie shook her head, and with a renewed confidence, she admitted to her incident earlier. “Neither of the converters are busted.” She said, her cheeks growing rosy. “I… r-ripped a fart earlier before going outside.”

Both girls looked at each other and just like that, the fear was gone. At first, Piper glared as if she was judging Annie, but then suddenly she started to laugh. Her giggles were infectious and soon after Annie too started to laugh.

The laughter helped to lighten the mood and finally both girls felt somewhat comfortable about the awkward situation they had found themselves in.

“Right, we should get changed, huh?” Piper said, putting a hand on Annie’s shoulder. “It’s starting to reek in here.”

Annie nodded. Not only was the smell lifting but it was starting to get uncomfortable. “D-Do you mind if I get changed first?” She asked.

“Go for it.” Piper nodded. She put a hand against her desk and lifted herself to her feet. A small rainfall of pee dribbled from her soaked trousers, landing in the puddle on the seat with a tinkling. “Should I go wait in the driver’s seat?” She asked, trying to mask the sound.

“P-Please.” Annie said and trudged over to her footlocker. “D-Do you think we could have the radio on?”

Piper leant over and flicked the switch of the radio. It crackled, bursting out with a hiss of static before tuning in to the evening channel.

“And you’re back with Moonlight Quartet. Next up, we have the arrangements of Jodie Dunkirk and the Stars in the sky orchestra.”

With the smooth sound of big band jazz playing through the radio, Annie waddled through the compartment and behind her desk. There was a small spot that would conceal her while she changed. She didn’t want Piper to see her, or the sorry state of her soiled underwear.

Every step she took, she could feel the soft pat she had made thumping sloppily against her cheeks. It made a wet sound with every slap. Annie cringed. She still couldn’t believe it - a girl of nineteen and she’d shit herself.

Once she was behind her desk, she undid her suspenders and let them fall down, around her boots. She wrinkled her nose and grimaced, catching a strong whiff of her own creation.

Next, her knickers. Annie was dreading this part. She didn’t dare grab the waist for fear she would feel something more than just cotton. Instead, she grabbed the front of them and slowly pulled them down.

“Are you not done yet?” Piper yelled over the music on the radio. “I need to get changed too, you know.”

“I-I’ll be a minute.” Annie replied. She took a deep breath and thrust her knickers down around her boots.

Curiosity got the better of her and she couldn’t help but take a peek at the damage her white cottons had endured. The seat of her knickers were brown and nestled right in the rear was a large brown pat of mess. It had been flattened by Annie’s butt, now resembling a brown pancake that spread across the rear of them, soiling the clean white cotton.

“P-Piper? Where’s the toilet paper?” Annie peered over her desk and asked.

“Check the footlocker. It should be in there.”

Annie got down on her knees and rooted through the footlocker. She found an old wrench, some screws and a suspiciously sticky copy of “Girls Und Tanks.” before finding a cardboard tube without even a scrap of toilet paper on it.

“It’s empty.” Annie said, waving the cardboard tube.

Piper peered over the back of her seat, brows furrowing when she saw the empty roll. “Goddammit, that was our last roll. Umm…” She scratched her chin, staring in thought. “Oh, rummage around in my footlocker - there should be a can of this old military-grade wash.”

Sure enough, there was an olive-coloured can of something in Piper’s footlocker. It was rusted and the words were illegible. “Is this it?” Annie asked, waving the can up for Piper to see.

“Yep.” She nodded. “Should do the trick… and hurry up, I feel like I’m stewing here…”

She didn’t need much time to wash up, a quick rinse between the cheeks and down her thighs and that enough for Annie. She ignored the dampness and the rough, soapy feeling of the old military wash as it felt like her skin was drying up.

Once that shameful affair was concluded, Annie reached back into the footlocker and pulled out a canvas sack. She unravelled the top and pulled out her spare clothes - a dark green pair of trousers and an old grey shirt.

They were nothing fancy; an old pair of clothes Piper kept with her, but they no longer fit her. They were just the right fit for Annie though, so she was more than happy to take them. She threw on the grey shirt, pulled up the trousers and didn’t bother to button them up. It was more comfortable this way, without the button on the crotch pressing against her tummy.

Dressed in her clean spares, Annie huffed a sigh of relief and fell back into her chair. The “bottled bath” had left her butt and thighs feeling a tad rough but Annie didn’t mind; it was still preferable to an uncomfortable cushion of mess resting against her butt.

She spun her chair around, faced her desk and reached down to the crate of soda she kept beside it. There were only two bottles left. She took one, popped it open and took a sip. She leant back again and looked over to the compartment. “P-Piper, I’m finished.”

“Alright.” Piper replied. She climbed out of her chair and walked over to her bed to get changed.

Annie almost choked on her soda as Piper, completely free of anything but her boots and knickers, strolled past. She spun her chair around, watching her comrade walk toward the footlocker at the rear of the compartment.

Her boots squelched with every step, clearly soaked through with piss. Her plain white knickers too, were thoroughly drenched, sagging from her waist. They were stained yellow and clinging to her crotch, matching the outline of her womanhood.

Piper didn’t care one bit; it wasn’t the first time she’d pissed herself. She stood before her footlocker and kicked it. The box creaked and the top popped open.

She pulled off her boots and threw them aside. Her feet were glistening with fresh streaks of piss. The long, thin streaks of piss that ran down her legs were starting to dry by the heat of the gas lamp.

She rummaged around in her footlocker, throwing aside an old canvas sack and another pair of boots. “Goddammit.” Piper cursed, pulling out a spare pair of white underwear.

“What’s up?” Annie asked, struggling to hide the tremble in her voice. She stared at Piper’s backside, wide-eyed, making sure to savour every moment.

Piper huffed, slammed the footlocker shut with her foot and sat down on top of it. “Those were my spares, weren’t they…” She pointed to her soiled fatigues thrown over the back of the driver’s seat. “My other shirt and trousers are soaked in oil. I’ve got nothing to wear.”

Annie had completely forgotten about that, and now she’d remembered that it was her fault Piper had gotten drenched. “Oh, r-right.” She said nothing more for fear of reigniting the frustration in Piper. “Do you want to wear my spares?” She offered, already she was pulling her arms out of her shirt. “I don’t mind.”

Piper shook her head, but smiled. “Don’t worry about it.” She stood back up and twirled the clean pair of knickers around her finger.

Before Annie could say another word, Piper bent over, lifted her leg and put on her spare underwear. She grew still, cupping the glass of cola tighter. There was a lump in the back of her throat that kept her silent.

She watched Piper pull her underwear up, almost salivating as her buttcheeks swallowed the cotton between them. The white cotton between her crack created a shapely divide between her cheeks. She pulled her thumbs out from the sides of them, letting the fabric slap against her thighs and jiggle her cheeks.

There was that familiar tingle that left Annie shuddering. She straightened up and pressed the cold glass down against her crotch, shivering at the feeling. She couldn’t let Piper know that she was enjoying this. Peering lewdly at Piper was the one little pleasure that she would never share.

Piper, paying no attention to Annie and her antics, strolled back to her seat and took her shirt off the back of it. “I didn’t piss on my shirt at least.” She brushed off a few specks, gave it a shake and slipped it on.

“You’re just going to wear your shirt? Not even a pair of trousers?”

Piper shrugged without a single shred of care. “It’s not like anybody else can see me. It’s just you.” She reached under her shirt and scratched beneath her breasts. Without a bra, her breasts jostled her shirt softly. “I’ll be fine like this for the night. It’s quite comfy actually.”

Annie didn’t say anything, but her ladyhood certainly agreed with this choice of attire - Piper in nothing more than her knickers and a shirt. Annie’s lip quivered, she was close to drooling at the sight.

For Piper, to be out of her wet clothes was a great feeling. She took a deep breath, stretching out her arms and letting her loose shirt hang from her shoulders. Eager to get behind the wheel, She pressed her hands together and cracked her knuckles. “Right, let’s not stick around, let’s get back on the road and out of this god awful forest.”

Together, they started the ignition and again Piper took the wheel.

Annie sat down between the small corridor that separated the driver’s seat from the compartment and made herself comfortable. From there, she had the finest view in the whole world - Piper’s butt, the wedge of white cotton splitting her cheeks and those long, slender legs.

She took a sip of her soda and grinned. Maybe tonight was not so bad, after all.

The End

*004*2020-03-28 15:23

{{31 minutes ago, THEO WANDER said:

You did a good job writing this but I did notice you repeated a few things

Otherwise its a good read

}}

Whoops. That got past me in proofreading.

Fixed. You're a star for pointing it out.

*007*2020-04-01 19:32

Bonus Chapter: Stuck

The radio crackled, breaking up the sound of soft jazz. It went quiet and for the first time in the morning, the smooth voice of Buck Allworth spoke through the airwaves. “Good morning to you all out there in the Wasteland. I hope you enjoyed a night of smooth jazz. I am your host for the morning news: Buckworth, and I hope you all slept well…”

The radio died, switched off by Piper's fist. “Shut up, Allworth!” She cursed, knocking the radio over in a moment of frustration.

“Piper, I was listening to that!” Annie yelled at her comrade. The radio was the only thing keeping her distracted from how desperately she needed to piss.

It was early morning, and Piper and Annie were standing by the ladder. Both were desperate for a piss after a long night, but they couldn’t get out until the hatch leading out of the compartment had been unlocked - a problem that lay entirely on Piper’s shoulders.

But for the first time in a while, the Tank driver had lost the key to the lock, meaning both girls were forced to endure their bulging bladders for just a little while longer while she fumbled around in her pockets.

Annie, giving in to the incessant quivering of her ladyhood, bent down and pressed her hands deep between her legs. The denim of her suspenders was cool and dry against her clammy hands. “Come on, Piper, hurry up!” She squirmed in place, begging her comrade to hurry up.

“I am hurrying!” Piper hissed. She’d been distracted from fiddling in her pocket. Annie’s childish dancing and stamping played havoc on her own bladder. She hissed again, grimacing in agony as she felt her bladder, the contents shaking violently against her. “Just stop with the dancing!”

“I can’t!” Annie bit her lip. “How do you even lose the keys?”

Piper clawed in her pocket and found nothing. “I didn’t lose them.” She was seething, talking through teeth. “They were in one of my pockets.”

“Well… s-search faster… Ahhh!” Annie cried and pressed her thighs together, crushing her hands between their pudgy embrace.

It had been a long night, and to make matters worse a rolling storm had passed over Rueller’s Creek. Rolling storms were like thunderstorms, but made up of powerful eldritch energy. It was dangerous to venture out during them, not just due to the roaming beasts that were attracted to such powerful surges of energy, but also for the storm itself.

As a result, Annie and Piper were confined to the tank for the entire night. Because they couldn’t get out to relieve themselves, they’d endured the call of nature long before falling asleep.

Annie had been suffering dreams about it all night, teased by a recurring dream where she was walking along a path, following a mighty river that rushed past her. After a while the sounds got too grating; they played havoc on her, drawing attention to her bladder. Soon she couldn’t stop thinking about taking a leak and by then, she was already awake with her legs crossed tightly and a seething expression of pain.

Now that the sun was up, and the storm had passed, they were both desperate to get outside and take their morning pee.

“Have you found them yet?” Annie continued to cry, her quivering lips causing her to stutter.

Piper had rifled through all of her pockets, but the keys weren’t there. “N-No… J-Just…” Then suddenly, she remembered. “THE FOOTLOCKER!” She spun around and drove her foot down on the latch of her footlocker. Inside, among all the mess, she could see a glimmer of silver. She squatted down, and unexpectedly ripped a fart. “Haa~” She sighed, feeling relief from the pressure.

“Aw, gross, Piper.” Annie stepped back in disgust. “You’re gonna stink the tank up!”

Being so desperate to take a dump, that little rupture of air was definitely ripe. It even made Piper grimace, even if the relief of ripping one was delightful. She wafted away the ripened air and started to scavenge through her footlocker, tossing out anything that was between her and the keys.

For Piper, this horrendous bout of morning desperation was worst for her. Not only was she on the verge of leaking, but she also had to deal with a pesky brown turtle’s head that kept peeking out of her butthole. She had won the lion’s share of the rations in a game of rock-paper-scissors last night and after gorging on them, she was not only desperate for a pee, but to take a dump too.

It was manageable at first, that fart she had just ripped was the first threat her body gave her. The ripe smell along was enough to let her know that she couldn’t hold it much longer. And right now, squatting with her cheeks spread, she was crowning, a massive brown mud-like lump was pressing itself down against her knot.

“Piper, I’m begging you, please hurry up!” Annie continued to cry, losing all composure in her voice. She’d endured it for long enough, her body was growing weaker from holding it, her legs were starting to tremble, even standing still was a monumental task. “It’s going to come out!” She whimpered, grasping herself tightly and held herself for dear life.

Just another minute. That was all she needed.

She tried thinking of other things to distract her, but her mind always came back to thoughts of the great outdoors - nature’s toilet. She couldn’t stop thinking about the sweet embrace of a small patch of grass, the dry dirt that would welcome some morning refreshment.

Annie closed her eyes and let herself get lost in those thoughts of sweet, wet relief. She envisioned herself out in the grass, squatting down, her bare butt a mere inch above the cold ground. The sounds of water as she unleashed onto the dry dirt echoed around her, letting the whole world know how much she’d needed it.

And then it happened; A little twitch from between her legs. Annie felt her lips grow warm. The smallest of dribbles escaped her, spurting out into her underwear. She couldn’t wait any longer. “Piper!” She cried, this time there was no begging, it was an order. “Please, hurry, hurry, hurry, up!”

“I know!” Piper muttered, refusing to yell. “I’m not enjoying this any more than you! I feel like I’m going to piss myself.” Finally through the entire chest of junk, she got to her keys at the bottom of the locker. “Got ‘em!” She pulled them out and held them up high.

“Ha~ About time!” Annie sighed and swept back her ginger hair. She couldn’t stop herself from doing a childish potty dance, dancing from foot to foot with her hands firmly between her legs, gripping her crotch. “Hurry up and get the hatch open!”

Piper quickly unlocked the hatch of the Tank. Her fingers fumbled with the lock and Annie’s constant whimpering was a distraction, but she was able to do it quickly.

With all of strength, she barged the hatch open with her shoulder. It swung up, exposing the girls to their first glimpse of sunlight for the day. It was blinding. The hatch clanged down atop the turret, sending a shiver running down the ladders.

The shivers ran through Piper like an uncomfortable tingle. She grimaced, her whole body ringing, forcing her to grip the rungs of the ladder tightly. The worst of it was right between her legs, not just her bladder but her butthole too. She clenched up, grasping the rungs tighter. There was a fart brewing, and she didn’t want to rip it right in Annie’s face.

“P-Piper, come on!” Annie pushed up against Piper’s boots with her shoulders, spurring Piper on by nudging her up. “I’m wetting myself here…”

Her patience was thin right now. “Be patient, Annie.” She hissed. “I’m bursting too, you know.” The urge of her bladder was overpowering and desperate to relieve the pressure, Piper pressed herself into the rungs of the ladder, straddling and grinding against them. “Fuck~” She cursed. It felt good, pressing her quivering lips into them.

She gave herself a moment to compose herself. Ignoring Annie’s whimpers and feeble attempts to get past her on the ladder, Piper stood still, biting her lip as she pushed deeper into the steel. It felt better than she could imagine.

“PIPER!” Annie screamed, this time she wasn’t soft. It was a call of pure anger, steaming with impatience.

“I KNOW! Hey… what… are… ANNIE!” Piper could feel Annie’s shoulder pressing against her butt. Every little shift of the fat of her cheeks drew attention to the hard peeking log that was nestled right at the edge of her knot. It was a strange feeling that Piper had no words for, but she didn’t like it.

Annie pulled herself up the ladder, trying to push Piper aside to make what little room she could for herself. “I’m dying here, and I’m not waiting around for… mmph!” It was working, she got up to Piper’s waist… before coming to a stop by getting her face stuck in her tummy.

That was the worst she had felt this morning. Annie’s head pushing into her stomach only caused her agony. Piper grimaced and cursed. Annie’s face pressed against her tummy, and Piper, unable to contain herself, ripped another fart.

“Okay! Okay!” She finally gave up and climbed up the ladders before that fart had a chance to lift.

Rueller’s Creek Oil works were where they had holed up for the night. There was nothing left of it but a few old buildings and a large steel machine that had gone orange with rust.

Both girls climbed up onto the tank and glad to be finally outside. Annie pushed Piper aside and climbed up, wafting the air around her. “Your butt stinks!” She commented with a sour grimace on her face.

“Just shut up.” Piper cursed. “Since you’re so desperate, why don’t you go first? I’ll stay on lookout.”

That was all she needed to hear. Annie slid down the front of the tank, landing right in the mud. Her whole body shook, the worst of it twinging right between her legs. She hissed and bit down on her lip, tensing up every inch of her body until the twinges were over.

She’d never had to take a leak so badly in her life. Her bladder felt as solid as rock, full right to the brim.

There was a small patch of dead grass that was begging for her. It was the perfect little nook for a sneaky squat. Annie waddled toward it, already tugging at her suspenders. She whimpered softly, praying she could get them undone before she was there.

Her feverish fingers fumbled with the buttons but with some luck she managed to get her suspenders off. She was so close, just a few more steps and she would be there, right in the middle of the grass - the great toilet of the outdoors. She held her suspenders up with a single hand, the other pressed between her legs and denying her bladder another relieving leak.

“Uuu… just another second…” She cried, steeling herself.

Finally in the grass, her boots crunching the brown leaves beneath her feet. She let go of the straps and let her suspenders fall down around her boots. The denim swept past her legs, exposing her chubby thighs, which were pink from the heat of her hands pushing against them.

She hadn’t even bothered to put on underwear this morning; she was going commando, at least until she had watered the grass. Being so desperate, Annie saw her knickers as nothing more but an obstacle, a barrier that stood between her and sweet relief.

Her pale freckled butt was exposed to the cold morning air and her cheeks quickly went numb. Shaking desperately, Annie squatted down in the grass “Haa… Haaaa~” She sighed, her breaths broken up by moans of pure bliss. She was hardly near the ground before the floodgates opened. A flood of pee burst from between her legs, gushing out of her and down into the wet soil.

The silence of the morning was broken by Annie moaning. It wasn’t any quieter between her legs, she pissed vigorously, her bladder pushing as much as it could out of her. It came in one big golden sputter like a broken spigot, showering the dirt beneath her feet. Annie doused her own boots just as much as the grass, and she didn’t care one bit.

She moaned loudly, hanging her head back in such sumptuous relief. It was overwhelming, her whole body tingled with an indescribable sense of pleasure, and Annie, swimming in it, couldn’t contain herself. “Ooooh~”

“You don’t have to tease it so much.” Piper muttered to herself, envious at how much Annie was enjoying herself. That was what she wanted right now

She was desperate to rip another fart, but Piper knew better than to trust it. If she let another one loose, it would carry with it far worse than just a ripe smell. She was at her limit now, just one second away from completely filling her knickers.

She needed a distraction, so to try and avert her gaze from Annie and her blissful little squat, Piper did some sightseeing.

It was from the top of the tank that Piper could see around the other side of the old building, and there was something behind it that caught her attention. She spied an old cement mixer and in her desperation, a desirable thought crossed her mind - what if instead of it being a cement mixer, it was a makeshift toilet?

It wasn’t often they got to experience the pleasure of a toilet. For so long the roadside had been the only toilet she’d had, the grass, rivers, dirt. She missed being back in a barracks, having a working toilet in a small room where she could just unload and have a bit of time to herself.

Out here, it was impossible. She couldn’t be alone with her thoughts when every second was spent looking around to make nothing would jump on you with your pants down.

Her reminiscing was disturbed by a tightening in her stomach and Piper groaned. She put her hand on her tummy and felt the small bulge of her full bladder protruding. “How long is she going to take?” The answer didn’t matter. Suddenly, Piper felt the log descending, the small turtle’s head that peered between her knot was growing. A long hot length of mess was slowly slithering between her cheeks.

It was past the checkpoint, there was no going back now. She was just about touching cloth, the head of the length lightly grazed her knickers, and if that wasn’t bad enough she was certain she was about to leak.

“Fuck it… I can’t hold it in any longer.” For once, Piper threw away her rule of always having a lookout. It was perfectly safe around here, and surely Annie wouldn’t take too long. She had to worry about herself and about the state of her underwear.

She climbed down the side of the tank, looked around just to make sure there was nothing lurking, and rushed off toward the other side of the old building.

Running was a struggle and after a few steps, Piper was confined to a shameful waddle. She shuffled along the road, her anus puckered up tightly with the thinnest hope of stopping another inch of mess from descending. With every step the few inches between her cheeks slapped against them, patting her with a wet smearing of mess.

She couldn’t hold it in any longer. There was a small dribble between her legs that teased more than just a leak, and around the back she could feel the brown length of waste that was already touching cloth growing longer, descending without warning. It squeezed out another inch, the head smashed into her knickers.

It was here, and now. Piper had no choice. “Hmmm…” She growled, already unbuttoning her trousers. “This is the closest I’ll get to a toilet in a while.” She pulled down her trousers, kicking her legs until they slid around her knees and plopped herself down on the drum.

The cold, damp steel greeted her with a rough feeling around her butt. Piper could only grimace in disgust.

There, around the back of an old Oil works, Piper emptied herself into the drum of an old cement mixer. She practically burst, a flood of piss pouring between her legs and striking the old steel with force. The relief hit her instantly, a feeling like a balloon deflating in her tummy engulfed her, causing her lips to quiver.

“Oooh~” She moaned, her whole body going numb under such immense relief. She leant back, sighed a hefty sigh, and spread her legs, letting the cold wind swirl against her wet lips.

That was not the only thing she had been desperate to unload. Not even a second had passed since she’d plopped herself down on her makeshift toilet before she could feel her stomach growing tight.

It passed easily, the soft mud-like feeling allowed it to glide past her cheeks, smearing them as it squirmed through. Piper relaxed, clapped her knees together and let it all out. The growing cramps in her stomach had eased up, giving her some relief from the discomfort. She closed her eyes, crossed her arms and let nature run its course.

Finally, a good chunk broke off under its own weight. Piper felt the load lighten as it snapped off. It fell into the drum, hitting the piss-washed steel with a damp splatter. There was some splashback. Piper lurched forward, shuddering at the wet feeling as flicks of piss peppered her thighs.

It was not the most unpleasant feeling, especially the warmth on such a cold day.

Her hole winked, cutting off the last of her load that dangled between her cheeks. It broke off, sliding down her ample cheeks, leaving a hot brown trail before falling into the drum with a wet slap. Piper felt her anus shiver, feeling the stress being taken off her hole now that she had unloaded.

“Ooo~” Her whole body seized up, shuddering in sheer delight of her empty bowels. Piper sighed and finished her dirty business with a muddy fart, a loud one that rumbled the old drum.

That was one of her issues taken care of, but she was still in the middle of offloading one other. Piper leant forward, pressed her hands down on her knees and twiddled her thumbs.

The relief had been so overpowering that she felt as if time had stopped. While she felt like she had been unfurling that pudgy log for an eternity, at most only ten seconds had passed. She was still mid-stream, perched on the edge of the drum and relieving her bladder.

It kept coming, like an entire ocean had been poured into her overnight. The small, but notable bulge protruding from her tummy was shrinking. Piper could feel it, like a balloon being deflated it grew smaller and smaller the more she emptied into the drum.

A good thirty seconds passed, but Piper was too engulfed in relief to notice. Time had fallen still for her.

At last, it was finally over. After a long glorious minute of vigorous pissing, the last of her bladder's weight dribbled from between her legs. It tinkled atop the piss that filled the drum like beer filled a glass. Piper, still reeling from the relief, shuddered. She needed a moment to compose herself, letting the relief fade before she could get up.

She merely enjoyed the relief she was feeling, the emptiness that came after being full for so long. It felt amazing, no pain in her bladder, no tightness in her stomach, no fear she was going to lay a log in her knickers just from relaxing. She felt empty, and her belly felt deflated.

She sat for a little while, simply enjoying the relief. Once she was ready to get off the drum, she reached down to grab her trousers and lifted herself up… or tried.

“Oh you’ve gotta be kidding me.” Piper couldn’t believe it. “I’m not…” She squeezed her fingers between herself and the rim and pushed herself forward. Still nothing. She wouldn’t budge. “I am.” Her butt was stuck in the drum.

Finally, after trying and failing countless times to remove herself from it, Piper admitted to herself that she was stuck. No amount of pushing, wriggling or swearing was going to get her undone. There was only one thing to do now, and it was the one thing that she really didn’t want to do.

She looked down at her knees and tapped them together nervously. “I can’t believe I have to do this.” She muttered. “Annie?” Piper called to her comrade, waited a few seconds and then yelled again. “Annie!?” Again, no answer. “ANNIE!”

Her calls for help finally were answered. Piper heard Annie running over to her, footsteps stampeding across the damp, muddy earth. She stopped short of the corner, the edge of her frizzy red hair the only thing that Piper could see of her. “What? What’s up?” She answered.

“It took you long enough.” Piper huffed. “What were you doing?” The tone of her voice let Annie know she demanded an answer.

There was a long silence, one that had an air of shame about it. Piper could feel it, she could imagine that Annie was thinking of something to say.

Annie mumbled some words, none of them even remotely coherent and when Piper asked again, she gave her answer with a quiet squeak. “I was taking a leak… and then I thought I’d… you know.”

“You’d what?”

“I was taking a dump!” Annie said, blurting out the answer with no control over her volume. Her answer echoed out into the valley, letting any and all know what she was doing in the grass.

Suddenly, a roll of toilet paper appeared around the corner. Only a few sheets remained, enough for a decent clean up if it hadn’t been too sloppy. “What’s that for?” Piper, forgetting everything about what she’d just been doing, furrowed her brow at the presence of toilet paper.

“You needed something to wipe with, right?” Now it was Annie who sounded confused. “Isn’t that what you called me over for?”

“No.” Piper hissed. “I called you over because I need some help.”

“With wiping?” Again, Annie sounded confused.

“No, not with wiping.” Piper was beginning to wonder why she even called Annie over. “I was taking a dump, and I’ve gotten myself into… into a little problem.”

There was another long silence, longer than necessary. “Are you decent before I come around there?”

Piper growled, and upon realizing the situation she was, frowned. There was no easy answer for that. Even after racking her brain trying to describe how she’d gotten stuck while taking a dump, she couldn’t find the right words to make it sound any less humiliating.

“That’s kind of the problem.” Piper squeaked, her voice stripped of any pride. “Just, come here. It’ll be easier than explaining it.”

Annie walked around the corner and upon seeing Piper squatting, her butt wedged in the drum of a cement mixer, she stopped frozen in place. She didn’t say anything, only staring at the sorry sight of her comrade with her trousers around her boots and the reddest of faces, devoid of dignity.

“Are you stuck?” She asked, lips curling as she struggled to stifle a giggle.

“What does it look like?” Piper answered bitterly, scowling, refusing to look Annie in the eyes.

“It looks like you’re stuck.” The ginger-haired girl cracked a smile.

She didn’t have the patience to play games, but Annie certainly did. How else was she to respond to her friend being stuck in an old cement mixer? It was that quivering smile, the one Annie tried to make to stifle her giggles that set Piper off. There was no point trying to tiptoe around it - it would just give Annie a bigger laugh.

Piper took a deep breath, stared straight down at her black boots and white knickers, which sadly had a small brown smear on them, and admitted it. “Yes - I’m stuck.”

That was it, those three simple words were all Annie needed to hear. She tried her very best to hold back her laughter, but it was getting the best of her. “Y-Y-You actually are s-s-stuck?” She tried to ask Piper that, but she struggled greatly, her lips were quivering, suppressing a laugh that was about to burst through.

“Yes.” Piper huffed.

And that single word completely undid her. “BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!” Annie erupted with laughter and doubled over, clutching her sides. “AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

“It’s not funny, Annie!” Piper yelled, trying to keep a serious demeanour about her, but it collapsed in the face of Annie’s roaring laughter. Frustrated, she pressed her hands against the rim of the drum and tried to pull herself out. Again to no avail.

Annie meanwhile didn’t hear a single word of Piper’s. At this point she was down on her knees, her long frizzy red hair was covering her face, only moving when Annie had to wipe the tears from her eyes. “AHAHAHAHA!” Her sides were beginning to hurt from all the laughter. “AHAHAHAHAHAHA!” Her pale face had never been so colourful, growing purple like a plum. She hadn’t taken a breath in nearly thirty seconds.

“Will you stop laughing! This is serious!” Piper tried to control her, again to no avail. The girl with her butt stuck in a makeshift toilet had no power.

Annie finally managed to control her laughter enough that she could speak. She brushed away the ginger locks from her face and wiped a tear from her eye. “I… I thought you just needed toilet paper! BAHAHA!” She grew so purple she looked like a freckled plum. Just when it seemed it was over, another bout of laughter attacked her when she took a second glance at Piper. “BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

There was nothing Piper could do but let it happen. She ignored Annie, continued to twiddle her thumbs and started to ponder just why she’d even let her travel with her.

“Okay… Okay… haha… Okay.” Annie finally reeled in her laughter. She took long, deep breaths, gasping to make up for the last thirty seconds. “I’m sorry, I’m ready to help now.”

“Are you sure?” Piper furrowed her brow and scowled.

“Yes. Yes.” Annie snickered. “So I’ve got to get you unstuck, huh?” She turned her head left and then right. “I think I’ve got just the thing for it in my footlocker.” She took a step back and turned around. She took one step and then turned back to Piper, smirking. “Don’t go anywhere.”

Annie rushed off across the road and toward the tank. She returned shortly with a can of oil, gave it a shake to check there was some inside, then poured some onto her hands. She rubbed them together, greasing up her palms in oil.

Piper watched for a second before deciding to comment. “Um, Annie, what are you doing?” She asked, tilting her head like a confused dog.

“Greasing up my hands.” The ginger-haired girl replied, seeing nothing amiss about what she was doing.

“Why?”

“So I can grease up your butt and slide you out of that drum.” She explained with a smile, displaying such confidence.

“Or you could use the can?” Piper said calmly, raising a finger and pointing to the thin nozzle attached to it.

Upon hearing that Annie paused. Her hands were dripping with oil and stained a greasy black. She looked down at the can, and at last realized the stupidity of what she was doing. “Oh… right.” She chuckled meekly, cheeks growing red.

“If I didn’t know better I’d think you were using this as an excuse to touch my butt.” Piper muttered, but made herself loud enough for Annie to hear.

Annie leant it, slowly prodded at Piper’s bare thighs with the nozzle and started to drizzle oil on her. She squirmed a little, taken by surprise at how cold the oil was. It was thick and viscous, dribbling down her thighs slowly and squeezing through the gaps, leaving a little drop to run down her butt.

It kept going and going. Annie insisted that she use the whole can just to be sure that Piper was in Annie’s own words “Properly lubed up.”

Once the can ran empty, and most of the contents were now running down Piper’s backside, Annie rubbed her greasy palms together, bent down and extendered her arms. “Are you ready?” She asked Piper, a big confident smile shining through her frizzy ginger locks.

Piper, wanting to avoid touching the disgusting layer of oil Annie lathered into her palms, grabbed her wrists and nodded back. “Ready.”

“Okay. One. Two. Three. Pull!” Annie stepped back and pulled. She put all of her strength into it, exerting herself, thrusting herself back with her hands wrapped around Piper’s wrists.

Piper could feel it working. Slowly, but surely, she could feel the oil working its magic. Her butt was slowly inching forward, sliding along the greasy layer of oil that had been slathered around the rim. “Keep pulling!” She encouraged Annie, her voice strained. “Keep. Pulling.”

“I… Am…” Annie strained, her whole face was going red and she was making a face that Piper had never seen her make. She couldn’t tell if it was pain or fatigue. “How wide is your butt, Piper?” She didn’t get an answer.

Finally, with one single great heave, Annie succeeded, freeing her friend from the drum. She pulled as hard as she could, exerting herself harder than she ever had before, almost ripping a fart under the stress, but she just managed to hold it in.

Piper slipped forward, tripped over her trousers and fell into the dirt. Thankfully, this corner of the old building was dry.

“Holy cow!” Annie exclaimed in amazement. With Piper out of the way she got quite the view of the contents of her makeshift toilet. “Did somebody leave a bratwurst in this thing?”

“Annie!” Piper blushed. A steeled girl of the military, but even she couldn’t hide her shame when somebody made a comment about something as grotesque as a loaf she’d made.

The ginger-haired girl shot around and giggled. “Right. Sorry.” She rubbed the back of her neck and smiled. “Well at least we got you out.”

Her backside was sore, every inch of it, her cheeks, her thighs, even her anus. Piper groaned, rubbed her backside and groaned some more when that didn’t help. “I feel like my butt just went twenty rounds in a sparring ring.”

“I don’t blame you.” Annie giggled and again she was looking into the drum. “Have you seen the size of that thing you squeezed out? Are they always so big?”

“Annie! Stop… just help me up to my feet!” Again, Piper blushed a bright crimson.

With Annie’s help, Piper clambered up to her feet. Her backside was aching, and it only got worse when she moved. She hissed as she got up to her feet. When she stood up, she got a quick glimpse of her makeshift toilet and the deposit she had made. She didn’t look for long, but she certainly agreed with Annie, not that she would let her know - that was certainly one hell of a turd she had squeezed out.

“Feel better?” Annie asked, smirking. “Can you pull your own trousers up or do you need a hand with that too?”

Piper scoffed, pushed Annie away and bent over. She grabbed her trousers and yanked them back up. Suddenly, she froze, hissing under her breath. She felt something against the cotton of her knickers. It was moist and thick, like wet mud. The fabric stuck to the mud.

And then, Piper caught a whiff of a shameful smell. It was then that she realized there was something very important she’d forgotten to do.

Annie, with the coyest of smirks, offered her the roll of toilet paper. “I think you’re going to need this.”

______

Ko-Fi https://ko-fi.com/callumdoesathing

*011*2020-04-02 18:02

{{12 hours ago, Drip said:

2 lovely chapters, filled with intriguing world building and interesting characters. Another fine piece of work, not that I expected anything less, your brilliant stories always reflect the high degrees of effort, time and care poured into them. I can't wait to read more of your amazing work.

Thank you for the incredible read, it was a lovely way to spend my night.

}}

It's always nice to hear something like that. Thank.

