A Brand New Relationship

Author: Kinglear07

*000*2022-04-24 16:46

This is a new story series if mine that I've mentally been working on for a while, and have big plans for (possibly up to 15-20 chapters!) Knowing me though, i always run out of steam after a while. But I really like this idea and want to give it a go, so here is chapter one!

BE WARNED! This series will include messing as a common theme, so if that's not your vibe, no worries. But some of the stories will be wetting only, such as chapter one. I won't differentiate from here on out though, so read at your own peril.

###

High school can either be hell, or it can be meh. For me, it was the later, up until my junior year. I had my group of friends and I got along well enough with everyone, but there was nothing spectacular going on in my life. No big sports teams, no shows or plays I'm acting in, and worst of all, no girlfriend.

That is, until I started talking to Abby. She and I technically grew up together, in the sense that we've always gone to the same school and known who the other was, but that's about it. Our friend groups never really overlapped, but there was never any animosity either.

Abby and I shared 4th period English, which we had right before lunch. We sat together in class and got to know one another a little better, although very casually at first. And as luck would have it, neither of us actually shared our lunch break with any of our friends, so as we got to know each other better, we started eat lunch together as well, meaning we'd spend two straight hours together every day.

We learned we shared a lot of the same interests. We both liked to play video games, we both enjoyed being fairly active and going on hikes, watching sports and movies, and a few other things! She was also just a lot of fun too. She was always looking to something wild, like jump across a big gap, try to do a cartwheel down the crowded halls, stuff like that. She was also always up for dates, I would constantly over hear her and her friends and she'd say something like "ya dare me to??" In response to something and I'd laugh.

Naturally, as it tends to happen in high school, Abby and I got to flirting. We became fast friends in class and during lunch. We started working together on assignments, and started sharing more and more about our lives. We hadn't explicitly started going steady yet, but if you stared long enough you could certainly tell we were flirting. I'd star at her a little too long, she'd punch me on the arm, I'd try to laugh with her as much as I could, she'd dress a little nice, a little more provocative even on some days.

It's here where I suppose I should share how we both look. I'm you're average looking guy for the most part. 6 feet, normal build, red hair, normal sense of style. I'm by no means ugly, but I'm not an Adonis either. Abby though... She was a knockout. She was 5'6, brown wavy hair, brown eyes and legs to die for. She had a gift from god, in that she had a massive booty without even trying. Her chest might be considered small to some, but she was gorgeous to me. Although, id never shared any of this with her.

It's also at this point I should mention I have a fairly serious piss and shit fetish... After all, you're here reading this! I just can't get enough of it, I absolutely love it when a girl has to go so bad she does it in her pants. Accidents, panties, leggings, diapers, all freaking fantastic. But as with most of us, unfortunately it's been just that, a fantasy. Or so I thought.

"Hey Alex!" Abby said to me as she walked into class.

"Hey!" I said back. Abby walked over to where I was sitting and sat right on top of my desk.

"Guess what!" She said excitedly.

I squeezed out a "Wh--" before she cut me off.

"I've got the weekend to myself!! My parents are going on a mini vacation, which means I'll be home alone, thank GOD. I need a break from them so bad." Abby said to me.

"Oh awesome!" I replied.

I choose my next words very carefully.

"Got any big plans this weekend then?"

"Nah not really" she said. "I'm just so happy I get to have a free weekend for once."

I was about to muster up the courage to ask if she wanted to do something together, but just as I was going to our teacher walked in the room, and Abby slid off my desk and into hers beside me, as class began.

Class went on as normal, and we got to working on this and that, reading and writing. Over the duration of the class, I noticed Abby started to get really fidgety. I made a mental note of it, but didn't think much of it at the time, as my brain was squarely focused on English instead of in the gutter.

Class had maybe ten minutes left when she leans over to me and says:

"I really have to pee."

These words did bring me out of my focus on school, and I practically did a double take when she said it. To keep me cool though I gave a slight chuckle and just shook my head, as not to draw suspicion from her or the teacher.

Class finished up, with Abby fidgeting and bouncing her legs constantly. However, she had a problem ahead, and we both knew it. Our classroom was rather far from the lunchroom, meaning if we didn't get there fast, we would wait in line for food, not get a table, or both. So if she went to the bathroom ahead of time, we'd certainly be waiting a while to eat.

So when class was over she asked me, "do you think I have time to run to the bathroom before lunch?"

"I doubt it, it's nacho day and look, people Are already running that way!" I said, gesturing to our classmates rushing out the door.

"Oh shoot, fine let's go, I'm starving!" She said back. We immediately got going, and was able to get in line without having to wait too long.

Once we sat down at a table I said to her,

"you can go ahead and go to the bathroom, I'll keep your seat."

I know this goes against what I deeply wanted inside, but I'm not about to out that part of myself right here in the lunchroom.

"Ugh no, I do still have to go pretty bad but I'm starving, let's just eat."

I just shrugged, and got to chowing down, since I was hungry too. We had a table to ourselves surprisingly, and we enjoyed laughing and talking as we would normally do every day. We also flirted pretty hard core as well. Abby had touched my arm a few times, which hadn't gone unnoticed by me, and I kept sticking my leg out a little farther so it would bump into hers. You know, harmless high school flirting.

"You're too funny Alex I can't believe you!" She said to me laughing, after I made a dirty joke.

"Hey, I just call it like I see it!" I said back.

She deep sighed then said to me, "fuck I really have to pee now, I won't make it through another class."

"Well go then!" I said back to her.

"What, here??" She said to me, incredulously.

I did another double take, and quickly laughed to Avery any tension that may have caused.

"No you goon, go to the bathroom!"

"Ooooooh hahaha!" She said, laughing very hard. I joined in and kept laughing. But then, she really blew my mind, and all inhibitions went out the window.

As we stopped laughing, she got a look in her eyes, leaned over and said,

"Dare me to go right here?"

I paused. My heart literally shit from 70 bpm to over 100 in a second. I locked eyes with her and paused, knowing I'd have to play this very carefully. Is she playing with me? Is she serious? Joking? I answered with a laugh.

"Oh yeah like peeing in the lunchroom is a good idea."

"Why not?? The school bathrooms are nasty, and I really have to go, who's gonna know??" She said, doubling down.

I replied, "what're you gonna do, just drop your pants and squat?? Everyone would see you!"

"No, I'd go in my pants! I'm wearing black leggings, no one will see!"

Now my heart shot up to 120 bpm.

"You wouldn't." I said

"It wouldn't be the first time I've peed myself." She said in a whisper.

Now, my heart nearly stopped.

Then I said, "Ok Abby, you're on. I dare you!"

"What do I get if I do it??" She said to me with a punch of the arm.

I figured since I'd gotten this far, why not go for broke. I took a deep breath, and prayed. "If you do it, you win a date with yours truly?"

Her eyes widened, but then she gave me another look and touched my arm and said.

"What do you get out of this?"

I thought about it and said with a wink, "I think I win either way."

She was silent for another moment, then just stared me down.

She said "deal", with a wink, then she straightened up.

I still couldn't believe she was actually going through with this and said,

"Wait so your actually gonna do it??"

"Yes!" She said. "I want to win that date you offered!"

This time, I was speechless. I might have even been in love.

I couldn't get another word out before she closed her eyes, took a deep breathe, and said, "I'm going now"

She was sitting across from me so I couldn't see what was happening, but I could see every other tell tale sign. She closed her eyes, shook a little, then sat absolutely still. I heard the smallest of drops as her pee went from the crotch her pants, off the chair and onto the floor, but most of it was actually stopped up by her black leggings. I even could smell it a little, although that was much harder to tell.

"I can't believe you're peeing yourself " I said in disbelief.

"I can't either!" She said back to me.

I got so incredibly aroused in that moment, it was very difficult not to show it or give anything away about how I felt in the moment. I was just in heaven, watching Abby be in absolute bliss as she emptied her bladder into her pants.

"There, all done!" She said to me with a wicked smile.

"That was absolutely amazing" I said before I could catch myself.

"Amazing huh??" She said back to me.

I was now in panic mode. Had I said to much? I stammered away, "oh I mean... Uh... I uh..."

She laughed. "No you're right it was pretty amazing! I've never done that in such a public place before! Feels so naughty of me!"

"Haha yeah!" Was all I could force out of me.

Then there was a silence for a few seconds as we kind of just stared at each other.

"So I guess I win that date, right?" She said to me, softly.

Before I could respond, the lunch bell rang, signaling we had to get to our next class. Abby started getting up, while I still sat there in disbelief of everything. I was able to muster a smile right as she was about to turn and walk away

"Call me later!" She said, again with that trademark smile of hers. And she started walking away.

"I will!!" I yelled back to her. She turned and took a few steps backwards while looking at me and smiling. Then she did a quick "I still can't believe I did that" smile before turning away again. I just stared at her ass as long as I could, I didn't care if anyone saw me. I saw the wet spot all up her ass checks and halfway down her legs. It was the most amazing thing I had ever seen.

The rest of the day went be in a flash. I could hardly think about anything else after what had happened in the lunch room. I was on cloud nine, and couldn't wait to go out with Abby! I still couldn't believe it all!

Once I was home later that night, I gave Abby a call. She answered in the second ring.

"Hey you!" She said in a happy tone.

"Hey! What's up?" I said back.

"Nothing much, just trying to finish up some homework. How about you?" She said.

"Same, I'm tired of working haha."

I was quickly running out of things to say, I didn't exactly know how to approach the elephant in the room, which was her peeing herself in lunch today. Luckily though, she did that for me.

"So I bet you're still thinking about lunch today, right?" She said.

"As a matter of fact I am! What tipped it off?" I said.

"Well I'm still thinking about it too! It's still so crazy to me! I've had accidents before, but never like that!" She said.

I replied, perhaps a little too enthusiastically, "woah woah, you have??"

"Haha of course!" She said with a laugh. "Plenty of times. At the pool, at work, on road trips, I guess I just don't have the best bladder!"

We both laughed at that one.

"But I gotta ask, this doesn't gross you out? Most guys always scream "ew" if I pee myself in front of them."

In a rush I said, "no! No, it doesn't gross me out at all!"

"Why?"

And there it was. I had a choice to make, and I had to make it fast. Do I lie? Do I tell the truth, that it's a fetish of mine? Would it gross her out? Is that too forward? I decided to try and split the difference between the truth and a lie.

"I don't know, I mean it just doesn't. I've seen a couple of people pee themselves before, it's whatever. Besides, you looked pretty cute as you did it too!"

As you can tell, I decided to fucking send it. I'd already gotten this far by doing essentially nothing, let's see what doing something gets me.

She paused just long enough to get me to panic a little, before saying:

"Oooho really now! Well that's certainly good to know!" She said with what I could tell was delight in her voice.

I stuck the landing, for now.

"Haha yeah, so you've got nothing to worry about if you ever have another accident while I'm around!" I replied.

She laughed, saying "I'm glad to hear that!"

We both laughed, before we continued talking about other things. We ended up setting up our first actual "date," or "hang out," whatever label you want to call it. She made good on that bet, so we decided to go see a movie.

*001*2022-04-24 17:48

PART 2

The rest of the week went by, and I absolutely could not wait until the weekend. Abby and I planned our movie date for Saturday night, and to say I was excited was a massive understatement! Forgetting about the fact that she might be the girl of my dreams after wetting herself that day in the lunchroom, I was already smitten with her beforehand. That being said, I was incredibly excited that she wanted to go out with me, while also being very nervous!

I have never dated before. I know I am a high school senior and all, but I just never had someone show any interest in me. Until now, that is. Sure I had a few crushes here and there, but I was either too scared or too busy to do anything about them. But once Abby and I really started talking, I knew I wanted her to be my girlfriend some day. And now that day is here! I think. We haven't really labeled anything, but we're going on a first date!

Speaking of which, the date! It was finally Saturday. I spent all day trying to stay level headed and not overthink anything. And most of all, i tried to keep my expectations in check about Abby's "accident." I know we talked about it, but nothing is ever obvious until it is, you know? I still am not sure weather she did that just for laughs, or genuinely enjoyed it. I was in heaven either way, but I of course can't ask her to do that again. Not yet anyway. With all this in mind, I went into Saturday night level headed, and with tempered expectations.

I dressed in my favorite semi-fancy outfit. Long Khaki casual pants, a plain t-shirt and a bangin pair of shoes. I set out to meet Abby at the movie theater. I offered to pick her up, but she said she would just meet me there. First date things I guess.

The theater was at an outdoor mall that was very popular for our area. We had decided to see the latest action film, nothing too crazy. I pulled up maybe 15 minutes early, so I decided to just go chill out front of the theater until Abby got there.

The minutes ticked by, but luckily I had no reason to be nervous. Abby showed up maybe ten minutes later, and she looked absolutely gorgeous. As she walked over from her car, she gave me a big wave when she spotted me and started into one of those half fast walk, half jog things. She looked amazing. She was in a stunning sundress that was tight on the top, and a little flowy on the bottom, going down to just above her knees. It showed off all of her best parts without being both too slutty or too casual. She also had her hair up in a pony tail, with a few strands going down the side of her face. She had makeup on as well, but no too much. She was beautiful.

"Hello? Earth to Alex??" She said suddenly.

I must have been gawking. Can you blame me?

"Oh! Sorry! You just look absolutely amazing Abby, wow!" I said to her while going in for a greeting hug.

She blushed hard. It was here where I noticed she wasn't quite as boisterous and comfortable as she might be at school. I assumed she was just as nervous as I was, and it was adorable as hell.

"Aw thank you!" She said, still red as a tomato. She smiled heavily and said, "You look very handsome as well!"

"Ah, thanks! But I'm no match for you, wow again!" I said back.

Abby somehow blushed even harder, this time turning her face away to hide it a little.

"Stop it you' too nice! I was so nervous all day long for our date, I had no idea what to wear, I must have gone through a dozen outfits." She said.

I replied, "Well you chose the perfect one. Shall we go inside?"

"yes!"

And with that, off we went. I gave the entrance guy our tickets, and before walking into the theater I offered to buy us some snacks.

"Want anything? Its my treat!"

"Oh no no no, you bought the tickets, so any snacks are on me!" She raced off ahead of me before I could even try playing the check dance with her. I was in heaven.

"I'm getting a sprite and some popcorn, what about you?" She said as I caught up to her.

"I'll just have a coke and some candy, want to share that popcorn?" I asked.

"Definitely!" She stepped up to the counter, paid for our snacks, and off we went.

We began walking towards our movie, and for the first time I thought about her accident the other day. One would think it was the only thing on my mind, but I was too ensnared in our conversation, trying not to screw up my very first date. But the reason I thought about her accident was, as we passed by the bathroom, I could tell she hesitated. I was about to ask if she wanted to go before the movie and offer to held her stuff, but she actually turned away from it and walked back next to me again. So I didn't mention it, subtly thinking this might end up very well for me.

"So have you heard anything about this movie before?" I asked her as we took our seats. I am a big movie buff, so here was my time to see what she knew about movies.

"Not really! But I like all movies, I never really am too picky." she replied.

I then said, "well you're going to love this one its about..." and went into details about everything from the story to the directors, blah blah blah. I could tell I was getting in the weeds about it all, but she just stared at me the entire time, laughing at any joke I made and being truly interested in what I was saying. I could tell I was alright and not being creepy, because she kept touching my arm like she would back in school. It was all I could do to not melt down to the floor, I was probably blushing just as hard as she was!

Once the lights went down, I went to a whisper and wrapped up whatever I was talking about.

As I finished she said, "now I'm excited!" and turned towards the screen.

The first 20 or 30 minutes of the movie went by, but in truth I was only half paying attention. In my mind I was going over every possible first date scenario. Do I hold her hand? Put my arm around her? Do nothing? What if she hates the movie? What if she leaves? I was lost. If Abby was having similar thoughts, she certainly didn't show it. I tried to steal a few glances in her direction, and she was staring intently at the screen.

Seeing her gorgeous face gave me the resolve to do what I did next. Her hands were just sitting in her lap, so I made my move. I reached over and placed my one hand on her thigh, face up. By doing that, it gave her the option to either take my hand in hers, or push it away. Luckily, she eagerly took my hand. In doing so, we both shared a subtle glance, locking eyes in the dark theater for what seemed like an eternity. She gave me a very soft smile, and I could tell she was blushing. She returned her gaze to the screen, as did I, and we went another hour of the movie just like that, hand in hand.

I was still only half paying attention the entire time, due to having my first ever semi-intimate moment with a girl ever. it was a big moment for me, and I intended to relish it. I hoped she was enjoying herself as well, but it was hard to get a read on her in the theater. With maybe another 20 or 30 minutes left in the movie, I noticed Abby had started shuffling around a good bit. I was in tune with my wetting fetish enough to know this could only mean one thing: she had to pee.

My mind instantly began racing. There was no way I could get this lucky twice. Is this a thing with her? Does she like it too? I tried not to get too ahead of myself, but it was very hard. I remembered how she didn't use the bathroom before the movie, and how she basically downed her soda over the first 45 minutes of the movie. Looking back, this outcome was bound to happen. Unfortunately, I had no idea how to broach the situation. Do I ask if she has to go? That seemed to forward. plus she would miss the end of the movie. Do I do nothing? That seemed disingenuous, seeing as how I knew she needed to pee. As these thoughts raced in my mind though, I suddenly heard her whisper in my ear.

"How much time is left in the movie Alex?"

I said back, "Maybe 20 or 30 minutes, why?"

"Oh ok, I just have to pee."

I said again, "Well you can just go if you want, I'll tell you what you miss."

"No I want to see the end, I'll be ok." she said back.

With that, we both turned our attentions back to the screen, although mine was thoroughly torn. I kept one eye on Abby, who was now shifting in her seat quite a lot. Every other minute or so she would switch her legs around, trying to get comfortable. About ten minutes later she started to bounce her leg as well. It was here where she let go of my hand, but I paid no mind because she used that hand to hold her crotch. I took this chance to lean over and say.

"Maybe another ten minutes left, I can tell its wrapping up now."

"ok good I have to go pretty bad!' she whispered back.

Another ten minutes went by, and the movies credits began to roll. But as I started to get up, I noticed we had a new problem. It was a full house, and we were all the way in the back of the theater. This means there would likely be a line for the bathroom, which would not be good for Abby.

As I stood up i said,

"So, what did you think? Good huh?"

Abby was still seated, still holding herself, although not nearly as obviously now since thew lights were back on.

"yes it was really good! But I really need the bathroom, can we get going?" She said, standing up.

"Sure lets head out." I said back. But as I turned, we both saw everyone else had gotten up too, so it would likely be a few minutes until we got out of there.

"You going to be ok?" I asked her.

"I think so, I just hope it goes quick." She said back.

It was another few minutes before we made out of the theater and to the bathrooms. And as luck would have it, I was right. There was a very long line for the women's restroom.

"Oh nooooo" she said in a groan once she saw the line. She was now hunched over, with her hands on her hips and her legs all twisted. I thought she looked adorable, but I could tell she didn't want to be this way in a public setting.

"We can wait, or do you want to go and try to find another bathroom?"

"Do you think there's another one somewhere?" She asked.

"I think so, I thought I saw a bookstore at the other end of the mall. Can you make it there?"

She said back, "I'll have to, because I'm sure as hell not waiting here."

So we left the theater and started our walk to the bookstore. It was maybe a five minute walk, but I had no idea if Abby would make it or not. She was walking all funny, and I could tell she was stressed.

We got maybe half way there before she stopped and hunched over.

"OOOOh Alex I'm not going to make it. FUCK I didn't want to do this on our first date..."

I quickly said "No no no its ok Abby, really!"

"No it isn't, you aren't supposed to piss yourself on a first date!" She said, almost in tears. She was holding her crotch in earnest, and I could tell she was out of time.

I quickly looked around, and then I just went for it. "Abby, remember what I said? I will never care if you pee yourself. As a matter of fact, it doesnt bother me whatsoever. There are no people around. If you have to go, you have to go!"

She did a quickj look around as well, then said, "Well I am in a dress, nothing will get wet but my panties..."

I jumped in and said, "Just go Abby, its ok."

She looked me dead in the eyes, then stood up and grabbed my hand. "Thank you," she whispered. I looked down, and she had already begun. She had spread her legs wide, and started peeing full force down onto the pavement. She was right, her dress covered everything and she was totally dry everywhere, except for her panties. What I wouldn't have given to shove my hands down there to feel this glorious moment for myself. But I am a gentlemen, and I knew this was not the time. Not yet.

But I did do this.

"As a matter of fact Abby... I find this really hot."

She was looking down as she peed, but snapped back up to me as I said that. "what, me peeing myself?

"Yes, isnt it obvious?" I said back to her. "When you did it in the lunchroom, I wasn't grossed out, I was ecstatic!" I said to her, grabbing her other hand. She was still peeing, but her flow was slowing down now after what was about 20 seconds.

She stared into me, saying nothing. But then she did a double take, as if it had all clicked for her, and she smiled so big and said, "So you like when I pee myself??"

"Abby, I absolutely love it."

She looked like she was about to cry of happiness. And there was my moment. I went in quickly, and I kissed her. She had stopped peeing now, and I kissed her over the big puddle she had just made. After maybe two seconds she broke off the kiss and said,

"Its about time, I've been waiting for you to ask me out."

My jaw dropped. "You have??"

"Oh of course, I've been crushing on you hard Alex!" She said to me, blushing redder than a sunburn now.

No words came out of my mouth, when she retook my hands and gave me one more quick kiss. With that, she looked down and pointed.

"And thank god you like this, because there is so much more where that came from."

"There is?" I said to her, shocked.

"Oh did I not mention? I love wetting myself too." She said with a wink.

She started walking towards our cars, but I still stood there, short circuited from the words I just heard her say.

"Hey boyfriend, are you coming or what?" She shouted back at me.

"I love you" I mouthed to myself, and I stared running towards her. Abby was my dream girl, and now she's my girlfriend!

*006*2022-04-26 02:25

PART 3

The next few weeks were some of the very best of my life. Do you remember your first love, if you have had one? I never had up until this point. And it was maddening how happy we both were. It was intoxicating, actually. We talked non stop. We texted every single day. Walked to and from class together. Passed cute notes from one another. I know, all disgusting at times, but I had never been in a relationship before. I learned that neither had Abby, so this was the first time for both of us. But what was so amazing is, we both felt such pure, utter energy and ecstasy. We were both falling hard, and it was amazing.

I came to learn that shared a lot of things in common, more than just our shared fetish. We both loved movies and going to see them in theaters, we both loved video games too, me more so than her but she was happy to play with most of the time. We both loved the outdoors too, going out on hikes and camping. And we also both enjoyed just being lazy together sometimes. Just sitting around and being together. Like I said, intoxicating, but very wonderful.

But back to the other half of this smitten relationship, our shared fetish for her bathroom habits. I still can't believe I found a girl that actually enjoys peeing herself. The following Monday morning at school, I was able to finally ask her what was the story behind all this. We were early, just sitting on the ground by our lockers, killing a few minutes before our first classes started.

"I had such a fun time on Saturday Alex, thank you again for taking me out." She said to me.

"Oh are you kidding?" I replied. "I had an amazing time! Thank YOU for saying yes!"

We both laughed, and she shined her trademark smile at me, the one where she turns looks me in the eyes and turns bright red.

"So... I have to ask." I said in a whisper. "Why do yo--"

She cut me off. "Why do I like to pee myself?"

"Well, if you don't mind my asking." I quickly said.

"Oh I don't mind, but only if you tell me why you think its so hot first." She said, biting her lip and turning red.

I gave her a wry smile, looking around to see if anyone was within earshot first, before answering, "Oh I see how it is. I'm afraid there isn't much of a story actually. I think I remember some girl peeing herself way back when, but never really thinking of it until recently. For some reason it stuck with me as something I found to be insanely attractive. Once I figured myself out during puberty and... you know... it just became a thing." I finished with a shrug.

"Hmm." She said with a smirk. "I suppose that's an acceptable answer. I might as well tell you my side of the story."

"Oh please do!" I said back.

She began, "For me, I've actually really never had a strong bladder. I was potty trained, and there's nothing clinically wrong with me, I've just been a little accident prone my whole life. Long car rides, airplane trips, big moments of excitement like surprises or laughing fits, you name it. Sometimes I just forget to think about it to. Sure my parents made sure to make me go all the time, but having an accident never bothered me either. So I just let *whatever* happen, happen."

Abby put a certain amount of emphasis and smile when she said "whatever," at the end of her sentence. Now was my chance. She lobbed it up like a softball the size of a beach ball. Could it really be? Could she really be into... everything?

I swallowed and asked, "When you say, *whatever*, do you mean..." and trailed off, with my implication being rather obvious.

She smiled, and her face burned as red as the sun. She gave a shoulder shrug, winked, and said, "I don't know, maybe!"

My jaw, quite literally dropped. I was in love. And she knew it too, I could read on her face that she loved the effect she was having on me. So she was either playing me for the cheapest fiddle in the west, or we were more meant to be than Romeo and Juliet!

Abby continued. "But yeah, I've had plenty of accidents! I'd say its a pretty even split between purposeful and accidental too. Like with the lunchroom the other day? I think its fun to shock people with a good "pee dare" every once in a while."

I replied, "Oh you certainly shocked me! But I loved it!"

"Oh I know you did!" She said back.

"But yeah. One time I was on a big girls camping trip with friends of mine back in middle school, and we were just chasing each other around the house, and a friend of mine tackled me, and as we went down we both fell into a fit of laughter. Next thing I knew, my panties and my pajamas were soaking wet!" She continued.

"No way!" Was all I could think to say.

"Way! Another time, I was walking home from a soccer practice, and I really had to pee, and since my clothes were already filthy and full of sweat, and no one was around, I just let it all go right there in my soccer pants. Felt amazing too."

I laughed and pushed her shoulder playfully. I was loving this!

"Oh and then there was this time where I actually pooped myself!"

And there it was. No more subtext. She actually said it.

"Wait really??" I said to her, in a way to both express how truly interested in this I was, without being creepy."

"Oh yeah!" She said with a laugh. "I was at a pool party back in middle school, and I had been eating and drinking all day just like everyone else. Well, after a few hours of just peeing in the pool, like everyone does, I felt that I had to poop. But unfortunately for me, I hadn't stopped for even a minute that entire afternoon. I was in the pool, out of the pool, grabbing a snack, running around, it was a party! So by the time my body actually told me I had to poop, it was like, DEFCON 1!"

This time I genuinely laughed, as that was actually pretty funny.

"So what did you do?? Did you poop in the pool??"

Now she laughed, "NO I did not, goober! Once I felt the pressure hit me, I just turned heel as fast as I could out of the water. The bathroom was maybe 100 feet away from me, and I fast walked as quickly as I could but..." She faded out with a shrug.

"Oh my gosh you're kidding!" I said, laughing, but also in pure heaven.

"Nope, did it right there in my one piece!"

"Did everyone see you? What did you do" I prodded her to continue.

"Nah, luckily enough I was close to the bathroom. It wasn't a big poo, but it was certainly a big enough one. It came out mid-walk, and I looked like I had a tail as I walked past the mirror in the bathroom!"

I was laughing really hard now, as that was also genuinely funny.

"I'm glad this is so funny for you!" Abby said, while laughing along with me."

"No its amazing! I'm laughing because I just would have LOVED to be there to see that!"

"Oh i know you would have big guy" she said to me with a pat on the cheek. "But yeah, I made it into the bathroom with no one seeing me, and I sat right down on the toilet as fast as I could. I still had to go, so I ripped off my one piece as fast as I could, and was able to finish up in the toilet. The luckiest part of all of this is, it was solid enough that it actually was super easy to cleanup. I just dropped it in the toilet, finished pooping, then put my suit back on and hopped back in the pool. Wasn't dirty at all!"

"Man what a great story!" I said once she finished.

"Thank you, thank you..." She said with a mock bow.

"So just over the years, you've been accident prone... huh. But what about... You know..." I trailed off.

"Oh, you mean..." She said, with a gesture that indicated we were on the same page."

That part is kind of like your part I guess. Once I got into high school and really started going through puberty, it kind of just became my thing. I would have accidents so often that it became kind of a.. turn on." She whispered to me. Now, I was the one with the red face. "So it got to the point where any chance I could get without being caught, I'd have an *accident*..." She finished, biting her lip.

And this is where I jumped in. "So, you do like it then? Like you said back at the movies, there's more where that came from? You weren't joking me?"

She gave me a side eye, then said, "Alex, I am being totally honest with you." She looked up and down the hallway, then whispered to me, "I love peeing myself. And more"

I started stammering, trying to get words out, but before I could, the class bell rang, and Abby started to get up.

She said as she got up, "Cat got your tongue? Tough luck big guy, you'll get 'em next time."

As she grabbed her bag off the floor, she did one of those quick feels of the crotch that one does, like when a guy tries to fix his junk, or when a girl is checking for their period.

"Ooh, a little damp down there!"

Again, I was nearly too stunned to speak. But I was able to un-swallow my tongue, and find the words to say, "Wait, did you just have an accident?"

She bit her lip, then walked over to me, grabbed my hand, and whispered into my ear, "No."

Readers. When I tell you I don't think I had ever been more turned on, utterly happy, and completely awestruck with silence all at the same time, I freakin mean it.

I must have gotten tunnel vision, because the next thing I knew, Abby was blowing me a kiss goodbye as she walked to her class. I came to just in time to catch it, and had to sprint off in order to not miss my own class. But damn... What a gal.

*008*2022-04-27 04:07

PART 4

There was a day a little while later that proved to be one of my favorites of the entire year. Things were going amazingly between Abby and I. We continued down our path of discovery during our brand new relationship, learning more new things about one another. We truly were a couple now. We'd been together for over a week now, and we weren't hiding it. We'd been holding hands in the hallways, meeting up after class and after school, texting constantly. What was funniest though was, all of our friends being so happy about us! Apparently Abby's friends knew she was crushing on me and had hoped we would be dating soon. And my friends, well, were just happy I was dating someone. But that's neither here nor there, its just all to say that things really were going great for the both of us.

It was the last period of the day, and fortunately it was actually a class that we shared. Unfortunately for us, it was one that had assigned seats, so we sat quite literally as far away from one another as possible. The desks were arranged in a sort of semi circle around the center of the room, and we were on opposite ends. So while we weren't sitting next to each other, at least we got to look one another in the eyes. We made the time pass by making faces at one another. And if we could get away with it, we would just text each other during class as well. As luck would have it, today was a Friday movie day so our teacher wasn't paying any attention, allowing us to text each other the whole time.

Me: I just want this day to end so we can go do something

Abby: god yes, this is so boring

Me: Do you want to do something tonight? Did you have any plans?

Abby: I was hoping you would ask!

She smiled at me from across the room.

Abby: No I have no plans, but I do want to do something with you. Any ideas?

Me: Oh good! But no, I'm up for anything though. Movie? Game Night? Just drive Around?

Abby: Just driving around sounds fun, maybe we could go find something to do somewhere.

Me: Great idea! I bet we can find something.

Abby: Yeah! As long as I'm with you, I'm happy

My heart skipped a beat at that one. It never gets old, hearing a sweet nothing from your loved one, weather its the first time or the thousandth time.

Me: Being with you is the only thing I wanted to do this weekend anyway

Now I could see her smile back at me from across the room and blush a little. She looked especially cute today too. It was Friday, which was generally regarded as a casual day for us. Seeing as how Abby was incredibly fit and worked hard on her body, she often would wear leggings to school to show off her figure. All kinds of leggings too; athletic, joggers, capris, soft and comfy, anything really. But today was a soft and comfy kind of day. She had on dark grey soft cotton leggings, and a plain t shirt. I'm not sure if she knew it yet, but I genuinely couldn't stop staring at her all day.

Me: also, if I haven't told you already today, you look stunning.

I could see Abby make a puppy dog face at me from across the room.

Abby: Aw you're too sweet! I didn't really try though, this is just an average outfit for me.

Me: That's what makes you so beautiful!

Abby: Stop it I'm blushing like crazy!

She was, I could see her instinctively covering her face while reading that message.

Abby: Thank you for being so nice, I'm glad you think I look good today!

Me: Oh you look amazing every day don't worry!

I kept pouring on the sweetness. It was all true too. Its not like I was trying to get in her pants or anything. Although that is ideally where I'd like to end up... I'm not rushing this. Abby quite possibly is my dream girl, I don't want to fuck it up by going too fast. The good thing was, I could feel she was head over heels for me too, so shooting compliment after compliment at her wasn't going to do me any damage.

Abby: Stoppppp you're too amazing. And you quite the looker yourself!

I was dressed like I always dressed. A pair of shirts, a t shirt, and a nice pair of shoes. I know its different for guys, but hey, she's into me, right?

Me: Oh hush, you know I look like this every day!

Abby: No I mean, you're hot Alex. Why do you think I can't stop looking at you?

I looked up from my phone, and she indeed was staring at me. I took a moment and visibly put my phone down, put my chin on my hand and just stared back at her. We made googly eyes and soft smiles at each other in that dark classroom for what felt like a year. Having my heart constantly fluttering was an ecstatic feeling, and I never wanted it to end. But after a quick glance at our teacher to make sure he wasn't noticing us, i sent her this.

Me: I really like you Abby.

I saw her look down at her phone and take one of those big deep breathes you take when you can barely contain your excitement.

Abby: I like you a lot too

Unfortunately, it was then where we saw our teacher start to survey the classroom. We both hid our phones in our laps and pretended to be watching the movie. He kept his eye on the class for a bit, so I wasn't able to do more than steal a glance or two at Abby for the time being. She was watching the movie anyway. Another ten minutes went by though, and I was able to sneak my phone back out. I wanted to go big. I was emboldened by our texts and our whole week of new love that I decided to just go for it.

Me: Hey Abby.

Abby: Yes?

Me: I dare you to pee yourself!

I sent it. I know I said I wasn't trying to rush things, but at this point I don't think this was rushing it. Abby has already peed herself in front of me, in public mind you, told me peeing herself (and pooping herself) turns her on, and has gone IN DETAIL about the numerous accidents she has had over the years. At this point, talking about accidents and Abby peering herself was a normal point of conversation. But for the first time, I actually shot a dare at her out of the blue, hoping to catch her off guard. I know she'll be into it, but will she have the stones to go for it?

I stared at her as she read the message, and she bit her lip as she typed back.

Abby: I don't have to go right now...

Me: Oh. That's unfortunate...

Abby: I didn't say no...

I shot my eyes back up at her, and she was staring at me intensely, with the same look she got in her eyes when she peed herself back in the lunchroom. I decided to egg her on.

Me: Ah, so you aren't a chicken then!

Abby: You know i'm not! I just don't want to get caught!

Me: Well I guess its good you don't have to go then!

Abby: I think there's a little in the tank... enough to be noticeable, but not enough to leave a puddle or anything.

Me: You're wearing dark leggings, and its a dark classroom. Who's gonna notice?

Abby: Exactly why I didn't say no...

Me: Like I said, I dare you.

Abby: Watch me.

I put my phone down and stared intently at Abby. She had put her phone down as well, and although it was hard to see, I could tell she spread her legs open under her desk. Abby put one hand in her crotch, and another on the desk. She looked at the teacher, then looked left and right to make sure nobody but me was paying any attention to her. When she was satisfied, I saw her close her eyes. It lasted only a few seconds, after which she reopened her eyes, took her hand back out of her crotch and closed her legs. She picked up her phone.

Abby: Done

Me: God this damn dark classroom, I could barely tell! Did you really do it??

Abby: Of course! My crotch is soaked!

Me: How bad is it?

Abby: Not to bad at all, like I said I didn't really have to go.

I watched as she gave her butt a nonchalant itch, which was obvious to me as a subtle way of feeling how wet she was back there.

Abby: My butt is mostly dry, its my crotch that is soaking. My leggings may not show it, but my panties are thoroughly peed in!

Me: Man what I wouldn't give to see it.

Abby: Don't worry, I'll make sure you get to see plenty of it this weekend

Me: Fuck me that's hot...

We really were getting into the dirty talk now. I'd made it this far by going for broke, why stop now?

Abby: Oh I agree, it feels absolutely amazing...

Me: What does it feel like?

Abby: Almost like an orgasm, actually

I almost choked on my breath.

Abby: Its warm and comforting, but also naughty. Makes me it even wetter down there, if you know what I mean...

Me: Trust me, it's not exactly a "soft" situation over here. I know exactly what you mean, and I'm here for it.

Abby: Good

I watched Abby rub her legs together, reveling in the warmth of her freshly peed in panties, when my boldness took yet an even greater step.

Me: Now I dare you to poop yourself.

She looked up at me with her mouth agape, before catching herself and texting back.

Abby: No way!!!

Me: *Bawk Bawk Bawk* Sounds like chicken talk to me.

Abby: I don't even have to go right now!

This is where I knew I had her.

Me: Liar!

She looked back up at me as if she'd been caught.

Abby: No I'm not!

Me: Abby, its two hours post lunch and you've had coffee today. Plus, you've told me when you get home from school you have to take a shit. So I know you're bluffing!

She knew I had her. She looked back up at me and bit her lip again, but less of a sexy bite and more of a nervous one.

Abby: But in front of all these people??

Me: A dare's a dare!

I wasn't sure if she'd actually go for it, but i figured it was worth a shot. Discreetly peeing yourself is one thing, but making a big lump in your leggings, where the whole class could see and smell it is a whole other thing. Abby hadn't responded, as I could see her thinking it over.

Abby: I'll cut you a deal.

Me: What's that.

Abby: I'll poop myself, after the bell, as we're walking on our way out of the building. But you have to make it worth my while.

Me: I thought you liked pooping yourself? Is that not worthy enough?

Abby: Oh I do, but I'm the one shitting in public here!

Me: Fair point... but I did dare you!

Abby: Dare accepted! But I expect one hell of a weekend together!

We both put our phones down, as the lights came back on right at that moment. The movie had ended, and our teacher got up.

"Alright everyone, there's only five minutes of class left. It's Friday, talk amongst yourselves until the bell rings." They said.

But Abby and I didn't move a muscle. We locked eyes, and didn't let go. She was shifting in her seat, undoubtedly battling the beast that was in her rectum. But she was also very turned on, I could tell. She was embarrassed and looking down, but also biting her lip and breathing a little heavily. I could she was as into this as I was. Not just the fetish that we both love, but the dirty, naughtiness of it all as well. It was intoxicating.

At last, the final bell rang. Everyone rushed out of the room, grabbing their bags and heading for their busses and their cars. Abby and I slowly got up, still making eye contact. We met at the door, and walked out into the crowded hallway. She turned around, and started walking towards the exit at the end of the hallway, maybe 100 feet away. I got in step right behind her, maybe 6 inches from her rear end. There were people all around us, but it felt like we were the only two people in the world. I leaned into her ear. squeezed her hand in mine and whispered.

"i'm right behind you."

She turned her head just enough to the side to give me her trademark side eye. She was blushing like crazy, but I couldn't tell if it was from being turned on or from the poop she was about to do.

We got maybe 20 feet from the door when the crowd started to thin a little. It was here where she turned her head and said,

"it's happening."

Abby began to walk a little bowlegged. Nothing too out of the ordinary, but you'd notice it if you were paying attention. She was still walking, but I could tell she was bearing down. But instead of a slow burn like I thought it would be, it all happened in the blink of an eye. One moment, her leggings contoured to her butt like normal, and they next they expanded to the size of a tennis ball, comfortable nestled in between her cheeks. I could tell it wasn't solid either, more of the soft serve consistency. It filled the crevasse of her crack, and made a sizeable damp patch as well. I stayed right behind her so no one could see what she had done. But me, I was in our heaven.

Abby though, she was in pure heaven. I heard her exhale and grunt a little as her mess flowed out of her. Once it finished, we were at the exit and walked outside. No one was around us, but I just grabbed her by the hand and we fast walked to my car which was only another 50 feet away.

Once we got there, Abby leaned up against my car, still heavily breathing. But she wasn't out of breath, I could tell she was super into this. I sure was.

"That was fucking incredible!" I said to her.

"Oh my god that felt so fucking amazing.." She said to me between bated breathes.

"Did you like it?" I asked.

"Oh my god Alex, I've wanted to do that for so long... I never get to poop my pants like I want to, I can't believe I just did that!" She replied.

I responded, "That was truly the most amazing thing I've ever been a part of." I said to her, laughing as I pulled her in for a kiss. She laughed along with me, and we reveled in the wonderful mess she made.

"Take me home so I can get cleaned up?" She asked as we broke off our kiss.

"Your wish is my command!" I said back, as I pulled open my car door for her.

She hopped in, sitting a little gingerly on her butt, but largely paying no mind to the poop in her panties.

"How is it?" I asked her as I got in myself and started driving away.

"It feels like a thousand fireworks are going off in my crotch. So warm... So heavy... So amazing..."

I grabbed her hand. I so badly wanted to shove my hands in her still wet crotch and take her, but I knew there would be a better time and place for that. I drove her the short distance to her house, as we sat and talked about the mess in her pants. When we arrived she hopped out. I rolled my window down, and she gave me a kiss before walking up her driveway to her house. Right before she walked inside, she gave me a full turn in the broad daylight. Her crotch was indeed still wet, ever so slightly a shade darker than the rest of her panties. And her butt had turned brown, as her non-solid poop spread after having sat on it.

She blew me a kiss as she walked in the door. I don't know how she planned to get away with her clean-up, but I knew it would be a tall order. Me on the other hand... I was so rock hard from the whole endeavor, I had my own problem to take care of at home, pronto.

*010*2022-04-29 04:36

PART 5

Abby and I have been dating over a month now. Its still a very new relationship, but were getting more and more comfortable together. Sure, weve gone headfirst into our shared fetish, but we still needed to build a actual relationship together. So over the course of these few weeks, weve learned, weve laughed, and frankly, weve begun to love. Its really feeling like we have something so special, and not just because of the obvious.

Weve finally reached the point in our relationship where weve gotten deep. Weve gone on a few late night and shared some really intimate things with one another. Ive told abby about my struggles with my family, how I have anxiety issues, and where I want to be in my life in the coming years. And abby has told me about how shes felt different in her life by having the fetish we have, how shes always felt such pressure from her family, and where she wants to be as well.

And the best part about it all is, we both have come to the conclusion that we are literally perfect for one another. For me, Abby helps to keep me grounded. She has a way of keeping my head on my shoulders, even after dating for over a month. She has a very calm demeanor when she wants to pull it ou, and its saved me from spinning off the rails once or twice already.

For Abby, she says that dating me has made her feel validated. Not only does she feel seen in terms of our fetish, but she feels seen in her life as a whole. Being under such pressure from her family, I help her navigate those obstacles, while reassuring her she is living her life exactly as she wants to, which is absolutely ok.

This is all to say, Abby and I have officially fallen hard for one another. We havent said I love you yet to one another, but it cant be too far away. Hell, I already know it in my bones, but we all know how scary of a prospect saying those words can be.

But enough of the gushy stuff. I bring it all up, because its exactly what we were discussing the next time I witnessed one of Abbys accidents. We were in my car on a late Saturday night drive. It was getting close to midnight, and wed been driving around, listening to each others favorite music and talking about life. It was about here when I really wanted to know on the deepest level possible, what drove this shared fetish of ours.

So Abby. I started off. I was driving with one arm on the wheel and my other hand resting on her thigh.

I to know exactly why you like to pee and poop yourself. I want to know everything about it. Its so fascinating to me.

It is? Why? She responded. She was leaned back in her seat, with one hand on mine in her lap, the other up on my neck, scratching the back of my head.

I responded. Well, dont you think its wild that we found each other like this? Likely the only two people for a thousand miles that both have this fetish? I just want to share every single thing about this with you, because I never want it to end!

Well you are right. She said back. I still cant believe were dating, but the fact that you actually ENJOY my accidents, let alone dont think theyre disgusting, is so incredibly I dont even have the words.

I cant Either! I said. Which is why I want to know everything about it for you. Talking about it makes it feel so real. Because sometimes it feels like a dream.

Abby continued, Well, Im not sure how much there is to tell that hasnt already been said. My enjoyment of peeing and pooping myself is something that came around over time. Ive told you about my accidents as a child, but once I hit puberty, everything changed.

How so? I asked her. I began rubbing my hand on her thigh. Nothing gross, just something to let her know I was genuinely interested. Plus, she was wearing another pair of soft leggings that I just loved on her.

Well, once I hit puberty my accidents started feeling different. I didnt know quite how different yet, but I knew it was different. 

I nodded my head in understanding.

Abby continued. That was in middle school. Once I got to high school, I learned that my peeing myself felt similar to the way I felt when I saw a hot guy, or something like that.

I let her keep going without interrupting.

Eventually I put two and two together and realized instead of holding myself back from those good feelings by trying not to have accidents, I said fuck it and started to embrace it. At least, mentally embrace it. I still felt self-conscious about having accidents around family and friends, and would only let me pee myself when I knew I could get away with it.

But what about how you said you like daring yourself to do it, or surprising others with it? I asked her.

Well thats exactly what I mean. She said. When its a dare, its a surprise. Its out of the ordinary. Me peeing myself seems like a one-off. So every once in while Im able to do one of those dares, allowing me to pee myself in front of others, which is way different than doing it at home in the bathroom. A much better feeling.

Is that why you had me dare you to pee yourself back in the lunchroom last month? I asked her.

Kinda! She exclaimed. I mean, thats how it started. I had been crushing on you for so long already that I was just excited to talk to you at that point.

I blushed as she said this, and we grinned eachother big doofy grins.

She continued, but once we started talking alone, I kind of started to get turned on? She said, shrugging a little.

You didnt! I said, exclaiming to her.

I did! Come on Alex, Ive wanted to be with you for so long, do you blame me??

Yes I do! I said with a laugh. I was so scared to mess up any of that conversation, I was so nervous! I of course wanted to date you too, but I didnt know what to do, I had never been in that position before!

Abby said, Well, you just being yourself got me turned on! So sue me!

I laughed as she said that. I also took this time to move my hand a little farther in between her legs. I wasnt in her crotch, but my hand was now definitely between her legs at least. And I know she noticed it too, because she spread her legs open a little to allow my hand to be where it was. We were in an unspoken agreement about that situation. She meanwhile, still had her hand against my neck.

Well alright then, but why dare to pee yourself in front of me right there? You had no way of knowing that Id like it! I said to her.

Well sure, hence why I made it a dare, to make myself seem all wild and spontaneous. Plus, I actually hadnt meant to do that in that moment. Once I got turned in, the next natural step in my brain was to want to pee myself. So one thing led to another and She faded out with another shrug and a smile.

Well you gamble paid off, because damn was it hot. I said to her, squeezing her leg.

Hey, what about you though? I know you said this fetish kind of just came to you, but do you know why? From where? She asked me.

Yeah not really! Ive told you everything I know I think. Ive never partaken in the act myself, but Im not really against it either. But theres just something about seeing a girl have an accident seeing her desperate to pee or poop thats so enticing, so adorable even. And then when her pants get dark, or a lump shows up in the back its like that loss of control. That loss of control is what drives it, I think. That, and that I want to be there for it all. To watch, to feel it when it happens, and to help out after the fact. Just, losing control like that just really Now it was my turn to shrug and smile at Abby.

I understand that though. She said back to me. Thats kind of how it is for me too, at least mentally. The feeling of losing control really takes it to another level for me but thats only half of it obviously, feeling the warm pee go down my legs, and pooling around my  abby gestured to her crotch. Its an indescribable feeling.

I jumped in. Well youve talked a lot about peeing yourself, but what about pooping yourself?

Abby blushed. Ahh yes. Pooping myself didnt come until much later. Until recently actually. Id had poop accidents before, but not nearly as often. That swimming one I told you about was the only one that year. But within this past year, since I turned 18, its become this new, amazing thing.

How so? I asked her. Now, I had starting moving my hand farther up her leg. My fingers were all the way in between her legs, with my palm still on top. But now my hand was maybe only an inch or two away from her crotch. Abby spread her legs a little wider to allow for this, so I knew she was still ok with it, per our unspoken agreement.

Well, Ill be honest with you Alex. I shit myself on my 18th birthday. She said, laughing.

You did?? How?? I said incredulously.

Ok so it was my 18th birthday, and I went out with all my girlfriends that night. We went to the club, we want to a house party, we did it all. And I should mention, I was drunk. Verrrry drunk. Abby said.

Aaaaaaah. I think I know how this is going to go. I said laughing.

MMhmm, you sure do! She said, also laughing. I got so drunk that by the time my friends and I all got back to my house at the end of the night I couldnt walk straight. Ill say, at this point Id already peed myself due to all the drinks I had. But I was wearing a black romper, so it was easy to hide.

I laughed heartily at that one.

Shut up! But yeah I was already wet, but after all the food Id eaten all day mixed with the the booze Id just had, I was a time bomb about to blow! So we all got back to my house around 1 or 2 am, and I barely even knew where I was. I was stumbling around, slurring my words, the whole nine. But while I may not remember most of this night, Ill never forget pooping myself. I remember stumbling into my room, falling face first onto my bed, and then I remember my poop just coming right out of me. I dont remember ever having to poop, but I wasnt exactly surprised, given the circumstances. And I remember feeling such a euphoric high from it, it was over from there, pooping myself was officially my new thing.

Damn, thats so crazy! I said at the end of her story

Oh yeah! I dont think ill ever forget it!

So how does pooping yourself compare to peeing yourself? I asked her.

Its surprisingly a different feeling. With peeing, its an immediate, obvious warmth, not unlike an orgasm. It spreads, and fully engulfs me down there, and is such a wonderful feeling. Pooping is more of a mind thing I think? The naughtiness of both of them certainly play into it, but the the naughtiness of pooping myself is amplified, like its even more taboo, more unacceptable, so some part of me wants to just do it Abby said.

I just nodded, taking everything in.

So while peeing is more obvious an immediate, its also a relatively easy cleanup too. Pooping is a lot of buildup, and a lot of in my head, knowing its such a bad thing to do, and then the release is so powerful. The cleanup usually sucks, but its worth it.

Thank you for telling me all of this Abby. Im really glad you like to share this with me, it makes me so happy. I told her at the end. As I said this I was parking the car back at her house, to drop off at the end of the night.

Are you kidding? She said back. Ive been wanting to share this with someone forever! And Im so glad its with you!! She was almost crying as she said this, as if finding me was what shed been looking for for so long.

I went in and kissed her hard. We had been talking for so long, and I couldnt take it any longer. I kissed her and had my hands all over her. Up and down her back, in her hair, on her legs. I didnt dare try to toucher butt or her crotch, until she did it for me.

MMMmmm Abby moaned as we kissed. It was very hot and heavy, and as she did she grabbed one of my hands and put it in front of her crotch. With our unspoken thing going on all night, I didnt say a word. I knew exactly what was about to happen.

Abby moaned again, and suddenly I felt her crotch get very warm and very wet, very fast. She was peeing herself, for me, for US, in my hand, and in my car. It was fucking amazing. I felt her wetness spread across her crotch and get sopped up by her leggings. I had cloth seats, but I didnt care. She let it all out, soaking my hand in the process. As fate would have it though, as her stream tapered off, we got spooked by a flashing light.

Oh my god! She said, breaking off the kiss and trying to cover her now very wet panties and pants.

I turned and looked, but it was just a car turning a ways down the road. I looked back at Abby and laughed, and she laughed with me.

Sorry about that, I thought that was someone!! She said.

Thats ok, I was kind of lost in all the I looked down and shrugged.

Me too. She said, blushing extremely red.

We sat in silence for a moment, just looking into eachothers eyes, both of us breathing heavily. We both knew what we wanted, but somehow we both came to the same conclusion. Not here, not yet. WE both dove in for one more big kiss, before Abby hopped out of the car.

Thank you for an amazing night Alex. Abby said to me through the window.

Thank you for BEING amazing abby. And thank you for that. I said back, looking at her soaked pants.

As long as you like that Alex, Ill keep giving it. She said.

I will never not like it, as long as you keep enjoying it too. I replied.

Trust me, this is never going to get old! She said back to me, before giving her vagina a big rub of her hand, bringing it up to her face and blowing me a kiss. My jaw dropped. But before I could say anything, she was already up at the door to her house.

Goodnight! She shouted down to me.

All I could do was wave back. I was in love.

*014*2022-05-06 01:51

PART 6

It has now been over two months of dating for Abby and I, and life has been nothing short of perfection. As I've said before, we both click really well together, not just in terms of our fetish, but as people as well. But now on top of that, we're starting to grow together. We're starting to think longer term, now that we both know we really have something special together. And no we aren't talking marriage or anything, that's a bit premature considering we're seniors in highschool. But we are discussing what we want to do with our lives, what colleges we might want to go to, and if we think we might still be together when that time comes. I certainly want to be, as does she, but college is tricky, so we kind of just have to wait and see.

That is where we are relationship-wise, but physically, we were actually out in nature for the next story I want to share with you. On this day, Abby and I had decided to get lost in the woods and go on a hike. There's a nature preserve not too far from where we live, so we decided to make the drive and hike up the small foothill that lie within it.

On this particular day, we both dressed for the occasion. I had on athletic shorts and a t shirt, along with some old tennis shoes. Abby was largely the same-- she had on short athletic shorts, and a sports bra/tank top combo that just looked amazing on her. She also had her hair in a pony tail to complete the look. We set off from the base of the "mountain" in the morning, expecting to reach the top in about an hour. It wasn't a tough hike, but it was a great time nonetheless.

It was a early spring day, maybe a month from graduation. This obviously made our conversation a rather important one; where we would be going to school in the fall.

"So," I started after a few minutes of hiking. "Where are you on your decision? Still between State and Tech?

"Yeah" Abby said. "I can't make up my mind. There's pros and cons to both, but its too close to call. What about you? Still stuck between State and Southern?"

"Yeah that's right. And I am still stuck." I replied.

"I don't know what we're gonna do." Abby said to me.

I let the silence of the nature around us linger for a while before asking.

"Have you ever thought of us going to State together?"

"Of course I have, have you?" Abby replied.

"I'd be lying if I said I hadn't." I said back to her.

It was out there now. Would it be so bad if we went to the same school? Would it jeopardize our relationship? Or would it be the best way for us to grow together?

"Its obviously an enticing thought. But we have to be rational. We both need to ultimately do what's best for ourselves. I mean, this is college we're talking about, not where we're going to eat dinner. This is a big deal." Abby said.

It hurt a little bit to hear that one, but she was right. We have to think bigger picture about this.

"Yeah, you're right." I replied. "Still doesn't make it any easier."

"I know." She said back.

I let some more silence linger, as we walked hand in hand up the mountain. It was a gorgeous day, with no one else around. Just me, Abby, and trees as far as we could see.

"So, if we went to different schools. Would you want to stay together?" I asked her.

"I like you a lot Alex. I don't want to lose this. So yes, I would want to stay together. Would you?"

That helped a little to hear that. "Oh good! Yes I would too. This is amazing, you're amazing, I can't imagine being with anyone else right now."

"Ok good!: She said with a laugh. We both shared an awkward laughter of relief, establishing that we do want to see where our relationship goes.

I was about to continue this conversation, but Abby started walking weirdly, which could only mean one , very amazing thing.

"Have to pee?" I asked her.

"Yeah I do, I think I had too much water on the drive up here." She replied.

"Well we haven't come across anyone, I'm sure you can go behind a tree over there if you're struggling." I said to her.

She laughed, then said "Why would I do that??"

She looked at me with that beautiful cheshire grin of hers, then stepped in front of me and turned to face me. She shimmied out of her athletic shorts, leaving her in just her top, bra, and colorful cotton panties in broad daylight. She looked absolutely stunning. This was a rather forward moment for us as well. Yes she's peed herself in front of me a number of times now, but she hasn't ever removed any clothing in front of me. I grew visibly hard in my loose shorts just at the mere sight of her.

"Abby what're you--" I started, before she cut me off.

"Shh baby. Let's enjoy this together." She said back to me.

She was blushing hardcore like she does every time she's turned on or about to pee herself, both of which usually occur at the same time. She spread her legs apart so her beautiful panty-clad crotch had plenty of room to breath. But it wasn't long before the bright pink, yellow and white front of her panties turned a much darker shade. She began peeing after only a few seconds. She closed her eyes, threw her head back and let out a long moan, very clearly enjoying the sensation of fully letting go of her inhibitions in front of me. She peed full force into her panties for about ten seconds, right in the middle of the trail. The wet spot fully engulfed her crotch, went halfway up the front of her panties, and I assumed halfway up the back as well. With her legs apart, only a few streaks made it down her legs, with most of her pee largely pooling on the ground between us. Once she finished up, I was at full attention in my pants, and I had no way to hide it.

"UUUUUUUUUUUhhhhhhhhhhh that was absolutely amazing." Abby said to me once she was finished. She opened her eyes and was looking right at me.

"I'll say, holy shit Abby! That was hot as hell!"

"Oh I'm aware!" She said with a wink, before gesturing to my pants with a look of pure elation."

"Oh gees!" I said to her, trying to cover myself a little. But before I was able to, she stepped right up to me.

"No, don't. I love that you love it too, and it's just your physical way of showing it." She said.

"You don't mind?" I asked her.

"No! Gees Alex I'm probably more turned on than you are, so you don't need to worry!" She said back.

I smiled at her really big, and said to her, "Oh is that so?"

As I said that I wrapped my arms around her, pulling her right up to me.

"Oh yeah, it's not even close!" She said with a laugh.

Before I either of us could say anything else, I pulled her all the way in for a very passionate kiss. I pulled her all the way into me, with our chests touching, both arms fully wrapped each other's backs, and most importantly, her soaking wet crotch grinding right against my very hard penis. We kissed for a very long time, moving our hands all around one another, to our backs, necks, and face. I wanted so badly to go all the way down to her ass and feel how soaked it was, but I wasn't sure if we were there just yet. I know we were essentially dry humping each other out in the open, but that was still a step neither of us had taken yet.

Speaking of which, while I couldn't feel her down there with my hands, I certainly did with my crotch. She was so amazingly wet, I was in heaven. I could feel her right up against my penis, getting both my athletic shorts and even my own underwear a little wet. We kissed, moaned, and grinded each other for what seemed like forever, and I never wanted it to end. However, we were both startled apart by a loud snapping branch. We both instantly pushed away from one another, each of us looking around frantically. Once we realized it was just a branch and not a person, we both broke down in laughter.

"Haha how'd that just happen!!" I asked Abby.

"I'm not sure!! It kinda just did!" She replied.

"You are so freakin hot Abby, good lord..." I said, catching my breath.

"I know!" She said with a wink She Picked her shorts back up and started to put them back on. "You're pretty freakin hot yourself you know!"

"Oh stop it." I said to her in mock shyness. "But for real... all I can say is wow!"

"Yeah that was pretty amazing Alex." She said to me, both of us now standing eye to eye holding hands. We had one more kiss, before setting off to the top of the mountain, which was only about ten minutes away.

Once we got to the top, we were greeted with a stunning view of the town below us, with views that went on for miles. There was an overlook, but we chose a more secluded rock outcropping that was maybe 30 yards away that seemed a popular spot for young kids like us. We sat down on the rock, with our legs hanging off the cliffside. We sat in silence, just taking it all in for a few minutes, before I told her what I had wanted to for over a month now.

"I love you, Abby."

There it was. I had known it for some time now, but if we were going to decide to go to different colleges, I knew that now was the time to let her know how I truly felt about her.

She turned her head to me in an instant, with her mouth agape, bringing both her hands up to her face. But before I could get worried, her expression turned into a smile behind her hands.

"Oh Alex, I Love you too!" She said back to me.

We embraced on that mountain top, relishing in the barrier we just crossed in our relationship. And it felt amazing.

We broke off our hug, and touched foreheads, laughing and kissing.

"Haha I do, I love you!" She said to me in between the laughs.

"Yes I'm so glad, I love you too!" I said back to her.

We went in for more kisses, and I kept stealing glances at her still wet crotch that was keeping me hard the entire time.

I broke it off and said to her, "You're my dream girl Abby, and I love you. Let's go to State together, Yeah?"

"Yeah??" She said, getting very excited.

"Yeah!!"

"YEAH!!!"

We both got more and more excited and cheered as we came to the conclusion that we wanted to spend that much more time together. WE both knew only time would tell if we were able to stick it out, but this was a big moment for us. We knew we wanted to enter the next phase of our lives together, and it felt like the right one.

We sat on that mountain top for the next 20 minutes, talking about each other, about love, about college. It was wonderful. But after a while, we decided to get up and head back down the mountain. Once we got near the bottom, I was greeted with one more surprise.

Abby stopped and said, "Alex?"

"Yeah babe?" I said, turning to her.

Once I turned, Abby gave me a quick kiss.

"I love you."

As she said this, she took a step back, and she leaned forward and spread her legs again. I knew what was about to happen, but I was too stunned to speak. She audibly moaned again, and began grunting. She turned 90 degrees, then crouched down and bore down on the poop she was about to push into her wet panties. She grunted some more, before I saw her panties and shorts begin to tent out. She kept grunting and pushing until the tent fell downward, dropping the gusset of her panties. Her big log broke off and settled in her panties, looking like the size of a bratwurst. She exhaled and turned back to me.

"I love you, so much."

I was still too stunned to speak, so all I could think to do was to kiss her, which I promptly did. After about 30 seconds I broke it off, and said, "I love you too, very much."

She looked up at me with an adorable smile, one kind of like a toddler who knew they did something they weren't supposed to. She bit her lip, and then said to me.

"You can feel it if you want."

"I can?" I asked incredulously.

"Yeah." She whispered back to me. As she whispered, she grabbed my hand and brought it to her butt. She placed it right on top of the mound in her panties. It was big and warm, and it felt utterly incredible. She closed her eyes as she slowly moved her hand on top of mine. I barely moved my hand, for fear of making a mess of her behind, but I did lightly squeeze the turd, feeling it up against her. It was unlike anything I had experienced before, and I never wanted it to end.

Abby gave me a kiss on the nose, before backing away. She giggled as she went behind a nearby tree. At first I didn't know what she was doing, but she then squatted all the way down, lowering her pants in the process. With her pants and panties around her ankles. she turned her panties upside down, dropping her solid turd on the ground beneath her. She pulled her pants back up and walked back over to me with a smile.

"If anyone see's it they'll just thing it was a deer or something!"

"Haha good point! But isn't your butt dirty?" I asked her.

"Nah" she replied. "The turd was solid, and my panties already wiped up any poop on my cheeks."

I couldn't argue with that logic an gave her a laugh.

"I'm so glad we get to keep doing this, keep being together!" I said to her.

"College is gonna be crazy!" She said back to me.

"Do you think we'll still get to do things like this? Will you still wet and poop yourself?" I asked.

She replied excitedly, "Are you kidding?? Being away form home means I'm going to do it all the time!"\

Om that note she sprinted ahead of me, shouting "Race you to the car!"

"Oh you're on!" I yelled back to her. I couldn't wait to see what my dream girl had for me next.

