Cassie and Lola

Author: Noot

*000*2021-10-13 22:03

This one is a commission based off an idea by @ed2

- it features some alcohol and drug content so be warned!

###

There was still dew on the grass when Cassie pulled up her handbrake outside Hawthorne Court on Saturday morning. She left the car overhanging a double yellow; there were no parking rules today. The city had relaxed all restrictions in anticipation of almost ten thousand teenagers moving in, to save parents the hassle of looking for somewhere to leave their vehicles while they lugged luggage into the cramped budget rooms that students would be spending the next ten months in. Cassie had not come with her parents, and there was no traffic when she arrived just past seven. She liked to do things early.

In the chilly air she grabbed the first backpack from her passenger seat, pausing only to check her reflection in the wing mirror. While not usually one to worry about her appearance, Cassie was suddenly nervous to meet her roommate- she wanted to make a good first impression, if she could. In truth, Cassie hadn't wanted a roommate. She hadn't been left with much choice. Her budget was not exactly flexible.

But she was stuck with one, and it wouldn't do to turn up looking like a straggler on the first day. Brushing blonde hair out of brown eyes, Cassie dabbed one finger with her tongue and used the moisture to rub the dry skin under her nose into some kind of shape. It looked better once she'd got some spit on it, albeit still noticeable up close. One thing that wasn't so obvious was the puppy fat that still protruded over her waistband just a little. Cassie had gotten used to wearing baggy clothes to hide her figure, which came in doubly useful when she wanted to disguise the flat chest she'd never been happy with.

Cassie left her little car where it was and approached the building, one hand clutching the electronic key fob she'd picked up twenty minutes before from a building that served almost all of the city's student halls. She was looking forward to testing out the toilet in her new dorm, if mainly because she'd been in the car for three hours and now she really needed to use it. Luckily, her room was only on the first floor, and it took no more than twenty seconds to get from the entrance of the building to the door of the place she'd be living in that year.

The building was just as she'd expected- cheap and not particularly clean- but it would do. While Cassie was used to more lavish surroundings, her family had fallen on hard times since her childhood and this was the one of the few accommodations in the city they could afford, as long as the student loan company recognised them as still being rich. She was determined to make the best of it. Reaching the door to room 12, Cassie felt like a ghost in the building. Almost everyone was moving in today, but so early in the morning none of them were around yet.

She opened the door and was met with one of the biggest shocks of her life. Cassie had already seen the floor plan of the rooms when she'd booked to move in, so she'd already known how small it would be. She'd already known that there was one single bed against either wall, facing a tiny TV, a pair of desks and two small clothes closets. She'd already known that the shared en-suite bathroom was situated directly opposite the entrance. But the last thing she'd have expected was to see the bathroom door wide open, and a young woman sitting on the toilet.

Cassie's first instinct was to back away, but she turned just as the door shut behind her and locked automatically. As she was trying to open it again, sure to leave no doubt that she wasn't looking at the girl, a soft voice called out to her.

"Hey, where are you going?"

Cassie stopped. The voice had an accent, but one she couldn't place. It sounded vaguely South American to her, or maybe Spanish. What really threw her off was the confusion in the voice. It was like the woman couldn't understand why Cassie would try to leave after catching her on the toilet.

"I'll- I'll wait outside," Cassie stammered, starting to pull the front door open.

"Oh, I would not do that if I were you," the voice said- it sounded like she was smiling. "I'm going to be here for a long time".

Not seeing any other option, Cassie slowly turned back around and looked at the sitting girl. She certainly looked like she could be from South America, with hair the colour of chocolate and big eyes to match. Cassie thought she had a pretty face- no supermodel, in her opinion, but certainly pretty.

Sitting on the toilet in profile, Cassie could only see the girl's left side, but that was enough to get a good idea that they were roughly of an age with each other. She wore jeans pulled down all the way to her ankles, just a hint of pink underwear visible tucked inside the denim. On her top half was one of the tightest tee-shirts Cassie had ever seen, and they left little to the imagination when it came to a pair of d-cup breasts, or a perfectly flat belly. It was cut off high, revealing two purple stretch marks.

"I didn't expect to see anyone so early! You must be a morning person," the girl said. As she spoke, Cassie couldn't miss the clear tinkle of pee hitting the water in the bowl. It was only a short spurt, no more than a second. Cassie got the impression that the woman had finished peeing a while ago, and this was just an aftershock as she attempted to push out something much bigger. The smell in the room certainly backed that up- a scent of stale farts, beyond a doubt. Again Cassie found herself wondering if she should wait outside.

"Do you... want me to close the bathroom door?" Cassie asked, timidly starting towards where the woman was seated.

"No, leave it open. There are no windows in here, it needs the air". The girl fanned the air around her with one hand as if to demonstrate. Cassie could only imagine how bad it must have smelt up close. "My name is Lola," she said.

"I'm Cassie," said Cassie. "You must be my new roommate?"

A fart sputtered out of Lola, echoing in the bowl. "I moved in last night. I didn't think you'd be here until later".

"I'm guessing that explains the open door?"

Lola gave her a puzzled look. "No,' she said, "I just didn't close it".

"Oh, okay". Cassie wasn't sure how to take that.

She was about to excuse herself and go to grab more bags from her car when Lola said, "So, what are you studying?"

"Anthropology, and you?"

"I do Ancient History," Lola told her with a slight grunt in her voice. Cassie was more than a little confused by the scene she'd walked into. She'd never seen another person on the toilet before. Her family were private people, and she'd been taught from a very early age that this wasn't something that should ever be shared, not with anyone. She couldn't understand why her new roommate was casually going with the door open as if there was no shame at all in what she was doing.

Still, she was determined not to appear rude or overdramatic, so she didn't say the things she was thinking. She didn't ask Lola what the hell was wrong with her, for example. Who leaves the door open when they go to the toilet, especially for a number two? It didn't make any sense to her at all.

"I hope I'm not making you uncomfortable," Lola said, acknowledging the unusual situation for the first time, "I would have preferred to meet you first".

You and me both. "It's okay. I was just a bit surprised, that's all".

"I always have to poop in the mornings," explained Cassie's new roommate, "it usually takes me a while. I think I'm nearly done here, though".

"That's... good?"

Lola smiled at her with perfect teeth. "Ay, you don't need to be so shy. We're roommates now, there's no point being modest".

Cassie had already thought that through, though in truth she didn't much like thinking about it. Yes, it was true that it wouldn't be practical to worry about privacy when sharing a room. She couldn't get changed in the bathroom every single day. Still, she'd figured it would be easy enough to put on and off her bras and pairs of knickers under the sheets, then slip out of bed for the rest. This was a completely different matter.

And Cassie had another reason to want Lola off the toilet as soon as possible: her need to pee was getting much worse. If she didn't sit down and go soon, things were likely to get very uncomfortable for her. But there was no way she was going to admit that out loud, especially not to someone she barely knew. Hell, she hated talking about her bodily functions even to her closest friends and family.

Clearly Lola had no such inhibitions. She was grunting openly now, straining hard to finish the job. The girl's brown eyes scrunched shut tightly when she pushed. It might have been endearing in another context, but not when Cassie could see the rest of Lola's body- including one thigh and some of her bum.

Cassie was about to say something when a loud splash rang out through the room. Across Lola's pretty face spread a look of exquisite relief, as if she'd just pushed a bowling ball out of her. She grinned at Cassie as the smell in the room intensified by half. It was so powerful that Cassie felt as though she was in the room with Lola. "That feels so much better already," she sighed, relaxing her tensed muscles, "I needed to go last night but I thought is better to wait". Another trickle of urine pattered into the water like rain.

Lola reached uncomfortably behind herself to lift a near-full roll of toilet paper off of the tank. She carefully tore off two squares and folded them to form one thick piece. That's strange, Cassie thought, we're clearly nothing alike and yet we wipe in the same way. What a weird thing to notice. She banished the rogue thought from her mind; suddenly she was very aware that she hadn't said anything in a long time.

When Lola wiped her butt for a first time and brought the soiled paper out to inspect, Cassie finally decided it was her cue to leave. "I'm- going to go and get some more of my things, from my car. I'll be back in a minute".

Lola dropped the paper between her thick thighs, apparently satisfied, and tore another two squares off. "Okay! It was nice meeting you, Cassie!"

With her own bladder still uncomfortably full, Cassie slipped out of the room, careful not to open the door too wide in case a passer-by got an unwanted glimpse of her roommate doing something gross. Her head was swimming on the way back down the stairs. Did she really just meet her new roommate in such a bizarre situation? She certainly had no intention of coming straight back up with a bag. She wanted to wait a moment to give Lola time to finish up, so that the next time they saw each other both would be fully clothed and maybe- just maybe- they could forget the whole bloody thing.

She wouldn't wait too long, though. She really needed a wee.

###

In spite of the unorthodox start to their relationship, Cassie's first week living with Lola passed by in a flash. That was mainly because they were both so busy- between induction classes, campus tours and Lola going out partying almost every night, they hadn't seen much of each other. Cassie enjoyed the evenings, when she'd be alone in the room. She could sit on her bed and put whatever she wanted on TV, or listen to music, or get some studying done. They'd met on Saturday, and by the next Friday afternoon, Cassie still felt like she barely knew Lola.

Lola's attitude to bathroom priv4acy hadn't changed one bit, so far as Cassie could tell. When the girl had to pee, she would do it, without closing the door or worrying where Cassie was. Apparently Lola hadn't even considered the possibility that Cassie might think it was weird. She didn't hesitate, either, when she needed to go number two- which happened at least once a day, as reliable as the sun coming up. And if Lola had had a lot to drink the night before (which had been almost every night) she would need to empty her bowels in the mornings, too. It was always loud, it always smelt and it always took a couple of flushes.

She was a sharer, too, always telling Cassie when she had to go or how much better she felt after she'd finished. Cassie still felt too shy to say anything back, so she tended to change the subject instead. For her part, she always closed the door when she used the bathroom, and she didn't see that changing any time soon. Just because she was getting used to Lola being open with her body didn't mean Cassie was getting comfortable with it.

Cassie herself hadn't pooped all week. She knew it wasn't healthy. She'd never gone anywhere near this long without doing one before, and since Tuesday the need had made itself known plenty. But she was still dreading the idea of going with Lola around. The logical part of her brain knew that she'd need to face her fear at some point, and yet she'd put it off. That wasn't personal; Cassie had never felt comfortable pooping with anyone else in earshot. She was far too self-conscious about the noises, the smells... and she knew from experience how thin these walls were. Not to mention that the bathroom door didn't lock. You could close it, but there was no bolt to be slid across.

All of that meant that Cassie was thoroughly desperate to take a crap as she walked home from her last class of the week just after lunch on Friday. She walked with her legs close together, belly cramping and rumbling alternately. Every now and then she'd be forced to let out some gas as she walked, which made her face turn pink and her trousers start to smell. She didn't know the city well enough to know where any public toilets were, either.

She'd held out as long as she could, but Cassie knew that she had no choice now: she'd have to poop in the dorm. It was getting far too painful to keep holding, and besides, there was no end in sight. The moment where her body made the decision for her had arrived. So Cassie walked up the single set of stairs to her bedroom, praying that Lola wouldn't be in. Fortunately, she opened the door to complete airy silence, which was only broken when she farted involuntarily. She needed to go right now.

Their shared bathroom was absolutely miniscule. There really was no better word for it. The whole thing was barely bigger than a broom cupboard, with the toilet squished between a sink and a shower. Shower was a generous word for it, too, as the water was really just sprayed onto the bare floor, where it flowed down a drain in front of the loo. There wasn't even a curtain to stop the toilet seat getting wet. Cassie had been dreading using this bathroom since she saw how small it would be, and the reality hadn't proved her wrong so far.

But when you've got to go, you've got to go, Cassie reflected. And she could no longer postpone the moment when she used this bathroom for the thing it was really built for. So she stepped inside, closed the door and unbuttoned her jeans. Her bare knees almost touched the wooden door when she sat down. The seat was cold against her bum cheeks. But that didn't stop her from starting to pee right away, having not even realised that she needed to, such was her focus on the other end. In the quiet room, the noise was almost pleasant.

When her bladder was empty, Cassie started on the part her body had been looking forward to for the better part of a week. She pushed gently at first, all too aware of the cuts and tears that she sometimes got when she strained too hard. The last thing she wanted was to overexert herself. Fortunately, she had to go so badly that it didn't take a lot of pushing for the mass to start sliding out of her.

Right away she knew that she was paying for her postponements. The log felt enormous, thick as well as long. It felt, in short, like something only a person who hadn't been in days could produce.

The dorm door opened and Cassie froze up right away. Her turd was hanging halfway out of her bum, dangling there like a monstrously wide tail. The feeling was stranger than anything she'd experienced in a long time- Cassie had never tried to pause mid-poop before. She hadn't counted on Lola getting back this early. Instinctively, she reached over for the door handle, hoping to hold it closed as a last resort, but before she could grab a hold the whole thing swung wide open.

Lola stood on the other side. She was clearly busting for a pee. The tall girl's legs were bent to a nearly acute angle, and one hand was shoved hard between her thighs, holding her crotch tightly. Her whole body seemed to be squirming, totally unable to stand still. Dangling in front of her eyes was a messy tangle of hair, which she brushed away hurriedly with the free hand. The shirt Lola wore was so thin that Cassie could see her nipples through the fabric.

"Hi, Cassie," she said breathlessly, squeezing past a speechless Cassie's legs into the bathroom. Before Cassie could say a word, she unbuttoned her jeans, tearing them down to her ankles again, and her underwear along with them. It all happened so fast that there was no time to protest before Lola was squatting over the shower area and pissing full force onto the floor. Still in shock, Cassie got far more of a look than she bargained for: she saw Lola's pussy for the first time, naked and remarkably hairy. It surprised her that the Spanish girl apparently didn't bother to shave, given how good she usually looked. That's not bloody important right now.

Lola moaned in relief and all the while Cassie was doing her best to stop herself from getting any of her own. She'd been so close to pushing out one of the biggest dumps of her life, but that had all gone out of the window as soon as Lola arrived. There was no way Cassie felt comfortable shitting with another person next to her. Instead she tried her best to hold it in, clenching tightly. The heavy log wanted out, so it took a lot of willpower not to just let it fall into the water. She couldn't risk Lola hearing the splash- especially because it was going to be a big splash, she was sure.

When Lola was finished peeing, she shook her butt back and forth to get rid of some of the excess fluids. "Can you give me the toilet paper? I need to wipe".

Cassie reluctantly handed her the roll. "You can't just come in here while I'm... doing my business," she said, cheeks burning. She'd finally found her voice. It was hard to sound angry while a poop hung out of her bum. "God, don't you have any boundaries? This is a bathroom, Lola".

As ever, Lola seemed unfazed. "What's the big deal? We're roommates, no?"

"Yes, but I still want some privacy when I'm in here". Her voice betrayed the urgency she was feeling. The need to finish pooping was overwhelming by now, and despite her best efforts Cassie couldn't hold it in much longer. Her entire body was screaming at her just to let it out. She was growing more and more angry now, provoked by desperation. "Fuck, can you get out, please?"

"Wait a minute," Lola said, "I'm almost done".

"No! Get out now!" Cassie was almost yelling now. She could feel herself losing control. There was nothing she could do.

Lola's face was full of hurt. She stood and moved towards the door. "Okay, I'm sorry".

But it was too late. Cassie's body took over. The thick log got moving again and rushed out of her, spurred on by the pain in her stomach. It hit the water with a splash so loud that the people in the room next door probably heard it. If Cassie wasn't embarrassed enough, the poop was followed by a huge fart that seemed to go on for five seconds. Her face went even redder.

"That sounded big, Lola said over her shoulder, "are you okay?"

Now that the poop was out of her, Cassie felt bad for her outburst. "Yeah," she said meekly. "Sorry I shouted. I just really..." she was about to say had to go, but that was more information than she felt comfortable giving. "I really didn't feel well".

When Lola left the bathroom, she closed the door behind her for the first time since they'd moved in. That surprised Cassie... and made her feel a little bad. Clearly her harsh words had cut through and made her point. "It's okay," Lola said quickly, "don't even worry about it".

Cassie leaned over and opened the door just a crack. "I'm sorry. I like you, Lola, I just... I'm not really comfortable with... some things".

"It's okay," Lola said again. "I grew up with three sisters. There was no privacy in my house. I just got used to it. I'll be more considerate from now on," she promised.

That felt like a huge weight off of Cassie's shoulders. "Thank you".

"Just so you know, I'm getting changed out here. I... never mind".

Cassie wondered if Lola was going to say that she hadn't quite made it in time, that she'd leaked a little, and maybe that was why she was changing. Not that it was any of Cassie's business.

"That's okay. I'll be a few minutes".

Cassie felt a lot better as she wiped her butt, both physically and mentally. If Lola was going to stop being so unashamed of private matters, it would make her life a lot less stressful. And maybe she could even start pooping in the room without worrying about having company. In a way she almost respected Lola's confidence, but she didn't see a world where that same confidence could ever exist in Cassie.

She finished wiping, stood up and did something that she almost never did: looked at her handiwork in the bowl. The log was bigger than she even realised she was capable of producing. It was almost a foot long, and wide, too, poking half out of the water. Cassie tried to flush. The log was sucked into the water a little, but it didn't budge.

She groaned internally. If she couldn't get this thing to flush, she'd have to explain to Lola that she'd blocked the toilet.

###

Cassie was woken up by a throbbing bladder. She sucked in air sharply, panicking; it had been years since she'd woken up needing to pee this badly. Something wasn't right... then she remembered the night before. She'd gone out with Lola, and her new friend had persuaded her to have just a couple of drinks. Cassie, not being much of a drinker in general, had ordered two fruity cocktails, come back to the dorm and promptly fallen asleep. And they'd been big cocktails, too. No wonder she felt like she was trying to hold a lake inside of her body.

All at once she realised that she must have been holding it in her sleep, because she woke up with her left hand buried beneath two clenched thighs. Her eyes adjusted to the light and she took in the room. The curtains had been opened at some point, and the TV was on, playing the news at low volume. It was still a little messy in here, but Lola wasn't in bed. Through the bathroom door she could hear the shower running. Lola always showered in the mornings- usually after she'd been for a poo- which was just Cassie's luck.

Part of Cassie wanted to get out of bed and pee while Lola showered. But Lola had stuck to her word in the days since their awkward meeting while Cassie was pooping, and it would be hypocritical of her to suddenly go and do the very same thing she'd asked her roommate not to do just because she was the one who was desperate this time. The pretty girl had closed the door every time she'd been in the bathroom, and had even stopped changing when Cassie was in the room. She clearly took Cassie's discomfort seriously, and they'd started feeling like friends because of it.

That meant Cassie was determined to try and hold it in until Lola was out of the shower. She turned on her side and held herself under the duvet, squeezing her fleshy crotch hard. Each finger dug into her mound, easing the pressure just a little. Her belly rubbed against the back of her hand, clad in a loose-fitting tee shirt. At home Cassie slept naked, but pyjamas weren't so bad, she'd found. She lay there, knocking her knees together and trying to think of anything other than how badly she had to piss.

It was no good. She knew that Lola took long showers. Feeling herself on the verge of an accident, Cassie hauled herself out of bed, which was easier said than done with a hand clutching her privates. She got shakily to her feet and limped to the bathroom. By now she was more desperate for the toilet than she could remember being since she was a kid. It was bad enough that even walking wasn't easy. Approaching the sound of running water only made things worse, too. Fuck, I have to piss so bad.

Even in Cassie's mind, she didn't use words like 'piss' unless she was really busting. It took some serious desperation to drive her to such a vulgar term. Some of her friends said it like it was nothing, but not Cassie.

She knocked on the door, running out of time. "Lola?" she called. It was hard not to feel like a bitch, practically begging to be allowed to do something she'd forbidden.

"Yes?"

"Um... I really need a wee," Cassie said, "I'm sorry to ask this, but-"

Lola cut her off before she could finish talking. "Yes, come in! Silly girl. You don't have to ask".

"Oh, thank you!" Cassie sighed, pulling the door open. She made a point not to look at Lola's soapy, wet, naked figure in the shower. It was strictly a task borne of necessity, so as she pulled her pyjama shorts down and took a seat, she made sure it was clear that her eyes were averted. The toilet seat, she realised, was damp and warm. That happened after one of them took a shower- there was no real way for the girl under the tap to stop the water from simply splashing off of her body and onto the seat. Right now Cassie was far too in need to care.

A powerful stream was hissing out of her pussy and into the bowl in no time, audible even over the sounds of the shower. Cassie could see a wet patch in the crotch of her shorts around her shins. Maybe it was splash back from the shower... but Carrie suspected otherwise. She could easily have leaked without noticing. She could deal with that later- for now she leant her elbows on her thighs, closed her eyes and enjoyed the sheer relief of emptying her bladder in the nick of time.

"Wow, you must have really needed to go!" Lola laughed, washing her armpits with a soaped-up sponge. Then her voice changed. "Ay, I'm sorry, Cassie... I shouldn't have said anything. I know you don't like me talking about these things".

In truth, Cassie hadn't even paid any attention to the comment. The relief had left her in such a good mood that she'd forgotten to feel embarrassed about what she was doing. "Don't be sorry," she said, "I shouldn't have walked in on you like this".

"You know I don't mind," Lola said. "I just want you to be comfortable".

The longest pee of Cassie's life came to an end after more than a minute. She'd just woken up, but already her body felt exhausted from the ordeal. She managed to wipe herself dry without any incident, checking each piece of paper before she dropped it into the toilet. When it was only a wee, she didn't usually bother- except she was expecting her period soon and wanted to check for blood. Cassie had long since gotten used to inspecting the toilet paper whenever she pooped, and in these few days every month. It made her life a lot easier.

She caught sight of Lola's body in the bathroom mirror. Cassie only looked for a second before tearing her gaze away, but accidental or not, it was the first time she'd seen Lola naked. She had uneven breasts and those stretch marks on her belly, but she was still far more of a physical specimen than Cassie would ever be, as far as she was concerned. It wasn't like Lola would mind Cassie looking, but still she felt guilty. She looked away and hurried out of the room to let Lola finish up in the shower. Cassie felt a tonne lighter.

Cassie had a lot to think about while she picked out some clothes ready for the Friday ahead of her. She'd been so adamant that she and Lola keep their bodies to themselves, but maybe Lola had the right idea after all. If they were going to share a bathroom, moments like this morning were inevitable. And perhaps it was better that, when those moments came, the two girls were a little more comfortable with each other than Cassie's normal friendships. For one thing, she was sure that she'd have wet her pants if Lola hadn't let her in today.

A few minutes later, Lola emerged from the bathroom with an immaculately white fluffy towel wrapped tightly around her from the armpits down. She made the small step into the main bedroom and gave Cassie a warm smile. A week ago Lola would have made some sort of comment about the situation, but now she kept quiet, acting as if nothing unusual was going on.

As much as Cassie appreciated how considerate Lola had been for the last week, and was starting to really see her as a good friend, she felt like she had been in the wrong when she asked for things to be so formal between them. She decided to clear the air while Lola was picking some clothes to take to the bathroom.

"Hey, listen," she began, "I'm sorry I made things so awkward lately. I think you were right. We should be able to share the bathroom, you know... in case of emergencies".

Lola smiled. "Cassie, it's okay. I'm getting used to it now, don't worry".

"No- I mean it," Cassie said honestly, "I think your way is better. Like you said, it's not a big deal. We should go back to how you used to do things. With your sisters, like you said".

At this Lola broke into a grin. "Really? You mean it?"

"Yeah," Cassie was unable to resist smiling back, "if that's okay with you".

"Of course!" Lola said, "but... let me know if you change your mind, okay?"

"I will".

Lola picked up the bundle of clothes she'd selected from her closet and started carrying them towards the bathroom. Cassie had another thought. "Oh, and you don't need to keep getting changed in the bathroom. I, uh, kind of saw everything there was to see when you were in the shower back there".

With a laugh, Lola dumped the clothes back on the bed. "You're sure?"

"Yeah, of course. Except..." Cassie was growing bolder now. "Only if I can, too. I don't want to keep changing in the bathroom either. It's really cramped in there".

Lola smiled. "That's fine with me". She dropped her towel, inhibitions gone again, and exposed her naked body. Cassie found she didn't mind this time. Lola started pulling her clothes on, picking up the towel again every now and then to dry off her armpits, butt crack and the gaps between her thighs and her pussy.

Cassie picked up a towel of her own and headed into the bathroom for her own morning shower. As she scrubbed herself clean, it felt like she'd made major progress in her friendship with her new roommate. She still wasn't totally comfortable using the bathroom in front of Lola- but she'd done it today, and it hadn't been too bad. With a little more time, Cassie was starting to think she might be able to leave her shyness behind for good.

###

Cassie got back from the first day of the new week desperate to take a dump. She'd been holding it in most of the day, preferring to wait until she got home rather than go in one of the university's busy public bathrooms, and for the last few minutes of the walk back she'd started to seriously doubt whether she could even make it back in time. But made it she had, and she found the dorm door left on the latch too. It wasn't unusual for Lola to leave it like that- and on days like this, when she had to go badly, Cassie was grateful for things like that that could save her a few seconds.

She slipped into the room and heard right away that her roommate was in the shower. This wasn't a problem anymore; since her desperate pee last week it had become commonplace for one of the pair to use the loo while the other showered, especially in the mornings. So she walked carefully to the bathroom door, relaxing in the knowledge that she wasn't going to mess herself. It had been a seriously close call. Next time she wouldn't go for the spicy option in the cafeteria.

When Cassie opened the bathroom door, though, she was completely unprepared for what she saw. Lola was in the shower, but she was facing away from Cassie, leaning on the back wall with her right hand. Her left hand was doing something very different. Lola's body was stooped over, back and knees bent, as if the only thing keeping her upright was those fingers on the slippery tiled wall.

Lola was masturbating, Cassie realised with a start. She was touching herself down there and, by the looks of it, she was going both hard and fast. Soaked hair hung over Lola's lowered head. Her arm was a blur beneath the flowing water, the side of her right boob clear as day to Cassie, with a nipple erect enough to cut steel protruding out of the tip. And she was moaning. Moaning, in a voice that made it very plain that whatever she was doing between her legs felt very good indeed.

Without a word, Cassie retreated, suppressing a shocked smile. The last thing she'd expected was to walk in on her hot Spanish roommate having a wank, but she wasn't in a position to judge. Cassie herself had found it hard, too, suddenly living with another woman. In her room at home (though she'd never admit it) Cassie would bring herself off a few times a week. It was the perfect way to relieve tension and get some time to herself. Since moving in with Lola, that had stopped, and Cassie was starting to miss it badly. Apparently Lola was missing her self-pleasure too.

Cassie resolved not to bring it up to Lola. She didn't want to humiliate her friend. Instead, she sat on the bed, sure that she could hold in her poop for a while longer- at least until Lola was finished.

###

The next afternoon- Tuesday- was a free one for Cassie, so she spent it lounging on her bed in the dorm, surfing the internet on her phone. Some of the kids in her Anthropology class had gone out for drinks that day after lunch, to celebrate the free time. Cassie had politely declined her invitation and then spent most of the day wondering if she should regret saying no. The thought of getting drunk still made her nervous, but she wanted to make more friends. She was still pondering the question when Lola walked through the door with flushed cheeks.

From where Cassie was sitting, nothing looked amiss about her roommate's appearance. Then Lola turned to drop her keys by the door, revealing a huge bulge in the seat of her jeans. Lola always wore tight-fitting trousers that hugged the curve of her bum perfectly, so Cassie noticed the lump right away. It stuck out like a sore thumb on a body where the only other protrusions were the tits (one big, the other slightly bigger). At first Cassie couldn't believe it, but there was no doubting what she was looking at: Lola had done a poo in her pants.

"Uh- Lola-" she stammered, taken by surprise by the sudden turn of events.

"Yes, I had a little accident," Lola confessed, talking as if it was the most normal thing in the world. "I needed to go number two in class, but the lines were too long. So I tried to make it home. I couldn't get here in time". Her voice sounded totally unfazed, like she wasn't at all bothered by what had happened. Judging by the size of the bulge, it was a real Lola-sized poop, too- and Cassie knew from experience exactly how massive those could be.

"Aw, I'm sorry," Cassie said, trying to sound sympathetic, "do you feel okay?"

Lola shrugged. "Yeah, I'm fine," she said. She went to her bed and drew her phone out of her pocket. "I wanted to call an Uber to get me home quickly, but my estúpido phone died in class". Lola sat down on the bed, then lay down on her side, grabbing the phone charger to plug in. She set up her body in a position where her messy pants weren't touching the bed, but still looked more than comfortable there as her phone faded back into life.

Cassie had been surprised to see her hot roommate walk in the room with a turd in her pants, but now... now she could barely believe what she was witnessing. "Aren't you gonna get changed?" Cassie asked, incredulous.

"In a minute," Lola said patiently. "I need to check my messages".

"Lola," Cassie said slowly, trying to spell it out, "you've pooped your pants. Shouldn't you get out of them?"

"Why?" Lola put on that expression of bemusement again. "I've already had the accident. It's done. There's no point rushing around to clean up when the damage has already been done".

Though her argument almost made sense, in a way, Cassie was still lost for words as she watched her roommate casually checking her phone with a bulge the size of a small hill in the seat of her jeans. "Aren't you upset or anything? I mean, you just shit yourself. You're nineteen and you shit yourself. Isn't that kind of a big deal?"

"Big deal?" Lola shook her head. "Why? It's just an accident. I have them sometimes. Well, maybe more than sometimes. But every woman has those days where she just doesn't quite make it, every now and then".

Cassie genuinely didn't know what Lola was alluring to. "I don't".

That made Lola look up from her phone. "You don't?"

"Nope".

"Never?"

"Never".

Dropping her charging phone back on the bed, Lola looked right into Cassie's eyes distrustfully. "I don't believe you," she said, "you've never had an accident?"

"No," Cassie said honestly. She didn't see what was wrong with that- surely most women of her age had never had one. At least not since they became a woman, whether that was aged thirteen, sixteen or eighteen. It just wasn't a common thing, for a lady to soil herself.

"Really?" Cassie could tell that Lola didn't believe her. "Not even a little one?"

"Not even a little one," she thought. Only a leak or two, at best, in truth. But they didn't count, surely?

"That's impressive," said Lola. "I've lost count of how many accidents I've had".

Cassie didn't know what to say to that. Perhaps she just had better bladder and bowel control than most women? She'd certainly never thought about it before. And yet here was some living proof that at least one woman Cassie knew was more than a little accident-prone. Lola had shit herself badly- not only that, but she didn't seem too fussed by it at all.

The smell was really starting to become a problem by the time Lola eventually finished checking social media and got back up off of her bed. By then the whole room smelt of poo, and Cassie had learned to stop breathing through her nose. Just before she vanished into the bathroom, Lola gave her one last twirl to show off the titanic bulge in her jeans. Cassie could rarely even make a load that big, let alone in her underwear. She smiled, remembering how grossed out the sight would have made her just a few days ago. It was crazy how much more comfortable these two had grown around each other over the weekend.

Lola disappeared then to start the long and presumably messy process of cleaning herself up. Cassie heard a zipper, a button being undone, and then the jeans being unfurled until they were around Lola's ankles. She opted to make conversation.

"So, you doing anything tonight?" she asked, sitting up in bed a little.

"Yes," Lola said abruptly, "I'm going to a house party on Braemar. You should come!"

Despite herself, and despite the personality she'd had for the first nineteen years of her life, Cassie was intrigued. "What kind of party?"

"One with boys," said Lola simply. "I went there a few weeks ago, it was fun. The music is loud and everyone is drunk. The police don't come because nobody on the street complains, because they're all having parties of their own. You should come," she said again.

A big part of Cassie was almost tempted to say yes. She had never been to a house party before and wanted to see what they were like. Still, there was one big problem holding her back. It would be easier to tell Lola now, rather than have her think that Cassie was just antisocial.

"It's just... I want to go to these parties, but I've never been drunk before, and I've never taken any drugs. I don't know what kind of effect they'd have on me, and I really don't want to find out when I'm in the middle of a house with people I've never met".

Lola thought about this for a second. "You should try it here first," she suggested. "You and me, we can get drunk together, in this room. Then you'll get used to the alcohol".

"That does sound like a good idea," Cassie said, brightening up, "just so I know what to expect. But what about... d-r-u-g-s?" she pronounced it that way, each letter individually. Even talking about taking illegal substances felt so naughty, so.. alien.

"You can try those, too," Lola said in a casual voice, "if you want. Or I can demonstrate for you".

"I don't know the first thing about where to buy drugs," Cassie admitted.

Lola laughed from the bathroom. "Who said anything about you buying? I'll get them".

"Are you sure?"

"It's no problem. Just tell me what you want, and I'll get you some samples".

Cassie thought this over again. "And when would we..."

"This Saturday? I'm free," Lola offered. "I can get hold of some bits and pieces before then". Cassie heard the toilet flush.

"Then yes, please," she said, suddenly aware of how absurdly posh she must sound considering she was practically ordering illegal drugs off of her new roommate. "That would be great".

"Then it's a deal," Lola said. "I really need to get some action tonight," she said, "I haven't had sex in a month. I feel like I'm going to explode".

You don't need to tell me that, Cassie thought. She could still vividly remember the sight she'd gotten when she had walked in on Lola wanking in the shower. Lola hadn't known that Cassie had seen, but judging by how quickly she got out of the shower after she heard Cassie turn the TV on, there was no way Lola had had the time to finish, either. Cassie wondered if Lola had tried again since then.

"Ay, I'm going to need a shower," Lola finally admitted, "I'll be out in a second. Don't forget what I said about this weekend!"

Cassie heard the shower start, and already found herself thinking about Lola's offer. It seemed like the perfect chance to try some of the things she'd never tried before, and with someone she trusted, too. The only question was how her body would respond.

She picked up her phone, opened an Incognito window and started researching drugs on Google.

###

Later that night, after Lola had long since left for her party, Cassie found herself alone in the dorm. The invitation to the party tonight had remained extended, but in the end she'd decided to wait until after her weekend of experimentation before she made any decisions about which social events she would and wouldn't go to. And besides, Cassie had another reason for staying in: she was horny as anything, and needed the alone time so she could get some relief. It was like her whole body just wanted her to start rubbing herself until all of the stress and built-up tension melted away.

So, with Lola not gone long, Cassie started peeling off clothes and leaving them on a heap on the wooden floorboards. She slid between the bedsheets fully naked. The air was cool enough to make her nipples hard and warm enough to be comfortable. Under the cover of her duvet, Cassie reached between her legs and started to play with herself.

Right away she remembered how much she'd missed this since moving in with Lola. As much as she liked the Spanish girl, her presence made Cassie far too self-conscious to relieve her horniness, which could be problematic. It quickly started to feel wonderful again, her pussy turning wet in less than a minute. Though she'd never admit it, Cassie usually needed to cum at least three or four times a week to keep herself sane. Not being able to pleasure herself for weeks had taken a toll, and pretty soon she was vocalising that satisfaction with moans and gasps. She stroked her lips and rubbed circles over her clit, and meanwhile her free hand played with the left boob, massaging and pinching it. Cassie had missed masturbation more than she'd ever expected herself to.

And just as she was starting to get close to a big finish, the fire alarm went off. Cassie groaned. She wasn't willing to give up just yet, not when she'd waited so long for an orgasm. As the bell droned on loudly, she sped up the movements of her fingers, rubbing even harder on the clitoris and trying to think of some of her naughtiest fantasies. There was still hope that she could come if she was quick. Buried underneath the alarm, the sound of fingers on wet pussy was unmistakable, and she hoped to make it lead somewhere.

But a knock on Cassie's door put an abrupt end to that plan. She could have sworn out loud then, such was her frustration. Knowing that an orgasm couldn't have been more than a few seconds away, she swung her legs out of bed and stood, still completely butt naked. Cassie called to the knocker that she was on the way and started looking for something to throw on.

Pyjamas would have to do, even though it was bound to be cold outside. If this was like most fire drills, they wouldn't be outside for too long. Cassie left the room locked, wishing she'd started touching herself just thirty seconds earlier.

###

Cassie was still horny by the time the fire drill ended twenty minutes later, but the mood had very much been ruined. After shivering in the dark for a while, she was finally cleared to return to her room, where she she climbed into bed and turned the TV on. She wasn't tired enough to sleep, so Cassie flicked through some of the channels, looking for people she recognised. The screen was now the only source of light left in the room, and it gave off the same vibe as a hotel suite in the early hours of the morning.

The sudden sound of the door unlocking made Cassie jump. For a brief moment, it became a rectangle of light, filled only with the silhouette of a tall, long-haired girl. Then the figure stepped into the room and the door shut behind her, leaving Cassie with just the shape of Lola in the room with her. A dark outline staggered around her own bed and towards the centre of the room.

"Hey," Cassie said quietly, offering a smile.

"Dios mio, I have to pee so bad," Lola whispered back. Her voice made it clear that she was very, very drunk.

She walked unstably towards the bathroom and undid her jeans, sitting quickly on the toilet. As her stream started up, Cassie asked a question. "So, did you get any action?

"No," Lola complained, "I'm so horny. The whole night I was making out with this cute guy, then he leaves just as things are getting good. My body thought I was gonna get laid, then I have to walk home empty handed. If I don't come soon, I think my body might implode".

Cassie had to admit that she was feeling just as turned on, while her roommate finished peeing and wiped herself off. She'd considered going for attempt number two at making herself finish that night, but the fire alarm had destroyed the initial buzz and left Cassie tempted to wait for another opportunity to make sure she could get it right on the first attempt.

Lola rose drunkenly from the toilet and returned to her bed, where she sat down on the side and kicked off her boots. Then off came her jeans, her top, her bra... and her underwear. That was no surprise to Cassie, who'd seen Lola naked plenty of times now. But was she imagining it, or did the woman's pussy have a certain gleam to it, as if it was wet?

"I'm sorry, Cassie, but I need to cum," Lola announced as she slipped into bed. "I'll try and be quiet".

The words threw Cassie off. As horny as she'd grown the last few days, she would never have expected Lola to be talking so openly about masturbation like this. Apparently, Cassie had found the limits of her newfound confidence. She'd only just gotten accustomed to Lola pooping with the door open, so having the woman wank off in the same room as her was bound to be a big step for Cassie. She had no idea what to say. So she just meekly said, "it's okay," and let Lola carry on.

Even through Lola's duvet, Cassie could soon hear the beginnings of Lola's session. It first came as a weak squishing sound- the sound of wet pussy lips being rubbed together, a sound Cassie knew well (though she'd never admit it). Cassie turned off the TV, and the only thing she could still hear was that noise of Lola rubbing herself.

Then came the moan. It was low, guttural, almost animalistic- and totally uncharacteristic of Lola, a woman who was usually all about looking good and partying hard. Cassie suspected that this was the real Lola. If she was honest, the sound of it was turning her on hard.

"Ooh, I won't take much longer," Lola said suddenly, "I'll finish soon, then I'll be quiet, I promise".

For her part, Cassie didn't understand how it was even possible for Lola to cum so quickly. She didn't know any other women who could go in less than five or ten minutes, as far as she'd asked. But Lola's voice quickly built to a crescendo, and there was no mistaking the moment that she came, with a huge, exaggerated sigh.

When Lola was done, silence fell across the room. Cassie wondered if her roommate was feeling the same regret as she herself sometimes did after a wank. It wasn't out of the question. Soon enough, it sounded like the drunk woman had gone to sleep. But Cassie couldn't drift off; she was too aroused. Her fingers crept to her pussy and started to rub around down there. The same squelching noise was back, and she couldn't help letting out a quiet moan of her own.

"Cassie," came Lola's soft voice, stabbing Cassie in the heart like a knife, "are you...?"

Cassie didn't answer for a very long time. She'd been caught. And the only thing left she could think to say was "yes".

"Why didn't you say something? It's okay to... do that... when you need to, you know".

"It is?"

"Of course! I just did. Felt amazing, by the way".

That much was a good point. Too horny to worry about decency, now, Cassie picked up the pace of her self-love. She was determined that she'd finish just as big as Lola. At that, at least, they could be equal.

###

The weekend was drawing closer, and Cassie- though she didn't want to admit it out loud- couldn't think about much else. A mixture of nervous energy and excitement was buzzing around her brain as she wondered what Lola might have in store for her that Saturday night. Part of her still thought she might get cold feet and back out of it, though she still felt determined to try new things and become more of a party person.

But all of that could wait. For tonight, Thursday, Cassie found herself sitting in her room with Lola, watching a movie on TV. The film itself wasn't bad, even if Cassie had seen it before. It was Lola's first time, and Cassie still got enjoyment from watching the Spanish girl's reactions to every little twist and joke. Lola had learned English by watching movies, so she was used to piecing together the subtext from the prequels she hadn't seen either.

They were both sat up at the back of their respective beds, Cassie drinking Coke, Lola sipping wine. There hadn't been a night where Lola hadn't poured herself any booze, as far as Cassie could remember. She didn't know how her roommate did it.

Then again, it wasn't without its side effects.

About halfway through the movie, Lola wriggled her legs exaggeratedly and crossed them over each other. "Ah, I really have to pee," she complained, squeezing her crotch once for good measure.

"Not long left," lied Cassie.

"How long?"

"Maybe twenty minutes?" this was certainly not true, but she didn't want to have to pause the movie- her remote didn't work, so the only way to pause would be to get up and walk over to the TV screen itself.

"Twenty minutes? Okay, I try and hold," Lola said.

For a while she sat still again and did her best to focus on the movie, but it must have been a little too much for her to bare, because ten minutes later she swung her legs off the side of the bed and sat up on the edge. Cassie assumed that Lola was getting up to use the bathroom, and prepared to go and pause the film... but instead, her roommate unbuttoned her jeans, lifted herself off the seat for a few seconds and shimmied them down to her knees. To Cassie's surprise, she didn't seem to be wearing any underwear.

What happened next left Cassie speechless. Without taking her eyes off the climax of the film, Lola grabbed an empty water bottle from the side of her bed, unscrewed the lid and positioned it between her legs. She must have done this before, because she didn't even need to look to know exactly where to place the opening of the bottle against her hair-covered pussy. Then, with an audible sigh of relief, Lola started peeing full-force into the thing.

Cassie didn't want to stare, so she only got a glimpse of what was happening out of the corner of her eye, but she could hear it perfectly. She'd never urinated in a plastic bottle before. It sounded exactly like she would have expected it to, like it was being filled up from a tap- except instead of a tap it was a vagina and instead of water it was hot, golden pee. Cassie had no idea how to react. She supposed the best thing to do would be pretending she hadn't noticed- but would Lola mind? It wasn't like she was a shy woman.

On top of that, Cassie could feel her own bladder starting to fill up. She'd first noticed not long into the movie, but it was nothing urgent- she could still hold it a while longer. She found herself wondering what it would feel like if she followed Lola's lead. There was even an empty water bottle on her own bedside table. Would Lola say anything? And could she bring herself to do something so unladylike when there was a bathroom just a few metres from her? She wasn't sure. Perhaps if she was desperate... but right now she barely needed to go...

Lola seemed to have finished peeing, because she was now carefully lifting the bottle upright and screwing the cap back on. It was practically full to the brim with yellow fluid. When she was done, Lola left it back on her bedside table where she'd found it- only now the bottle was a hundred times heavier and probably not good to drink from. Without a word, she kicked off her jeans and lay back down on the bed, naked from the waist down. Cassie could only guess that pee was dribbling down her lips and onto the duvet. The whole time, Lola hadn't taken her eyes off of the movie.

Once the credits started rolling, Lola carried the bottle to the toilet and emptied it out, before rinsing it in the sink. "Twenty minutes, you liar," she teased when she returned, "you're lucky I had the bottle. If I pissed on the bed, I'd have been sleeping in yours tonight".

###

Cassie shut off the water when she heard the front door open. She stood there for a moment, naked, warm, letting droplets drip from the tips of her fingers, her hair, her lips, and rain down onto the tiles. Towel wrapped around her, she emerged from the bathroom just as Lola was unpacking a bag of shopping. She'd sent the tall girl to the local off-license with a pile of ten pound notes and hopped in the shower to get ready for their night. Now Lola was opening a bag of cubed ice and storing it in their tiny freezer.

Cassie's eyes almost popped out like a cartoon character when she saw how much booze Lola had retrieved. "You bought all that with fifty pounds?"

"I bought it with sixty," Lola corrected, "your fifty and ten from me".

"And what about..." the word felt unnatural on Cassie's tongue, "you know... drugs?"

Lola smirked. "That's where my other forty went," she said, "I picked up some bits and pieces last night. But those are for later, not now. If you don't get too drunk".

"I will not get too drunk," Cassie said indignantly, "wait, will I?"

"Drinking with me? It's likely".

Lola got two of her own glasses out of her cupboard. In each she dropped two cubes of ice, which clinked into the cups with a satisfying sound. "What do you like to drink, Cassie?"

Cassie frowned. "I don't know," she realised, "what have you got?"

Lola went through the four bottles one by one, lifting them up to present to Cassie. "This is vodka, then gin, pink gin, and this one-" she held up a squat, green bottle "-is really sour, you're meant to drink shots of it".

"Do we even have shot glasses?"

"I do," Lola said coyly.

Cassie felt no closer to knowing what she wanted to drink, so she instructed Lola to pour two glasses of whatever she was having while she towelled off her legs. By the time she'd pulled on a t-shirt and pair of jeans with knickers, Lola was setting down a glass on Cassie's bedside table and one on her own. It was clearly Coke, but what Lola had mixed it with was anyone's guess. Cassie picked up the drink and sniffed, then sipped. She thought it was vodka, but she hadn't garnered enough experience in the spirit department to be sure.

Lola's first taste was more of a gulp than a sip. She was in charge of the music, too, flicking through her phone and connecting it to a Bluetooth speaker that sat by the bed. Soon enough it felt pretty close in their crappy little dorm to what Cassie imagined real parties were like- except in a room no bigger than a boxing ring and with only two attendees, one of whom had never gotten drunk before.

"So what do we do now?" Cassie asked.

"We play games, and we drink, and we put on music," said Lola, "until we pass out early tomorrow morning".

That still sounded more than a little daunting to Cassie, but she was excited to get a taste of the life she'd been missing out on. They drank together for an hour or so, with Lola introducing Cassie to a few drinking games that got them both through the alcohol like it was lemonade. Some of their drinks literally were lemonade, but Cassie had never mixed hers with gin before. The pink stuff was surprisingly good, and Lola laughed at the way Cassie's face contorted the first time she tried a shot of Apple Sourz.

Soon enough Cassie was sure that she was starting to feel drunk. This wasn't like the other night, when cocktails had made her no more than a little sleepy. The combination of lights, music and constant conversation was making her chattier than usual, quicker to laugh and thirstier. She was starting to see why most other students loved booze. Lola wasn't anywhere near as tipsy yet; she explained that her tolerance was far higher after years of getting her body used to alcohol. But they were still having fun, and it was still early.

"I'm hungry," Lola announced at one point, "do we order food?"

Ordinarily Cassie didn't like shelling out for takeaways, but with a bit of gin in her it suddenly sounded like a great idea. "Fuck yeah," she said, "you pick what we're having".

Lola ordered from McDonalds and they went back to playing a game of Never Have I Ever. It felt like Cassie learned more about her new roommate in that hour than she had in the previous few weeks. She found out that Lola lost her virginity at seventeen, that she spoke a third language (French) and that she had never ridden a bike.

One of the more prominent side effects of the alcohol was that Cassie found herself needing to pee more than usual. By the time the food arrived and had been promptly eaten up, she had to get up for her third bathroom visit of the evening. "Sorry, gotta go again," she told Lola. Standing up really made the booze hit her.

"Ay, don't worry about it. It's normal to need to pee a lot when you're drinking. I'll go after you're done".

But Cassie was enjoying the night more than she'd ever expected, and the gin-fuelled confidence inspired her to do something she'd never done before in her life: she left the door open while she peed. It must not have seemed like a big deal to Lola, who barely gave her a second look, but to Cassie it felt like a major step.

"So, what about these drugs you mentioned?" Cassie asked while she emptied her bladder. She'd been thinking about whether she wanted to dabble in drugs so soon after her introduction to alcohol, but eventually decided that she wanted the full college experience, even if that meant trying something illegal. Not wanting to seem pushy, she hadn't asked Lola about them since the start of the night.

But this time Lola seemed more than happy to talk about what she'd bought from her dealer the night before. She reached into the drawer of her bedside table and took out a little see-through bag with a red seal. In the dim lighting, Cassie couldn't see what was inside it straight away. When she got off the toilet and approached, though, she saw two little blue pills. Cassie took the bag gently off of Lola, holding it close to her eyes. The pills were each branded with a big 'S' that reminded her somewhat of the Skype logo.

"What are these?"

"Ecstasy, mostly," Lola said, as if she was talking about the most normal thing in the world, "maybe a few other things in there too- cocaine, speed..."

"Is that safe?" asked Cassie.

Lola nodded. "Safe enough, as long as you don't take too many," she said, "but you are only taking half. It's your first time".

"And what do they do?"

"They make you talkative, and peaceful. They make you want to touch things and look at lights and listen to music. It's like it lifts your senses up," Lola said wistfully. "As long as you don't take too many," she repeated.

Cassie thought it over. It didn't sound so bad- a pill that would make her feel peaceful. It certainly seemed better than some of the other drugs she'd heard about, the ones they warned kids against at school that made people crazy and dangerous. In truth, it didn't take her nearly as long to decide she was in as she'd have thought. After examining the blue pills for a few seconds, she handed them back to Lola. "I'm in," she said, "you've done this before?"

"More times than I can count," Lola confirmed.

A question struck Cassie. "How do you take these? I always thought people snorted this kind of stuff".

"You can crush it up and snort it, if you want," Lola said with a shrug, "but it will tear your delicate nose up. It's better to just swallow, with a drink. Don't let it stay in your mouth for long," she advised, "the taste is terrible. Watch this".

Lola opened up the bag with painted fingernails and extracted one of the pills. Without missing a beat, she popped it in her mouth, picked up her glass and took a swig. From this close Cassie could see the woman's throat moving as she swallowed. And then the pill was gone. "See? Easy".

It looked easy, that was true. So Cassie held her hand flat out in front of Lola and let the girl pour the other pill onto her palm. She wanted to take it before she had time to overthink things and back out, as she so often had before. Despite Lola's advice, Cassie did detect some of the awful taste in the second between putting the pill on her tongue and washing it down with her gin and lemonade, watered down with melting ice.

"Fuck, it really does taste bad," she said, "how long until that hits us?"

Lola was looking at her with wide eyes. "Cassie... I said you only take half!"

Cassie gulped. She'd forgotten about that. "Will I be okay?"

"Yes, yes," Lola said quickly, sensing fear in her voice, "you will be fine. It just might be a little intense, though. For a first time".

"Okay, that's good," Cassie sighed, "as long as I'm not gonna die or anything".

"No way". Lola flicked her hair out of her face again and took another sip. "That should hit us later".

"How much later?"

"Anywhere between half an hour and one and a half," Lola admitted, "usually, for me, is about forty-five minutes".

That didn't seem so bad a wait. "And are there any, you know, side effects I should know about?"

Lola thought about it for a moment. "Your jaw might start clenching, your eyes will twitch a little, so don't worry about it. Oh, and it's going to make you have to poop".

"It is?" Cassie was suddenly a little alarmed.

"Yes, later. You'll get this sudden urge and then you'll go to the bathroom and do a really big poop. But it's okay, it won't be painful or anything".

"But what do you do if you're in a club, or- or a rave, or something? What if there's a queue for the bathroom?"

"You have to try and hold it," said Lola with a shrug. "Sometimes people don't make it".

"Have you ever... not..."

"Once," admitted Lola, "I was at a festival and I'd taken two of these pills. I got really desperate to poop and I couldn't hold it. I had to walk back to the tent with a big lump in my panties!"

Lola seemed to find that story hilarious now, but all Cassie could think was that it was a really good thing the bathroom was so close this evening. If she'd known that the pills would make her need to take a dump, it might have made her think twice about taking one so readily. She was starting to regret at least not snapping hers in half like Lola had ordered. Still, it was too late now. So she pushed it to the back of her mind as they carried on their drinking games, and soon her worries had vanished and she was laughing and smiling again.

Only after the games had resumed did Lola realise that she'd had to pee back when Cassie had last went. She jumped up off the bed, took down her jeans and panties early and waddled like a duck to the bathroom. Cassie couldn't help bursting out laughing at the sight of it.

"Don't laugh, I really have to go!" said Lola, holding her bare pussy. But underneath her exasperated tone, Cassie could tell that she was trying not to laugh, too.

###

True to Lola's word, Cassie started feeling the effects of the pill around three quarters of an hour after taking them. She didn't even realise at first that it was kicking in, but it all started when she noticed that her speech had sped up. It was like listening to a YouTube video on 1.25x speed, which Cassie used to do to fit in more study when she was watching explanations before a big test. After that she couldn't stop picking up on other side effects- her eyes did feel twitchy, now, and her teeth had started grinding together gently.

When she'd felt enough to be sure that she was getting high, Cassie asked Lola if the experience was mutual.

"Yes, I'm coming up," Lola said, grinning, "are you?"

"I'm pretty sure I am!" Cassie was beaming, too- she couldn't help it.

"I love seeing my friends on their first high!" Lola exclaimed, "it's so much fun. Are you getting the- the jaw thing?" Cassie nodded. "And the lights, look at the lights".

"The lights are off!"

Lola fumbled with her phone for a moment and suddenly she was shining the bright flashlight at Cassie. It blew her away- somehow the light seemed twice as intense as usual.

"And what are you feeling?"

"The same as you," Lola said, "but not as much, yet, because I have a higher tolerance than you".

"I never really thought about that," said Cassie, "does it really work that way?"

Lola nodded and explained to Cassie that the side effects tended to get less pronounced the more a drug was taken, as the individual body got more and more used to a substance. Lola still got plenty high when she took these pills, she said, but it was never quite as intense as before.

"Does that mean you won't have to shit, either? Is that only for first-timers?"

"Oh, no, I always have to poop when I take drugs". Lola took the last swig of her glass, got up and crossed the room to get a refill. "I'll have to go soon. The last time I got high I almost pooped my pants on the way home. It was really desperate, Cassie". She poured herself the strongest drink yet- it seemed to be almost half vodka and half lemonade. Lola had to tread carefully when she bought it back to her bed, in case it overflowed and split.

"Well, I don't have to go at all yet," Cassie remarked. She'd started to wonder about that in the last few minutes- it had been a while since they'd swallowed the pills, and still she didn't have to use the bathroom at all. Was it possible that she was somehow immune to that side effect?"

"You will," Lola promised, "just wait and see. The need will hit you very suddenly and it will be very strong. It always happens when you're on the MD".

"MD?"

"That's what we took. Ecstasy is just a street name".

Lola reached over to the edge of her bed and pulled out a half-full suitcase from underneath. Cassie didn't ask what she was doing- she just watched her roommate rummage through the suitcase until she came away clutching something round and clear. "I forgot I even had this!" she said, holding it up triumphantly. "This is perfect for tonight. Let me show you".

Cassie had no idea what she was looking at- until Lola plugged it in. Suddenly the whole room lit up in different colours, red and blue and green and purple, all spinning across the walls. It was a disco light, the kind you got at nightclubs- at least, Cassie assumed you did.

It turned out that the light had been a stroke of genius from Lola. The drugs had made light into a whole new world of sensory stimuli for Cassie, so she sat back on her bed and just watched the walls dance while Lola's music played in the background. Every colour felt alive, every beat felt meaningful. She'd never felt anything like this before. It was nothing like she'd expected drugs to be, and yet it was somehow simultaneously everything she'd expected drugs to be.

The two of them carried on that way for a while longer, drinking and talking and enjoying the night. Cassie found herself in the middle of conversations more intimate than she'd ever had with anyone before- she didn't know how it happened, but suddenly she'd be telling Lola about her deepest insecurities, or about something bad she did ten years ago that she wished she could take back. Lola would nod and listen carefully, then give her opinion, or sometimes come over to Cassie's bed to give her a hug. In those moments Cassie felt closer than she'd felt to another human being since her childhood, before she grew distant from her parents. It was mesmerising.

The only trouble was that her mind couldn't focus on one thing for very long, and soon another bizarre thought cropped up that forced Cassie to change topic altogether. "Uh, I haven't had to pee in ages," she said to Lola, "is that normal?"

"Ay, it's normal," Lola said, "I haven't had to either. The drugs, they slow down your bladder. Later, you'll have to take the biggest piss of your life. It's going to feel so good!"

On the subject of needing the bathroom, the sudden urge to poop that Lola had foretold picked that moment to make itself known all at once. And it was just as strong as Cassie had been warned, a wave that hit her stomach and told her brain she needed to get her trousers down and get on the toilet in double time. Cassie wasn't used to sudden urges. Her body was more likely to slowly build up a need over time until it was too desperate to ignore. The only feeling she knew that compared to this one was food poisoning.

But she was listening to Lola telling a deeply personal story about her history with a guy she'd known in school, and Cassie had no intention of spoiling that by getting up to use the bathroom. She didn't want to offend Lola- and besides, she didn't want to leave the conversation, even for a few minutes. This was like no talk she'd ever had before and it was making her reconsider a lot of her perspectives. Suddenly all barriers were down; the two of them could say anything to each other with no fear or judgement or retribution.

Cassie tried to readjust her position on the bed, hoping that it could be a way to make holding it in just a little easier. She brought up her heel, leg bent beneath the torso, and tucked it into the crack of her butt. That did only a little to ease the pressure, but it was better than nothing. She still had to squirm and wriggle in place to stop her bum from relaxing enough to let the heavy mess inside of her out. This was a very different kind of need from the one she'd felt that day Lola had walked in on her pooping, after their first week.

Eventually Cassie's bowels won out over her mind, and she was forced to accept that a trip to the loo would be necessary. She felt bad when she cut off Lola in mid-sentence. "I'm sorry, Lola, but if I don't get to the toilet right now I think I'm gonna poo myself". That was no exaggeration, either.

To her relief, Lola didn't mind being interrupted at all- on the contrary, she burst out laughing. "Go! Don't poop your pants. How long have you been holding it in?"

"Too long," muttered Cassie as she stepped into the bathroom. This time, she didn't even have to think about leaving the door wide open- it came naturally. She pulled down her jeans and underwear and took a seat on the toilet,

"Silly girl," tutted Lola, "hurry up, I think I need to do my poop now too".

Cassie could feel a huge dump brewing inside her and fancied the idea of taking her time with it, but not if it meant making Lola uncomfortable. That was one thing she missed about having her own bathroom- being able to spend an hour pooping if she wanted to.

From the early signs, this particular poop was going to be one of the biggest she'd produced in a long time. Though Cassie had always had something of a penchant for big loads, which she'd worked hard to keep private from as many people as possible, they were usually ones that came as the result of holding for a long time, or constipated poops that she had to really work to get out. This one was already stretching out her tight little hole, and she didn't even need to push at all. It felt so good she almost wanted to moan.

Lola stood up and a pained expression hit her pretty face out of the blue. Red light swam across her features. "Forget what I just said. I definitely do need to poop, and right now". Her left hand reached behind her lower half. Cassie couldn't see from this angle, but she could make a good guess that her roommate was squeezing that toned butt of hers. It appeared that Lola's need to shit had come on even faster and stronger than Cassie's sudden urge. But there was only so much Cassie could do about it. She was grounded to the toilet by the colossal log that was now snaking out of her bum in a loose, doughy mess. It stretched so long that one tip had slid into the water soundlessly before the other end even left Cassie's butt.

Poor Lola looked on the verge of an accident already. "Ay, please, hurry up," she pleaded, "I don't care if I do the poop in my pants, but I don't want to have to get changed".

Wanting to help her friend, Cassie bore down and pushed just a little. A second log quickly followed with a splash, and she felt empty again. The only strange part was the sensation of defecating without any pee coming out. Cassie couldn't remember ever doing that before.

She had an idea. "I'll stand up to wipe, so you can get on the toilet," she said hurriedly, leaving the bathroom and stepping back into the disco lighting of the main dorm. Lola did a loud fart as she rushed gratefully past, and soon she was the one sitting on the toilet and groaning in relief as her bowels evacuated noisily into the bowl. She really had been seconds away from filling her underwear, Cassie saw.

"It's weird," said Lola while she took a dump.

"What is?" Cassie was tearing off some toilet paper and trying to figure out how to wipe a particularly messy butt standing up. For the most part she was succeeding- but she was still falling some way short of the high standards she usually held herself to.

"When we met you were too shy to let me see you on the toilet. Now we're shitting our guts out in front of each other and we don't even care".

Cassie laughed. "That's true," she conceded, "but the drugs are definitely helping me there. I feel like I have no inhibitions".

Lola's poop was even faster than Cassie's had been, and the Spanish girl was already giving her own arse a rough, rushed wipe when Cassie had to ask her to part her legs so she could throw some of the soiled toilet paper into the bowl. Her drunken throwing skills weren't great and she almost hit her friends coarse, black pubic hairs with a piece of scrunched up, damp, brown loo roll. Luckily that crisis was averted. Cassie wanted to ask Lola why she didn't shave her crotch, but the question hadn't come up yet.

With an enormous poo now gone from each belly, both girls felt twice as high when they got back onto their beds and resumed the games. Cassie was having one of the best nights of her life- at least, now that her bowels felt empty again.

###

"Cassie, come here," said Lola, patting the section of bed next to her and grinning. Her pupils were the size of moons, Cassie noticed. They looked almost inhuman. There had been a time when Cassie would have found this a little disturbing, but right now she thought it was one of the coolest things she'd ever seen. She crossed from her bed to Lola's and sat beside her new friend.

In Lola's left hand she held a very different little bag to the one they'd taken pills from earlier. In this one was a crushed-up white substance, which Lola was dipping a wetted finger into. She kept bringing the finger out and rubbing the white stuff onto her gums, smiling like a loon all the while. When Cassie came over, she got the same treatment. Lola didn't ask Cassie to rub it onto her own gums- she literally put her finger in Cassie's mouth and started moving it around. The taste was awful, but Cassie couldn't care less. She'd gone to places tonight that she'd never thought herself capable of and she wasn't ready for it to end yet. If there was anything that could help her chase that high she'd felt, she wanted it, and lots of it. So she let Lola rub the foul substance in her mouth and never once asked what it was.

Whatever she'd just taken, it seemed to kick in after about ten minutes, and suddenly it was like the two of them had hit a second wave. All of the energy flooded back into their conversations and their bodies. Lola turned up her music. She'd switched at some point to some sort of drum and bass. Cassie had never treated the genre with anything less than the upmost contempt before, but for some reason, in that moment it sounded great to her untrained ears.

They stayed on Lola's bed for a while, Cassie having no desire to get back to her own. It seemed that the Spanish girl had been telling the truth about the drugs making you want to touch other people. There was nothing sexual in it, but Cassie suddenly felt incredible hugging Lola, stroking her hair, being close to her. It felt so out of character for her... and yet so good. But from Lola's bed Cassie could see the toilet through the crack in the bathroom door, and that reminded her of something.

"Tell me more about this piss thing," Cassie demanded, "how does it work again?"

She didn't know why she was saying piss instead of pee, or wee, like usual. The drugs were giving her a potty mouth, apparently. Cassie had said just about every bad word she knew that night- usually as if it was nothing. Now her main curiosity was what would happen when the drugs finally wore off enough to let her bladder muscles pee again.

Lola sat up a little straighter and went over the science again. Cassie had no idea if any of it was biologically accurate, but it sounded about right. "At the moment, your body isn't doing the things it normally does to tell you that you have to pee," Lola said, "the drugs are stopping that. But you're still drinking and your bladder, it's getting more and more full. Eventually that will all have to come out. It will be desperate. If we were out on the street when that happened, we would have to pee on the street. That's just how it works".

"I've never been to the loo on the street," Cassie admitted.

"Really?" Lola shook her head. "I'll have to show you".

"In the meantime, it doesn't matter when we have to pee here, because we're here," pointed out Cassie. "We can just use the bathroom. It's five steps away from this bed".

Lola shrugged. "True". She finished another strong drink, took Cassie's and finished that too before heading over to the kitchen to pour some more. Cassie guessed that she'd comfortably had more booze tonight than the rest of her life combined.

Once she got back with two full glasses, Cassie had another question for Lola.

“Aren’t drugs supposed to make you… you know… in the mood?”

“The mood?”

“The mood, you know, for sex and… stuff”.

Lola frowned. “What, like horny?” Cassie nodded. Lola thought about it for a second. “Some drugs do”.

“Does this one?”

“Eh, not really. It makes you want to touch and to cuddle and maybe that can lead to the sex, but it’s not for that. There are drugs that can make you as randy as a rabbit, though. I’ve had a few”.

That interested Cassie. "Really? What are they like?"

"You really want to know?" Lola said, leaning in with a glint in her eyes.

"Yes".

"Well," Lola took a sip, enjoying dragging it out, "after a while you get very... wet. Then you start to want to touch yourself, and if you can resist you can go out and pick up a guy and do him for hours. You don't get tired. You just want to try everything".

A part of Cassie's brain she hadn't known even existed thought that this sounded like a hell of a lot of fun. She made a note of that.

"I'd like to try some of those," she said with a dry throat.

"I have some".

Cassie's eyes widened- she could have sworn she felt her nipples go hard. "Can I...?"

"Ay, not tonight," Lola said, "they would be wasted here. We'll save them for next week, I'll take you clubbing, and hopefully you'll go home with a boy".

"What about you?"

"Hopefully I'll go home with someone, too," Lola said with a wink.

"A boy?"

She mused over this while she popped a piece of gum in her mouth. "Eh. Boy, girl, anything else. I don't care".

Cassie didn't push the matter any further, mainly because the last round of whatever they were rubbing on their gums seemed to be kicking in, but her mind kept. coming back to these sex drugs. Coming to Uni, sex was one of the things she had secretly wanted to try out a few times, even if it was better to pretend it didn't matter to her. These pills Lola had described would be a perfect way to loosen herself up- literally. She assumed that she would stop thinking they were such a good idea once she'd sobered up a little.

The next few hours flew by faster than Cassie could have believed. The two girls kept drinking, kept listening to music and watching the lights and sitting closer to each other than was probably normal. At one point Lola managed to connect their tiny TV to Netflix, and put on a film that neither of them ended up paying attention to, mainly because they never troubled to turn down the tunes from the phone. The room grew so hot that tops were doing nothing but basking them both in sweat, so they ended up sitting in just jeans and a bra each.

Eventually the chewing gum was all out and so was the white powder in the bag. Cassie was struck by a strange kind of sadness when she first saw the sun start to come up. It signified the end of one of the best nights she'd ever had. She didn't know where the last few hours of the party had gone to, but the realisation that she was experiencing her first ever comedown wasn't a fun one. The only silver lining was that she still had so much more to explore in this world, now she'd had a taste.

"Ay, dios mio," Lola gasped out of nowhere.

"What's up?"

"Remember when I said we would have to pee soon? Well, I need to fucking pee".

Cassie looked up and saw that it was true. Lola had gone from chilling out on the bed to standing beside it with both hands in her crotch in just a few seconds. But the mention of pee had a bizarre effect: suddenly Cassie had to go, too, and it was all at once as desperate as she'd been for a long time.

"Fuck! Me too. Good thing we're right by the toilet, yeah?"

Lola laughed. "Yes, lucky me".

Something came to Cassie then that she'd thought a few times that night, but never said out loud until now. "I wish I could be more like you," she told Lola".

"What do you mean?"

"When we first met I thought it was kind of weird how you could just pee with the door open, or pee in the shower, or poo yourself and not even care. But now I wish I could do that too. I think... it would be easier. If I wasn't so uptight about those things".

"Well..." Lola began, tossing half of her hair over her left shoulder to get it out of her eyes again, "I could teach you".

Cassie blinked. "You could?"

"Yes, of course," she said, "why not? I learned to do it, you can too".

"I guess that's true," said Cassie. She was fidgeting badly now. "Sure, okay, I'll do it. But can we please hurry up? I'm bursting".

"Okay, me too. Alright," Lola waved an arm to indicate that Cassie should go into the bathroom first, "we'll start small. Have you ever been in a sink b

"No, but there's a first time for everything". Cassie, almost completely uninhibited by this point, unbuttoned her jeans and pushed them down around her thighs. Her underwear quickly followed, properly exposing her hairless pussy in front of Lola for the first time. If Lola was paying any attention to her roommate's slit, though, she certainly didn't give herself away. She just laughed as Cassie waddled towards the bathroom sink and lined herself up to let rip. But one big problem quickly became obvious. "Shit, I'm way too short," she hissed, "fuck, I'm gonna have to use the toilet or I'll piss all over the floor".

"Wait!" Lola came up behind Cassie, wrapped surprisingly strong arms around the shorter girl's waist and lifted her up. She only went a few inches off the ground, but that was all it took. Suddenly Cassie's bladder gave out and she started pissing full-force into what had previously been a pristine white bathroom sink. A string of swear words came out of Cassie's mouth, relief overwhelming her. Even over the music she could hear the pee tinkling against the porcelain so clearly that it was almost musical in itself.

Cassie had never urinated standing up before. She wasn't prepared for the way her pee sprayed in every direction, some completely missing the sink altogether.

"Hurry up, Cassie, I'm desperate," Lola moaned, readjusting her grip. But just as Lola had warned, Cassie was nowhere near done yet. She must have had a bladder far fuller than ever before.

"I'm trying! There's so much!" Cassie bore down for a second, hoping to speed up her stream. The problem was that she still had some shit left in her colon, which almost slipped out of her and into her underwear at precisely the wrong time.

Even dry, the denim against Cassie's bare, slightly hairy butt felt odd. But there were few words to properly describe the sensation of them suddenly turning from bone dry to soaking wet in an instant. Lola wasn't simply wetting herself- she was flooding her pants, exploding all in one instant.

"Ah, okay, no rush," Lola said after a while. She was still lifting Cassie, to her credit, but all semblance of bladder control was completely absent from both women now.

They lulled into a peaceful silence and both finished pissing: Cassie into the sink, happily watching her pee gurgle down the drain and disappear, and Lola in her jeans. She seemed completely unfazed by the fact that she'd just wet herself only a few feet from the toilet- which Cassie supposed made sense given the Spanish girl's history with accidents. When Lola eventually put Carrie back down, after the latter had run her reserve dry, Cassie's feet landed in a warm puddle on the bathroom floor. A glance around told her that Lola had flooded the whole place, and it was slowly flowing towards the drain in the middle of the room.

"Okay, that felt good," Lola admitted, "but you're going to have to pee a lot in the next day or so. And poop too. It's just your body trying to get back to normal, so don't worry, yeah?"

Cassie nodded, though she felt a bit concerned. "How much is a lot?"

Lola thought about it for a second. "Every half an hour or so you might need to pee, I think. And poop, I don't know, maybe three or four times tomorrow?"

"That doesn't sound so bad". Cassie got a good look at Lola, who was completely drenched from the waist down. She could no longer remember what shade of blue that denim was supposed to be. The Spanish girl took one look at the shower and sighed.

"I really should shower, just to get the pee off my legs," she said, "but what is it you say in England? I can't be fucked?"

Cassie laughed. "That's the one," she said. Her butt was damp and sticky from Lola's accident, too. "I can't be fucked to shower either. Should we just go to bed?"

"That sounds perfect," Lola agreed.

They headed back into the room, where Lola promptly started to strip naked. It caught Cassie by surprise at first- Lola's tits were bouncing once the bra was off, and both nipples stood proud and erect. It hit her then that she'd never seen another human being completely naked before, except ones she was related to. But then, when Cassie thought about it, it didn't seem so weird after all. Lola had just seen Cassie's pussy, Cassie had already seen Lola's, and they'd spent the last few hours with nothing on but bras and jeans. This wasn't much more of a step.

So Cassie decided to follow Lola's lead. She didn't have the same confidence in her body that Lola had, but today it didn't seem to matter much at all. Today it was just nice to feel close to someone. She left all of her clothes in a pile next to Lola's and climbed, naked and damp from sweat and piss, into bed. The last thing she remembered from her night of drugs and booze was Lola pushing out a giant fart, making Cassie laugh before she quickly fell asleep.

###

Cassie woke up in the middle of a dream she couldn't remember. The room was silent; only muffled traffic from outside soundtracked the morning. It was bright in the room- as bright as could be with the blinds pulled shut, and still light enough that Cassie could see around the place well.

The first thing she felt was what she assumed was the hangover she'd heard about. Her head ached, her belly hurt, her legs were sore. She'd woken up with the flu before and felt better. It wasn't her favourite part of the weekend so far, to put it mildly.

Only bits and pieces of the night before still floated around in her memory. She could remember everything before they'd started drinking but only patches from after. The taste of the powder was still on her gums, but she couldn't picture actually rubbing it there. It felt like she'd been watching a movie and only half paying attention, missing huge parts at a time and being left to piece together the rest of the story. She was like a detective, trying to figure out how she'd ended up naked in bed. She certainly didn't remember taking her clothes off.

Was she fully naked? Cassie moved her hands from her chest and felt her crotch, just to make sure she hadn't got underwear on. She found her pussy soaking wet. Her fingers recoiled, shocked at the cold, damp impact. When she forced herself to feel again, it only confirmed the first report: not only was she wet, her whole bed was soaked. Around her bum, lower back and thighs, a dark wet patch spread out across the sheet, turning cream into deep beige.

Everything between her hips and her knees seemed to be covered in cold, sticky fluid. She peeked at her hand, thinking it was maybe possible that she'd just had a very heavy period, and swore when the fingers came away colourless. There was only one logical explanation for it. Cassie couldn't believe it at first, but the only thing that made any sense was that she had wet the bed.

She could feel her face flushing with shame. Cassie simply wasn't a person who had accidents. She'd known throughout her night with Lola that it was possible she would have some close calls, and she remembered almost losing control before finding relief in the sink, but waking up sober in the cold light of day to find that she'd wet the bed was something else entirely.

Cassie groaned. She didn't feel like getting up at all, ideally not for a long time, and yet she knew that she had to clean up the mess she'd made. She could smell it, too, stale but undeniably pee.

Just as Cassie was about to get up, throw on some pyjamas and carry her bedsheets to the laundry room, she heard a noise coming from Lola's bed. She turned to check it out- from her pillow she could get a good view of Lola, without lifting her head, thankfully. It took Cassie a while to figure out what she was hearing. Lola was clearly asleep, but the noise was coming from her. She wasn't sleep-talking, or moaning as if she was having a sex dream. Then Cassie put her finger on it- her roommate was grunting.

Not grunting like an animal, or like Cassie's dad often did when he was pissed off. These were sounds that Cassie had heard Lola make before, starting with their very first meeting. This was the noise Lola made when she was pushing out a poop.

It took Cassie completely by surprise to realise that her friend was shitting the bed. She wondered if she should wake Lola up, but before she could act the grunting stopped and the unmistakable earthy scent filled the room. It was too late. And Cassie figured that if Lola had already had an accident, there wasn't much point in interrupting her sleep yet. Hell, all Cassie wanted to do was to roll over and go back to sleep herself. But first she needed to change her bedsheets. And before that there was an even more pressing matter to consider: she had to pee again, and badly. Lola hadn't been kidding when she'd warned that drugs and booze would lead to a lot of toilet visits the next day.

Cassie climbed out of bed, suddenly more self-conscious about her nakedness again. She was grateful that Lola was asleep, because Cassie's need to urinate was too strong to allow her time to pull any clothes on before she rushed to the loo and sat down. She started to piss almost straight away, hunched over with her elbows resting on her thighs. Hair hung over her face and her belly, which wasn't exactly going to get any smaller on the back of last night, was sticking out, shielding most of her privates from view.

Cassie closed her eyes in the hopes it would calm her head a little. She peed for half a minute and then started wiping. For good measure, she tried one sheet of paper across her butthole. It came away a little brown. When she'd flushed, Cassie stood up on shaky feet again and took a look at herself in the mirror. It wasn't a pretty sight, even as someone who didn't much care for her appearance.

When she re-entered the bedroom, trying to gear herself up for the unenviable task of stripping the bed and getting them in the wash without being seen, Cassie was surprised to see Lola awake.

Lola looked remarkably pretty even in this state, but it was still easily the most dishevelled Cassie had ever seen her roommate. She had wide, sleepy eyes with purple bags underneath, and her hair was a mess, sticking out in no logical way. Lola sat up in bed, her top half completely exposed- her breasts seemed less perky and heavier, for some reason, and her nipples had lost all the stiffness of last night. She was stifling a yawn when she saw Cassie.

"Good morning," she said, "what time is it?"

"I don't know," Cassie admitted. "Late. Probably nearly midday by now, or worse".

Lola rubbed her eyes, then tilted her head. She seemed to be staring at Cassie's pussy, which made her only slightly less uncomfortable than it would have a few days ago.

"Cassie, why are your legs all wet?" she asked.

Cassie froze. She tried to think of a plausible lie, but when one didn't come up she decided not to bother trying to hide it from Lola. After what they'd shared the night before, it wasn't like they had a reason to still be shy with one another.

"Well," she confessed, "I kind of... wet the bed last night".

Lola's reaction wasn't at all what Cassie would have expected. She shrugged, waved a lazy hand in front of her in dismissal and said, "ah, no big deal. I wet mine too. And I pooped in it, too".

She seemed remarkably calm for a woman who had just ruined her sheets. Cassie clearly didn't have the same experience in soiling herself that Lola boasted, but she would still have expected a little more urgency, or some embarrassment. She didn't think she'd ever meet a woman whose response to waking up wet would be to shrug it off, but then she'd never met anyone like Lola before.

"Well, I did think you were... you know... pooing, in the bed. It was only a few minutes ago, and you were," she paused, "well, you were grunting, and I thought you were pushing it out in your sleep. Sorry if you'd rather I woke you up, I thought it was better to let you sleep".

"No, you did the right thing. I don't respond very well to being woken up when I've had a late night," Lola said with a laugh, "and I don't know what would happen if you woke me up while I was pooping in the bed. It probably wouldn't have been fun".

Even for Lola, it was strange to hear someone talking about this so casually. Cassie had to ask why.

"How come you don't seem bothered about this?" she said, sitting down on the edge of her bed, being very careful not to touch any of the wet, cold patch she'd left while she slept. "I was nowhere near as calm as you when I woke up and found out I'd... you know".

"I'm not bothered by it because it happens all the time," Lola said, "when I get really drunk or really high, usually, I wet the bed that night. A lot of the time I poop too. It's normal".

"Is it?" Cassie asked dubiously.

"Of course. I know I'm not the only one. Loads of my friends say the same thing. We used to have drunk sleepovers and sometimes all of us would wake up in wet beds. Really, Cassie, it's nothing to be ashamed of. It happens to a lot of girls".

That was brand new information to Cassie. She'd heard of women having instances of nocturnal incontinence when they were under the influence of a lot of alcohol, but for it to happen on the regular to the same woman? Even to a whole group of friends? That didn't line up with what she'd been told before. And they hadn't even been that drunk last night, not when compared to how sloshed she knew Lola could get when she wanted to.

"So, are you gonna get up and change your sheets?" she asked.

Lola didn't even think about it for a second. "No".

Cassie frowned. "Why not?"

"I don't feel like getting up," she explained, "I'm tired and I'm comfy and I'm hungover. This way is so much more convenient".

"Convenient how?"

"Because next time I have to use the bathroom, I can just do it here. I don't have to get up. It's easy".

This was the most shocking bit of news yet to Cassie. It was one thing to have an accident while asleep, but to then voluntarily soil yourself again, just because you didn't want to get out of bed? She'd never have thought that of anyone, not even of Lola.

"I don't know, Lola," she said, "that seems kind of extreme. Even for you".

"Oh, come on, it's no big deal," Lola said, "look- I still have to pee a little". She paused for a moment, then looked up at Cassie and flashed a cheeky smile. "And I just did it!"

"Seriously? Right now?"

Lola nodded enthusiastically. "So quick and easy! And I didn't have to move a muscle," she said, "it feels kind of good, too, to be honest".

For her part, Cassie couldn't imagine peeing her bed on purpose ever feeling good. She'd matured too much in the last few weeks to feel disgusted by Lola's unconventional bathroom habits anymore, but this seemed like a step too far. So she stood up and turned back to her own bed, ready to strip off the sheets and put on fresh ones so that she could go back to sleep.

Cassie must have stood up a little too fast, though, because her head started to spin once she was on her feet. Her belly cramped again, more painfully than before. For a long moment she was sure she was going to be sick. Then the wave passed, but Cassie was still left feeling terrible.

Lola took one look at the discomfort on Cassie's face and sighed. "Cassie, come on," she said, "you're hungover. You need to get back into bed and sleep it off. The cold of the pee isn't so bad once you get used to it".

That all sounded sorely tempting to Cassie, but she knew she had to protest. "No, I can't go back to sleep. I'll need the loo again soon, I have to be up..."

"So what if you have to use the bathroom? The sheets are ruined already. If you go in your sleep, you go in your sleep. If you have to go when you wake up, you can do that too, or just go in your bed like I did".

When she put it like that, it was hard for Cassie to find a reason to argue. So she stopped resisting. With a resigned groan, her naked body climbed back into bed and pulled the duvet back up over her. Lola had been right about one thing: the cold of her piss did stop feeling bad after a while, and it was far nicer being in here than out there. Exhaustion reclaimed Cassie and she quickly fell asleep again.

###

Not for the first time since moving in, Cassie was woken up by a serious pain in her bladder. She had to piss badly, and already her legs were crossing tightly in an effort to help her hold it in. Already the desperation was almost as bad as it had been the night before, just before she'd emptied her bladder into the sink. She still remembered how strange her bare bum had felt being held against Lola's denim crotch. Now this was nearly as urgent, except she wasn't going to go in the sink. She tried to push herself up on one elbow, hoping to make it to the toilet... and then had another idea.

As strange as what Lola had said about going in the bed had been, it seemed to make plenty of sense to Cassie now. After all, the sheets really were already in need of a serious wash. What harm could a little more mess do? So she spread her legs a little and gave the pee permission to come out.

Even then, it took a little while, as her body resisted the urge. It was ironic to her that her brain had had no problems accidentally soaking the entire bed while she'd been asleep the night before, and now it seemed unable to produce even a tiny dribble. But with a little pushing and a little patience, Cassie felt something she'd never felt before in her life- a squirt of fresh pee dripping out of her pussy, down her labia and onto her own bed.

This was going to take some getting used to, thought Cassie as she began picking up speed in the flow, but already she was starting to see why Lola liked it so much.

###

Cassie would never have guessed that she would spend so little of her first few months at university studying, but rooming with Lola had given her a different perspective on life. Now things weren't just about good grades; she would always look forward to going out at the weekends (or sometimes weekdays, if the prices were good), and those nights where she got to hang out with her roommate and just enjoy herself.

But she hadn't completely lost the old Cassie, so on the evening before Halloween she was sitting cross-legged on her bed, flicking through a textbook and trying to memorise the details. Assessments were in six weeks. She didn't fancy failing them. The only distraction was that she was starting to really need a piss.

Ordinarily Cassie would have simply gotten up and headed to the bathroom not six feet away from her bed, but Lola was getting ready for a party in there. And, as much as peeing in front of each other had long since shed the taboo, Cassie still reserved it for emergencies or when she was drunk. Besides, she still had a few pages of the chapter to finish, and she was determined to get through them before she sought out relief. She couldn't stand taking breaks from studying just to use the bathroom.

When Lola stepped out of the shower, wrapped in a towel but dripping from head to foot, Cassie couldn't help but feel jealous as usual. The Spaniard was a gorgeous woman- maybe not perfect, but still beautiful. She was a far cry from Cassie's podgier form and uneven boobs. Cassie crossed her legs, aware that she was going to have to get up and pee soon whether she finished the chapter or not.

One of her eyes watched Lola getting dressed. She didn't blink when Lola dropped her towel. Cassie had seen it all before, and it wasn't like she was attracted to her flatmate anyway. But then she went to her underwear draw and picked out something that Cassie certainly hadn't seen before: a black g-string that seemed to have barely enough fabric to cover any woman's crotch, let alone Lola's, which had always stuck out awkwardly. When she pulled it on, Cassie saw that the material was close to see-through.

"Wow".

"What?"

"Where did you get that? I've never seen it before," Cassie said.

Lola beamed. "I save it for special occasions. Nights when I want to look cute".

"Ah". Cassie knew that her roommate had been looking forward to tonight all week. There was a guy at the party she was into, with some Spanish name Cassie had forgotten. Lola couldn't stop talking about it- and not because she thought he was boyfriend material. To put it mildly, Lola had been going through a dry patch. Her exact words had been 'I think my virginity is going to grow back', which Cassie doubted. It was just that Lola, apparently, was a very sexual being, and she hadn't been coping well with suddenly finding herself unable to find a partner.

"I swear, I'll explode if I don't find someone tonight. I haven't been this long without sex in years".

Cassie raised an eyebrow. "How long has it been?"

"Three weeks," said Lola nonchalantly, "which is two weeks too long. He'd better be up for it tonight. I really need it".

Though she wouldn't say it out loud, Lola's horniness was even starting to rub off on Cassie. She'd been thinking about coming along to one of these parties soon and seeing who she could pick up herself. There was one to mark Halloween tomorrow, and Cassie didn't want to go out tonight or she'd run out of money for the month before the big night. Lola didn't seem to have that issue. She said that she didn't usually pay for her own drinks.

"Okay, remember to take a crap before you leave," said Cassie once her friend was dressed, "we don't want a repeat of last time". The last time Lola had gone out without Cassie had been a disaster. The girl had shit her pants and come back hours early to get changed, clearly drunk, slurring that she would put on some fresh underwear and go back to the party and then promptly passing out on her bed fully dressed.

But Lola just smirked. "I don't need to take a crap," she informed Cassie, "I'm not a baby. Thank you for your concern, though". She finished checking her make-up in the mirror, slung a scarf over her shoulder and went out into the hall. Cassie went back to studying- it was only a few more pages before she could finally get up and pee. She squeezed her thighs together a little tighter and kept reading.

###

It had long since been dark and cold outside by the time Lola finally returned to the dorm, but that was still several hours earlier than she'd told Cassie to expect. The heater in their room was turned on, but it only had two settings: off and furnace. A few hours after Cassie had given into the chill and flicked on their radiator, the place was like an oven, and Cassie was already starting to sweat. By now the sounds of cars honking outside had grown less frequent and eventually died out, just the way she liked it.

Cassie was in the middle of a greatly needed wank when her roommate got home. She liked to take her time to get warmed up, so while they both still sometimes got themselves off while the other person was in the room, Cassie liked to wait until she had the place to herself before she got started. The conditions were exactly the way she wanted them- silent, in an empty room, with nothing but the sound of the covers rustling and her own deep breathing to indicate that anything was alive in there at all.

With the duvet down around her waist to keep her boobs somewhat cool, Cassie was finally getting closer to the glorious moment she'd been waiting for most of the week. Her fingers moved around her pussy in frantic circles, pressing harder and harder on the clit. She closed her eyes and tilted her head back, jaw clenched-

And then the sound of a key in the lock cut stopped her in her tracks. She grabbed her sheet and yanked it back over her chest, orgasm all but forgotten. Seconds later a rectangle of light was flooding in from the hall and Lola walked in, very clearly drunk.

It took Cassie all of five seconds to piece together exactly what happened, just as soon as Lola turned around enough to make the bulge in the back of her pants clearly visible.

"Lola," she whispered, and her roommate jumped just as suddenly as Cassie had when she'd heard herself being walked in on.

"Hi," Lola said sheepishly, "I got bored at the party".

Cassie knew that Lola wasn't ashamed of shitting in her pants- she was just too stubborn to admit that Cassie had been right when she'd advised her friend to use the bathroom before leaving.

"Lola, I can see the bulge in your bum," Cassie said, stifling a yawn.

Lola huffed. "Fine, I pooped in my pants". She kicked off her shoes and crossed the room, and soon the bathroom light whirred into life over Cassie's shoulder.

"Why didn't you go when I told you to?"

"Because I didn't need to go then!" Cassie heard the zipper of Lola's dress coming undone, then fabric falling to a firm floor. "I only got desperate after we started the drinking, and there was a queue for the bathroom. Oh, and when it happened, I was just about to get this guy to take me up to his room. So I'm still as horny as a horny toad".

That gave Cassie a little more sympathy. She sat up in bed again, this time letting the blankets fall away and expose her boobs. The left had always been a little bigger, but with Lola she'd stopped worrying about them too much.

Her roommate was standing in the bathroom in a G-string packed with poop, trying to carefully peel it off her legs. As free as Lola had always been with her bodily functions, the woman had her limits, and apparently letting her shit smear down her legs was one of them. She stood with one leg on either side of the toilet, gradually lowering the waistband until she finally managed to upturn the gusset and dump her dump into the toilet bowl. The splash was so loud that Cassie wouldn't have been surprised if some water had gotten into the Spanish girl's bush. Then she wiped with toilet paper, complaining to herself about how it was too late to shower. It took a long time before Lola was clean enough to be satisfied. Cassie watched all this without saying a word.

She said goodnight to Cassie and climbed back into bed, and Cassie lay down to get to sleep too. Her crotch was still soaking. She tried to revive the wank silently, but the spark had died out. So she faced the wall, as she always did at night, and listened to the two women breathing, waiting for sleep to take her.

A long time passed in which nothing happened and nobody moved. Then, just as she thought she was finally drifting off, Lola said, "I'm sorry, Cassie, but I need to cum. This tension is too much. I can't sleep".

Cassie was surprised it had taken so long. "Knock yourself out," she said with a yawn, knowing that her friend hadn't really been asking for permission. She knew how powerful Lola's sex drive could get. When she really, really had to finish, she would do it. One night Lola had brought herself off in the bathroom of a pub, and then told Cassie the details with a grin later.

Soon Cassie could hear an unmistakable squelching, which she recognised well by now as the sound of Lola's labia rubbing together when she was really wet. Cassie never made that much noise- smaller lips, she supposed. Seconds later she heard Lola tossing the duvet out of the way. It landed on the floor with a noise just like the dress earlier, and the towel on the carpet before that.

There was one other way in which the two were polar opposites: Lola liked to moan while she touched herself. She moaned loudly. Cassie had never been vocal in pleasure, save for the odd squeak or whimper if something felt really good. But when Lola was having fun in the bedroom, she made sure that everyone in hearing range knew about it.

Masturbation was, with a few exceptions, the only time that Cassie ever heard her roommate speak Spanish. More specifically, she swore in Spanish. Cassie knew they were swear words because Lola had taught her one night, to explain exactly what she was screaming when she came.

Lola struck a high, long note, and Cassie knew that the moment had arrived. She knew that the people next door would assume someone was getting laid hard in their room.

When she'd finished, Cassie was left alone with just panting coming from the other bed. Soon it became deep breathing. Then it was silence. Then it was snoring.

Cassie got out of bed, turned off the heater and draped Lola's duvet over the sleeping girl again. She knew there was a good chance that Lola would wet the bed. She hadn't gone to the toilet before she fell asleep, which usually meant a soaked sheet in the morning. But Cassie didn't mind. She had other things to think about.

Like how, with Lola fast asleep, she could get the relief she wanted- and be as loud as she pleased.

