GOING THE EXTRA MILE

Author: owlman

*000*2016-05-09 12:16

THE EXTRA MILE

A fictional story about one womans life in a male dominated world

Alison was barely 25 years old yet she'd decided from an early age exactly what she wanted from life, and as she got older exactly how to get it. Already she drove an expensive car, lived in an appartment in one of the better parts of town and owned the type of clothes it would take most women a lifetime to aquire

She had taken a real gamble with her latest career move, the area she'd chosen was almost exclusively a male one, for some reason men seemed to doubt that a woman, any woman could do the job properly, Alison had gone into the world of procurement.

Any company needs to buy things, from pens for the office right up to components used to manufacture whatever it was that particular company produced. Most companies sought out their needs from a host of suppliers, the smarter ones used the services of a procurement firm. For a percentage fee, these firms would source everything you required, to your specifications, and very often cheaper than you could source them yourself. They paid the supplier and you paid them, one point of contact for everything from ordering, troubleshooting right through to payment. As you can see, for a large company this made perfect sense, one company instead of possibly hundreds meant no need to employ staff to keep track of everything, this way one or two staff were all that were needed.

She'd managed to get a job with one of the bigger firms in the area, apart from one or two secretaries the staff was all middle aged men and a lot of the business was done on the "old boy" network. Many of the men doubted that a woman could be capable of dealing with the technical details of some of the companies they dealt with, and it was for this reason that until now she'd been given only small accounts. Given that the staff were paid a percentage of the custom they brought in, she was not on a particularly good wage.

Armstrong Engineering was a client that the firm had been trying to win for a number of years but had never managed to sign up, and now once again the director had decreed that it was time for someone from the firm to make another pitch! None of the men wanted to waste time on what was seen as a dead lead and so they passed the job to Alison, the appointment had been made for her to meet George Armstrong at his factory at five pm that day, Alison was looking forward to the meeting but annoyed at it's lateness, she was supposed to be dining out that night with some friends.

Alison was an extremely attractive young woman, dressed in her smart grey skirt suit she always turned heads, although she only had small breasts, with her slim figure and glossy black hair that went halfway down her back she always drew a second look from the men, now put this together with a pair of high heels and long slender legs that seemed to go on forever and you can imagine the effect she had on most men.

It was a quiet day, Friday's always were, and mid afternoon she left the office and headed back to her appartment. It had ocurred to her over lunch that if she went home and changed into her evening clothes before she went to Armstrongs then she could go straight from there and meet her friends. She went straight into the bedroom and undressed, then into the shower, she dried herself off and sat naked in front of her dressing table as she dried her hair and carefully applied her make up.

She opened her wardrobe and scanned the rails deciding what to wear, something suitable for the meeting but also suitable for the club afterwards. Her eyes settled on a black sheer blouse, it was semi transparent and she had a particular bra top that she wore beneath it, along with this she picked a pair of expensive wet look pants and finally her black patent leather boots, they had a 4 inch heel and came just above her knees, feeling rather naughty she decided to forego the skimpy black panties she normally wore with those pants!

At five to five she entered the offices of Armstrong engineering and announced herself to the elderly woman on reception, who spoke into a telephone and then asked Alison to take a seat. Dead on 5 pm the phone rang and the receptionist answered it, "Mr Armstrong will see you now" she said to Alison rather stuffily and pointed to a door marked "private". Alison knocked on the door and a voice from inside called out "enter", Behind the desk George Armstrong was reading a letter from one of his customers. he hated visits from companies trying to persuade him to let them become his sole supplier, in fact he hated visits from anyone he hadn't personally asked to see, by giving them a 5pm slot he hoped they'd be in nd out as quickly as possible, nobody wanted to hang around after 5. He glanced up from the letter as he heard an umfamiliar clicking noise, Alison had entered the office and was heading towards his desk.

He blinked in disbelief as his eyes settled on a pair of shiny high heeled boots, following the boots upwards he eventually came to a pair of very tight very shiny pants that glistened in the light almost as though they were wet, his eyes carried on upwards taking in the sheer black blouse and the bra top that was clearly visible beneath, Her glossy black her and pretty face completed the perfect look.

He leapt up from behind his desk and stretched out his hand, "please have a seat, I'm Mr Armstrong, but you can call me George", Alison shook his hand "in that case George, you must call me Alison", he smiled and nodded. He pressed a button on his phone and within minutes the door opened and in walked the secretary with a tray with 2 cups of coffee on it, she placed them on the desk and turned to leave. "you may go now Miss Haversham, just lock the door on your way out and I'll see you in the morning, we've quite a bit to discuss and there's no need for you to stay". She nodded and left the office.

As they sat drinking their coffee and chatting, Alison noticed how George seemed mesmerised by her boots, he'd lean forward over the desk or drop a pen and spend a few moments trying to find it under the desk. Eventually she swung one leg over the other and began to make little circular movements with the pointy toe of her boot, George let out a little cough as he felt his cock twitch in his pants.

He explained to her his reluctance to hand over the purchasing for his firm to a company like hers as he felt that they wouldn't go the extra mile, after all it wasn't their firm so why should they bother over what might seem trivial things?Alison assured him that she'd be more than happy to go the extra mile for him. "would you Alison, would you really? it's one thing to say it but quite another to actually do it!" She nodded "oh yes George, every account matters to me and I'll do my utmost to see you are satisfied with the service I provide for you" He looked down at her long boots, "we'll see Alison, we'll see"

He picked up a small metal object from off his desk and handed it to her, she looked at it wondering what it was. "that small piece of metal in your hand only costs a couple of pounds, but without it the whole job stops" She nodded in acknowledgement "I see, so it's very important then".

"very important indeed, although most people wouldn't think so" he headed towards the office door, "here let me show you".

He led Alison along a corridor and into a vast production area, there were machines everywhere, some she recognised and some she didn't, the whole place ran on an assembly line "run out of that one little piece and the whole line stops, dozens of men stand idle and I start to lose money" he said pointing to the small object in her hand, He headed off up the factory and the clip clop of Alison's heels echoed in the silence.

"George" asked Alison " I was wondering, is there a toilet I can use please?" he nodded "follow me" they carried on walking through the factory for around 5 minutes, she was becoming rather desperate now, suddenly he stopped outside a door, the sign read "male changing" he pushed the door open and pointed inside "in here, there's nobody in here now only us so you'll be okay, unless that is you'd prefer to wait 'till we get back to the main office, there's a ladies toilet there". She tapped her boot on the floor and clenched her thighs together, "no this will be fine, besides I don't think I could wait that long"

They entered the room and passed a row of lockers, the tiled floor gave way to a large shower area and beyond it there was a row of cubicles, relief was only feet away. He stopped and turned to Alison, he stepped forward and ran his hand over the shiny material on her leg. "Amazing, totally dry yet they look so wet" he said with a smile, "well they won't be dry much longer" said Alison blushing. George gave a wicked smile "now that I'd love to see", she blushed again, "and you did say earlier that you'd do anything in your power to keep a client happy!"

She smiled and nodded, she knew what he was asking, "true, I did say that didn't I " she giggled, "oh yes and I think keeping your word goes a long way in business" he smiled and nodded. She knew what she had to do and began to relax, suddenly there was a hissing sound as she began to pee in her pants, a small puddle formed beneath her feet but most of it ran down her legs and into the tall shiney leather boots. George smiled "well Alison, it would appear you are indeed a woman of your word"

They left the changing room and after a short walk, during which time the squelching noise from her boots was clearly audible, they arrived back at the office, George sat behind his desk and Alison stood in front of it, he asked her to hand him the contract to look at, she did this and, placing both hands on the desk she bent over to watch him read it, after several minutes he nodded and placed the papers on the desk. "it all seems very satisfactory to me", she smiled back and replied "so we have a deal then?" he rose from his desk and stood behind her "almost Alison, almost, there's just a couple of minor points I want to clear up" She nodded in acknowledgement and suddenly realised that he was rubbing his hand across the rear of her pants.

"Now, point one, I will deal only with you, nobody else" She nodded again "no problem George"

"point two, I may require you to vist my factory at pretty short notice" Again she replied "no problem" he nodded "and finally point three, you must at all times be prepared to go the extra mile" again she nodded "naturally" she replied "I wouldn't have it any other way"

He smiled again, "good then we almost have a deal, don't we?" Alison made a startled sound as his hand began to explore the top of her leg around the boot, "almost?" His hand began to move slowly up her inner thigh and a finger probed the damp material between her legs. "oh yes, it all depends on the next 5 minutes" he replied with a chuckle. She could feel his other hand on her behind and he seemed to be feeling for something, after a few minutes he spoke " must be a thong you're wearing, I can't feel any panties" Alison blushed "actually I, m not wearing anything" she giggled "nothing at all?"he exclaimed, rubbing his hands across her bottom once again, "absolutely nothing" she replied.

The next thing Alison felt was a finger tracing it's way down between her bum cheeks, she jumped slightly as it found what it was looking for and she could feel the silky material being pushed against her anus, she relaxed slightly and the next thing she felt was a finger sliding in and out of her bottom, she parted her legs instinctively to allow it to enter further, George murmered to her "yes you like that don't you?" she bit her lip gently and nodded, she hoped his free hand would remain on her behind, if it strayed to her crotch he'd discover that his fingering of her anus had caused her to cum, and her crotch was very damp indeed.

George continued to slide his finger in and out of Alison's rear, he found it quite a turn on, the fact that he had a young lady bent over his desk and was pushing the material of her expensive pants in and out of her tight little bottom, his cock strained within his pants and he had a difficult decision to make, she was obviously willing to do anything to gain the contract, the question was, should he try and lower her pants and take her up her shapely arse or was there something more he could do to humiliate her and make her earn the contract?

He pushed his finger deep inside her as far as he could, and she let out a little gasp! "how does that feel, young lady, are you enjoying it?" he asked, "yes, but there's a problem" she repled somewhat coyly, "you see it's making me want a poo!" He removed his finger and smelt it, oh yes she needed a poo alright, there was also a tell tale stain on the part of the pants that had been pushed inside her.

"what would you say if I asked you to have one right now?" he asked, Alison thought for a moment, "right now? she asked, "yes right now, right now whilst you are bent over my desk".

"may I remove my pants? she asked, already knowing what the answer would be. "well I'd much prefer it if you didn't, you see you look so sexy in them and well I just think that watching you add, shall we say a little something to them would be very sexy indeed, you could say it's something I, ve wanted to see for a while"

Alison pulled up her pants until they were taught across her shapely bottom, "ok you're the boss, give me a minute then". George quietly unzipped his pants and pulled out his erect cock and began to wank slowly, a smile on his face. Alison tensed slightly and her bottom twitched, within seconds a firm load was causing the pants to bulge noticeably at the rear, a couple more pushes and there was a bulge about the size of a grapefruit straining in the back of her pants, George grunted once as he fired a load of hot sticky spunk onto the bulge, he then rubbed his cock against it. Alison stood up and pulled her sagging pants back up, George zipped up his pants and went around to the desk, he signed the contract and smiled, "for going the extra mile" and with that he led her to the door.

She headed back towards her car, her boots full of piss and a large bulge in the rear of her expensive pants, there was no way she could go out now, still the commision on the contract that she held in her hand made it very worth while, very worth while indeed.

THE END

