Blooper's Random Stories

Author: blooper

*000*2016-09-20 06:53

(Well, this is just a random story I wrote. Been playing one of my OCs again and wanted to write something about them. Would do something a bit more plot and character related but…council. Art for reference: https://www.dropbox.com/s/10d4een7p5zzp35/The%20Red%20Knight.jpg?dl=0

)

The Red Knight(Whom I will often be calling Red for simplicity.) was nervous. This was her first attempt at leading herself. She and Robin were pupils to the master tactician Travis, part of his four person squad that served the Omega and his goals. Normally he lead lead the squad on missions, his powerful control of the battlefield keeping them all alive. But as one of his two tacticians in training, she had to learn to do it as well. At least she couldn’t do worse than Robin, she figured. The man had destroyed his foes, but his leadership left a bit to be desired. He almost seemed to delight in throwing his units in situations they barely escaped, leaving the unit with six heavily injured soldiers, two lightly injured, and only two healthy. Robin had done most of the work himself, his physical protection rather than guidance keeping the soldiers from outright dying. She promised herself she would do better.

Today it was just her and the ten women that formed the mercenary group they were currently working with. Tyra, the elder blue dragon who opposed Tiamat for control of the chromatics, was off battling the mother of dragons. Her adopted daughter, Jill, originally Tiamat’s daughter and a massive red dragon who had taken the Red Knight’s master as her mate, was with her. She couldn’t help but feel jealous when she thought of the red. She had vied for her master’s attention before, but he did not seem interested in placing it on a student. Every time Jill kissed him, or greeted him with one of her powerful hugs, she burned with jealousy. All she got was friendly greetings and the usual advice.

Pushing her absent companions out of her mind for now, she turned to face her squad. They were lined up, geared up and ready to go. Scanning down the line of mercenaries, Red nodded in approval. “Alright ladies, here’s the plan. Our job is to destroy the shadow sources so the Omega can hold the zone. We’ve done this before, should be a routine job. I’ll be leading this time. I may not do as well as Travis, but I’ll do a better job than Robin did.” At that several of the women grinned.

“We’re ready when you are commander.” One of the mercs, Carissa, said. She was one of the more experienced woman, and wore heavy scale armor with a pair of battleaxes at her sides and long, light brown hair down to her shoulders.

The Red Knight nodded and concentrated. Her mind washed over the team, and she could feel all of their emotions, all of their conditions. She was the battlefield. The team turned and vanished in one concerted teleport, appearing on a field of semisolid shadow. Three glowing nexus’s floated above the ground around the area, and a variety of shadow creatures already stalked the ground. “Go!” she shouted into everyone’s minds, and they were off. Red felt her chess pieces flood onto the battlefield, spectral images of herself in different uniforms standing guard over her teammates and flitting about the battlefield, shadows of glowing red energy. First, she took stock of all her troops.

Carissa was at the vanguard, both axes drawn as she leaped upon a shadowy humanoid. Her axes tore into its essence with ease, the magical weapon tearing shadow like flesh. Right behind her was Diana, an exceptionally tall and supremely arrogant blonde. She wore heavy plate armor, but it barely seemed to slow her. “Try to keep up!” she shouted as she dodged past Carissa, bringing her greatsword to bear against the flank of a massive shadowy worm, a powerful blow driving into its flank. She could feel the warrior was…nervous!? and almost laughed aloud. Now that she was keeping everyone’s statuses, she could see Diana’s true colors. The warrior had already shit herself a bit as she waited for the battle to start, nervous about going into combat again after her serious injury under Robin. Stifling her laughter, she ignored the small lump in the blonde’s pants only she could sense and moved to the next merc.

Alesha was next to engage. She held a broadsword tightly in both hands, studded leather armor showing off her curves while giving a bit of protection to complement her mobility, long red hair flaring out behind her as she moved. She danced between the legs of a Titanic shadow, blade cutting out again and again. Once again, the enchanted equipment had a noticeable effect, gashes tearing in the flesh of the shadows legs. It seems her attempts to hamstring it simply wounded it more, however.

Anna spun forward after her, her glistening black crystal plate armor radiating fear, her brilliant red hair trialing out the bottom of her helm . It did little good against the shadows, however, and luckily didn’t affect her allies, so she simply resorted to bringing her massive hammer spinning around into the side of the nightmare worm’s maw, joining Diana in attempting to slay the beast.

A trio of women were next. Cyan, Cyril, and Cyrene. They all had matching short black hair, and each wore matching chainmail armor, the links glistening mithral. The shortest of them wielded two daggers, one glistening with fire and the other with cold. The middle sister wielded two scimitars, both hissing with acid. The last had a pair of green, glowing arms sprouting from her side, the psionic limbs supporting a pair of dual wielded greatswords that crackled with lightning and thunder, respectively. They moved in unison, the Cyrene, who stood almost as tall as Diana, let the Cyril take her shoulders. Cyan leaped onto hers in turn, and together they launched the smallest sister into the air, sending her crashing into a massive flying shadow. Her daggers dug deep, and she pulled, the best careening towards the ground into the other two’s reach, and they fell upon it.

Luna, an archer, stayed back beside the red knight, her white hair long down her back and her body protected by pure black leather armor, enchanted with stealth. It didn’t matter against the shadows, however, and she simply raised her bow and sent a shower of sparkling arrows flying towards another flying shadow, the trail a bright light in the darkness of the realm.

A pair of blue haired mages brought up the rear. Both wore their dark blue hair long down their back, dressed in matching red robes and carrying matching black staves. Only their eye colors differentiated, Mina’s eyes a bright green while Mila’s were a light brown. They unleashed waves of magic over the mercenaries, hastening their movements before opening up with spells of light and fire, the shadowy enemies immune to the more effective methods of magical disablement, paralysis and mind control. She could also feel Mila was desperately full and almost groaned. The mage should have gone beforehand if she was so desperate.

With everyone’s status accounted for, the whole train of thought taking only a moment, Red moved to engage. Energy flared to life around her, and her whole body glowed with red energy, her sword shifting from metal to pure energy in an instant. She advanced down the middle of the enemies, past her troops, and engaged another titanic shadow. Leaping into the air, powered by a flow of air, she struck its arm and cut clean through, severing the limb. She felt herself stabilize in the air, and rolled in midair, avoiding its other swinging arm. Pushing off of the air she lashed out with psionic power, a shadowy flyer coming at her falling to the ground in pain as she blasted it with a combination of psionic energy and magical fire.

Feeling the rush of both magic and psionics flowing full force through her veins, she casually raised her sword and caught the nightmare’s returning arm on it, severing it off and leaving the creature armless. Spurring forward in a burst of psychic emery, she drove her blade through its face, the massive monster dissolving into shadowy essence. With her free hand she raised a shield of arcane energy, catching the powerful cone of icy death launched her way and absorbing it into more energy. Emboldened, she leaped for a worm, but it dived into the ground. Turning, she raised her sword high, and brought it down with a brilliant flash of power, red energy engulfing one of the shadowy nexus’s and obliterating it. Her attention was tugged away for a moment, however, and she realized the perils of maintaining a collective with a group of warrior women.

Diana hacked away at the worm in front of her, Anna working on its opposite side and forcing it to keep turning in an attempt to catch ones of them. She was unprepared for the hand that reached down and grasped her. One of the giant shadows had flickered from its position across the shadowy field and appeared beside her. She felt her strength start to drain as its ghostly hand scooped her up in its giant grip, and she let out a scream of fear. Her body went limp and her bladder trembled uncontrollably, leak after leak of pee soaking into her undergarments. Dropping her greatsword, he quickly lost complete control, streams of urine soaking her legs and armor and falling from her, yellow streams cascading down from the giant’s grip. Red’s piece was there, however, and it phased through the giant’s hand, pulling her free and dropping her swiftly and safely to the ground.

The giant tried to attack, but roared in pain as a prismatic beam slammed into its side, knocking it backward in a dazzle of rainbow energy. Her bowels were trembling but under control, though she barely had time to breathe a sigh of relief and get her fingers around the hilt of her fallen sword before she looked up and yet out another girly, fearful shriek. The maw of the giant worm she and Anna had been fighting was bearing down on her. It looked badly injured but it was still going to eat her. She let out a mewling whimper more appropriate to a scared little girl than to her massive frame and desperately threw her hands in the way as fear coursed through her. A lout pbblltt sounded as she violently shit herself, dark mush flooding into her underwear and then into her armor as her body forcefully expelled its waste. The smell and sound were both awful and unmistakable.

Then end never came, however. Anna lunged forward, massive hammer cracking into the side of the worm’s head and sending it flying to the side, collapsing into a pile of shadowy essence and spiraling away. She turned to Diana, a slightly amused but sympathetic grin on her face, and held out a hand to help her up. Diana sniffled, wiping back the start of tears, and took her hand, letting Anna pull her to her feet. The black armored redhead patted the blonde’s back, and Diana composed herself to head back into the fray.

The Red Knight could feel the fear flowing through Diana, the release of her control. It was all she could to do keep control herself, groaning as she doubled over and pushed a small lump of poo into her formerly pristine red panties. Steeling herself, she fought off the rest of the mental assault and lowered her connection to the others a bit. Preparing herself for further attacks, she stood up again, wincing as the lump of poo moved around in her panties. She turned towards the second nexus and sprinted for it, but a shadowy spider the size of an elder dragon rose up in her way, and she skidded to a halt.

Her heart was pounding, and she felt a trickle of pee flow down her leg, this time not from someone else’s leak. Cursing under her breath, she watched as it raised its massive leg and took a swipe at her. She leaped forward, dodging the limbs blow and attaching herself to its side, running up the massive limb. When she neared the top, however, it brought another limb swinging up, and the spider’s blow hit her head on. The red energy around her flickered, her powerful barrier absorbing the blow. It faltered, but held fast, and the spider’s leg was deflected away with a screech of pain. The blow rocked her, however, and she could feel a distinct dampness in her panties telling her she had leaked more. Angrily raising her sword, she went straight for its head.

Her pieces were still defending the squad, but her lapse in control spread like a wildfire. It was a result of the connection that they hadn’t expected, with both Travis and Robin being male and immune to the overactive bodily functions women suffered in battle. Mila suffered the effects of Red’s leak first, doubling over with a grunt as she pushed a log into her panties. Her desperation was too much to contain with the sudden urge to release. “Mila look out!” Mina shouted as a massive shadowy bird dived towards her sister. Mina tackled Mila to the ground, clearing her from the bird’s path, but its shadowy claws snatched her up. Her bladder was already eager for release and a golden cascade fell down on her sister as Mina was scooped up.

Mila felt herself get thrown down and let out a pained sound, groaning as she pushed another log into her panties, involuntarily forcing more out with the impact. She was peeing now as well, desperate to get everything out. Her red robe was horribly stained, but she was shaken from her stupor when Mina’s pee soaked the upper portions of her dress. Concentrating, she forcibly pushed a third log into her panties, then looked up and cast a powerful spell, the shadowy bird turning to pure ice. Seeing that Mina was free, she bore down again, trying to finish wetting and messing her dress as quickly as possible. Everything pooled beneath her where she sat, and she realized this would be a bit too much of a mess for prestidigitation.

Mina landed on her feet beside Mila with grace, her feather fall spell gently setting her on the ground. She wrinkled her nose in disgust at her sister’s accident. “I told you you should have gone beforehand.” She scolded. From across the battlefield she heard a massive roar, and turned bright red as she let out a fearful whimper and a blast of hot, liquid mess. The back of her dress darkened, and with the roar, Red’s influence, and the sound of her sister messing herself beside her, she couldn’t hold it back. Another wave of hot muck sprayed out, overwhelming her panties and dress completely and dripping down her legs. She held a horrified expression as a noisy fart escaped her, and then another, longer burst of diarrhea exploded down her legs, liquid poo puddling beneath her as she continued to helplessly shit herself.

Luna ran, turning and firing a desperate arrow occasionally. With the others occupying the larger creatures, she found herself being swarmed by every single one of the tiny humanoids. Red’s chess pieces had intercepted many blows, but she had taken several, and she was getting tired. It seemed there was no end to these things. Suddenly, the swarm vanished. She paused, confused. Suddenly she heard a sound and turned. The whole swarm was behind her, using the same blinking some of the others had used. They were on her in an instant. She desperately removed her bowstring, slamming a few creatures back with her bow like a quarterstaff, but soon she was overwhelmed.

She felt her essence start to drain into the shadow and panic completely overtook her body. She looked up into the eerily grinning face of a shadow and helplessly lost all control. Pee soaked her black leather armor, not very noticeable but leaving every inch of her bottom soaked. The back bulged out as a large lump of poo forced its way into her tight armor, then more and more forced its way out, spreading along the back of her tight armor like a pancake. Her bottom and legs were soon coated with pee and poo as she felt all light fading, the shadows taking her. Just as her consciousness faded, she saw a bright light pierce the shadows around her.

Travis approached the fallen archer, smoking staff still in hand. There was no trace of the pure energy blast that had utterly annihilated the attacking shadows, but he still radiated an aura of power. Slinging the staff over his shoulder, he picked up the unconscious archer. “Just because I am not leading this fight does not mean I will allow anyone to be lost.” He said quietly, and vanished with a flicker of energy, taking the badly injured woman back to their base.

The triplets were fighting the remaining big monsters, the other four split off to head for the last gate. The three of them worked in perfect concert, elemental weapons cutting down giants, birds, and worms alike. They seemed untouchable, any hit that broke through tier formation being absorbed by a one of Red’s pieces, their leader still watching out for them. They struck down the last monster with satisfaction, the three of them hugging one another as the last normal monster fades.

Diana, Anna, Alesha, and Carissa joined together, cutting down one last worm from their path and heading for the last nexus. The last of the monsters fell behind them, and the Red Knight would end hers soon. As they neared, however, space rippled in front of them. A massive, six winged dragon, its head full of glowing red eyes and its mouth full of massive red fangs, tore its way into the demiplane. An aura of fear radiated off of it, and it let out a massive roar. Its arms moved in casting, and it lashed out at the triplets with a spell, then turned to face the terrified women before it.

Diana had enough when the fear aura hit her. Pee she didn’t even know she still had sprayed down her legs at the sight of the dragon, and a fresh burst of waste pushed its way into her armor, spreading the mess even further down her legs and ass. Her legs trembled and she teared up, and when the dragon roared she fainted dead away, bladder, bowels, and bravery exhausted.

Carissa faired a bit better, letting out a quiet whimper of fear and clamping down on her muscles as hard as she could, preventing a solid release. Her bladder, on the other hand, couldn’t be stopped, and her tight armored pants echoed with a hiss as she forcefully and fearfully emptied her bladder into them. She stood frozen with fear as she peed herself like a frightened child, whimpering. As the stream died down, the veteran fighter collected herself and advanced towards the massive dragon.

Alesha clamped down on her bladder, forgetting about her bowels, the opposite of Carissa. She let out a pained, involuntary groan as the first soft mass pushed its way into her panties, quickly followed by a wave of brown sludge, then another mass and another. She trembled as Carissa did, shitting herself in terror. She was at least spared the childish whimpering thanks to her pained groans. When the dragon roared, her hold on her bladder faltered, and piss sprayed down her legs, studded leather darkening. She looked up, meeting the dragons eyes, and fell to her knees, helpless in the face of its fearsome gaze. Her bladder was going full force now, along with her bowels, and the stench was terrible as she emptied herself into her armor, entirely humiliated and helpless, unable to continue the fight.

Anna fared better than her comrades, at least. Her armor reduced the impact of fear on her along with its other effects, and she leaked for a moment, the front of her panties dampening and the back of them browning slightly, but she held it together. Hammer in hand, she shook her head to clear it, then followed Carissa towards the dragon, hoping her other two companions would be okay.

It swooped down to meet them, its shadowy form dwarfing them a hundredfold. It released a massive cone of blue fire, but a pair of Red’s pieces stepped in the way, the ones dressed as bishops, and they dispersed the fire to either side, leaving the pair unharmed. Anna could swear she heard a “Tsk” from the dragon. It descended, and its claws reached out, grabbing at the pair. Carissa activated her ring, and teleported out of the way. Anna tried to dodge, but there was no way she could. The claw was just too big. The dragon scooped her up, and seeing Carissa reappear, sent his massive tail spiraling towards her.

She looked up too late, and it hit her full on in the stomach, and the rest of her really. The loudest fart yet was heard from the veteran merc as her mess was quite violently forced out of her. One instant her pants were clean, in another they were sagging heavy with foul mess. A full load, enough to make her armored pants sage with a bulge the size of a baseball or two, was pushed out in an instant. Forced by the impact and lubricated by fear, she humiliated herself in less than a second. She went flying across the battlefield, landing in an unconscious heap.

Anna looked up at the dragon in horror as it drew her closer to its maw. She felt her muscles trembling, fear slowly gaining ground. As it opened its jaw her bladder opened involuntarily, and the inside of her pristine armor soaked through, the crystals lack of joints causing the pee from her impressive bladder to pool at the bottom of her feet and climb up her legs as she filled the inside of her tight armor with warm, liquid fear. As she entered the darkness of its maw, she felt the edge of a sharp tooth brush her and closed her eyes. Her stomach rumbled, and despite her best efforts, the shadowy, deadly feel of its tooth was enough.

She pushed a wave of soft mess into her underwear, then another. More and more soft, firm mess filled her panties, spreading out and coating the inside of her armor in poop. She shook with fear until she finished messing herself, then wondered why she wasn’t dead. Opening her eyes, she saw herself outside the dragon’s mouth, and it was grinning at her. It gently set her down on the ground, and she fell onto her butt in a daze with a splat, only making the mess worse. What was going on?

The three twins had just enough time to celebrate their victory before they were thrown into their own illusionary horrors.

Cyan found herself in a pit of snakes. The effect was almost immediate. The youngest sister who had a crippling fear of snakes curled up into a ball and sobbed. She didn’t even try to stop herself as she peed full force into her chainmail skirt, soaking her panties and the cloth that guarded her legs from the mail, the puddle spreading over her and soaking her entirely as she hid in a ball of her own piss. Her bowels luckily didn’t hold much, and she quickly pushed a large stool into her underwear, but it was able to contain everything.

Cyril found herself looking at a pair of skeletons she quickly recognized as her sisters. Tears stung her eyes and she rushed over to them. “Nonononono! I can’t be!” she whispered tearfully. When she reached them, she knelt down, and let out the loudest shriek of fear yet. The skeletons eye sockets were filled with spiders, her worst fear. Falling back on her bottom, she desperately scrabbled away, leaving a trial of pee behind as her bladder released into her panties and clothes. She managed to make it to the corner of the room, a large trial of pee showing her path across the room. She realized her butt was completely smeared with poop, having involuntarily released everything the instant she saw the spiders. Her capacity wasn’t much greater than Cyan’s but she had dragged it everywhere. Her armor would take hours to clean and her clothes were likely unsalvageable. But at least she was away from the spiders.

Cyrene found herself facing her worst fear as well. She found herself in the water. She desperately tried to swim upwards, but her armor was too heavy. She tore at it desperately, but it would not come off. Her oxygen drained quickly with her panic, and soon she was choking, trying to scream as horror completely overtook her. She lost all consciousness as her bladder and bowels emptied at the same time, the water around her yelling and her soaked clothes staining. The back of her armor bulged out immensely, her garments unable to hold her considerable mess back, the clothes and panties horribly stained brown as soft mess drippled down the back of her legs.

Back in the real world, the triplets were position as in their illusions, Cyan curled up in a ball, Cyril sat on her messy bottom, and Cylene laying on her back. Eventually, the illusion faded, and the younger two sisters woke to their unconscious and extremely messy older sister. They moved over to her, and with combined effort, lifted her.

The Red Knight fought the giant spider as she felt her soldiers crumbling around her. Cursing silently in her head as her attention was drawn to a hundred different places defending them, she cut deep into the spider. The sudden release of so many shook her a moment later however, and she feel, clutching the bottom of her skirt in desperation and also to prevent it from flaring up. Another, slightly larger lump was forced into her panties, and she no longer had any concentration left. She wished she could yell at him, wished she could kill this thing and end it… The other nexus exploded behind her, and she resigned herself to focusing her attention on holding it and freeing the illusioned women.

The now larger bulge in her panties was uncomfortable but she could handle it. Her spell carried her gently to the ground, and she banished the illusion on the triplets. She turned upwards, wincing as the spider advanced on her overworked form and raised a leg to crush her. A few streams of pee trailed down her legs, but she knew her ward would protect her. A moment later, however, the massive dragon crashed into the spider, sending it crashing to the ground like a collapsing titan and tearing into it with furious teeth, claws and wing buffets. At least he was helping now.

Gathering herself, Red made her way to the last nexus, raising her sword and unleashing another pulse of red, pure energy. Corona, her sword, struck again, and the nexus shattered. The shadowy nature of the plane faded, returning to the harmless demiplane it had once been. Sheathing her sword, she let out a sigh of relief. “At least I made it through relatively clean.” She said aloud to herself. She was still shaky from everyone else’s release, but she had made it.

“Boo!” she heard from behind her, and let out a loud squeak. Her weakened bladder gave out and a waterfall of yellow streamed down between her legs, soaking her red panties thoroughly and puddling beneath her, thankfully leaving her skit and legs untouched. Her bowels forced another lump into her panties, then another, and soon the bulge forced them out to their full extent, not quite enough to peak down below her skirt but sizable. Striking out behind her, she spun and punched the giant of a man standing behind her, grinning. Her fist, even charged with energy, didn’t seem to do much, but he winced, a rare sign of pain from the giant of a man. Somewhat satisfied, she growled at him. “What the hell was that about, Robin!? I had this under control, we had it won! And then you had to go and take out the rest of my soldiers!? Are you just jealous I was doing better than you!?”

Robin couldn’t contain a chuckle, putting his hand on the average sized woman’s head and easy task for the seven foot tall half giant. “Perhaps. Perhaps the master just wanted me to amuse him.”

Red blushed hotly, but she knew Robin was teasing her. He knew of her affection, and its lack of return. She didn’t need his teasing right now. Shaking her head, she retorted. “Maybe you just wanted a show. It doesn’t matter I suppose, as long as master realizes how well we would have done without your intrusion.” They both knew he didn’t interfere for his own desires. He was willing to amuse others tastes but he wouldn’t go out of his way for it. But it was the only defense she had. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to go gather up the army that you threw all over the battlefield.” She added with a huff. Turning, she let out an eep as she felt Robin;s hands grab her legs and back and scoop her up.

“Travis is taking care of that.” He told her. “I’m to take you back.”

“Let go of me you big oaf!” she shouted in indignation, punching uselessly at his shoulder. He turned away from the scene and she slumped against his shoulder, basking in the warmth of his body as they left the cold, shadowy plane.

“You did a wonderful job.” Travis told her, smiling. She had just returned from the plane with Robin, slipping out of his grip and going to meet Travis while the others cleaned up. She shifted uncomfortably in her messy panties, though she knew there was no trace of her accident visible. The energy around her kept the smell from escaping. She liked to keep her accidents secret, especially when they were intentional or prolonged.

“You defended the squad in an exemplary manner, and still fought well yourself. You did, however, fail to keep Luna well-guarded. Dedicate someone to that next time, had I not interfered you would have lost her.” His voice was the same monotone no matter which part he was delivering, which was a bit creepy. “You did much better than Robin, at least. If not for his interference that would have gone off well. Congratulations, Red Knight. You have earned the right to lead your own squad.”

Red beamed with pride. For once, she was flooded with happiness. This was her goal. She was affirmed as good enough, as strong enough, to be a commander in the Omega Watch. It was an exhilarating feeling. It was missing one thing, however. She wished he would reach over, grope her bottom through her skirt like he always did with Jill. Anything. But there was nothing but a sense of pride over her accomplishment, pride of her growth. Nothing more emotional than that. And while she was happy, excited, she was also forlorn. “Thank you, commander.” She managed, keeping her voice as formal as possible. Bowing her head in farewell, she left the room.

Robin was waiting outside the door, joining her in her walk the instant she exited. “Jealous?” she asked.

“Hardly.” Robin replied, rolling his eyes. “You were always better at leading. An exemplary performance indeed. Just one little flaw.” His hand reached under her skirt, groping her messy ass.

“Pervert! Jerk!” she shouted, shoving him away and protectively covering her butt.

He laughed once again, raising his hands defensively. “I was just pointing it out. None of your squad noticed.” Putting his arm around, her started leading her towards her quarters as she pouted. “I…think I understand how you feel. Sorry about that. Are you going to be alright?”

She was silent for a moment. “I’ll have to be, won’t I?” Robin was aware of her longing, the only one here who was. He had comforted her when there was no one else, and while neither of them thought there was more than close friendship between them, she needed something to distract her. And often, he needed something to distract him. He had his own issues. “Just…maybe come with me, alright?”

He nodded and pulled her close, petting her hair as the pair entered her quarters. He didn’t know if she meant as someone to cry on or for something more intimate, but he would support her regardless. Sometimes he wondered if his master knew, or cared. Of course he knew, and of course he cared. So what game was he playing?

(If anyone is up for rping in this setting by the way I’d be up for it. PM, I have some ideas if you don’t. And of course, comments and criticism. My proofreading is lazy and my writing is shaky so I need all the help/support I can get. And I swear the other two parts of Kagero story are coming.)

$$

*001*2016-12-21 03:52

Princess Valentine

So this is a bunch of little short stories based around one of the main characters of the Fire Emblem Requiem hack, Lady Valentine. They’re all pretty short, but together they make a decent enough sized story. And all of you who play Fire Emblem stuff should go check out Requiem. It’s easy enough to find, just google it and click on the Serene’s Forest page. The game is fantastic and as one of the few completed hacks I highly recommend it. Plus Val is best lord <3

First Command

“Andrei!” Valentine called but her brother had already rushed off towards the battlefield. “Damnit…why is he always so reckless.” she muttered to herself, taking off after her brother. She was still excited, still nervous. A short time ago, her father had finally given her what she wanted: a position of command in the army. Now, there was an attack coming from Bran’s forces on several sides and she was to command this side. It would be her first official command, and she couldn’t mess this up after demanding it for so long. Her brother, the one charging ahead of her, was more of a frontline fighter, and had never wanted the responsibility of a leadership position. She envied him a bit for that, but she couldn’t dial down her excitement about finally being given command.

Finally, she arrived at the temporary command center, doubled over and panting. Running in heavy armor took a lot out of someone. Even worse, the attack had been sudden and she realized she needed to make use of a chamber pot, in more than one way. But she couldn’t think about that now. She immediately began shouting orders, forming soldiers into units and getting people into position as the enemy forces approached over the horizon. In the grand scheme of things it was a small skirmish but Val felt right at home, shouting orders and running battle plans through her head, the rush of command filling her.

The enemy forces quickly approached, and Val and Andrei moved up to the front of their forces in anticipation. Val’s eyes scanned the enemy forces, noting mostly bandits and brigands, easy kills for the Olvan army soldiers. At their head, however, was a knight dressed in heavy armor that would prove troubling for most of their units, save Andrei and his impressive strength combined with his secondary weapon: along with their standard issue swords, Andrei carried a sword designed to pierce heavy armor and Val carried one designed to break lances. Also among the enemy was an archer, a blonde girl who looked like she had no place on the battlefield, and a cleric, a blue haired woman dressed in pure white, solemnly standing near the back of their forces. When they arrived close enough, Val pushed her red hair out of her face, took a deep breath, and shouted “Attack!”

Andrei needed no encouraging, and charged forward gripping his blade in both hands. Olvan horseman joined his charge, the army’s archers staying back but opening fire on the opposing forces. The heavily armor knights moved forward a bit but stayed relatively back to defend the archers. The enemy bandits charged as well, meeting the army’s assault. Val followed after the cavs, watching the front row of bandits get impaled on lances, Andrei blocking their axe swing with the side of his greatsword, bracing it with his other hand, before stabbing the weapon into the bandit.

He quickly withdrew it and engaged the next line, the cavaliers drawing swords from scabbards and engaging as well. Val moved up beside them, her lighter sword flashing out, quick and deadly, stabbing bandits in the limbs and chest while she sidestepped any retaliatory attacks. An arrow narrowly missed her head, its approach having gone unnoticed as she slew a bandit with a quick stab, and she was too engrossed in the battle and shouting orders to nearby Olvan units to notice the slight dampness in her panties where she leaked at such a close miss.

The enemy forces were quickly driven into disarray between the swordsmen and their supporting archers, and Valentine kept her soldiers pressing forward. She spotted the lone enemy archer who had almost hit her with an arrow and decided to deal with her. Stepping forward, she left a bloody trail of bodies behind her as several men tried to shield the archer, the red haired commander cutting them down in rapid succession as they proved no match for her skills. The blonde archer looked on in horror, slowly retreating backwards, her hands shaking so much she dropped the arrows she was trying to load into her bow, a telltale hissing heralding the cascade of golden urine that flowed down her legs in fear, soaking her tight shorts.

Val approached, her sword lashing out and knocking the girl’s bow from her hand, then bringing it back around to the girl’s neck. The archer fell back with a shriek, tears welling in her eyes, and began to plead “I surrender, please don’t hurt me!” There was a crackling sound, likely audible only to Val, and a terrible smell came from the girl. The young blonde crying was too much for Val, and she nodded. “You are a prisoner.” She called for a knight to approach, and in a moment one lumbered up. “Make sure she has no weapons, then take her as a prisoner. I will question her later.” The heavily armored man nodded, reaching down to take the enemy blonde by her arm and lifting her up, leading her away from the fight. Val wrinkled her nose at the smell, turning away from the obvious brown bulge in the archer’s shorts as she was led away. That girl was a disgrace, she had no place on the battlefield acting like that.

Val turned, seeing Andrei engage the cleric with a look in his eye that clearly showed he found the blue haired woman attractive. Perhaps he planned to take advantage of her as a prisoner, because his attacks were rather unforceful, the cleric desperately blocking with her staff and managing too. She was still driven back, however, and her white robe was quickly stained with golden liquid as she fearfully defended herself. Finally, Andrei brought his sword down with enough force to split her staff in two, and she stumbled back with a whimper, looking up at him with fearful eyes.

She started to say something, but first let out an involuntary grunt as she fearfully and helplessly began to relieve herself in her pants, pushing log after log of poo into her blue panties, which were now revealed through her soaked dress. Taking a moment to regain her voice, she protested, “Please, I have information for your commander…don’t kill me.” Andrei nodded, giving her a grin before picking up the cleric bodily and carrying her off towards the back ranks.

Rolling her eyes, Val stepped back and assessed the situation. Everything seemed to be going smoothly, although they would wait for Andrei to return before pressing the armor knight’s position. Suddenly, she heard the beat of wings and a wyvern came crashing down from the sky, right into their back lines. Archers scattered everywhere, one torn in half by the dragon’s maw and another impaled on its rider’s lance. Val stood paralyzed with fear for a moment, staring in horror. A dragon rider! Her aunt had told her anyone strong enough to tame a dragon was powerful indeed, and she had no business fighting them. Her legs trembled, and with a whimper she couldn’t help but wet herself, her full bladder soaking her exposed legs in a waterfall of pee as she stared at the dragon rider decimate her archers, unable to act. The knights turned and tried to deal with him, but he seemed to have little trouble penetrating their armor with a lance from atop dragonback, driving back the knights as well.

When the pee finally stopped running down her legs, Val pulled herself together with a growl. She couldn’t lose her first battle, especially not to one man! She didn’t care about Josie’s warning against fighting dragon knights. Drawing her lance breaking sword, she charged with a shout. The dracoknight turned, and if he wasn’t wearing a mask his face would have shown recognition and surprise. Instead, all that happened was he hesitated, and Val brought her blade down, shattering his lance and cutting into his arm.

The wyvern reared up and Val fell back, the dragon’s action causing chilling fear to fill her once again, and the redhead forced a small, soft lump of poo into her underwear, the trembling returning. The dragon lowered itself and the man had a new lance in hand. Val desperately raised her lancebreaking blade, but the new lance was designed in such a way to counter axes and lancebreaking blades and in return his lance came down and shattered her sword. Val let out a whimper of fear and pushed another soft lump of poo into her panties, then lost complete control, wave after wave of soft mush involuntarily being forced into her underwear, her entire body shaking with fear as she stared up, weaponless, at the dragon rider.

She refused to give up, however, and she saw her opening. Leaping onto the side of the dragon and drawing her sword, she stabbed out, the new lance the rider had too weighty and unwieldy to block her blow, and her blade pierced his side. He coughed up blood, letting his lance fall to the side. His dragon roared but a hand from him calmed it. “I surrender. “ He managed, slumping over against Val. The redhead called for a cleric, blushing as she realized she was atop a dragon in such a way someone could look up her skirt and see her soiled underwear and quickly jumped down, leaning the man against his wyvern’s neck. A cleric quickly arrived, and she turned her attention to the last remaining forces.

Seeing Andrei return, she called, “Finish them off!” the remaining cavaliers and Andrei moved up, driving back the last forces before Andrei drew his secondary sword and made short work of the knight. Val desperately tried to compose herself, no longer trembling. The remains of her first accident had dried now, and the smell of her second one was mixed in with the strong smell of death that filled the battlefield. None of the other women on the battlefield had fared better in that regard either, so she hoped her accident would go unnoticed. If anyone found out…thinking of her reaction to the archer’s accident earlier, Val felt her face go as red as her hair and revised her opinion, walking carefully back towards the temporary command center so as not to spread her mess around worse than it already was.

Slaying the Son

Val stood at the head of the makeshift strategy table, looking over the map displayed upon it. It showed the layout of the fortress, and where enemy troop placements were expected. The area itself was immensely foggy, so they had to plan their movements carefully. Communication between units would be next to impossible, and they wouldn’t spot the enemy until the enemy had engaged them. This would be one of their most important fights, the enemy forces lead by Bran’s son Matthias, one of the two remaining leaders of the forces opposing the Olvan army and its allies. Kane, the one of the former Emperor’s sons and if she had it her way, her future husband, stood behind her, a small smile on his face as he watched her deep in thought.

The redhead was torn out of her thoughts, however, when a voice came from the entrance to the tent. “E-excuse me, can I come in?” Turning, Val didn’t recognize the voice and placed her hand on the hilt of her sword, Rose’s Thorn, just in case. “Go ahead.” She replied. The tent flap opened and Thelma, the most recent addition to their army enter. Thelma was a powerfully built woman, on par with Andrei. She was the only remaining heir to the throne of another country, one Bran had destroyed, but she hadn’t been brought up for the role, and felt she wasn’t ready for such a task. When she joined, she hadn’t realized the people she fought alongside was the future king and queen of Olva, and perhaps of even more of the world. Now, she wanted a proper introduction, but nerves were getting the better of her.

She cursed herself for stuttering as she entered, and she felt like she was barely in control of her muscles as she approached Val and offered her hand to shake. “My name is Thelma. You already know my heritage, but we never were properly introduced, Lady Val.” Thelma couldn’t help it, her gaze strayed to the slight cleavage Val’s uniform dressed exposed, then to the redhead’s long white legs, barely covered by the short skirt of her uniform. She was so pretty… The black haired woman was so nervous and entranced she didn’t even notice the warmth that had already started flowing down her legs as her complete loss of anything resembling control of her muscles took its toll on her full bladder and began soaking her tight grey pants.

Val couldn’t help but giggle as Thelma lost control in front of her. She was so cute! The redhead shot a questioning glance at Kane, who took a moment to register what she wanted and gave her a resigned nod. Val’s grin grew even wider, and she turned back to the dazed princess. She pressed forward, pushing Thelma up against the wall of then tent, and fiercely brought her lips to the hero’s. Her hands first groped the more muscled woman’s firm breast’s, then moved down lower, one hand reaching into her pants and beginning to rub Thelma through her wet panties as the hero continued to wet herself. The other one pressed against the hero’s stomach expertly, and the woman was in no condition to control anything. Her bowels followed her bladder, and Val’s hand reached around to Thelma’s bottom, groping it as she pleasured the hero through her wet and now messy panties.

Thelma was completely unprepared for the assault of sensations she suffered. It just started to dawn on her she was wetting herself when the queen forced her against the wall, kissing and groping her. She was immediately filled with ecstasy, unable and unwilling to resist at all. A moment later she groaned as her bowels were forced to evacuate, soft, wet mush pushing its way out and filling her smallclothes, forming a soft casing around the contours of her body as it spread upwards and outwards, escaping from the top and bottom of her panties and beginning to fill her pants with wet mush as well. Thelma couldn’t bring herself to care at all, however, the pleasure coursing through her as Val fingered her as she wet and messed herself was too much. It wasn’t long before she rocked with an orgasm, her dazed body finally collapsing and consciousness fading.

Valentine lowered Thelma gently to the ground, panting herself. She could feel the clinging wetness in her panties after that show, and she carefully left the hero on the ground and moved over to Kane.

“Lady Valentine....” the knight said, his voice hesitant. “I am still not sure how I should take that.”

“Kane, you have nothing to worry about.” Valentine replied. “You have my heart, and more importantly right now, something that other women cannot provide me.” To press her meaning, Val rubbed up against him with a soft whimper.

Kane smiled slightly, nodding. “I suppose I see your point, my lady. Let me help you with that.”

The next day, a recovered Thelma stood beside Kane’s horse, which carried both its owner and his beloved. The rest of their forces were moving up with them, and things were going smoothly so far. The rest of the contingent included Andrei, another male hero(Jace) and berserker(Hawke), Kieran, the wyvern knight they had captured so long ago, a pair of orange haired female twins, Claire and Gemma, a mounted healer and pegasus knight respectively, and the cleric from the same earlier battle, Katarina, now the likely future wife of Andrei. Emilia, a brown haired and attractive rebel soldier that had joined forces with them fought as well. Laraya, the queen of another country that joined their forces, distinguished by her long green hair and masterful swordsmanship. Lastly, Ash, Valentine’s younger brother, and Alicia, his own lover, joined them. The pair were mages, Ash a dark magic user and Alicia a more traditional elemental mage.

They dispatched the enemy forces with practiced ease, eventually making their way into the inner stronghold of the castle. Then everything went wrong. As they approached the throne room, the gallop of hooves was audible on the keep’s floor, and Val and her forces turned to see a squad of paladin’s charging them, their deadly brave lances sparkling in the torchlight. “Everyone, prepare to receive charge, now!!!” Val shouted. There was barely time to react, but her forces moved, forming up.

Mid movement, however, eight heroes and four sages became visible in the middle of their formation, and swords, axes, and fireballs lashed out everywhere, the formation crumbling. Even worse, she could hear the doors to the throne room opening, signaling Matthias’s impending arrival. “Kane, take us to head off the paladin’s! Andrei, you’re with us! Claire, Gemma, Katarina, Ash, deal with the sages! The rest of you hold off the heroes! Everything had been going so well, but now it was all falling apart.

Kane moved like lightning, his horse tearing across the field and intercepting one of the charging paladins, his shining silver axe lashing out and dislodging the man from his horse, a second blow severing his head with ease. Andrei moved to engage a pair of them, his personal weapon, a massive flamberge, set to receive a charge and piercing through one o the men’s horses, and the man’s heart as well. The other slammed his lance into Andrei’s armguard twice, knocking the hero back. Andrei drew a silver sword, his flamberge stuck in the other horse, as the mounted man drew out his own silver weapon. Scrambling to his feet, the prince engaged the mounted knight in a furious clash of silver.

The last paladin managed to successfully charge his target, and Claire let out a scream of fear as a brave lance slammed into her horse, knocking it asunder, the second blow spearing her out of the air with deadly accuracy. She fell back, bleeding heavily. She looked up at the knight, eyes wide with fear. Pee began to puddle beneath her, soaking her thin robes as she helplessly pissed herself, the warmth little comfort as the man’s lance stabbed out once again. She closed her eyes and desperately threw her hands up, but she knew she was doomed and there was nothing she could do to stop the fearful evacuation of her bowls, soft mush forcefully making its way into her smallclothes and filling them to the brim.

Val saw the last horseman’s charge and leaped off the back of Kane’s horse, drawing her personal weapon, the Rose’s Thorn. She could do nothing to stop the first pair of impacts, but as the knight reared back for a second blow, she took her sword in both hands and drove it into his back, hard. The man slumped over on his horse, lance falling limply from his hand, dead. Valentine let out a sigh of relief, seeing Claire would survive, at least for the moment.

The initial assault from the heroes and sages took several members out of commission immediately. A hero slammed his silver axe into Alicia’s side, and the mage stumbled back against the wall, clutching her bleeding side. Her bladder and bowels had already begun emptying themselves, her frail body unable to focus on anything but staying alive, desperately applying a salve as she completely soaked her robes, her black lace panties totally ruined between the eruption of pee and the rapidly expanding mushy bulge exploding from her rear. Ash retaliated in anger, tendrils of dark magic reaching out and grasping the enemy hero. Her face contorted in fear, and her bladder and bowels reacted similar to Alicia’s, her tight pants darkening and bulging out at the back as Ash’s magic squeezed the life out of her.

Another of the axe wielding heroes was taken out before he could do anything, the berserker eagerly taking to his orders and planting his killer axe directly in the man’s back, not even giving the hero a chance to strike anyone. Thelma reacted similarly, her own silver axe taking another enemy hero’s head clean off with a single swipe, her powerful muscles straining to perform a clean cut.

Gemma and Katarina were the only ones of the four told to take on the sages that succeeded on their task. Gemma took a lightning bolt to the face, but the magic resistance of the Pegasus mostly negated its sting, and she drove her half moon headed spear into the mage’s chest. Katarina unleashed a powerful hammer of divine magic, efficiently counterspelling the sage’s attempted fireball and neatly squishing the offending man’s head in with the divine hammer.

Gemma turned her attention to the next mage, who fired off several bolts of lightning. The girl managed to resist the first two, but the third sent a shock fully coursing through her body, and let out a moan of pain as the lighting caused her bladder to release, the flanks of the pegasus staining yellow as pee flowed down both its side form its rider. Its wings still moved, however, and Gemma was propelled forward into the sage, once again piercing them with her lance.

This one came prepared, however, and a contingency spell lashed out at Gemma, lighting bonds wrapping around her entire body and electricity coursing through all of her. She let out a piercing scream of pain, slumping against her pegasus as she convulsed, her hands no longer gripping the lance impaled in the sage in front of her and her bowels no longer holding back the flood of diarrhea that flowed from her rear, her panties, leggings, and the side of her mount turning completely brown as pure liquid mess flowed out of her, getting everywhere and causing a horrible mess as she convulsed.

Katarina cleanly dealt with the first of her two sages, but the second saw her expertise in magic and chose a different route. The woman moved up behind Katarina while she finished off the first sage, drawing a dagger and putting it to Katarina’s neck, grabbing her in a hostage position. “Drop the tome.” She told her.

Katarina let out a strangled gasp as she was grabbed, and the feeling of cold steel on her neck was too much. Her bladder and bowel controls collapsed at once, and she felt like a child as pee soaked her white dress, once again exposing her panties to the outside world. With a groan several firm logs followed suit, tenting out her panties and straining their limits as she forced more and more hard poo into her smallclothes.

Suddenly, the steel was gone, knocked aside by the tip of a lance. The sage turned to look, and felt herself scooped up in the claws of a large wyvern. Looking up at its gaping maw in terror, it opened its mouth and roared. She let out a fearful scream and lost control of everything as the wyvern reached down and bit her head off. Katarina felt the shower of pee, soaking the bishop’s own robes and exposing her bra as well, much to her dismay. She looked up in time to see the back of the sage’s robes turn dark brown, then the body be tossed aside by the wyvern. Kieran gave her a nod, pointed towards Claire, and took off again. Pulling herself together, the cleric rose, blushing fiercely at the completely ruined state of her clothes and picking up her tome, drawing a staff from her back and moving to heal the badly injured Claire.

Laraya spun as the hero’s appeared, and she dealt with one of the axe wielding heroes as well, silver blade slamming again and again into the man until he fell, all her strikes in the blink of an eye. All her speed didn’t help her, however, as a pair of heroes came in from either side, grabbing her and tearing her robe wide open, leaving her green bra and panties exposed. She let out a shriek, but one slammed his blade into her sword arm, rendering it useless. The other grabbed her by the shoulder and lifted her.

Her mind completely failed, the proud queen blubbering with fear as she was exposed and disabled before two brutes, her panties immediately soaking in liquid fear as her bladder gave out. Her bowels forcefully pushed soft, watery mess into her panties, and the back of her legs quickly became covered in watery trails of mess, her panties unable to contain the mess and sagging beneath it, the insides of her legs glistening with pee and poo. Thankfully, Jace appeared on one side and Kieran swooped down on the other, sword and spear respectively punching through a hero’s armor and slaying them. Laraya fell to the ground with a whimper, unable to do anything besides cower in fear. None of them had time to be disgusted with the queen, however, as the doors to the throne room opened and Matthias exited.

Emilia was locked in combat with another pair of heroes, her spear dancing between them as she parried blow after blow. Thelma’s axe crashed into one’s back, and without that one’s support, Emilia easily dispatched the other one with quick spear work. A little to the side, Hawke crushed the last hero to a bloody pulp, his body now covered in sword wounds but seemingly undaunted.

Matthias advanced into the room, and was immediately met with a charging dragon. Artifact sword still held in one hand, he drew a tomahawk with the other, expertly tossing the axe and slamming it right into Kieran’s lance shoulder, forcing the man to drop his lance and call off his attack. Jace and Hawke leaped at him, but he slapped them both back with ease, working the artifact sword like lightning. Both men collapsed in a heap. Emilia cam at him next, brave spear jabbing out rapidly.

She managed to spark a few strikes off his armor, cracks starting to appear in it, before his sword jabbed straight through her chest. She stumbled back, looking helplessly down in the hole in her chest, all control lost in a rush of fear and pain. Her tight leather leggings were soaked with pee, pooling in her metal boot and rising up in her thin metal armor. Her bowels violently emptied themselves, soft mush sagging out the back of her panties and pressing against her tight leggings and armor, spreading out and slowly coating the entirety of her legs. Ash, having treated Alisha, rushed to her side, staff glowing with healing.

Kane started to charge past Val but the redhead stopped him. “He’s mine!” she growled, and the knight reluctantly backed off. Drawing her brave sword, Val lunged at him, moving even faster than Matthias. His weakened armor gave way, and she cut him again and again, blood flowing from multiple wounds across his body. She narrowly avoided several hits, but Matthias caught her by surprise. He brought his knee up with the force of a hammer, slamming it into her. The sound of cracking ribs heralded the blow, and she stumbled back, bowels violently emptying into her panties.

Rude noises were audible as she helplessly pushed everything into her panties in one powerful wave, the garments sagging down immensely as his blow forced the entirety of her bowels out at once, her underclothes barely surviving the experience. She fell back on her bottom with a wet squish, and let out a whimper of fear as his sword tip pressed against her neck. “Surrender, you poor excuse for a queen.” She felt fear overtake her completely, and she stared up at him, trembling, her bladder forcefully emptying itself into her panties and puddling warmly around her, her legs glistening with pee as the puddle grew rapidly. “You disgusting child.” He commented, wrinkling his nose. “Not even potty trained, soiling yourself in an instant.”

His words were cut off, however, as a thrown axe from Thelma knocked his blade aside. Turning, he saw the hero draw her silver sword and leap at him, both hands on the blade, shouting “You will pay for what you did to my home! Unperturbed, he brought his artifact weapon up in a powerful parry, her blade slamming against it and shattering into bits. Letting go of his sword with one hand, he grabbed Thelma by the neck, raising her up and staring her in the face.

“Your country was weak, just as you are. I have no regrets about destroying it, and I will not regret destroying you.” Thelma struggled against his grip, desperately scrabbling at his hand, but it held firm. She began to choke, the strength draining from her body. Her arms went limp, and so did her sphincter. Pee sprayed out of her, soaking her gray leggings and flowing own everywhere, puddling beneath her. Her bowels loudly began to empty, a series of wet farts and sprays of diarrhea completely destroying the back of her pants and spraying brown muck everywhere, her accident very clearly on display for all to see, unlike some of the others. Her pants sagged with wet liquid as she continued to helplessly empty herself. “Just as bad as the other. Are all you queen’s so weak and lacking in control?”

Val, seeing Thelma’s attempt, slowly gathered herself. Despite her broken ribs, she quietly lifted herself to her feet, drawing Rose’s Thorn and lunging at Matthias. She used the same attack, both hands powering the thrust, as she had done on the paladin, and once again it pierced straight through its target, both Matthias’s armor and tough skin depleted of their resistance. He staggered back, dropping Thelma and clutching the wound, his mighty sword fallen to the ground; the battle was over.

Empress

It was a day of celebration. Val was dressed in fine robes, the same as her mother once more. She felt beautiful, she felt like a queen. It had already been a long day, with a great feast, a lengthy coronation, and she herself had a given a speech to her now officially subjects. Shel lay defeated, Matthias, Bran, and Legato were dead, and the continent was at peace once more. She couldn’t be happier. Her thoughts strayed to the man beside her, the axe wielding paladin who had led so many charges for her. The pair was sitting on a bench in the palace courtyard, enjoying the soft light of the setting sun. Before she could say anything, however, her uncle Rayden interrupted their quiet moment with his entrance.

She was not particularly happy about this, considering she had consumed copious amounts of food and drink and knew she didn’t have much longer until she lost it all. She would have like to do it with only Kane as company, but apparently she would not get that pleasure. Rising to greet her uncle, she put on a polite smile as he began to speak, on the inside desperately wishing she could hold herself. Most of his talk was dull and boring, but she was shocked out of her barely paying attention state by the mention of empress. “Truly!? You think I should be Empress!? But the last Emperor left such a bad mark on everyone…” As she spoke she realized she was wetting herself. The very thought of being Empress was too much for her bladder. “I know, but the people need a strong leader to rebuild. You are that strong leader Val. At least consider it. I’ll give you some time.” With that, he turned and walked away, leaving the courtyard once again.

Val let out a sigh of relief, desperately attempting to stem the flow of pee but to no avail. Soon, her dress was completely soaked, her legs glistening with urine and the grass beneath her freshly watered. Rayden’s eyes hadn’t strayed from her face, and she hoped he hadn’t noticed. She heard a chuckle from behind her, and turned to see a grinning Kane. “That was impressive Val. I’ve never seen you hold so long.” He walked over to her, putting his arm around her. “How are you feeling, after that?”

Val grinned up at him, but her attempt to speak was interrupted by a noisy fart and a small lump of poo making its way into her panties. Doubling over and clutching her bottom desperately, she wiggled for a moment before speaking. “I feel like I’m about to mess myself. I don’t think I can move. Carry me, please?”

“Of course, my lady.” He responded, taking Valentine by the back and bottom and lifting her up with ease. She groaned, but the pair made it most of the way towards their quarters before she let out a whimper and lost the fight, soft mess pushing itself into her panties and bulging them out, spreading everywhere thanks to the position of Kane’s hand.

“I’m sorry my lady, I wasn’t fast enough.” He said, still speaking in his formal, teasing manner.

Valentine refused to acknowledge his teasing, lost in thought for a moment. Finally, she spoke as he carried her into their room. “Kane, we’re getting married.” She declared. Her tone brooked no argument.

“Just what I’d expect from an Empress, a command. You’re already fitting the role.” He told her, grinning down. He easily tossed her onto the bed, then sat down beside her. “I will happily comply, my lady. I have just one request: try not to soil your white wedding gown too badly, alright?”

Val punched him in the shoulder as hard as she could. “Ass!”

*003*2016-12-23 00:39

{{4 hours ago, pp123 said:

Awesome,i loved these stories :) cant wait to see more

}}

Hey, thanks for commenting! I've been playing FE12 so there will probably be a couple short pieces from that game forthcoming in the near future, and I still need to finish Kagero stuff too.

*004*2016-12-24 22:40

I've been playing FE 12 so storiieesss. More forthcoming but I wrote these last night so may as well put them up. As usual, if I'm writing about something I'm excited about it and open to rp it, in this case FE1/3/11/12.

For reference, Chris/Kris is the default name for the game’s customizable character (the female default might actually be Chris as well but I like Kris better). My Kris is a red haired myrmidon/swordsmaster with long hair and a ponytail. The male Chris will be named Sun, and is a mounted axe knight(yes they don’t exist in this game but it’s who I’ve put with Sheema in other FE stuff) He grew up in a similar scenario to the normal avatar, but it was in the Altean friendly country of Grust instead of in Altea. Also, I’m going to treat Tiki as the adult version from awakening in this series of stories. If lolis are more your thing, feel free to ignore that treatment.

In the Dark of Night

Kris brought her sword around in a powerful two handed slice, severing the arm of the training dummy. She didn’t hesitate for a moment as the straw limb hit the ground, her body already turning, putting all the power behind a thrust into the heart of another dummy, sword stabbing through it entirely. Still putting all her strength behind it, she drew the sword in an upwards arc, cutting her way out of the dummy and fully rotating with the blade, hitting the dummy from the bottom and cutting upwards, completing the cut she started with her first upward movement.

Panting, she lowered her blade, scanning the field of fallen training dummies with satisfaction. Luke had already given up on keeping up with her and left for the night, but there was still plenty of oil in the lanterns, so she would continue. With a shudder she realized in the now dim lantern light that the field of dummies was somewhat hard to distinguish from an actual field of bodies. Another realization hit her at the same time: she really had to pee. Her stomach gave an unfriendly grumble as well, and she began to weigh her options of heading back to camp to use the prepared bathroom area or wandering into the woods a bit in the dark. Her thoughts were disrupted by another woman’s approach, however. The red haired cavalier she had become fast friends with, Cecille. Both of them shared fierce fighting styles and a dislike of the men in their squad, other than Lord Marth of course.

“I knew I’d find you still out here, Kris.” Cecille said with a smile, approaching her friend. “If you’d have me, I’d like to join you in training.” Kris barely had time to nod before Cecille started off on some other topic, something about recent rumors. The other knight retrieved a practice sword, talking all the while. Kris would have liked to pay attention, but right now she was too distracted, crossing her legs and biting back a whimper of desperation. If only Cecille didn’t have such poor timing. Suddenly Cecille was up against her, training sword dropped almost as soon as it was acquired. “Kris, did you hear that?”

“Hear what Cecille? I didn’t hear anything strange. Now paying attention, a few moments later she heard a low moan carry on the wind. Cecille looked terrified, and now her arms were around Kris and holding onto her tightly. The myrmidon winced as a few drops leaked into her panties from the squeezing, her body losing control as Cecille applied pressure. “Cecille, let go of me! Don’t tell me you’re scared of a few noises! It’s probably just the wind.” Kris didn’t sound too sure even to herself, her voice shaky from desperation and the slight fear she had heard something.

“No, there’s definitely something out there! Probably a ghost of or something! I told you, there’s been rumors of a ghost haunting the camp at night!” Cecille protested. Suddenly, Kris heard the moaning again, this time louder and seemingly closer. There was definitely something out there. Another sound was audible even with the moaning, however. A trickling sound. Kris looked down, and she saw that Cecille’s pants were darkening. The girl was wetting herself at the noise! Kris couldn’t help but be a bit disgusted, despite being so close to her own accident. “It’s closer! It’s going to get us!” Cecille was in full panic mode, the dark brown cloth of her training breeches quickly becoming soaked as her bladder fearfully released into them. The warmth was a bit comforting as it encompassed the entirety of her legs and bottom. She squeezed Kris tighter, crying “We’re doomed!”

Kris struggled against her grasp, but her body couldn’t take the squeezing any more. She turned red as first a fart escaped, and though she managed to clamp down on that, her bladder was no so cooperative. She helplessly began to pee herself, her overflowing bladder forcefully emptying into her leggings, soaking the front and back of her long skirt and the entirety of her leggings, leaving an icky warm feeling all along her toned legs. Silently cursing her own weakness, she once again attempted to free herself from Cecille’s grasp.

From her perch on a nearby tree, Norne could barely contain her laughter. The stuck up knight ladies were scared of a few noises in the night. So scared they were peeing themselves! Apparently they didn’t house train their noble ladies, even the ones they sent to battle. She couldn’t wait to get Luke, Draug, and Michalis to intercept them on the way to camp. Luke would never let them live it down, and she figured Draug would appreciate the view of the two disheveled girls, even if he would protest he only had interest in her. Michalis seemed to have taken an interest in Kris, and the myrmidon seemed completely impressed by the man, even more so than Marth, yet was feisty and combative with him. He would surely enjoy holding this over her head. Suppressing her giggles, Norne nocked a special arrow into her bow and raised it, firing it behind the two distracted women.

Kris finally managed to free herself from Cecille’s grasp. She could feel her sphincter muscles quivering, barely holding back an even worse accident. “What’s wrong with you!? You’re cowering against me and pissing yourself like a child!?” Kris shouted at Cecille, angry at being forced to have an accident by the woman. “There’s nothing out there, get-“ the myrmidon’s shouting was cut off by a loud series of bangs as Norne’s arrow went off behind them in a brilliant burst of light and sound.

Cecille’s scream was audible even over the sound of Norne’s arrow. She fell back on her bottom, curling up into the fetal position. Fear coursed through her and what little was left in her bladder released in a small spurt, her bowels following suit. Soft mess flowed into her panties, wave after wave, the back of her breeches bulging out and sagging heavily as she helpless defecated in her pants, completely incoherent with fear. Kris didn’t fare much better, letting out girly scream, a sound that would have surprised most her knew of her tomboy nature, and she stumbled backwards, trembling, back against a tree. Her sphincter didn’t stand a chance, and wet diarrhea escaped with a loud “ppffbblltt” , hot liquid poo spraying from her and immediately destroying the back of her panties, the disgusting liquid quickly filling her leggings, soaking down the entirety of her legs and staining her skirt brown as well as she helplessly pushed wave after wave of liquid shit into her leggings.

Norne couldn’t stop the giggling this time, but she figured neither of them would be able to hear it over the sound of her arrow and their messy accidents. Slinging her bow over her shoulder, the pink haired archer vanished as stealthily as she had appeared, off to find Draug and Luke.

A few minutes later, both girl’s had finally finished relieving themselves in their garments. Kris’s skirt and leggings were completely destroyed, coated in brown muck, not to mention her barely recognizable panties. The front of her leggings didn’t escape either, completely soaked in pee. Cecille’s breeches fared little better, a massive sagging bulge spread about the bottom from her fearful fall to her bottom and the entirety of the rest of it soaked with urine. The two girls looked at each other, still trembled slightly and waiting for the fear to wear off. Finally, Kris spoke. “Not a word of this, to anyone, ever.”

“Agreed.” Cecille responded. The two girls rushed off towards camp, unaware a certain trio of men were waiting for them.

Liberation of Grust

“My men are not expendable!” Sheema growled at Samson as the pair moved to the raised throne room that overlooked the Grustian keep, soldiers swarming about as they took up positions. About half their number were green recruits, fighting because of their dedication to Sheema and nothing else. The other half were battle hardened Archanean troops, eagerly awaiting the chance to do battle with Altea’s elite knights. Dracoknights lay in wait in alcoves near the fort, awaiting the arrival of the Altean forces to ambush them as they assaulted the fort. The positioning was as good as the Grustian forces could ask for, but Sheema wasn’t satisfied.

She wanted to be fighting on Prince Marth’s side right now, not against him. If only she hadn’t been dumb enough to allow Hardin to manipulate her into becoming queen. She reached the upraised throne area, carefully sitting on the throne despite her heavy armor and gripping the arms of the throne tightly. If only Marth could be convinced to leave her people alive and simply slay these Archaneans. She would simply have to hope the stories of his kind heart were true, and he wouldn’t slay the weak, useless recruits that had insisted on fighting for her.

The queen sat for a while, Samson loyally beside her, and eventually she started to fidget slightly. It was hard to notice thanks to her heavy armor, but she couldn’t stop. She had to pee. Would the damn Altean’s hurry up and get here already!? But they seemed to be taking their time. Eventually, it was too much. Unwilling to cross her legs or show some sign of weakness, Sheema could feel her muscles start to give out. A trickle of pee started to make its way out, dampening her clean white panties and slowly saturating them before beginning to pool beneath her and soon trickle down her leg.

Eventually, the trickle became a stream as she fully began wetting herself. The black bodysuit she wore beneath her plate armor quickly became soaked with pee, the area around her rear particularly bad. Eventually the flow ended and she felt her face go red, looking around to make sure no one had noticed. Luckily no one had, even Samson looking bored and distracted. Her armor did a good job containing the accident, though she could feel a bit of pee filling her boots and the uncomfortable sticky warm sensation of her legs and bottom being covered in pee. Adjusting for a moment, she turned even brighter red when she realized the feeling was rather arousing. After a few minutes sitting like this she wanted nothing more than to take her spear and grind herself against it. Unfortunately, she had to bear it.

A few hours later she could feel the need to pee again, and the cold material of her soaked body suit wasn’t helping this wait be any more pleasant. At least the arousal had faded to a dull throb for the moment. Suddenly, she heard people moving, and soldiers began rushing to their positions. Soon enough, a roar sounded from the gates, and a massive red dragon came crashing through, a swarm of soldiers, some on foot and some mounted, followed. A trio of white Pegasi soared above, led by a dracoknight. Another pegasi flew with them, Prince Marth mounted on the back behind Caeda, shouting orders.

The armies leading ranks, two sword wielding paladins and a red haired swordsmaster, tore into the fighters in the leading ranks of Archaneans, their silver blades quickly making short work of the axemen. The archers on the parapet popped up to open fire, but a hail of javelins from Minerva and the Whitewings sent them diving for cover, more often than not with a javelin sticking from their body. The wyvern and its pegasus companions descending on the parapet with a massive burst of wind and wingbeats, Iote’s shield shining fiercely on Minerva’s arm, the tough hide of her dragon absorbing any fired arrows with nary a scratch. The redhead looked like a goddess of battle descending upon the archers, and Sheema couldn’t help but feel sorry for the Archaneans.

The Altean troops pressed forward easily, a massive blue haired berseker taking the lead, tearing through the snipers positioned in the ground area. The dracoknights desperately swooped in from flanking to try and catch the Altean’s by surprise, one squad targeting the cavalry, ridersbanes ready, while the others targeted the tall green haired woman that had formerly been a red dragon. Tiki stood, panting with effort, clutching the fading fire dragonstone. Her body was that of an adult, but her mind still often was that of a child, and she turned to see assailants swooping towards her, reacting with a fearful yelp.

Pee sprayed out of her, lightly soaking her red dress and coating her shapely legs in a thing yellow coating. Out of nowhere, however, a mage with an impressive hat soared through the air, riding the wind like it was as easy as a simple stroll. He raised his hands and shouted “Excalibur!” Blades of wind coalesced all around the dracoknights, and suddenly the entire squad turning to shredded flesh as thousands of blades of winds tore them to bits.

The other dracoknight squad fared little better. Separating out from the cavalry, a horseman with a second rider sheathed his sword and drew a massive bow. The girl riding behind him leaped off, rolling with the impact and coming up holding her own bow. In an instant, Draug and Norne filled the sky with deadly arrows, the dracoknights swerving and scattering to avoid the onslaught, only to be picked off by javelins, carefully aimed arrows, or spells from the cleric supporting the cavalry.

Sheema grimaced. They were losing. There was no other way about it. Much to her happiness, the cowering Grustian soldiers, most who had tossed their weapons aside in surrender, were being ignored. She even saw one girl she knew, one who had been an eager volunteer, with an athletic build and short brown hair, perhaps even a promising soldier given time, go under attack by an Archean soldier for her cowardice. A brown haired man, mounted on a particularly large horse, moved to save her, his massive two handed axe decapitating the offending soldier. Sheema was overjoyed to see the Alteans actively saving her subject, but the girl didn’t seem to share her joy. She curled up in a fearful ball, her leather breeches quickly soaking with urine, the back bulging out with a brown lump as she looked up at the massive horse and its rider in fear. He offered his hand to her but she shied away, and he clearly let out a sigh before hefting his axe and turning his attention to the enemies once again.

Sheema rose, taking her shining silver lance in her hand. Her suit was still a bit uncomfortable, but it didn’t matter now. They would soon breech the keep, and she would meet them.

This time, the gate was wooden, and a massive fireball crashing through it heralded the Altean army’s arrival. It seemed, however, most of them were cleaning up elsewhere, as only the cavalry entered. The pair of sword paladins engaged the fighters that guarded the throne area, the more elite axemen actually posing a challenge to the pair, killer axes striking deadly arcs towards the mounted swordsmen. A shriek and the splattering sound of a cascade of pee hitting the ground indicated a very close miss on the red haired female paladin. At least her breeches were brown instead of white. Smart woman.

Samson had his axe in hand, and he rushed forward to meet the enemy axe knight, who’s face was hidden by a great helm. Within the first few blows it was clear Samson was overmatched, but he refused to give up, and the axe knight seemed reluctant to land a truly injuring or lethal blow.

The swordsmaster that accompanied the cavalry, long red hair tied in a ponytail behind her, leaped forward towards Sheema. “In the name of Prince Marth, surrender!” she cried out. Sheema responded with a powerful thrust of her lance, driving the swordswoman back. The two traded blows, several sword strikes bouncing off Sheema’s heavy armor, before the swordswoman stepped fully in close within the arc of Sheema’s lance, grinning confidently. Sheema quickly wiped the grin off her face however, letting go of her lance with one hand and bringing her fist slamming right into the woman’s gut with the all her strength. Red found out the hard way that Sheema was a strong woman indeed, on par with Minerva or Luke.

The punch sent her reeling backward, stumbling and barely holding on to her sword. Kris felt her bowels react to the punch to the gut, forcibly evacuating. It came out in hard chunks, one after another, her pink panties bulging out beneath her swordsmaster’s robe as she helplessly filled them with shit from the power of the blow. She groaned, looking up just in time to see the butt of the lance slam into her head, sending her flying backwards and causing her to lose her sword, the weapon clattering a good distance away from her. Sheema approached, pointing the silver tip of her lance to Kris’s neck. Kris’s eyes teared up, fear overtaking her. “Please don’t…” she whimpered, and a loud hissing sound was audible as she soaked her panties and robes, a large yellow puddle forming underneath her as she cowered.

Suddenly, Sheema heard Samson cry out, and she turned to see the axe knight slam the side of his axe blade into the hero’s head, knocking him across the room in a heap. The knight turned his attention to Sheema, and she spun her spear away from the defeated swordsmaster, bringing it ready to repel a charge. And charge he did. The axe flashed down once, faster than she could react, and it chopped the head off her spear. She still slammed the tipless pole into him, and he staggering, the wind knocked out of him, but that was all. He came forward again, and Sheema moved nimbly despite her bulky armor, rolling backwards and snatching up the metal bow from one of the fallen warriors. She went to fire, but he was already on her. His axe came crashing towards her, and she desperately raised the bow to block.

The axe dug into it with a sickening crunch, but it stopped, the metal bow holding fast. Still, Sheema’s body had already reacted to the axe arcing towards her head, and for the second time that day a cascade of pee, this time starting out as a full-fledged waterfall, soaked into her suit and rapidly filled her armor. She could feel the warm liquid rise, filling the tight plate. The warmth was trapped around her, enveloping her crotch and bottom as her armor just barely contained the accident, and she felt herself shoot to the brink of a climax almost immediately as the warmth suffused her. Distracted from the battle, she gulped when she turned to see the pointed tip of an axe directly at her throat. Her anus quivered, and the beginning of a log of poo snaked its way into her panties, not quite dropping out but making itself known. She managed to clamp down on further fear reaction for the moment, at least.

She wanted to say something but couldn’t find the words as Samson rose from his crumpled heap, bleeding badly, grabbed his axe, and lunged towards he axe knight. He was intercepted by a blur of red, the swordsmaster also recovered. The two exchanged a fierce series of blows, before she heard the voice of Prince Marth. “Cease this fighting at once! The battle is over! Leave them alive!” When the two continued to trade blows, Marth motioned to the massive divine dragon beside him. Tiki let out a roar, the entire building shaking and a few loose stones falling from the ceiling.

The two immediately stopped fighting, and Kris would have probably soiled herself all over again if there was anything left in her. The axe knight lowered his weapon as well. Sheema, unfortunately, still had some left in her, and she groaned as the log forced its way into her panties, her muscles reacting with involuntary fear at the draconic roar. Another log made its way into her panties then another. Soon the mess was too much for the tight bodysuit and spread everywhere, slowly coating her as it was constrained by the tight armor. She let out an involuntary moan as the accident brought her to a climax, and she kept it as a quiet as possible as her juices mixed with her the pee already filling her armor. Somehow, the suit managed to contain everything, and she showed no signs of an accident on a battlefield already filled with the smells of messy accidents.

The axe knight slid his axe back over his shoulder and dismounted his horse, offering her his hand. She gladly took it, awkwardly pulling herself to her feet, feeling the liquid slosh around and the mess move as well. “Who are you, Sir Knight?” she asked curiously. The man reached up and removed his great helm, and Sheema gasped in surprise. “Sun!” she cried, and embraced the knight in front of her. The queen had grown up in a small Grustian village, the bastard daughter of the king hidden away so he didn’t have to deal with her.

Sun had been one of her childhood friends in that village; he had protected her from bullies and been there for her for a long time before he set off as a mercenary. Apparently he had joined the Altean army. Her heart leapt at seeing him again, and she hugged him tightly, tears forming in the corner of her eyes. “I missed you so much…” His powerful arms wrapped around her as well, but he was surprisingly short, head only slightly above breast level on the tall Sheema.

Perhaps that was why he had a chosen a horse; he had never been much for running long distances either. He could likely feel the squish of her accident beneath her armor, but she didn’t care at all. She was just glad to have him back. “I missed you too…” he replied, his voice muffled by her crushing embrace. “You’ve certainly grown up. You truly fit the role of queen, my lady.” She felt herself being pulled down, even her powerful strength overshadowed by the axe knights, and when he brought her lips to his, she eagerly pressed him into a kiss.

Payback

Kris was angry. Taking her seat with Cecille at the table where strategy for the next battle was to be discussed, both women were fuming. Luke had accidently let it slip who had caused the highly embarrassing ghost incident, and both women wanted payback. At the moment, however, both women needed to use the bathroom quite badly. Unknown to them, Norne’s antics continued, and their training waterskins had been spiked with some rather powerful drugs. Much to Kris’s dismay, there was no time to stop after morning training.

Soon Marth and Jagen had arrived, and all the officers were gathered. Kris was barely paying attention as the conversation progressed, however, too busy crossing her legs and holding herself as discreetly as possible. She didn’t want to have another publicized accident! Cecille didn’t look like she was faring much better, the cavalier squirming around with increasing intensity as the meeting progressed. After a while, Kris knew she was reaching her limits. She couldn’t hold both these urges at once. The second would be easier to hide, she decided. Raising her bottom up slightly from the seat, she reluctantly relaxed her anus, and in an instant poo began to flow out. Soft mush filled her panties, expanding from there and coating her legs beneath her leggings, too much for her panties to contain. Carefully sitting back down in her own mess, Kris felt herself blushing fiercely, and hoped no one would notice the smell. At least she could hold her pee a bit better now.

Cecille didn’t last more than a minute longer. She turned red, let out a small gasp, and lowered her head, biting her lip and holding back tears. A loud hissing emanated from her, and a yellow puddle formed beneath her on the chair, spilling off onto the ground. Her brown breeches were more than soaked, however, as everyone now paying attention to her heard the crackling sound as her bowels fully released, wave after wave of soft muck expanding her panties and spreading along her bottom, coating it and leaving a sagging bulge in her pants. At least the smell would be attributed to her and not Kris.

“Let me take her to clean up.” Kris said, carefully rising. Marth nodded and averted his eyes, continuing the discussion with the others. Kris helped Cecille to her feet, leading the sniffling girl from the room. They made it most of the way through camp before Norne spotted them, sneaking up behind Kris and shouting “Boo!” Kris let out a yelp, and pee sprayed from her, soaking her leggings in an instant and leaving a telltale puddle beneath her. Spinning around angrily, she yelled, “Damn it Norne, leave us alone!”

The pink haired girl giggled and fled, vanishing into the midst of tents that made up the camp. Kris growled and gave chase, the somewhat recovered Cecille following, also enraged by the pink haired girl. Both girls awkwardly chased Norne, who seemed to be leading them on. The whole time, the drugs did their work, and both girls needed to go again by the time they cornered Norne inside the armory tent.

The pink haired girl defender herself, moving faster than both the myrmidon and the cavalier. Her fists weren’t particularly strong, but they struck again and again, and Cecille doubled over with a groan, pee soaking her trousers for the second time, the fabric barely holding itself together as she helplessly flooded it for the second time in an hour. Unfortunately, Norne slipped over the practice equipment the pair had left in their rush to reach the meeting, cursing as she fell. Kris leaped into action as Norne fell, rushing forward and pinning the pink haired girl to the ground. Cecille finished peeing herself and joined her, glaring down at Norne. “I’m such a klutz…” Norne muttered.

“What do you think you’re doing, harassing us like this!” Cecille complained.

“I’m not doing anything, you two don’t need my help to pee all over yourselves.” Norne replied. With a growl, Cecille pressed forcefully against Norne’s stomach. Kris could barely hold it herself, and a stream of pee was trickling down her leggings. Norne squirmed against the pressure, but soon let out a quiet whimper and lost control. Her pink shorts darkened with pee as her bladder was forced to evacuate, the material turning filmy and slightly translucent. Another push, and a pbbllrrtt could be heard from her bottom as soft mess was forced into her shorts. It piled up in her pink panties, bulging the back of her shorts out and soaking through a bit, leaving a very visible brown lump in the back of her shorts. Kris’s own bladder couldn’t take it anymore at the sound of Norne’s loss of control, and her puddle mingled with Norne’s as pee soaked her leggings once again and rewarmed her likely ruined clothes.

Suddenly, both Cecille and Kris felt themselves lifted in the air by the back of their necks. “What the hell do you two think you’re doing!?” a man’s voice shouted, and neither of them recognized it. Cecille immediately lost it, accosted by an unknown man in the middle of camp, probably an enemy. Her bowels forcibly pushed another wave of shit into her panties, this wave wet and sticky, pushing out of her already full panties and coating her legs, filling her already soiled breeches with a horrible mess.

They would definitely be unsalvageable. Kris turned, bowels quivering, and saw Draug, face a mask of rage at catching them assaulting his girlfriend. She had never seen the peaceful man angry before. That would explain the unrecognizable shout. With a shudder she began messing herself as well, afraid of what the powerful man might do when finally angry. Wet, sticky mess flowed from her as well, overflowing her similarly full panties and spreading out through her leggings, coating her entire lower body in sticky mess. Her clothes wouldn’t be salvageable either.

Thankfully, Norne moved to their rescue, wrapping her arms around Draug to calm him down. “Stop, stop. Put them down, silly.” Draug’s expression softened, and he dropped the two, both girls landing on their bottoms with an unceremonious wet splat. Norne bent down to Kris’s ear and whispered “You owe me now. I’ll be collecting later.” The myrmidon could only nod helplessly, still terrified. Norne turned back to Draug. “Don’t worry about them, I need to clean up.” She gave him her cutest face, and he nodded, scooping up the pink haired archer. He turned to leave, and Norne poked her head over his shoulder, sticking out her tongue at the pair as Draug left the tent with her.

*006*2016-12-25 17:41

{{16 hours ago, R.M.T.B. said:

Nice update, but may I request more stories in the Awakening time?

}}

Yay, more comments. Hmmm, Awakening. Haven't been playing that game recently, although I do part of a omorashi retelling of it lying around. Maybe I'll write a Christmas thing for it. I still have a bunch more ideas for FE12 and Kagero stuff to do, I'll try and throw in some awakening stuff as well.

Also, for those of you actually familiar with FE1/3/11/12 all mentions of Grust should be Gra, i believe. I can't keep the two straight for some reason.

