Blooper's Random Stories

Author: blooper

*015*2017-05-21 16:18

A Princess’s Journey

(So, here’s a short Celica piece in honor of Echoes release. There will be at least one other, slightly darker piece likely but I’ll have to be convinced to put down Echoes again first.)

It was time to set off. They would journey to the Temple of Mila, and discover what had gone wrong with the land. Celica clutched her small, golden dagger, looking a confident than she felt. The group headed towards the exit, a somewhat ragtag bunch. Celica was in the lead, beautiful white dress swishing as she walked. She looked pristine. Behind her, Mae followed, carrying a thunder tome and wearing an armored breastplate and only something that could barely be described as a skirt below it. It was liable to flash her cute pink underwear from the side with each step. Following behind her was Beoy, a white haired young man dressed in fine black clothes. Bringing up the rear was Genny, a girl dressed in the pure white robes of a traditional cleric.

When they reached the area near the entrance, Celica paused. “Before we leave for good, you should all make sure to drink deeply of the holy fountains.” she told them. Moving over to one, she took a long drink, letting out a contented sound as she felt the shrine’s power fill her. The others followed suit, and the party exited a few minutes later, Celica looking considerably more confident.

A few hours into their journey, however, the princess certainly didn’t feel nearly as confident. The holy water was taking its toll on her bladder, and she in desperate need of a stop. She couldn’t tell if Mae was in a similar predicament, the other girl engaged in a heated argument with Boey about the nature of birds. The discussion had been going on for at least half an hour, spurred by the presence of ravens watching them. Genny, on the other hand, looked like she was feeling it. She was even quieter than usual, sticking near the back of the group and fidgeting considerably. Soon enough, the group reached the graveyard they would have to pass through to press on.

Looking around, Celica decided this might be a decent place to stop. There were large mausoleums and monuments that might make good places to take cover behind(seriously, how else do you explain 60% avoid increase. Dammit Gaiden.). “Let’s take a break here, alright? A few moments to rest our weary feet.” Celica told the others.

“Really? In a graveyard?” Boey asked, looking around fearfully.

“Oh don’t tell me you’re scared of terrors!” Mae scolded, smirking. “It’ll be fine. This place is just us and the dead.”

Boey didn’t look convinced, but he nodded and made his way over to a relatively open space to sit down, trying to avoid gravestones.

Mae turned towards one of the larger buildings, moving towards it. Turning back to Boey, she called, “And keep your eyes over there!” She rounded the corner of the building a moment later.

Celica smiled slightly to herself. Leave it to Mae to break the ice. She glad to not have to go through the ordeal of trying to politely excuse herself. Sometimes it was nice to have someone so improper along.

Genny moved up beside her, tugging on her sleave. “What is it Jenny?” she asked.

“I..umm…I’ll be gone a bit.” the cleric told her, blushing slightly. Celica almost started to question further, but a long, low fart from the priestess answered her question.

“Alright, got it.” she replied, grimacing a bit as the sound made her realize she could use that sort of relief as well, relatively soon. But there was no way she was doing that out here, she told herself. Meanwhile, Genny, blushing furiously, retreated the direction Mae had gone but a bit further back.

A moment later, Celica hear a piercing scream from where Mae had gone. It took all of her willpower to not lose it then and there. A considerable burst of warmth stained her panties, but she managed to contain herself otherwise. Drawing her dagger, she looked over to Boey, who was already rising, tome in hand, and the pair raced around the corner of the large mausoleum. What they saw stopped both of them dead in their tracks.

Mae was sat on her bottom, skirt spread around her, puddle rapidly forming beneath her. The source of her fear was quickly evident, the massive zombielike creature towering over her. It was taller than an average human with long, sharp claws. A terror! A hissing was audible as Mae continued to fearfully empty her bladder into her pink panties, soaking them completely through. Her splayed legs glistened with her release.

Celica felt her own bladder give out a bit at the sight. A powerful burst of pee escaped her, saturating her white silk panties and a trickle escaping down her leg, the princess all too aware of the warm trail falling down her limb. But surely they could take on one terror? She had been much more confident in dealing with such threats in her conversation with the priest. She hadn’t had a real fight since…since she was a kid back in the village with Alm. Suddenly, there was another scream, and she looked around, searching for its source.

It was a mistake. There were almost a dozen of the monsters, large, clawed horrifying things, rising up from the gravestones. A little ways from them, Genny was crouched behind a gravestone, dress lifted in the air. Celica had a perfect view of her innocent white panties turning brown at the back as a rapid flow of soft mess entered them at the sight of such a monster rising out of the grave in front of her. The cleric dropped her dress and scrambled backwards, the white material of that turning brown as well as she continued to fearfully push poo into her panties, a brown stain forming on the back of her dress.

Looking around at all the foes, Celica was overcome by fright. The golden dagger fell from her hands, and she didn’t even notice as the trickle she was releasing turned into a waterfall. Her bladder swiftly released its stored up burned, pee cascading in a hundred trails down bother her legs, soaking her leggings and puddling beneath her. Just as her bowels began to follow suit and began to involuntarily push a log of poo into her panties, a call of “Fire!” rang out, Boey unleashing a furious barrage of magic. The sound snapped her out of it, and she clamped down on her body. Standing awkwardly with a log of poo halfway into her panties, she carefully bent down and picked up her golden dagger, drawing a fire tome with her other hand. The monster Boey hit didn’t seem dead yet, so she unleased her own blast of fire, channeling through the golden dagger. Under their combined assault, they felled the beast. But more were coming.

Unfortunately, there was a side effect to magic: it drained your strength. As Celica unleashed another blast of fire, she could already feel her muscles being to weaken. A soft pfftt escaped her botton, then a slightly louder one, this one accompanied by the log fully slipping into her panties, sagging them a bit. Celica didn’t have time to worry about that, however, and it made it a bit easier to keep control of her bowels now that the log was fully released, even if it did leave her with soiled panties. I just shit myself! What kind of princess shits herself? If the situation wasn’t so dire, Celica might have paused to consider the problem further, but more monsters were upon them. The three mages slowly retreated backwards, circling around Genny. The cleric worked hard, staff flashing with magic again and again as she kept the trio healed, both from stray blows from the monsters and from the negative effects of their own magic.

Very often farts were audible from Mae as she continued to cast, thunder and lightning crackling across the battlefield. A powerful hissing came from behind Celica, and she knew Genny had lost the battle against her own bladder, the strain of constantly channeling healing magic taking its toll. But they were winning.

The enemies numbers were few, but a large monster, the size of an ogre, was rushing at them now. Genny let out a shriek of fear and a short hiss of releasing urine as it charged. Celica summoned up the energy to cast another spell as it charged, but paused as her stomach dropped. She could barely hold the renewed pressure, and she realized that if she cast this spell she would definitely shit herself. Not just the slight accident she had now, full blown couldn’t hold it soiled her panties beyond recovery shit herself. She couldn’t bring herself to do it. She wasn’t some little girl. Dropping her fire tome, she leaped forward to engage the giant monster as electricity arced out from Mae and fire lashed out from Boey, the male mage cleaning up the last of the smaller monsters.

The red haired warrior priestess slammed the golden dagger into the things eye with an impressive leap. Between the lightning and the dagger, it tumbled back a bit, but kept coming. Its huge hand snatched Celica up, tearing the dagger from her grasp and leaving it embedded in the monsters head. Squeezing Celica in its massive hand, it looked down at her with its horrific visage and let out a piercing shriek, its maw bending down almost as if to bite her head off.

Celica returned a scream of her own, closing her eyes and praying. “Mila please!” she cried fearfully. Her hold on her bowels vanished as fear completely overtook her, and with a loud bllpptt her panties rapidly expanded, firm log after firm logging pushing their way out of her and testing the capacity of her garment.

“Celica!” Mae shouted, helplessly continuing her barrage of lightning. Her eyes caught on the golden dagger embedded in the beast, and she focused all her power, channeling a massive amount of lightning into the magic conductive dagger like a lightning rod. She could feel her muscles trembling, then failing as she channeled so much energy, and with a series of rude noises her bowels followed suit to Celicas. The mage’s pink panties were swamped with liquid mess, the gooey substance running down the back of her exposed legs and thoroughly staining them as she released a massive amount of diarrhea that her panties had no hope to contain.

The dagger exploded with energy, and the massive terror’s head followed suit, exploding in a brilliant display of magical energy. Its hand holding Celica fell limp, and the princess fell backwards, landing with an off and a squish on her messy bottom, wincing as the mess squished about. She couldn’t believe she had shit herself like this! What would Mycen think!? What would Alm think!? Suddenly, a pair of arms wrapped around her. “Thank Mila you’re safe.” Genny said quietly, hugging Celica tightly from behind. Beside them, Mae completely collapsed, right in Boeys arms. The male mage had no trouble catching her, a slight grin on his face. There was a bit of awkward silence, but Boey broke it with a comment that earned him an elbow jab from Mae and a giggle from Celica, despite the circumstances. “And you were the one making fun of me for being scared of terrors.” the mage said with distain, looking down at the messy mage in his arms.

*017*2017-05-21 23:13

{{5 hours ago, Mr.Angry-eyes said:

How is it that you managed to fit all this on one page?

}}

The site cares about post count, not word count. I have an old rp whose single pages count up to 50-75 pages of a pdf for each on site page.

*019*2017-05-23 21:31

{{On 5/22/2017 at 2:10 AM, DsGSilver said:

I was wondering how long it'd be until I saw some Echoes content pop up. Nice work.

}}

Thanks! Celica is one of my favorites and now in new shiny modern form she needs more of this stuff of her :P I have a few more things in the works, and hopefully others will play and write some stuff as well.

*021*2017-05-24 23:44

Dungeons and Diapers pt 1

(Was playing through dungeons in echoes and trying to clear fatigue, found myself feeding my units far too many flasks of water. Naturally thoughts turned to omorashi, and I was inspired to write this. Diapers seemed appropriate in this scenario,. so those of you not into that sort of thing, you have been warned. Minor diapers in the first part, heavier use to come in a later one. For once, I find the idea of one of my favorite FE girls being forced into one of these things to wander a dungeon super cute, so that’s what you’re getting. Also, minor spoilers I guess in the fact that the setting exists.)

While Alm settled in to his new duties as king, Celica felt a bit more adventurous. Taking a group of like-minded women from their traveling companions, she set up camp outside the ruins of Thabes. Small parties periodically went in to clear out monsters and hunt for treasure, occasionally the whole group entering at once. Each foray lasted anywhere from hours to days, and the women almost always returned with soaked or soiled clothes. This was quickly becoming a problem, and Celica, after a day-long expedition that left her waddling out of the superdungeon in loaded panties, decided something needed to be done.

So the queen introduced a new rule: parties that entered the dungeon would wear diapers. The garments would stop the problem of clothes being soiled and all the issues that came with walking around in wet and messy clothes for extended periods. It was virtually impossible to find a safe place to stop in the dungeon to relieve yourself or change into fresh clothes, with the numerous and seemingly replenishing monstrous forces within it. Even worse, they were constantly consuming food and water to keep up their strength as they waded through the monstrous hordes, putting significant pressure on their ability to hold it. So, reluctantly, Celica deemed these measures necessary.

There were, of course, complaints. Claire absolutely refused to wear the thing, declaring it “Far too childish for a proper woman such as myself to wear.” Sonya told her in no uncertain terms she would never wear such a humiliating thing, she was an adult who could control herself. Mathilda seconded the notion, declaring she had no need of such a thing and that the thrill of battle would keep her from needing such a garment. Celica gave the three of them an ultimatum: come with her on an outing the next day, and if they made it back clean she wouldn’t press the issue: otherwise they would wear one, all the time, no complaining. Not just in dungeons.. All three agreed, and the next day they set off into the ruins.

Celica led, the way, a slight crinkling audible from her as she walked. The white poofy garment she wore was barely concealed by her skirt, and she desperately wished she was dressed in normal panties instead. But she couldn’t yell at the other three about it and then go without one herself, could she? The four pressed on into the dungeon rather quickly, a half dozen brutal skirmishes ending in the blink of an eye as the powerful women decimated the weaker creatures in the upper layers. Drinks and food were consumed as they fought more and more, and soon enough all four girls could feel a need building rapidly in their bladder and bowels.

Celica was fairly adept at holding, but the thought crossed her mind to just use her diaper as her needs grew. That’s what it was there for, after all. But she held back. Claire was obviously becoming very squirmy as they continued, the way now clear of monsters for a bit. “There’s nothing here but grimy monsters and this awful dust!” she complained. “We should head back.”

“We aren’t heading back empty handed. We have to find something for our efforts.” The redhead replied, but to the displeasure of all her companions. They skirmished a few more times, and farts were audible from Mathilda with each impact of her lance. Soon enough, the party finally came upon a room containing several treasure chests. They eagerly moved in, and Celica was satisfied to see a thin yellow trail trickling down Claire’s leg as the haughty blonde kept squirming.

“Let’s see what we’ve got.” The princess declared, and each woman approached a chest. Celica inspected hers eagerly, the silvery material showing little in the way of a lock. Suddenly, her ears perked up, and she heard a slight crackling sound. Carefully looking behind her, she realized it was coming from Sonya. The mage was standing stock still in front of her own chest, not moving. Even though Celica couldn’t see her expression, she could imagine it. Hey eyes caught the back of the mage’s skirt expanding, a solid load being dropped into her purple panties.

“One down.” Celica whispered to herself. Turning back to the chest, she carefully prodded it with her blessed blade, then channeled magic. A few minutes later, she managed to pop it open with a satisfied click. Reaching in, she drew out a large pouch of silver coins, a slightly disappointed expression flickering across her features. Not an amazing discovery, but not worthless either. Suddenly, she heard a scream from behind her and she swiftly turned, sword up at the ready.

She immediately relaxed at the sight, nearly bursting into laughter. Claire was off her pegasus, lying on her bottom and scrabbling backwards away from a fist sized spider that had apparently decided to make its home in her treasure chest. The growing puddle beneath Claire’s bottom indicated that she did not take well to that realization. Celica launched a bolt of fire into the insect, disintegrating it. “Two down.” Was all she said.

Claire blushed furiously, rising indignantly with a hmmphh. “Being scared doesn’t count.” She protested weakly, her pee stained legs doing little to support her cause. At the mention of two, Sonya let out a slight gasp, blushing and reaching behind to check how visible her accident was. “I-“ the witch could think of no excuse, and followed after Celica, humiliation apparent once she knew the others realized.

A short while later, the group encountered a group of powerful enemies: necrodragons. The fight started out going well, but an enemy cantor they hadn’t noticed continued his summoning, and they were starting to become overwhelmed. At one point, one of the dragon’s bite’s narrowly missed Sonya, its bony head slamming into her chest. She staggered back, a loud hissing noise indicating the blow had decimated her bladder control. She desperately jammed both hands into her crotch, but it was too late, and the wet patch simply expanded along the cloth of the dress where she pressed it.

Celica channeled powerful Serpahim magic again and again, blasting necrodragons out of the sky with ease. Each blast of magic caused a short spurt of pee to soak her diaper, and occasionally she let out a soft fart with the magical detonation. She channeled another Seraphim, and her bladder had enough. She shuddered, the sensation of spreading warmth around her crotch contained instead of slipping out odd to the priestess. She bent over blushing furiously, pressing her hands against her diaper in a vain attempt to stop it. But it was no use. She was pissing her diaper, helplessly using her diaper as a toilet like a girl many fractions of her age. It wasn’t a good feeling.

While Celica was distracted with her own accident, Mathilda suddenly found herself dealing with more dragons than she could handle. Her lance slew a few, but a powerful set of claws grasped her and tore her from her mount, lifting her up into the skeletal face of a necrodragon. It roared, and she whimpered in terror, her control completely crumbling in pure fear. The sounds that came from her were loud and rude as she forcefully shit her pants, the soft mush exploding out of her and overwhelming her panties, spreading inside her armor and caking her powerful legs in muck. Her bladder control collapsed, pee soaking her undergarments and spilling out the seams in her armor. She could feel the warm liquid filing up her boots, and nearly burst in to tears, sniffling like a little girl who had just pissed herself. Suddenly, Claire’s silver lance speared the necromdragon and Mathilda was deposited in a soiled heap on the ground, still helplessly emptying herself into her armor.

Claire wheeled her pegasus around, finally spotting the infuriating cantor. “Die, lowly cretin!” she cried, charging him. He raised his hand, and suddenly her pegasus let out a screech as dark magic overtook them. Claire suddenly found herself unable to move, her body paralyzed with fear as a giant menacing skull of magic loomed over her. She whimpered and a series of unladylike noises she definitely didn’t approve of sounded from her bottom before a series of solid logs were deposited in her panties, smushing about thanks to her mounted position. “This isn’t, proper, I can’t be…oh noooo” she thought to herself as her muscles completely gave into fear, loading her undergarments with disgusting poo. This was simply unacceptable. The mage suddenly disintegrated in a hail of wind blades as both Celica and Sonya unleashed Excalibur upon him, and his summoned dragons vanished, leaving the women unassailed, though thoroughly soiled.

The party had nearly made its way back to the surface. Celica’s pace had slowed a bit, and the priestess couldn’t help but let out a cute fart every few steps as her bowels pressed against her muscles. To make matters worse, she had indulged in plenty to drink and had to piss again, unlike the others who had kept it to a minimum in their attempts to keep themselves dry.

“Celica, dear…you haven’t been forced to make use of your infernal garment yet, have you?” Claire asked innocently.

Celica blushed slightly, the damp feeling in her diaper still present. “No, I haven’t.” she replied. Claire looked at Mathilda, and both girl’s nodded to each other. As they reached the exit, safe from monster attack, both blondes acted. They each grabbed one side of Celica, holding her in place. The priestess struggled, filled with sudden worry. “What are you doing!?” she asked furiously.

“Making sure she join us.” Sonya replied. She stepped forward and began to tickle the priestess.

“Ah-you-!” Celica tried to protest, but she was quickly disabled via tickling. She desperately fought to keep control of herself, the farts growing louder and more rapid. Suddenly, she could stop it no longer, and the sound of her noisily messing her diaper was audible to the other three women. The priestess helplessly pushed solid log after solid log into her diaper, the garment expanding and sagging, a brown stain visible on the outside, the garment now sagging just slightly beneath her skirt. “You’ll pay for that.” The queen managed as they finally released her. She stood unsteadily, grunting as she forced the last bit of poo into her diaper. Shooting each woman a glare, she once again led the way.

“Celica, you’re back!” was the shout that greeted them as they entered camp. “My tent, now.” The queen commanded the three soiled women. They nodded and filed in as Celica found herself wrapped up in a hug, Genny eagerly greeting her return. Unfortunately, the pressure of said hug was too much for her poor bladder, and she nearly groaned aloud as she felt herself piss her diaper once again. The garment wasn’t quite ready for two such accidents, and a bit of glistening liquid escaped down Celica’s exposed leg.

“I’m glad to see you too, Genny. But right now I have to deal with these three misbehavors, alright?” The cleric released her, whispering “Make sure to be nice.” Before nodding and retreating for now.

Celica, now in a thoroughly messed and over-flowingly soaked diaper, retreated to her tent. Three girls awaited her there, and she looked over them sternly. “Now, you all know the deal. All of you pissed yourselves, all of you shit yourself. So get those panties off.” The two blondes reluctantly followed orders, carefully stripping out of their wet clothes. Celica motioned for them to lay down one at a time, and she cleaned them off and dressed them in a fresh diaper. Sonya, pouting, refused to follow orders, standing in the corner defiantly despite her sagging panties. Celica ignored her for now, first getting Claire settled then moving on to Mathilda. The woman squirmed as Celica cleaned her up, even farting once or twice. It was clear she needed to relieve her bowels once again. Once she cleaned up the paladin, Celica helped her to her feet. “Don’t worry, you can go ahead and use it now.” She told Mathilda, patting her diapered bottom.

Celica turned to Sonya. “No, I won’t-!” the mage protested angrily, but Celica snatched her up in a flash, easily handling the mage and laying her out on the table. Sonya gasped and leaked a bit, rewetting the front of her panties. When did Celica become so strong? Had she been holding back when they made her use her diaper at the dungeon? The mage was left to poider this as Celica held her down with ease, stripping off her messy underwear and replacing it with a fresh, white diaper. This one had little flowers on it, and it made Sonya want to curl up in a ball and cry. She was going to have to walk around in this for the duration of their stay here!? “You can put me in this, but I won’t use it. You can’t do this!” the proud woman growled as Celica finished sealing up her diaper.

“You know Sonya, I’m getting sick of your misbehavior. I think it’s time for some real punishment.” The princess nearly giggled in delight. To be honest, the mage’s skimpy clothing and…considerable assets made her a bit jealous, especially whenever she saw Alm looking at them. Even worse, she reminded Genny of her mother, and the mage had recently been taking more of a role in taking care of the cleric, a role which had been Celica’s. Let’s see her be a mother figure in a soiled diaper! Still holding the woman prone, Celica raised her hand, slapping it down hard. Once again her hand rose, and once again it fell.

The loud sound of a spanking echoed through the tent, and Claire and Mathilda watched nervously. It didn’t take long before Sonya was crying tears of humiliation, accompanied by a loud hissing sound as she powerfully pissed her diaper, each impact making the flow increase in power, and force out a small fart. “Celica, stop please…please! No, I’m not a child, I can’t-noooooooooooo!” Sonya wailed in horror as she lost control of her bowels as well. The already yellowed material of her cute diaper darkened further as a wave of soft mush joined her pee stream, the back of the diaper expanding and sagging, her accident obvious to all. The sorceress lay there, sobbing and shitting, unable to believe what was happening to her.

Claire watched in horror. As she watched Sonya break down, the proud noble felt her bladder give out in fear, the chilling thought of the same thing happening to her playing through her head. She began forcefully pissing her diaper the material sagging a bit and rapidly yellowing as she used her diaper like a scared little girl being threatened with a spanking. She hated it, but there was nothing she could do to stop it. What would Gray say when he saw her like this? This was an affront to her rank and stature as a woman of court! But…Celica was the queen.

The red haired priestess forced Sonya to her feet, leaving her standing with the other two. “Now, all three of you will need to come to me for a change. I’ve magically sealed your new protective garments on, so there will be no cheating. You will follow your agreement. Claire looked horrified, the realization dawning on her she would have no choice but to use this juvenile thing. Mathilda farted loudly, the paladin looking distraught at the command, but she realized there was no more point in holding it. Removing the hands tightly clenched to her bottom, the powerful blonde relaxed, letting out a soft moan of relief as she pushed a wave of solid log after solid log into her clean diaper. The garment sagged down, but it was relatively contained inside her armor, unlike Sonya’s which sagged well below her short skirt. The paladin blushed profusely, straightening up and composing herself as she continued to shit her diaper.

“Good girl.” Celica told her. Turning to Sonja, she spoke again. “Since you’ve been a bad girl, all three of you are going to have to wait on a change now. I’ll see you tonight. Now, return to your normal duties.” The three girls, now sufficiently cowed, quickly fled the tent.

A short while after they entered, three women emerged: two very embarrassed blondes staring forlornly at the puffy white garments they wore, and a very angry purple haired mage, whose bottom beneath the diaper showed spank marks thanks to her refusal to cooperate. Inside the tent, Celica stretched out on her bed, still in her messy garment. These girls were a real handful. Good training for being an actual mother, she supposed. And it had felt kind of good to use the thing herself, she admitted. Not as good as without it, but more discreet this way.

Outside, she could hear Genny’s excited voice. “Sonja, you’re back! Oooh, what are you wearing, it looks cute.”

“Don’t touch-“ came Sonya’s reply, cut off once again by Genny.

“Ewww, its leaking! You peed on my hand! You’re even worse at holding it than Tatiana! Aww, it’s all messy on the back too already. Maybe Celica was right, you are a messy little girl who needed one of these.”

“What, I’m not-stop touching it!” she heard Sonya shout, traces of fear and insecurity audible in the witch’s voice. Celica smiled, satisfied with the outcome. She did think these precautions were necessary for the dungeon, and those three would pay a little for their defiance. And as for Sonya…she couldn’t be blamed for a little revenge, could she? Sometimes it was good to be queen. She had certainly earned it.

*023*2017-08-08 03:56

Ruins of Blue Fire

(Some of you may recognize Katarina from a different piece of mine, but this is a different setting. Specifically, the Forgotten realms, in a DnD game I’m in. There may or may not be more stories from there while I figure out what I’m writing for Taylor’s next piece, we’ll see. I still have about four echoes stories to finish too….blargh.)

Katarina missed being on a ship. She would have never thought she would say that, always begrudgingly taking boats in her time on the isles, but hiking through the rough terrain of what remaining of the spellplague razed territory was unpleasant. She missed the wooden planks of the Promise beneath her feet, and she missed even more the comforting presence of the crew. She didn’t like wondering alone, especially with magic so awry. The woods were filled with dangers, the usual banditry and goblinoids alongside creatures driven and and mutated by the Night of Blue Fire. Speaking of which… someone was approaching.

Katarina raised her hands in the ready position, preparing to call her weapon to hand if need be. . In the distance, she could hear the howl of wolves. She needed to make it to Loudwater before the sun fully set. Soon enough, in the dusky light, a woman appeared. She had long dark hair and the telltale ears of an elf. She carried a rapier and wore leather armor, engraved with magical runes. Katarina relaxed at the sight. “Greetings, fellow traveler.” She called out.

“Well met.” Came the reply. “I take it you are also making your way to Loudwater?”

Katarina nodded. It was the only town left intact within a significant radius, so an easy assumption. The wolves howled again, and Katarina shivered. Wolves themselves weren’t that threatening, but in large numbers there was a possibility to go down under a pile of them, and that was not pleasant. “My name is Katarina. But we should hurry. Night grows near.”

“Mine is Vetruvi.” The elven woman nodded, and the two exchanged no more words, only hurrying on their way towards the town, both glancing over their shoulders as the sounds of wolves grew closer.

Katarina wove magic as they ran, masking their scent from the wolves in the hopes that they would go undetected. As they raced towards town, they both spotted a few others heading towards the same destination. The first to come into sight was a human, probably a rogue. They carried several daggers and wore tight leather pants and a similar shirt. Her short dark hair covered one of her eyes. The next was a female paladin, long blonde hair and shining gold plate. She was sweating, clearly tired from running in her heavy armor. She kept glancing over her shoulder. Last in the line was a female dwarf, braided brown hair trailing behind her. Her short legs were lagging behind, and beside her ran some sort of spiritual woman, a spirit companion.

There was no time for talk as the now five moved towards town, but out of the woods ahead of them more humanoids appeared. What they had thought were wolves were instead gnolls. A pack of the nasty creatures, the hyena like humanoids were extremely dangerous in large numbers, well known for their pack hunting. The five skidded to a stop, drawing weapons. Behind them, the sound of goblins bickering and pouring out of the woods to flank them was audible.

Katarina gulped and summoned her greatsword to her hand, taking a defensive stance. Not too far ahead she could see the walls of their destination: they simply needed to push through. The enemies charged, and the stranded adventurers formed up as best they could. The paladin moved down to deal with the goblins, several thrown spears already bouncing off her heavy armor. The dwarf moved to the center, her companion moving to intercept the gnolls. The rogue moved behind the approaching group to flank, and Katarina and Vetruvi simply charged the beasts.

With a roar of rage, Katarina dived into their midst, greatsword striking down hard on one and splitting it in two. Vetruvi followed, her rapier piercing one while a blast of magical force sent another gnoll flying back. But suddenly, they were underneath a swarm of them. Katarina was forced back by the press of their attack, the unnatural resilience of her elan form protecting her from most of their attacks.

Vetruvi, however, was not so lucky. She screamed in pain as gnoll claws tore into her, then another bit her shoulder, and a third shoved a spear into her side. She stumbled back, looking up at the gnolls in pain and horror. She was going to die she was- pissing herself. Hot wetness flooded her leather suit, warmth covering her crotch and bottom and legs as she pissed herself. The shame she felt was a bit overtaken by the imminent threat of death, at least. But suddenly, Katarina was in front of her. The redhead let out a ferocious roar, and her sword lashed out in a wide arc, spitting fire like the breath of a dragon. But fire wasn’t all. Fire, lightning, icy, even pure light crackled along her sword as the mix of magical energies drove the beasts back. The spirit companion was beside her, and Vetruvi felt its healing energies closing her wounds, the spear popping out and falling to the ground. She looked down at her soaked pants and wished she had worn a skirt.

Samantha, the paladin, waded into the horde of goblins. Her longsword lashed out again and again, striking down the pitiful creatures. Their crude blades and spears did little, although when one narrowly sailed past her head she had peed a little, and even let out a fart. Hopefully not a wet one. The creatures weren’t posing much of a problem other than that, at least. A good number of them flooded by her, heading for others, but there was nothing she could do about that. Slamming her sword into the ground, she released a burst of holy light, blasting away a good number of the beasts. Taking up her sword again, she strode confidently forward, but suddenly stopped in her tracks. A very large metallic bug was exiting the forest, a massive pair of metal pincers on its front. She readied her shield, cautiously advancing towards it.

It looked down at her menacingly, and she let out a whimper. Shield out, she stepped forward, swinging at it with her sword, but even the magical sunblade bounced off its steel hide. Its jaws snapped, but she blocked with her shield….and the beast bit it in half. She screamed. Its jaws slammed together again, crunching into her heavy plate armored leg and lifting her in the air. She screamed louder. Urine rushed out of her like a tidal wave, flooding her pristine white panties and soaking the inside of the armor, falling downwards inside of it and soaking her chest, some even spilling out the neck and coating her face. Helplessly pissing herself, her bowels followed suit, and liquid mess exploded into her now ruined panties, trickling down her back and some even getting stuck in her hair. She didn’t even notice, too busy crying and screaming, completely overcome with fear, covering herself in piss and diarrhea like an incontinent child.

Her sword fell from her hand, and when it hit the ground a flash of light burst from it. The light blinded the bug and the goblins around it, sending them scrambling away and the bugu rearing back in surprise. It dropped the paladin, who hit the ground hard. She didn’t have much time to regain her senses, but she managed to grab her sword and stand, taking off in a run towards the city, wailing in terror, leaving a trail of piss and poo behind her. She wondered if Torm would even accept her back after this show of cowardice.

Whitney, the rouge, had her daggers out, moving to flank the pack of gnolls. A number of goblins that pushed past the paladin’s defensive position decided they didn’t like that, however. Whitney was not a particularly good combatant, nor was she particularly well armored. So when a barrage of goblin spears rained down upon her, followed by a horde of actual goblins, she never had a chance. A spear took her in the shoulder, one arm falling limp. She threw daggers at the approaching goblins, downing one or two, and kept one in hand to defender herself as they reached her. She managed to slice another’s throat, but the creatures clambered atop her, and soon enough she collapsed from sheer weight of goblins, dagger falling from her hand.

They tore at her with claws and knives, ripped her leather armor apart. She screamed and cried, struggling to no avail against the little monsters. She could do nothing but soil herself like a frightened child as claws and daggers tore away at her clothing, goblins biting at her now exposed breasts and weaponry coming dangerously close to injuring even more important places. Maybe the accident helped keep them away, she certainly wasn’t coherent enough to know. Pee soaked her barely holding together leather pants, puddling on the ground beneath her and causing an eruption of laughter from the goblins.

Her bowels moved as well, forcing soft mess into the bottom of her panties and pants, that part still intact. It spread along the ground beneath her, even going up her back a bit as the fearful release expanded. The goblins laughter was interrupted by a fleeing paladin, however, who bowled over a good number of them as she rushed towards the walls of the city. Free from the goblins clutches for a moment, Whitney rose. Her top was completely exposed and her soiled panties were barely holding together, but she ran. The mess got worse and worse, but she had to run.

Karna, the shaman, stood off to the side, channeling healing energy into the two warriors fighting off the gnoll hordes. But soon enough, she could only look on with horror as the gnolls targeted her spirit companion, claws ripping and tearing spiritual flesh. The spirit of her former mentor was sending signals of terror to her brain, and she saw something she had never expected the brave and proud woman who had mentored her to do: the spirit shit itself. The conjuration began to fade as piss flooded down its legs, and hot mess followed suit. Her mentor’s tight shorts never stood a chance against the flood, overflowing as she faded away, leaving only an impression of terror in Karna’s mind.

The dwarf looked down at her breeches and shook her head sadly. She had pissed herself as well. The warmth only now registered, signaling her short legs were coated in shameful release. Turning, she saw the hordes of goblins and bugs approaching, and decided it was time to go. Her short dwarf legs propelled her after the two fleeing women, and when she glanced behind her again at the now several enormous bugs pondering at the edge of the forest she couldn’t even blame hers mentor as logs of poo began to slip into her cloth breeches, spreading everywhere as she fled as fast as she could.

Katarina raged into the midst of the gnolls, her sword sweeping in great arcs of elemental energy. Their claws and weaponry couldn’t seem to touch her, some skipping off her incredibly resilient flesh and thrown weapons actually disintegrating in flashes of fire and light. Magic rushed across her body, all of her alight with its power. She felt so exhilarated, the rage of her barbarian heritage combining with the essence of pure magic. The gnolls didn’t have a chance.

But suddenly, thing went wrong. The Spellplague’s effects on magic were unknown, but very often it went wrong. And go wrong it did. All the energy around her weapon and her suddenly detonated in a brilliant flare of power, blasting away knolls left and right. And blasting her too. She flew forward, tumbling to the ground with a groan and slowly beginning to rise. Her protection hadn’t seemed to help against her own magic gone wrong, and she was visibly injured. Her mind was filled with panic. Her magic had failed, there was no way she could defend herself against all those gnolls, they would all die here before they even reached their destination… Pee rushed out of her, soaking her well-made teal pants with wee.

The wet patch rapidly spread, the entirety of her pants dampening as she tried to shake off the blinding light of her magic to see her death approaching. Suddenly, she could make out a figure above her, and her accident redoubled, piss forcefully exploding from her body. Really, she was going to go out like this? But the figure before her took her hand, and pulled her to her feet. As the light slowly wore off, she saw it was Vertruvi. And behind her, more gnolls. “Come on, we need to run!” the elf shouted at her. They both turned and ran, but a solid thirty feet from the wall Vetruvi cried out in pain as a thrown spear took her in the leg. She fell to the ground, dragging herself forward. “Get out of here! Just leave me!” she yelled.

“Not going to happen!” Katarina replied, turning and hefting her sword. “Get moving towards that gate!” Both women turned to face the oncoming horde, slowly crawling backwards. Vetruvi tried to stab one away, but she knew she was doomed. She didn’t even manage to hit once as gnool after gnoll assaulted them, and as more and more blows hit her she felt consciousness fading from her. She groggily saw a gnoll raising a massive club to finish her, but panic couldn’t fight through her fading consciousness. All she could do was wish it would just end as she pushed soft mess into her panties, coating her bottom and thighs and a bit up her back in shameful waste as she used her pants as a toilet again.

Katarina desperately defended the fallen elf, sword swinging out in wide arcs and cutting down gnoll after gnoll, even without magic. By far the most experienced and competent fighter of the group, she kept herself together. Taking a few hits, she managed to keep herself under control, wincing at the pain of each one as her overloaded magic had disrupted her racial resilience. As Vitruvi began to fade, however, they had only made it a little over ten feet, and the gnolls seemed endless. She couldn’t pull Vitruvi along and keep fighting… Gazing at the seemingly endless hordes still moving towards her, she felt her bowels start to shift, and a considerable bulge of poo pushed its way into her black panties.

No, no! She would not let this happen! She desperately tried to call on her magic, but it was still distorted, still far away. Tears filled her eyes, but before anything else the sound of a hundred bows, and even some ballista, sounded behind her. Arrows and bolts tore into the gnolls before her, the line breaking apart in its entirety and scattering in the face of another barrage. A ballista bolt sailed past her, narrowly taking down a gnoll ready to strike her a killing blow, and she collapsed to her knees. She was pooping, lump of warm mess after lump of warm mess pushing into her panties and staining her pants brown, but she didn’t care. They were saved!

A few minutes later, Katarina joined the other three, carrying Vitruvi’s unconscious form. She stepped up in line beside them, staring at a dwarf who appeared to be the commander of the town’s defenses. She blushed as she saw him look over their wet and messy states, and could hear some of the archers making quiet comments, even a mutter of “Women, no place in combat.” She resisted the urge to yell at the men. She really couldn’t talk at the moment.

The dwarf looked them up and down, shaking his head. “Well, welcome to Loudwater. You aren’t the first group of adventurers to arrive here, in a similar state no less. My name’s Colson. Why don’t you girls come get cleaned up, and then we’ll talk.”

Blushing fiercely, Katarina nodded. “Sounds reasonable. Thank you for your help, Colson.” The dwarf was someone she would consider attractive under normal circumstances, and with first meeting him like this she wanted to just curl up in a ball and cry. But she would have to live with the shame. With the slight squish of messy panties that she despised, she headed into the town.

Messy x-ray of Katarina: $$

Commissioned from LivingInfinite! Check out his other art and tumblr and game and such if you haven't and like this sort of thing. And commission him for fantastic omo or non-omo art if you are into that sort of thing.

