Blooper's Random Stories

Author: blooper

*007*2017-01-01 17:59

Padded Princess

(Despite normally hating diaper stuff, for some reason I feel the desire to write some stuff with them, so bear with me I guess. This story is set in the Staff of Ages Fire Emblem hack, and for those of you who enjoy Fire Emblem hacks this is another one you should check out. It’s not finished like Requim was, but eventually it will be, and what’s there currently is worth playing. Also, to my own amusement, I originally named this padded pegasi, then realized that sounded wayyyy to much like an MLP story so I changed it >.>Finally, as usual open to rp in the setting and look forward to any comments!)

Belle sat next to her mother at the meeting of lords, bored out of her mind. She would rather be out fighting than sitting here discussing the state of the country, especially when that state was so dismal. The queen was speaking confidently despite the countries troubles, and Belle at least had confidence her mother would do what was best. Her royal guard and closest friend, Oona, stood behind her. The princess herself shared her mother’s looks, long light blue hair and a wiry build, along with a fierce expression and determination to spare. Oona was built more like a traditional woman, curves in all the right places and a pretty face, long red hair tied up in a ponytail behind her head. Her appearance was misleading however, as she was one of the best, if not the best fighters in the palace. Hence her assignment to the princess herself. Likely only Seneca was better, the queen’s personal guard who was not present at the moment.

The country was currently experiencing a variety of troubles. Bandit incursions and lack of resources were a start, but the real problem was the Arynden’s. The country had a much greater military force, and it had been harassing border forts, claiming them as Aryden land. The queen’s actions to stop this were minor, since she could not afford to cause war with Aryden. This lack of action was, however, causing public approval and confidence in the queen, even among other lords, to falter significantly. The Arynden’s were well aware of this fact, and their leader, an archsage of great power, had a plan to make it worse.

As the queen and her daughter sat in their meeting, he put the finishing touches on a powerful ritual, a shroud of magic falling over the entire country, particularly heavily over the queen and her daughter. The large size was a requisite of the ritual, and it weakened the control of all the females within the country. Its primary targets, however, were the queen and her daughter, the spell rapidly filling them up as well. The effects were noticeable immediately, Belle’s mother pausing and crossing her legs before continuing, Belle herself desperately trying to stay calm as she suddenly had to go in the middle of an important meeting. She had gone beforehand and everything! If the Aryden’s magic worked as planned the queen and her daughter would embarrass themselves and crush any remaining confidence the people and lords had in them. And weakening a portion of their military in the process couldn’t hurt.

The queen finished speaking, another noble starting his own rant. Belle’s eyes couldn’t help but stray to her mother’s fidgeting legs, realizing her mother was in the same situation she was in. They must have been drugged or something, there was no way this was a coincidence. She turned, about to speak up and interrupt the noble, but out of the corner of her eye she saw her mother’s head lower, her face red, and she stifled a gasp. None of the other lords could see, but the queen’s white dress was turning yellow, her bladder no longer able to be held back. Pee soaked the expensive fabric, puddling around her bottom and spilling out onto the floor. The lightest of crackling sounds was audible only to Belle and Oona, but she could hear the sound of her mother shitting herself as well. Soft mess expanded from beneath the queen’s bottom, coating her white panties and the backside of her dress, her backside quickly caked in mess.

Belle was horrified, at a complete loss for words. She looked over at Oona with a face full of horror, her own needs fighting to get the best of her as well. She felt a leak wet her panties, and desperately clamped down, cutting it off before it got worse. Oona looked worried as well, but she changed to a comforting smile at Belle’s horrified look and put her arm on Belle’s shoulder, squeezing it comfortingly. Belle immediately relaxed in her best friend’s grasp, horror fading. That relaxation was the last straw, however, and her weakened muscles stop holding it as Oona comforted her.

Pee soaked her white panties, spilling out from under her armored skirt and soaking the chair beneath her, pee streaming down the sides of her chair and puddling on the ground. A few heads looked over at her curiously from the sound of her more powerful release, but no one could see anything for sure. Belle blushed brightly, and felt her bowels move as well, thankfully quietly. A firm bulge forced its way into her panties, expanding until it tested the limit of her underwear’s fabric, staining the back of her skirt brown.

The eyes on her faded momentarily as the man speaking made a loud declaration, but once silence fell the only sound that was audible was the lowest of cracklings as Belle continued to mess herself. The room was starting to smell a bit as well, and one of the nobles looked around with indignation. “What is that smell?” he asked, searching for its source. Suddenly, a bright light filled the room, blinding everyone. Belle stifled a gasp and felt a warm wave of pee soak her panties yet again. It wasn’t too much, but she shouldn’t have had anything left. Her mother reacted with surprise as well, letting out a short scream. Luckily, the sound covered up the fart she released as another wave of mess pushed into her panties, badly staining the back of her dress and worsening her already soiled state. “I’m sorry, my shine tome must have malfunctioned.” Oona said, speaking from behind Belle.

“The meeting will have to be adjourned for now. We can finish this discussion on another day.” She spoke with such confidence, combined with her commanding tone, that the other nobles simply accepted it as what was happening. They began to rise and try and make their way out of the brilliant room. Before any of them got very far, however, Seneca rushed in to the room, alerted by the queen’s scream. He knew the layout perfectly, just like Oona, and he easily avoided nobles, vaulting over the council table and landing beside the queen. “What’s happening are you all right?” he asked.

“Y-yes, I’m safe.” The queen replied. The nobles quickly filed out of the room, and when they left, Belle heard the sound of the door shutting, and the light faded. Oona stood by the door, slipping her shine tome back into her pocket. “Seneca, take the queen through the secret passage back to her room. I’ll do my best to hide Belle as we make our way back to hers. As few people as possible should know of this.” Seneca looked momentarily confused, then understanding dawned as he looked at the blushing, embarrassed faces of the princess and her mother. “I…alright.” His nose wrinkled at the smell, and he didn’t look happy, but he took the queen by the arm, helping her rise, and lead her to the wall, moving a painting aside and triggering a secret passage, the door closing behind him as he vanished into it with the queen in tow.

“We can travel to the royal wing through passages, but you’ll have to stay close the rest of the way. We don’t want to let out the fact you…completely soiled yourself at a council meeting.” Oona’s voice faltered at the statement, but she seemed more overcome with worry about Belle than disgusted. Belle was still completely in shock, but she rose and obediently took Oona’s offered hand. She had lost control at a council meeting! So had her mother! What would people say if they found out neither the queen nor her daughter were potty trained!? They were already displeased, this could be an absolute nightmare!

She followed Oona’s lead in a daze, the redheaded troubadour’s face creased with worry as the had to lead the pegasus knight along. They exited the secret passage, Oona moving her body to block the view of Belle in an attempt to hide her accident. They made it most of the way without incident, Oona’s glare warding away curious passerbys, but one servant girl strayed too close, stepping out of the way for someone else to pass, and let out a gasp. It was clear she spotted the telltale brown stain on the back of Belle’s armored skirt, but a vicious glare from Oona silenced her and she fled, leaving a small puddle behind her in fear. The royal guard hoped the servant girl would keep quiet, but it was unlikely. This could not happen again. She knew what she needed to do.

Locking the door behind her, Oona led Belle to a bathtub, already prepared for her by a mage. The princess was still in a daze, but Oona took it in stride, carefully undressing the princess, as usual resisting the urge to drink in her beautiful, toned body, and helped her into the tub. Touching the hot water seemed to restore the princess after a moment, and she turned to Oona, snatching the washcloth from her hand. “I can bathe myself!” she snapped, the embarrassment converting to anger, as expected of the fiery princess. Oona let out a smile of relief at her return to normal and stood back. Belle bathed in silence for a few minutes, then spoke up quietly. “Oona…what happened there. That can’t have been a coincidence.”

“I have no idea, princess.” Oona replied. “Perhaps you and your mother’s meal didn’t agree with you. There’s no way it could have been drugged, I scanned it myself. As much as I hate to say it, I think it’s likely the responsibility lies with you and your mother, not outside forces.”

Belle blushed hotly, turning angrily. “What!? I’ve never done something like that before! Well…nothing as serious as that…” she added, a bit quieter, remembering a variety of accidents while she learned to fly her pegasus. Flying was scary! “Still, you can’t believe both me and my mother simply lost control like children! There had to be something else!” she stared at Oona expectantly, but the troubadour’s expression didn’t change. “Really?” Belle asked weakly.

“I can think of no other explanation.” Oona replied, and Belle’s face fell. “But…” she protested, horrified. “Don’t worry, I’m not mad.” Oona told her, taking on a friendly smile once again. “I just want to make sure another incident like that doesn’t happen again, alright.”

“…alright.” Belle replied, her voice small. Oona walked forward, planting a kiss on Belle’s head, then turned. “I’m going to go check on your mother. Go to sleep once you’ve bathed, they’ll want to continue that meeting early tomorrow morning.” The redhead exited the room.

Belle finished her bath, rising and drying off. Slipping on panties and a nightgown, she collapsed on the bed and quickly fell asleep. Her dreams were unpleasant, twisted memories of her having an accident while making a speech, or losing control while riding with her instructor. Even worse, later on there were visions of her mother, dressed in nothing but a white diaper, sagging and discolored both yellow and brown bound and gagged at Seneca’s feet.

The next morning Belle awoke to Oona’s gentle voice, and she bolted upright as she felt the cold uncomfortableness of her lower body sitting in cold pee. Throwing off the sheets, she gasped as she saw a large, wet puddle, a brown stain mixed in with the wetness. That wasn’t the worst of it, however. She was dressed in a poofy white garment, a soaked diaper showing through the thin material of her nightgown. “What the hell is this!?” she cried.

“It is what is required for the earlier incident to not be repeated.” Oona replied deadpan. “You both wet and soiled yourself during the nighttime, and at that point I decided Seneca’s recommendation was a good one. I changed you out of your ruined panties and put you in that, yet you still managed to soak it as well. Your mother has been similarly protected for the meeting this morning.” She didn’t look particularly happy about this, but she was clearly willing to do her job no matter the task.

“Get this off of me right now! I will not walk around in a diaper!” Belle rose from the bed, angrily raising her nightgown and moving to tear at the material of the diaper. Oona was as fast as ever, however, and her hand caught Belles. “This is not your decision. This is a matter of our nation’s survival. You cannot control yourself, and these are the consequences. The garment is enchanted to hide the smell as well, so you will not have to worry about being exposed by that.”

“Bullshit! Get this off of me!” Belle yelled back, pulling her hand from Oona’s grip and throwing a punch at the other woman while her other hand tried to tear at her diaper. She was outmatched, however, and Oona caught her punch with ease, snatching her other hand and holding them together, violently spinning the princess around and slamming her down onto the bed, one hand holding her hands together the other one pinning her down. The princess’s flight instinct activated, and her body pushed several solid logs of poo into her diaper, Belle helpless to do anything but soil herself.

Oona shook her head as the back of the princesses diaper expanded. “See what I’m talking about?” she asked. “Now be a good girl and cooperate, we need this to stay a secret and you yelling isn’t helping.” Belle turned bright red, imagining someone lifting her armored skirt in public and seeing the awful garment beneath it. Pushing the image out of her mind, she relaxed, resigning herself to Oona’s care. She couldn’t help but feel a bit of a different kind of wetness, however. Oona being so dominating, so clearly and forcefully in charge…it felt good. The princess’s cheeks were rosy as she turned, her vision taking in Oona in a new light. “Fine, we’ll do things your way.” She said, her voice pouty.

After a change, the pair headed to the council meeting. Belle couldn’t help but feel nervous, wondering if anyone else could hear the slight crinkling of her protective garment beneath her skirt. A few servants walked by, whispering to one another at the sight of Belle, and she figured word had gotten out about a possible accident last meeting. When she arrived, the lord’s conversation stopped and they all stared, whether it was because they had heard the rumors or because she was the last to arrive. Taking her seat, she looked around at all the staring faces. “What?” she asked in her usual fiery tone. A few of the noble’s faces seemed to relax, seeing she was her usual self. Another of the nobles spoke up, “We heard you may have had issues with your health last night, and were worried about you.”

Belle nodded. “Well, rest assured there is nothing wrong with me. I am perfectly fine and have no idea what cause there was to be worried.” As she spoke she already felt the need to go again, and silently cursed her own weakness.

The nobleman nodded. “Well, let us turn our attention back to the matter at hand then.” The conversation started anew, and no one mentioned anything else about last night. Part way into the meeting, Belle could tell from her mother’s body language the woman was about to lose it. She was glad none of the other nobles were situated to see the signs, and a moment later the queen’s lower body stopped fidgeting. Her diaper filled with warm pee, and the back of it turned slightly brown as she pushed soft mess into it. She had never had that large of a capacity in the first place, so it wasn’t too bad on her garment.

Belle, on the other hand, had a larger capacity, and so Oona had given her a thicker garment, luckily the princess’s usual armored skirt good for hiding it. Her holding didn’t fare much better, however, and Oona could immediately see the sighs as the princess decided to stop trying to hold it, voluntarily peeing in her diaper, forcing it all out as quickly as possible to shorten the discomfort. She felt icky sitting in the warmth of her own pee, but at least no one else knew. She started to speak, and silently began to mess herself as she did, a firm, considerable lump expanding its way into her diaper. She could feel the warm mass against her bottom, and combined with the warmth of pee, felt herself get a bit aroused. She managed to contain the feeling for now and finished talking.

By the time the meeting finished she knew her mother had used her diaper again, and as she stood the queen seemed to pause, likely peeing for the third time. The nobles filed out and Seneca too the queen’s hand, leading her away. The pee surrounding her now cold, Belle rose, turning to Oona. “Go shut the door and stand guard, will you? I’d like to go in private.” Oona nodded and exited the room, shutting the door. She leaned back against it, listening inside.

Belle rose from her chair, her bladder and bowels barely holding on. She could feel the first part of a log already poking its way into her diaper. Looking around, she saw all the chairs weren’t shaped well enough for what she needed. Carefully removing her belt and sheathed sword, she used the belt to secure the sword to its sheath. Just as she couldn’t hold it anymore, the first of a cascade of logs curling into her diaper and the front warming once again with urine, she slid the sheathed weapon between her legs and began to grind on it, the warm feeling of her wet diaper pressing against her special place unbearably good. She tried to be as quiet as possible, moaning as she grinded against her weapon and continued to soil her diaper, imaging Oona forcing her down in her soiled diaper and spanking her, or even roughly handling her and forcing her to use her diaper.

She climaxed twice during the accident, once when she finished wetting herself and once when the mess finally ended. Panting heavily, she took a minute to compose herself, belting her sword back on. Checking the room for any sighs of her escapade, she exited. Closing the door behind her, she whispered to Oona “I need a change.” The redhead nodded, and led the way back to the princess’s quarters. Unbeknownst to Belle, Oona had heard her moans, and had a suspicion as to what exactly had happened there. They were confirmed when she changed the princess’s diaper and saw sighs of her pleasure, but Belle was too busy basking in being cared for by Oona to notice the evidence.

###

Grace looked at her panties forlornly. This pair was finally soiled beyond cleaning too. The back was so brown it was barely even recognizable as red anymore, and the front was completely see through, soaked so many times. Suddenly, there was a knock at the door, and she jumped a bit in surprise, a trickle of pee running down her bare leg. Quickly placing her panties in a hidden place to be destroyed later, she opened the door a crack. Seeing it was Lily, the newest member of their group and her current roommate, she opened it a bit more, face and part of her breasts visible.

“What do you need, Lily?” she asked. The pegasus knight was still mostly dressed, unlike Grace. She still wore her white skirt and half-leggings, but she wore nothing above the waste. The pair was sharing an inn room for the night, being the girls in the merc group. Grace was momentarily taken aback by the other woman’s beauty. Her long white hair contrasted perfectly with her red eyes, and her considerable breasts were bouncing enticingly as she struggled. The woman was surprisingly muscled as well, strong enough to match even the axe fighters in the group. She wasn’t as fast as Grace had expected from a pegasus knight, but her strength more than made up for it.

“I…I really need to use the bathroom. I’m about to leak!” Lily admitted, blushing. The pegasus knight seemed reserved and bashful despite her form, so saying something embarrassing like that had to be an effort for her. She had her legs crossed and her hand pressed into her crotch, dancing in place.

Grace thought back to the fight, and realized she had seen no sign of an accident from the pegasus rider. The girl’s bladder must be strong indeed if she had held it through the whole battle until now. Come to think of it, she hadn’t seen Lily go to the bathroom since the pegasus knight woke up in the morning, and the day was almost over. Deciding Lily was going to join her in soiling herself, she nodded and opened the door to let the pegasus knight in. Lily’s eyes strayed across Grace’s naked body, blushing a bit, but the girl didn’t have too much time to consider it. She rushed through the open door towards the chamber pot. She didn’t get that far, however, as Grace came up behind her and reached around, grabbing her firm breasts whispering, “You’re beautiful, Lily.”

The white haired woman let out a sharp gasp as Grace’s hands groped her, and a powerful hissing sound was audible. It took a bit longer than Grace expected, but eventually golden yellow liquid soaked the pegasus knights white half-leggings and carved glistening trails down her shapely legs, a large puddle forming on the ground beneath her. Grace spun Lily around, pulling her into a full kiss. The pegasus knight didn’t resist, her submissive personality fully manifesting and removing any chance of protest.

A while later, the two exhausted girls separated. Grace was still naked, and Lily was dressed in nothing but a yellowed, leaking diaper. “I didn’t know you were using those.” Grace commented. The girl had seemed to enjoy herself just fine still in them, whether it be through the material or reaching inside, so Grace has largely let it go.

“Well…recently I’ve found it a lot harder to hold it but…I’ve always had a larger bladder, so it got pretty bad and my pegasus didn’t like it. I decided they were for the best. I don’t suppose, now that I’m with you guys…you could change me?”

Grace looked her up and down, then nodded. “If you’re that much fun all the time, I’ll do anything you want.”

Lilly giggled, blushing. “I got…a lot of experience in my former group. I do plan on rejoining them after this war, but…in the meantime I can be all the fun you need.”

Grace smiled and gave her a quick kiss, somewhat worried by her comment about leaving after the war but putting it aside for now. Surely she could be convinced otherwise later. “Lay down and I’ll get you out of that, then we can shower.” She told Lily. The girl complied, and the pair showered before Grace put Lily in a fresh diaper, tucking her away in bed. The mercenary waited until the pegasus knight was asleep and then slipped out. She returned a short time later from a shadier market in town, carrying her own supply of diapers. These were lighter and designed to be hid under her leather armor. Her capacity didn’t match Lily’s, she didn’t have to worry about overflowing even these. Slipping in to one, she pulled on her pajamas and got in to bed, for once comfortable in the fact she wouldn’t have to pay the inn’s owner for a soaked bed.

###

Belle’s dream of that day still haunted her. She watched helplessly as Seneca held her mother on display before all the nobles and high ranking officials, dress torn to reveal a training bra that was clearly too small for her breasts and a white, poofy diaper. “You’re queen is nothing but a child!” he shouted. The queen whimpered, looking up at him in tears, unable to form anything but a childish wail. He casually reached over and tore off her bra, removing part of her childish farce. She cried out in fear and the front of her diaper yellowed for all to see, her bladder releasing at the slightest hint of provocation. “Look at this disgrace!” Seneca shouted, grabbing the queen by the neck and lifting her up.

The queen let out a choked wail and the back of her diaper, now pointed towards the crowd, turned brown in an instant, a series of wet squelches signaling her loss of control. The man took out his sword with his other hand, pressing the hilt up against the front of the queen’s diaper. She quickly grinded against it, and moments later she quite clearly climaxed in her soiled diaper.

“This is what we let rule us!? No more!” Seneca shouted. He tossed the queen aside, who hit the ground hard and started bawling, another series of rude noises sounding from her as the back of her diaper got browner and bulged out even further. “This cannot continue any longer. And her daughter is no better, a spoiled brat pretending to be an adult! From this day forth, I am the king! Not these girls, no, these children!” Belle could still remember the feeling of her control failing, her bladder and bowels emptying as readily as her mother’s into her diaper as she watched in horror before Oona dragged her out of there.

Belle awoke with a start. Knowing what she would find, she reached down to check her diaper. Wet and soiled. And she needed to go again. Rising carefully, she suddenly remembered they were with others now. The princess and her guard had fled the palace, joining up with some countrymen revolutionaries and the mercenary company Grace and Lily were part of. Oona had had an odd reaction of surprise at seeing Lily, but had not commented further and Belle could get nothing out of her. Gaining the assistance of their neighboring country and her mother’s closest ally as well, Belle and her forces marched their way back through their country, and today they marched on the capital. But first, she had to find Oona and get changed before anyone realized or she lost it and leaked.

Hoping her nightgown concealed the diaper well enough, Belle walked out of her small room into the main room the girls were sharing. To her horror, she saw Lily and Grace both waiting outside the bathroom door, which was closed. Both girls were sitting in positions of desperation, and Lily was making quiet moaning sounds as she squirmed in place. Grace was calmer, just twisting her legs back and forth. Inside she was more nervous than even Lily, however. If she lost control, Lily would find out she was also in diapers when there was no puddle, and she feared she would lose her position of dominance over the girl.

Belle’s vision played over both girls, each dressed in nightgowns like hers, Grace’s red and Lily’s white. Walking over, she gingerly took a seat beside Grace, crossing her legs. “Who’s in there?” she asked.

“Oona.” Grace replied. She woke up not feeling well, and she’s been in there since.

Belle groaned internally. Both of her hopes gone in one instant, Oona was taking up the bathroom so she could make use of neither of them. Her control was wobbling, and she knew she didn’t have much time. Pressing her hand into her crotch, she groaned.

“You have to go too?” Lily asked quietly. Belle reluctantly nodded, and Lily rose. Stumbling awkwardly over into her small room, she returned with a pair of diapers. “Here, you two can use these. I know it’s not pleasant, but it’s better than leaving a puddle. Who knows how long Oona will be.”

Belle turned bright red and looked at Grace. “What do you think?” Both girls knew that their smaller diapers wouldn’t hold another accident, but Lily’s larger ones would. It was their only option. “I…I guess we have no choice.” Grace replied. Lily smiled warmly, and Grace took one of the diapers, slipping it on underneath her nightgown and securing it rather effectively for not being able to see what she was doing. Belle took hers and had a bit more trouble. Holding it in place to cover her other diaper, she said “Lily, I don’t know how to put this on. Can you help?”

The white haired girl giggled and nodded, moving over and lifting her nightgown, securing the diaper for her. Belle prayed the girl hadn’t noticed anything beneath the now second diaper. Lily, still smiling, put one hand on each of the other girl’s diapered bottoms. “Now, all at once.” She declared. All three girls released at the same time, Lilies sagging diaper barely containing the yellow flood, the back sagging heavily enough to be seen beneath her nightgown as she pushed another mess into it. Belle and Grace’s first diapers could hold no more, and their entire accidents leaked into their new diapers, the front yellowing significantly and the back darkening as neither could prevent accompanying bowel movements.

A while later, just as the girls were starting to get fidgety again as the food and drink from last night’s celebration party at reaching the capital worked its way through them all too quickly, the bathroom door opened and Oona stepped out, dressed in only her panties. They were, to the jealousy of the other three, totally clean despite her stomach troubles. “Who pooped their pants?” she asked, the whole room smelling like mess at this point, only Belle’s original diaper carrying the property of hiding the smell. She turned to each girl, and in turn each blushed and looked away. “All of you?” she asked with exasperation. “Alright, in the bathroom now. I’ll change all of you.” All three seemed hesitant, and Oona clapped her hands loudly together. “In the bathroom, now.”

The loud sound took all the girls by surprise, and three simultaneous hissing sounds could be heard as they all wet themselves in surprise. Belle and Grace’s larger, only single used diapers withstood the wetness, yellowing even further and reaching their limit but holding. Lily’s didn’t fare so well, and a golden puddle formed beneath her as she peed straight through her soaked diaper, liquid leaking out the sides and puddling beneath her. “Oops.” was all she said. The girls quickly complied, filing into the bathroom.

“Nightgowns off, now.” Oona commanded, and all three girls undressed, leaving each dressed in only bulging, soiled white diapers. Oona couldn’t help but admire the three beautiful girls, obediently waiting before her. She would have to have some fun with them. Walking over to Grace, she commanded, “Mess yourself too. I don’t want to clean up again for a bit after this.” Lily watched eagerly, her eyes shining.

“But…there’s a chamber pot right there…just get me out of this stupid thing and I can use it.” Grace protested. Oona said nothing, simply reaching around Grace and grabbing her hands, locking them together. Her other hand pressed hard against Grace’s stomach. “Nonono I don’t want to use my diaper, I’m a big girl, the toilet’s right there…” Grace’s protests trailed off into soft sobs as a ppfflltt sounded from her bottom and the back of the diaper quickly sagged, staining dark brown.

“Don’t worry grace, I’m doing it too.” Lily replied, and her face twisted in focus. The white haired girl let out a groan, then her diaper began expanding again. It had no more room, and more pee trickled down her legs from the overflowing garment, alongside the soft mess that began to force its way out through the leg holes of her diaper, brown mush coating her skin.

“Good girl.” Oona told her, moving over to Lily and kissing her, placing her hand against the front of the girl’s diaper. A vibration flowed out of her hand and into Lily’s diaper, the girl clutching hard to Oona and moaning loudly as the powerful vibrations and arousal from her accident quickly brought her to a powerful climax. Panting, she clung to Oona, a new dedication to the sheer dominance of the girl, and Grace sighed. She supposed she’d have to give up on that route now.

Carefully freeing herself from Lily, Oona moved over to Belle, who was doubled over holding her bottom. “I can hold it! I won’t mess my diaper!” Belle declared playfully, but Oona could tell from her body’s movements she was slowly but surely pushing more mess into her diaper. She placed her hand on Belle’s diaper as well, and vibrations shot through the princess’s diaper. She cried out in pleasure, and the back of her diaper quickly reached its capacity, a bit of brown mush escaping before she finished. She climaxed in her diaper as she messed herself, leaning weakly against the wall and smiling happily at Oona.

Finally, the troubadour moved back to Grace, who was blushing and looking from side to side as the others lost control. “Since you don’t want to use this, I’ll get you out of it.” Oona declared, and she carefully removed the sagging white diaper from Grace. When she saw the overflowing smaller protective garment beneath it, however, clearly not Lily’s, a grin spread across her face. “So you do want to after all.” She said, reaching around to the front of Grace’s diaper.

“No! It’s just…I can explain!” Grace protested, but her words cut off in a pleasured moan as she got her own taste of vibration. She grinded furiously against Oona’s hand, climaxing several times as she was pleasured through her soiled, leaking diaper. Panting, she clutched Oona tightly. “I’m sorry for lying…I’ll be a good girl now…” she whispered. Oona smiled and kissed her on the cheek. “Of course dear. For now, let’s get you three cuties changed.”

Belle looked at Lily and Lily nodded, Belle looked at Grace and after a moment Grace nodded as well. “Hold on, Oona.” Belle said, and the three girls approached her. Belle pulled her into a powerful kiss, and the red haired royal guard didn’t protest. Grace moved around behind her and pulled her shirt up, undoing the redhead’s bra and fondling her considerable breasts. Lily lifted up Oona’s skirt, lowering her white tights and pushing her light blue panties aside, tongue attacking the troubadour’s pussy. Pulling back from Belle for a moment, between moans, Oona managed a command: “Drink!”

Belle quickly snatched her lips again, and Oona started to pee. Lily did her best to catch it, lapping at the stream. The pee still soaked her face and hair, the white strands yellowing a bit. It trickled down all over her, soaking her chest and breasts and leaving her glistening with pee. Lily could see Oona’s arousal double at the sight, and eagerly went back to treating the redhead once the stream ended. At that moment, Lily knew she wanted nothing more than to serve Oona. She deserved it for taking care of all of them.

###

Changed and ready, the girls advanced on the royal palace, ready to bring Seneca to justice for his crimes. Their forces decimated the castles outer guard with ease, then moved onto the inner forces. Belle, Lily, and Grace went left to free the prisoners and deal with some of the soldiers. Oona went right, thief in tow, to clear out that section of the castle and keep the thief safe as he looted the treasury. The man was suitably awestruck as she decimated a third of the enemy forces by herself, light magic striking down man after man, fists of burning light destroying those who got too close. As soon as the path was clear, he got to work on the chests. Once they were finished here, he could escape and she could assist the assault on Seneca.

Belle, Lily, and Grace fared well enough on their side. They destroyed the enemy forces with little trouble, a close shave leaving Belle with a soaked diaper but nothing major. They released the prisoners and regrouped, heading towards where Seneca was, the throne. When they entered, a simultaneous gasp of surprise echoed from all three of them. Seneca stood before the throne, artifact sword in one hand, black tome in the other. The pages of the tome were spinning, and the girls could feel the magic radiating from it, magic similar to what caused all these accidents in the first place.

Belle felt her bladder refill in an instant. To their horror, the unconscious bodies of the rest of the army lay around Seneca, completely decimated by the powerful man. The sound of grace wetting herself at the sight was clearly audible to all five of the people present. All eyes went to the fifth still conscious person, the queen. She crouched next to Seneca’s throne, tied to it like a dog. She was dressed in nothing but a large diaper, which already showed signs of use. She showed signs of life at the sight of Belle, struggling and trying to cry out something through the gag stuffed in her mouth. “Stay quiet, bitch.” Seneca told her, slamming the side of his blade into her head. She let out a muffled cry and fell back, her diaper yellowing and browning as she reacted helplessly to the pain.

“Mom….” Belle muttered hopelessly. Taking her sword in both hands, she could feel herself shaking. How could she take this guy on? She tried to control herself, but she just couldn’t. Her trembling muscles let another cascade of pee soak into her diaper, and her anus blossomed, pushing log after log into her diaper, fear completely overwhelming her control. “Y-you!” she shouted, but couldn’t even finish her statement, her voice faltering. The sheer power radiating from him was overwhelming.

Beside, her, she heard Grace fall to her knees, forcefully wetting and messing her diaper as she stared hopelessly at Seneca. Lily stepped forward bravely, lance in hand, defensively in front of Belle, but her hands were trembling and the sound of her powerful muscles pushing messy diarrhea into her diaper was audible to all. His gaze fell upon her, and she let out a whimper, her bladder giving out completely and filling her diaper with a continuous stream of pee as the magic of the tome refilled her bladder when it ran dry. She stood frozen, dropping her spear and staring, completely overwhelmed with fear as her diaper overflowed, pee flowing down her shapely legs and puddling beneath her, showing no signs of stopping.

“So the Piddle Princess returns.” He stated with distain. Walking down towards the trio, her let the tome float beside him, taking his sword in both hands. “Will you face me, Belle? Or are you just like your mother, a façade hiding a scared child who isn’t even potty-trained?”

At the sight of him approaching Belle, the queen struggled to move forward against her chains, flooding her diaper once again in fear for her daughter.

Belle stepped forward around Lily to meet him, sword clenched in her trembling hands. “You…will…pay…for…what you’ve done!” She managed to get some confidence in her voice, finishing the statement with a yell before leaping at him, sword clutched in both hands. She unleashed a flurry of attacks, all her rage, all her strength behind them. He moved like lightning, blade parrying one attack after the other, the best assault she could muster not even testing his defenses. She fell back, panting, and cold fear flowed through her, urine once again soaking her diaper and this time flowing out, trailing down her legs and joining Lily’s still expanding puddle.

“Just a scared child.” He declared. Shooting forward faster than she was prepared for, her grabbed her hand and twisted it, breaking it. She screamed in pain, sword falling aside. “Unfit to rule, unfit to hold a weapon, unfit to wear anything but that disgusting garment.” He continued, sword flashing and tearing away her clothes and armor, save for the over flowing diaper. “Disgusting trash.” He finished, and landed a powerful blow on her stomach. Belle flew backward, landing against the back wall in a heap, ribs and arm broken. A fresh wave of mess forced its way into her diaper from the impact, and she was helpless to even move as mess overflowed her overtaxed garment and stained her legs brown.

Seneca turned as he heard a battle cry, and saw both Grace and Lily leaping at him, furious. He easily sidestepped Lily’s lance, meeting Grace’s sword with his own. She was blasted back by the power of the parry, landing in a heap. Looking up in terror, she watched him stalk closer, and her diaper overflowed with fear inflicted pee and poo, brownish yellow liquid pooling around her as she cowered. He stepped forward, his sword crashing down once, twice, breaking the mercenary’s legs.

She screamed in pain, yet another wave of piss and poo puddling around her, the stench nearly unbearable. Seneca turned to Lily, who had started to come towards him, but seeing him turn, her face contorted with terror. The door opened behind her, and she dropped her spear, pee flowing down her legs once again, and turned, running in to Oona’s arms. The redhead hugged her tightly, glaring at Seneca as Lily sobbed into her chest. Carefully setting the pegasus knight aside, she drew her divine tome and approached Seneca.

“We don’t have to do this, Oona. We both know how weak these women are, how they don’t deserve their position.”

The queen looked on in horror, soiling her diaper again and again, a mess quickly forming around her as her body could do nothing to escape the clutches of terror.

“It doesn’t matter, Seneca. Our duty was to guard them, keep them safe, to make sure they could keep doing their job despite everything. You broke your trust, your duty. You will find only an enemy with me.”

The lithe, blue haired swordsman sighed. “Fine, have it your way. But…you too are a woman, Oona, and that makes you weak.” With that he raised his hand and channeled the tome, dark magic slamming into the troubadour. Oona groaned as she barely managed to avoid the brunt of it, darkness sapping at her strength and filling her bladder and bowels. She took a moment to control the new urge, then raised her own tome. Blasts of light tore after the swordsmaster. Even Seneca’s incredible speed was no match for Oona’s assault and he rocked back under blow after blow of divine magic.

But her body was faltering, weakening under the dark magic. Seneca saw his opening, and he took it. Firing a beam from his sword, he speared the divine tome from her hand, sending it flying across the room. She felt herself leak, her panties dampening, and she faltered for a moment, hesitating to reach for her backup tome. In an instant, Seneca was across the room, too fast for her to keep up with while inconvenienced by her bladder. His blade was at her neck, and she had no tome in hand. There was nothing she could do. As hard as she worked to fight it, fear flooded her. It started off as a small trickle, a single golden trail falling down her white leggings, then it became a flood. A hundred golden lines traced their way down her glistening, shapely legs, a powerful streaming falling down beneath her skirt. She was bright red. No, no! This can’t be happening!

Seneca laughed aloud. “So, in the end, you are no better than them. Such a disappointment Oona. You could have been a good officer. Instead, join your queen.” Raising his hand, he aimed his sword at Belle. “Mess yourself right now or she dies.”

Oona stared back at him, eyes full of fury, but she could do nothing. Grunting, she forced the start of a wave of soft mess into her panties, staining the light blue material brown. Another followed, then another, the book doing a good job of giving her a massive load to expel. Brown mush filled her panties entirely, then moved on to her leggings, coating the entirety of her leggings in muck. Finally, she was done. Falling to her knees, tears in her eyes, humiliation evident on her face, she still glared up defiantly at Seneca.

The man walked forward laughing and cut her skirt aside. “That was a good start. But we will prove you are no better than any of them.” Channeling his tome, her underwear and leggings disappeared, replaced with a fresh, clean diaper. The garment was covered with small pegasus drawings, Belle riding them. The power in his tome flashed immensely, and she suddenly felt the worst need to pee and poo she had ever experienced. I was like he had filled her bladder and bowels twice over. “If you can keep your diaper clean for ten minutes, I will let you and your friends go. If you can’t…you’ll end up just like your queen, diapered pets that have no right to control themselves.”

Oona couldn’t believe it as he summoned a diaper on her. She could only stare at the garment in horror. He couldn’t do this! This was madness! She was not some child, to soil her diaper! But the need was too great. Staggering to her feet, she hobbled towards him as he returned to his throne, summoning a fresh diaper on the queen before slapping her diapered bottom, causing a fresh wave of poo and pee to fill the garment. She made it half way too him, ever so slowly, over the course of three minutes.

But she could take it no longer. Trembling, completely overwhelmed with shame, she soiled her diaper. The explosion of pee that burst from her was immense, drenching her diaper in moments and cascading down beneath her, dwarfing even Lily’s puddle. Wet, soppy mess exploded from her backside, completely saturating the back of her diaper and once again turning her legs a dark brown, the puddle beneath her darkening as she helplessly shit herself. Seneca laughed and laughed, occasionally striking the queen and eliciting another loss of control from her.

When she finished, he waved his hand, magic pulling her forward and replacing her destroyed diaper with a fresh one. It deposited her on his lap, and she could already feel the need to go return. He laid her across his lap, patting her diapered bottom. “It seems you can’t hold it either, you poor thing.” He told her. “You’ve been a bad girl, and you know what happens to bad girls.” She was so filled with shame and humiliation she couldn’t formulate a response or fight back. He reached out, tendrils of darkness flowing in to her and stealing all the strength from her sphincter muscles.

“You’ll never go without a diaper again.” He whispered maliciously, and she could feel the loss of her muscle strength all too well. She leaked a bit into her diaper, and then he spanked her. The blows were slow and steady, but her loss of control was immediately. She began to cry as she completely lost control in her fresh diaper, her once powerful muscles no longer able to hold anything back. The diaper swelled underneath his hand, and pounded it back down, the mess spreading around her bottom as he continued spanking her.

Oona was filled with horror. Images of Belle changing her, of wetting her diaper during training, during meetings, of the look of pity that would be in Belle’s eyes as she helplessly wet herself even worse than the princess, as bad as the queen. This couldn’t happen! He had no right!!! Sudden defiance and anger filled her, and she moved like lightning while he was distracted. She snatched the dark tome from beside him, her other hand snatching the backup tome from her belt, and she unleashed a powerful blast of light. The whole room turned to blinding brilliance, and the screams and simultaneous full accidents of all four other women in the room were audible. Only she could see in the brightness, and she snatched the blinded Seneca’s sword before he could find it.

The diaper and the rest of the clothes on her body were completely purged, and she floated backwards, the shine tome finally burning out. Seneca was left on his throne, staring down naked Oona who held his dark tome, his sword knocked far out of reach. He started forward, but was stop by grasping arms of darkness that grabbed him. Oona smiled, her face a mask of hatred and loathing. “I know more about magic than you ever will Seneca, even dark magic. This power is mine now.” The man’s face became fearful, and he desperately struggled against the grip of the darkness, to no avail. All his speed couldn’t help him in the tomes grasp. Finally, he gave up. “Kill me if you will. Your country is nothing but children without me. Even you.”

Oona blushed as she felt what he was indicating, the stream of pee that was trailing down her naked legs unwantedly. Her lack of control didn’t let her do anything about it, so she ignored it. “I’m not going to kill you. I’m going to make you weak like us...Sally.” Raising her hand, dark magic suffused Seneca, and in a few moments in his place stood a thin, busty woman with short blue hair, dressed in the tight fitting black garments of a swordsmaster. Sally could feel herself immediately fill from the tome, and she stumbled back, struggling fiercely once again against the darkness.

“No…please!” she protested. Oona advanced maliciously, and Sally shrank back, the dark material of her tight pants darkening with liquid as she fearfully wet herself. Her bowels were on the edge, shaking in fright, and suddenly she cried out as the queen slapped her bottom with a giggle. The sound of Sally messing herself was audible to everyone in the room, the tight black pants expanding and bulging out beneath the mass. The darkness let go, and she stumbled back, falling in a messy heap against the throne.

Oona motioned with her hand, and the queen’s leash snapped, and Sally’s messy pants were replaced with a fresh diaper. The queen wasted no time in crawling on top of the cowering blue haired woman who had once been her lover. She tore away her shirt, eagerly licking and biting at her nipples. Sally, beneath her, moaned in pleasure, her mind completely corrupted from what it once was by the dark magic, converting smoothly in to that of a woman’s. Sally could feel the dark magic weakening her sphincter muscles, and soon her control was just as bad as Oona’s. Her clean diaper expanded as the queen’s loving became more violent, first the front with yellow, then the back with brown mess as the queen ferociously reclaimed her lover.

Oona turned away from them, having no desire to watch. Picking up her fallen fortify staff, she held it in the air, healing magic flowing through all of her allies and mending their broken bones. Normally such wounds would not be so easy to deal with, but her already powerful magical skills combined with the boundless energy flowing from the book made it possible. Looking down at herself, she considered for a moment. Summoning up a fresh diaper on her, she looked at it curiously, moving around a bit in it. Suddenly, all three girls tackled her, and she fell with an oof. Belle, Lily, and Grace all hugged her tightly, shouting joy and praise at their victory.

Oona was focused elsewhere, however. Her weakened muscles failed at the impact of the tackles, and she soaked her diaper, considering the warmth. Her bowels didn’t hold up any better, and she considered them as well as she pushed soft mess into her diaper, the garment turning yellow and brown as she continued to go until it reached capacity. It felt pretty good. She would restore her muscles later, but for now the girls could enjoy it. The feeling was nice, and she was sure the girls would love changing her every so often, especially if they did something to make her lose it, so she’d let it fade back occasionally. Smiling, she left the mess diaper on, hugging and kissing her girls as they celebrated a very messy victory.

(I’ve been working on an awakening new years thing, but damn there a lot of characters. Hopefully it’ll be out pretty soon, though sadly not on new years.)

