Blooper's Random Stories

Author: blooper

*009*2017-01-07 17:05

Awakening New Years

(Well it’s a bit past new year’s, but here’s the awakening thing. If further awakening stuff is wished for in the future, I’ll probably need specific characters because man there are a lot of random awakening characters I don’t normally care about @[email protected])

It was the day before New Years, and preparations were in full swing. The royal family was keen on celebrating their victory over Walhart, and Sumia, alongside her best friend Cordelia, was orchestrating a massive banquet. Cordelia had of course dragged her daughter and boyfriend into helping. At the moment Severa was carrying a massive cask of alcohol, muttering complaints the whole while. Her father was helping move tables into position, and she couldn’t help but feel a bit annoyed they were just being used for their strength. Severa had inherited her father’s powerful muscles, and just as the large banquet tables was an easy task for the massive berserker that served as the army’s tactician, any of the things that needed carried, even giant casks, were easy for his daughter. Fortunately, she had been informed ahead of time what she would be doing, and had planned accordingly.

She had visited Tharja, and after negotiating a bit with the mage, she had acquired a cursed flask of wine that would cause urgent need to pee and poop, for women only. She had of course told her it was for Cordelia, since Tharja was still unhappy with her mother over the whole Robin ordeal. With a bit of work, Severa managed to expand the curse from just the flask to the whole store of drinks for the party, and now she hauled it towards the hall, sabotage complete and once again annoyed at the extra work. Still, she couldn’t help but be a bit excited about the party. Joyous events like this were long gone in her time, and she would finally have an occasion to wear one of her fancy dresses.

Dragging the last of the tables in place in the giant hall, Severa let out an exhausted sigh. She only had a few hours left to get dressed and prepare! Giving her work a once over to make sure everything was in place, she nodded in satisfaction and headed off towards the quarters she shared with Lucina. She didn’t bother knocking, slipping into the room and quietly closing the door behind her. The blue haired princess stood in front of her closet in only her black bra and panties, and Severa grinned. These were Lucina’s normal garments, so she didn’t have to feel bad about causing issues with clothing for the banquet. Still moving quietly, she snuck up behind Lucina, growling into her ear enough to scare her but not alert people outside the room, reaching around with one hand and muffling the princesses scream, the other hand groping Lucy’s partially exposed breast through her bra.

Lucina screamed in surprise, although the sound was muffled by Severa’s hand. There was a loud hissing sound as pee soaked the princess’s black panties and cascaded down her bare legs, leaving them glistening yellow, much to Severa’s delight. Pressed up against the princess’s back, Severa could feel the back of Lucina’s panties bulge out, soft mess forcing its way into them, slowly expanding and sagging down until they approached their limit and the princess was empty.

The princess struggled in her grip and Sev let her go. Lucina spun to face her, bright red. “Sev, I didn’t expect you back so soon. You scared me…” Lucina put her hand on her bulging panties, blushing even harder.

“Aww, my little princess got scared and had an accident.” Severa grinned at Lucina like a predator eyeing its prey. “Don’t worry, I’ll help you clean up.”

Lucina considered, but suddenly her eyes lit up and she shook her head. Severa silently cursed: it seemed the princess had overcome her surprise and was back in charge.

“No. You’re my attendant, and you’ve done something worthy of punishment. Clothes off and on the bed, now.” It was Severa’s turn to blush, but she nodded and did as she was told, stripping down to only her panties. There was an obvious splotch on her dark blue panties, the combination of Lucina’s accident and anticipation at her commanding tone leaving her extremely turned on. Still obedient, the blue haired mercenary hopped onto the bed, looking expectantly at Lucina.

The princess walked confidently forward despite her sagging panties and glistening legs, and Severa nearly swooned at the sight. The princess gracefully moved onto the bed, laying her mercenary companion over her lap. “We don’t have that much time, this will have to do for now.” She said. Raising her hand, she slapped it against Severa’s panty clad bottom. The girl let out a moan, and a spurt of pee dampened Lucina’s lap. “It seems you’re just as incontinent.” Lucina added, grinning, and continued her punishment.

Severa was, in fact, easily the most continent woman in the army. The powerful muscles she inherited did an excellent job of keeping her bathroom needs under control, and she had plenty of bravado in the face of fear. But she melted in Lucina’s arms, the next slap causing an even louder moan and a full-fledged stream of pee to escape her. She grinded herself against Lucina’s knee, trying to keep her sound to a level loud another people wouldn’t hear it walking by the room, and continued to wet herself. Another slap, and this time she let out a loud fart, staining the back of her panties. Another, and another, and she was forcing soft mess into them, the dark blue fabric bulging out and expanding underneath Lucina’s hand, another slap squishing it and spreading it around her bottom. After a few more slaps Lucina stopped, and Severa rose from her lap, still messing herself, and tackled the princess down onto the bed.

Several hours later…

Cordelia, dressed in neither her traditional white pegasus armor nor her dark flyer robes, the first time many of the army had seen her dressed in something different, greeted people at the door. The red haired woman wore a beautiful blue dress that exposed very little, unlike most of the women’s dresses. Sumia was with her, adorned with a long white dress that unlike Cordelia’s showed off her impressive cleavage.

Soon, everyone was accounted for except for their oldest daughters. The pair looked at one another and as one started to head towards their daughters room but Severa and Lucina intercepted them on the way there, faces still red but dressed for the party. Severa wore a short, revealing red dress, while Lucina as usual wore something less ladylike, a shining black shirt and coat and black breeches, all the finest material. Both girls wilted a bit under the knowing grins of their mothers, but they hurried by, Severa shooting Cordelia a glare and Lucina giving Sumia an apologetic smile.

The pair quickly made their way to their seats, and Cordelia and Sumia did as well, Sumia taking her spot beside Chrom and Cordelia sitting down between Robin and Severa, wrapping an arm around each of them and giving each a kiss on the cheek. Robin returned the gesture as Chrom rose to give a short speech commemorating the event, while Severa blushed and shied away from her mother’s grasp, prompting a giggle from Lucy. The blue haired princess pushed Severa back into Cordelia’s grasp with a grin.

After a few hours, the party was in full swing. The dance floor was well populated, dominated by Robin and Cordelia as she tried to get the big man dancing gracefully. It was probably a lost cause. Back at the head table, a servant approached Chrom, whispering something in his ear. He frowned, rising. “What’s going on?” Lucina asked, curious. At that moment Severa returned, slipping back into her seat.

“Nowi and Nah are unconscious in the women’s bathroom.” Chrom said with a groan. “In dragon form. Someone must have gotten them to drink, and neither of their …small bodies were up to it, I guess. I have no idea what we’re going to do about it, but we’ve got to try something. The lord walked off to try and deal with the incident, shaking his head in exasperation. Lucina looked at Severa to see her grinning and groaned. She saw what Severa had in mind, and couldn’t say she was surprised. She didn’t really have to go again though, despite their earlier escapade.

Sumia crossed her legs, looking at the two girls curiously. Bending downward, she groaned. “I do hope he gets that problem fixed soon. I’m absolutely bursting.”

Lucina nodded in agreement. “Me too mom, me too.” Severa just grinned, already just as full as the others but unbothered, her powerful muscles doing her favors here.

Elsewhere, the first effects of Severa’s plan were seen. Flavia had Basilio pinned down on top of a table, both of the Khans clearly extremely drunk. Suddenly, Flavia’s face turned bright red, instead of the slight tinge it was before, and a loud hissing sound was audible as her brown silk breeches were suddenly soaked in pee, the khan’s powerful muscles forcefully spraying pee through them and puddling on Basiliio beneath her. “What in the blazes are you doing, woman!?” he shouted, rolling her off of him. He pulled himself up to a sitting position, locking Flavia in a headlock. The woman groaned, continuing to wet herself, and struggled against his grip, but eventually she fell limp back against him with a groan. A crinkling sound was audible, and Basilio looked down to see the back of Flavia’s pants bulge out with mess. “What are you doing!? Go clean up, you drunk woman!” Basiliio pushed Flavia off the table, rising with disgust.

Sully and Kjelle were next, the pair guzzling at alcohol at an alarming rate, Stahl desperately trying to get the pair to stop with no results. Sully was dressed in fine red trousers, but Severa had convinced Kjelle to dress up a bit more, and she wore a shimmering grey one piece dress. The younger girls snickered as the sound of her drunk mother having an accident became apparent. Sully didn’t even realize she had lost control, piss soaking her trousers.

“I think…I’m just going to have a nap here…” the redheaded cavalier managed, slumping over on the table. As she fell unconscious, the back of her trousers started to expand, Sully filling her panties with mess as she fainted from too much to drink. Kjelle could feel herself reaching her holding limit, and she struggled to rise from her seat, her stomach acting up as well. She made it a few feet before doubling over, puking. As she did so she lost all control, her bent over position giving a perfect view of her toned, panty clad ass pushing a brown bulge into her panties, log after log squishing flat against the material and soiling her pristine grey panties. Her bladder fared no better, and her muscular legs were soaked with golden streams.

Back at the head table, Cynthia approached her mother. The pegasus knight was wearing a short blue dress, and her panties sagged beneath it, combined with her glistening legs clearly indicating her situation. She whispered to Sumia, but was interrupted by a loud ppbbllrrtt from her mother. She gasped in shock as Sumia lowered her head in shame. The woman’s brown dress was darkening at the front as she pissed herself, and the sounds indicated she was soiling her panties just as shamefully. Shortly after she finished, chrom returned, shaking his head and muttering about dragons. It seemed the castle staff had finally managed to drag the two dragons out of the women’s bathroom and clean the dragon sized puddles up. Seeing the soiled state of his wife and daughter, Chrom sighed and escorted the pair back to their quarters to clean up.

Lucina was squirming at this point, not confident in her ability to hold it for much longer. She almost lost it when Severa pulled her up from her seat. The mercenary whispered, “Hurry!” and took off, Lucina in tow. The blue haired pair entered the women’s bathroom, Severa locking the door before word got around that the bathroom was available. There were only two pots in this sections bathroom, so the pair could justify taking up the bathroom. “Sev, what are you doing? People need to use this.” Lucina hissed. She wasn’t entirely displeased with the notion, but it just wasn’t proper!

“Relax, it’ll be fine.” Severa sat down on one of the pots, not taking even lifting her dress. “Come on, sit down on my lap Leaky Lucy. You don’t have much longer.” The princess blushed hotly at the name, but she knew Severa was right. It wouldn’t be much longer before she completely soaked her blue trousers. She took a seat in Severa’s lap, leaning back and nibbling on the other girl’s ear.

Say’ri shook her head. The Voice had already wet herself once today, though luckily people had respectfully pretended to not notice the puddle underneath the manakete. Now, it was even worse. Somehow Tiki and Anna had managed to get into a scuffle, and the merchant had lifted the Voice’s red dress, exposing her soaked red panties. Her other hand tickled the manakete, and after a moment of giggling the floodgates opened for the dragoness. Her red panties flooded for the second time in an instant, her exquisite legs glistening with a cascade of urine. The back of her red panties expanded with a cascade of soft mush, pushing outwards and staining but not breaking their limits. Anna burst out in laughter of her own, and the dragoness fought back, pressing both ends of Anna’s dress against its owner’s body as Anna lost control herself.

The merchant’s red dress was completely soaked down the front as she powerfully wet herself, her puddle mingling with Tiki’s. The back of her dress fared now better, the sagging brown mass that filled her panties staining her dress as well as Tiki’s hand forced it against her messy bottom. Say’ri rose, separating the two. “Come on Lady Tiki, let’s go clean up.” She said, her voice filled with exasperation. She started to lead Tiki, but the drunk dragoness was having none of it. “You have to goo toooo Say’riiii” she mumbled, reaching around and forcefully pressing on the swordswoman’s stomach. Say’ri groaned. Even out of dragon form, Tiki was surprisingly strong, and she felt the contents of her bowels being pushed out of her. Struggling and groaning, she pushed a large clump of firm mush into her wraps, then another. A single, powerful stream of pee hit the ground with a hiss, pouring from beneath her dress, the dragoness’s hand forcing everything out.

Panne desperately wanted to just pull off her panties and go in a corner, but that was indecent to these manspawn. She tried her best to hold it, to maintain decorum, but she felt herself start to lose it. The bunny girl soaked her panties as she rushed for a corner. Crouching down, she started to reach for her panties but felt a shove and fell forward. Spinning around, she looked up at the grinning face of drunk Aversa. With a gulp, she considered her options, but her bowels were having none of it. The taguel noisily began to mess herself, staring up at Aversa.

“My my, what a cute little thing you are.” The dark flyer stated, elegantly walking forward until she stood over Panne. “You’d look a bit better with some of this, however.” The dark flyer was dressed in her usual skimpy outfit, and she started peeing, her panties barely stopping any of the flow as pee cascaded down onto Panne’s chest, soaking through her purple dress. Soft, slimy mess filled the woman’s panties, escaping the confines of her lack of dress and splatting on the ground near or on Panne.

A line was forming for the bathrooms now. The mages, Miriel and Tharja, stood near the back of it. Tharja was clutching herself and glaring darkly at the bathroom door. Miriel stared at the line in front of them for a moment, her eyes grim. “I recommend we simply release ourselves now.” She told Tharja. “There is no way we will be able to hold it until this line lets us reach the restrooms.” With that, the mage released control, pee soaking her robes and poo bulging out in her panties underneath them. Satisfied, the mage turned and left the line.

Further up the line, Noire was doubled over. She squirmed, her impressive legs and breasts jiggling at an enticing rate. Suddenly, she let out a pained whimper and froze. Pee soaked her panties and pants, the back expanding in one massive, fart heralded burst of poo. Her jiggling began anew, and a few moments later, another violent burst of mess forced its way into her pants. She blushed fiercely, unable to face those around her as she violently and noisily pushed a third wet splatter into her pants.

Tharja watched her daughter lose control and sighed. This was as good an opportunity as ever. Quietly casting a hex, she relaxed her bladder and bowels. Her robes remaining untouched, however. Instead, the power of Noire’s pee stream doubled, and her bursts of messing were suddenly doubled in rate as well, the back of her pants quickly and obviously ruined under the combined results of her and her mother’s bowels. Tharja underestimated her accident due to lack of knowledge of Severa’s choice of drug, however. Suddenly her spell overloaded, and she cried out as pee flooded her panties and leggings, her rear rapidly expelling wet mess into her leggings as well. The slimy diarrhea that coated her leggings quickly became obvious as she continued to mess herself alongside Noire.

Elsewhere, in a storage room, Maribelle and Lissa were passionately kissing. Both girls had abandoned their dressed, Lissa dressed only in a white bra and panties and Maribelle in a pink bra and pink panties with leggings attached. (No clue what their name is but hopefully people know what I’m talking about.) Maribelle violently forced Lissa down on top of a crate and the princess let out a groan as the impact forced her to lose control. Her white panties turned see through as pee soaked them, and Maribelle’s hand groping her bottom could feel the rapid wave of poo that filled her panties, no end to the wave in sight. Maribelle had already soaked her panties, the whole reason the pair had been looking for somewhere private earlier, but they had made the best of it. Suddenly, they head the door opened and they broke apart, both turning fearfully. Frederick stood in the doorway, glaring disapprovingly.

“I can explain…” Lissa protested weakly. The princess was engaged to the great knight, and she didn’t want him to be mad at her for this little dalliance. “Its fine, princess. I’m sure this blonde fiend lured you into it.” The knight moved forward with a fierce smile on his face. He lifted Maribelle with ease, placing her over his lap. Without missing a beat, he began to spank her. He knew the worst thing for the noble girl was humiliation, so spanking her in front of the girl she tried so hard to dominate seemed about right. The blonde noblewoman veritably wailed in shame, blubbering and begging for him to stop.

“Please, I haven’t done anything to deserve this! I need to use the restroom, unhand me this instant! Please, I can’t mess myself…I haven’t done that since I was a child!(A lie, they all knew, but it was the façade she liked to keep.) Even as her protests degraded he refused to listen and soon enough Maribelle’s panties expanded as the proud woman began to mess herself. The noble was sobbing now, barely even coherent as she horribly ruined her panties. Lissa looked horrified at first, but looking between Frederick and Maribelle she began to grin, even giggle a bit, which only made Maribelle’s humiliation worse.

Back in the bathroom, Lucina couldn’t hold it anymore. As she snuggled in Severa’s lap, she lost control of her bladder and bowels. Her blue pants were thoroughly soaked, along with Severa’s lap. The back of her trousers bulged out and browned, the stain spreading down them a bit. Severa groped it with a giggle, and Lucy blushed and buried her head in her fiance’s breasts. “You’ve made a mess, princess.” Severa commented, and a muffled “Don’t tease me.” came from the princesses buried head.

Not quite at the line, Cherche and Olivia were distracted by a noise spouting Virion. Neither could escape his clutches, and soon enough neither could control themselves. Olivia turned brighter red than Cherche’s hair as her skimpy dancer’s clothing exploded with pee, soaking her and spraying everywhere. Her panties could barely contain any mess, and soft mush dripped down her legs. Cherche herself was dressed in a stylized maid’s uniform, and she doubled over with a groan, turning with one hand against the wall behind her. Her position gave Virion a perfect outline of her well-muscled ass pushing mess into her maid’s panties.

They rapidly expanded under Cherce’s impressive output, and the eventually exceeded their capacity, firm mess leaking out the sides. A powerful yellow stream was visible as well as her strong bladder vacated itself rapidly. Both girls let out a simultaneous moan as Virion’s hands groped each of their asses. “It seems both of you lovely ladies have had unfortunate incidents that will require the removal of your clothes.” He declared with a grin. “If you’ll come with me, we can deal with this in the most pleasant way possible.” Both women blushed but nodded, obediently following him out of the room.

Back in the main room, Cordelia and Robin were still on the dance floor. Cordelia was trembling with effort, barely keeping her light blue panties and dress clean. “Dear, I think we should hunt down the troublemakers now, shouldn’t we?” she asked. Robin nodded, and the pair left the dance floor.

Severa and the thoroughly soiled Lucina moved to exit the bathroom. The sounds of the line had died away, and Severa was still holding on fairly well. Just as the pair opened the door, however, they came face to face with the towering form of Robin and the beautiful form of Cordelia. “You’ve been up to no good, haven’t you Severa.” Cordelia scolded. Caught completely by surprise, her daughter stumbled back. Lucina let out a satisfied laugh as pee sprayed from beneath Severa’s dress. It was rare to see Severa so surprised as to lose control, but her mother and father appearing, knowing what she had done, was one of the few ways. The mercenary landed back on the chamber pot with a plop, and began messing herself as well. Right on top of the toilet she pushed soft mess into her panties, expanding and soiling them. Still filled with shock as she wet and messed herself, she stammered, “M-mom and dad?”

Cordelia grinned. “Lucina, take care of her. Turning, she and Robin headed back towards their quarters. Lucina barely contained her laughter, helping Severa pull herself to her feet. “A bit leakier than you thought, hmm Sevi?” she asked teasingly. Severa blushed hotly, even brighter when Lucina’s hand groped her soiled bottom. “I..ughh. Dammit mom.” Severa mumbled.

Cordelia was absolutely squirming when she closed the door to their room. Before she could turn, she felt Robin’s hands caress her small, firm breasts and stomach, and she let out a pleasured moan. She leaned back against him, and as he continued to caress her she let out an intentional, overdone whimper and lost control. A devastating cascade of pee soaked her shapely legs, completely saturating her light blue panties and the front of her dress, thanks to Robin’s caressing hand pressing against her warming crotch. As she began to mess herself his other hand was on her bottom, and the firm mess that made its way into her panties was forced to spread all about, coating her bottom in warm mess. Her moans intensified, and she pushed backwards, Robin obeying the signal and yielding ground until they both fell on top of the bed and immersed themselves in lovemaking.

“Was it worth it, Sev?” Lucina asked as she surveyed the mess of a dining room. Beside her, Severa uncomfortably adjusted herself in her messy panties. Taking a look around the room, the mercenary nodded. “Yep.” With that, she pressed the princess against the wall, kissing her ferociously.

*010*2017-01-30 19:28

In His Shadow, Under His Wing, In His Arms

(So this story is a bit differently written than usual, I think. We'll see how it goes. Anyway, incest warrrnniiinnnggggggggg. I’ve stopped caring after Genealogy but other people will so here’s your warning, what with not changing the tags on the thread. Isn’t that graphic or anything. Or better yet since its fire emblem, you can assume some contrived reason that they aren’t actually related, since that always happens in FE. Probably from a new queen who came in after Michalis’s mother died or something >.> Also credit to Dangerous Beauty by KittyKatLoren for inspiring(plus I stole a scene) this material.)

The cell was cold and dark. Even worse, there was nothing to distract her. Minerva shifted in place, her once royal garments torn and dirtied. At least they hadn’t raped her yet. But all she could think about was her failure, what she had allowed to happen. She had thought she could lead Macedon, that she could be the ruler the country needed. She had put on a strong face, she had not faltered. But the general’s were never satisfied, and her support of the Whitewings had been the last straw.

When the newly appointed “general” Palla had messed herself in the heat of combat, the rest of them took action. It seemed they had some outside aid as well, but in the end Minerva had found herself with all too few allies, and the fight was lost before it even began. The coup placed General Rucke in charge of the kingdom, and Minerva was helplessly relegated to the dungeon. She had continued to keep up her brave façade, but it was slipping fast. She had been holding it for days now, and she knew it wouldn’t be long before she completely soiled herself and none of the few people she was making progress bringing to her side would come see her anymore. She had never been strong on the inside, only the out, and when on one was here she was often reduced to laying on her poor excuse for a bed, sobbing into her pillow. As she was now.

All she had was her thoughts. No one would help her. Michalis was dead, Maria vanished, probably gone as well. She cursed her weakness. Michalis would never have let this happen. If he was still here, Macedon would be strong enough to stand up to the tyrants of Archanea. He had been right all along, after all. Archanea was the real threat. She should have never left his side… Anxious to get away from her regrets, her thoughts turned to Michalis, to the man who had given her the drive to do something with herself, to be more than a passive, helpless princess.

Sixteen year old Minerva was wearing a suit of red training armor. She lay on her stomach, hidden in the underbrush of the forest. In a clearing in front of her, her older brother practiced. His lancework was lightning fast, each strike more powerful than the axeblow from the army’s most elite dracoknights. With blistering speed, he executed attack after attack, ripping apart the plate armored training dummies with ease. He was only 18, but he was already the most competent warrior in the entirety of Macedon, and likely most of if not the rest of the continent.

She had been attempting to mimic his movements earlier, though she couldn’t really keep up. Still, she was improving. Even if Michalis refused to allow his little sister to learn the ways of fighting, she had been determined to be like him. Secret training sessions, and just as much time watching him practice as he practiced had formed her into an impressive warrior on her own. Already she was more than the equal of most of the guards she had convinced to train her.

As she watched the impressive display of the shirtless man in front of her, she felt a wetness forming in her panties. Worried she had wet herself, she moved to check, but found only a slight stickiness. Unsure of what was happening, she readjusted herself and went back to watching. It only made her more worried about the reason she had stopped imitating him, however. She had to pee badly. Thanks to the expectations of her and her powerful muscles, she was usually fine at holding it, but she hadn’t gone since last night, too busy rushing to get out here in time for Michalis’s practice. Squirming with the pressure of her full bladder as she continued to spy on Michalis, Minerva barely held back a moan of pleasure as her crotch scraped against a root. She didn’t really understand what was going on but it felt good.

The practice continued for a while longer, and Minerva knew she couldn’t hold it anymore. Unable to sneak away while so desperate, she had no choice but to try and hold it. A moment later, she let out a muffled gasp as warmth flooded her pants. Her bladder decided it had had enough, and a wave of pee exploded from her. Her panties and pants were quickly saturated, and her shirt was next, a huge yellow puddle forming underneath her prone body. Unfortunately for her, the puddle kept expanding, flowing out form the brush she was taking cover in and spreading a bit into the clearing Michalis practiced in.

With a final flourish, the dracoknight destroyed one of the mannequin’s heads, metal helmet and all. His keen eyes seemed to have caught her accident, however, and he walked towards her hiding spot. “Come out!” he commanded, and she nearly let out an eep of fear. Slowly rising, she stepped out of the brush. He moved like lightning, and his hand was around her throat before she could even speak. Fear rushed through her, and she felt herself force a small, warm lump of poo into her panties. At the same time she felt exhilaration. She was enjoying the feeling of him handling her, of reacting fearfully.

Seeing her face, his fierce expression softened, and he set her down with an annoyed sigh. “What are you doing here, sister?” A glance at the training spear laying dropped to the ground and her training armor gave him all the answer he needed, and Minerva just lowered her head shamefully. She felt completely exposed before him, and the feeling wasn’t wrong. Her training armor was thoroughly soaked, its light red material clinging to her every curve. Her pink panties would have barely provided a barrier beyond that if they were exposed, and she had forgone her normally tight breast or nothing this morning.

Usually, she wanted to keep the appearance of a soldier more than a woman but…Michalis was someone she didn’t mind seeing her as a woman. In this case, it meant her soaked uniform accented every curve of her now considerable breasts even better than the rest of her body. Between her blush, her breasts, and everything else, she was sure Michalis could see the signs of the weird feeling that was flowing through her, getting worse now that she was right in front of him.

She could feel the heat from his sweating body, the heat from her own. She didn’t want to meet his eyes, didn’t want to look. She felt his hand wrap around her, pull her close.

“Why do you want to fight, sister?” he asked.

“I…I want to be strong like you. I want to defend Macedon. I want to be worthy to stand by your side.” Minerva replied, hesitating a moment before giving her answer confidently.

Michalis sighed. “I suppose you’re right. You always did have fire in you Minerva.”

When he used her name, it was like a new spark of flame through her. He never did that, never used anyone’s name except for his wyvern. It was a sign of closeness, of trust he had told her when she asked before. So she responded in kind. “Michalis, please! I want to fight with you, to fight for you! Teach me, don’t let me fail on my own!” Her voice was pleading, yet strong and confident.

“Alright Minerva…fight for me. With you at my side, I cannot fail. I will not fail.” Suddenly, his hand was on her breast, and she gasped. His other hand was on her soaked crotch, and the sensation she felt through the pee soaked material was pure pleasure. She moaned aloud, and his hands moved further, his finger slipping inside her pants and into her slit with ease. His other hand continued with her breasts, still working through the soaked material. At first she couldn’t move, thrills running through her body. Then she could as another finger entered her, and she moved with him, desperate for more.

“Say you’ll be my princess, Minerva! I need your loyalty!” his words were soft, but they sounded a hundred times louder to her ears. She moved with him, his finger’s pushing further, and it felt like something broke, a fresh wave of chills flowing through her. “I will!” she cried out, mixed with a cry of pleasure. Her body convulsed and her juices flowed out, covering Michalis’s fingers. He withdrew his touch as she shuddered, and still shuddering she fell to her knees, overcome. He reached down and picked his spear up off the ground, stepping back and assuming a sparring position. The signs of her pleasure were clear on the fingers that firmly gripped his spear. “We start now. Give me everything you have, Minerva!” he called, and she shook off the shaking, the feelings, rising and clutching her practice weapon in both hands. Not a thought but to obey, she charged, every fiber of her being thinking of only, feeling only, Michalis.

Minerva was desperate. She would just have to get used to this, she reminded herself. She walked quickly through the hallway, outer façade perfectly confident and unbothered. Her bladder was aching, and despite the fact she could easily stop by a chamber pot she wouldn’t. Michalis had been reluctant after the first day to do something other than train, but he had made her a deal. Each day, if she could hold it all day, he would train with her in the late evening, and then attend to her other needs if by the end of that she was still in control of her bodily functions. She didn’t even question it, considering it as good training for roles as both a princess and a soldier. She saw the gleam in Michalis’s eyes when he had first seen her completely soaked, and it had spurred a lot of things in her. She was perfectly willing to subject herself to his desires.

She reached the stairs, and carefully descended. Soon enough, she was in the basement of Castle Macedon. With a bit of navigation, she reached a dead end wall and triggered the passage it hid. Stepping inside, the wall closed behind her. Michalis had a large training area here, along with a study and even a bed. Sometimes he liked to simply disappear. The man himself sat at the desk in the study, but he turned and stood as she arrived. “You’ve done well so far.” He told her, his eyes approving.

She blushed, and took a step towards the weapon rack, but suddenly the desperation became too intense. She stumbled, crossing her legs, but to no avail. Pee that was help back an instant ago flooded out of her, a waterfall of urine soaking her red cloth pants and forming a large yellow puddle on the floor. It was sudden and powerful, and there was nothing she could do about it. Tears welled in her eyes, and she hated her weakness. She would only train tonight. She comforted herself with the hunger she saw in his eyes as he watched. He would keep his word, she just had to better herself.

In a few nights, she didn’t lose control until mid-fight. Her scream of frustration was rare and genuine as his spear slipped by her defenses and took her in the stomach, forcing her to piss herself mid fight. A few more nights, and she made it through the whole thing. Michalis kept his word, but she demanded more. She got more than his fingers that night, and felt more satisfied than ever. She did wet the bed, however, and the next day she got nothing. Eventually, she worked her way towards holding it multiple days, only losing control every couple days and missing a day, occasionally an extra for the other kind of release. Michalis was clearly surprised and impressed by her strength and dedication, and he praised her for it. She rewarded him with the utmost eagerness, now actively taking part in their nighttime trysts.

Eventually, however, she hit an obstacle. She came down with an illness, and her stomach refused to cooperate. It wasn’t halfway through the day, while sitting in the castle garden, reading with Michalis, that she let out a gasp as warmth expanded into her panties. She could feel liquid, warm mess uncontrollably escaping, and it took everything she had not to cry as the back of her ornate red leggings quickly became streaked with brown. Her bladder couldn’t help but follow suit, and her bother escorted her back to her room so no one could see what a wet mess she was. It continued throughout the weak, her bowels uncontrollable. She messed herself several times a day, wet and sticky, and the doctor provided her with thick cloth undergarments to help contain it. She hated them, hated it, but at least Michalis was there to help her deal with them. But he never did more. It was one of the worst times for her, her mental state deteriorating.

Eventually, frustration overtook her. She retreated to her friends within the whitewings, spending her nights in Palla or Catria’s beds. She messed the bed every night, but Catria and Palla weren’t exactly paragons of continence and both of them were used to waking up wet more often than not. And both of them appreciated the expertise Minerva had learned from her brother. Eventually, she came to see the same devotion she had to her brother in them to her, and even tried the same requirements he used. Catria’s pants were wet by noon, and Palla messed herself in Minerva’s arms during an afternoon nap, so she tossed that idea aside. Still, she enjoyed herself, and loved her girl’s dearly. She was the dominant one, however, and she missed Michalis’s touch. Soon enough, her illness faded, and she was once again in control. It took a bit longer to get back to her usual pattern, but soon enough she was back to it.

After speaking with Michalis, she found an acceptable method of emptying herself, even. Palla and Catria were happy to drink every few mornings when she needed to relieve herself, and then the only days she missed were when she couldn’t hold it anymore and forcefully messed her light red panties, either squirming in Michalis’s lap as they studied or in front of him in the private garden or basement training area, dancing around and clutching her bottom, putting on an agonizing show of desperation for him. She pleasured him at that time, but she got nothing. She didn’t even mind.

On the days where she had to mess, she simply spent the night with the whitewings instead. They were happy to have her, and eventually even Est was old enough to join him. She loved each of the three sisters equally, and made sure she gave them all attention on those days.

One day, Minerva knew she would lose control during or right after the training, so she brought the whitewings. Michalis fought all four, unexpectedly holding off all of the women despite their skill. Afterwards, he saw to their needs. Est was first, stripped down to nothing but her pink panties. He played with her small breasts as the desperate pegasus knight finally lost control, soaking her panties and filling the back of them with firm mess. She got her first introduction to someone who wasn’t Minerva as he fucked her, simply moving her soiled panties aside. He was gentle about it, at least.

Catria was next, and at Minerva’s confirmation was eager about it. She had fully taken over the duties as Minerva’s “toilet”, and she happily accepted Michalis’s own offering. He soaked her naked body, and she happily pushed soft mess and warm pee into her panties as he did so. Her treatment was not nearly as gentle as Est’s, and she enjoyed every bit of it.

Palla was a bit shyer, even with Minerva’s encouragement. Michalis took things forcefully into his own hands, and soon enough Palla was gasping with pleasure as he penetrated her, still helplessly messing herself.

Minerva herself was last, and the five of them devolved into an orgy of sorts afterwards.

Things went on, with Minerva’s arrangement continuing, until finally war broke out across the continent and Michalis slayed their father, determined to bring down the corrupt empire of Archanea. Minerva ran, ran to Marth to help him, lead him to freeing Maria and finally, to killing Michalis himself. She hated herself for it, hated what she had done, especially now. He was the ruler. She was the follower. She was his princess.

She felt familiar warmth. It was different than usual, her armor absorbed a lot more and kept it against her skin. This warmth flowed out, constantly. She was soaking her tattered clothes, soaking her straw mattress. The puddle expanded massively, and she had to lift up her head so as not to let that be in it too. And she was still peeing. Suddenly, she heard sounds of fighting outside. They were short lived, and suddenly the door shook. Once, twice, then it exploded off its hinges and sailed across the room beside her. She let out a cry of fear and closed her eyes, her tired bowels fearfully reacting. Soft mush ballooned into her panties, filling them and expanding beyond into her red leggings. It forced its way down them, more and more mess coating her legs and filling her leggings to their limit. Suddenly, she heard a voice.

“Minerva, get up. We’re leaving.”

She looked up, hoping beyond hope this wasn’t an illusion. Before her stood Michalis, who should be dead. His body was as strong as ever, his eyes and piercing and hungry for her in her state. She didn’t care that she was soiled and dirty, she didn’t care that she was starving or still wetting herself. She didn’t care the entirety of her was soaked with pee from her massive accident. She leaped to her feat, eagerly throwing herself into his strong arms. “It is really you?” she asked meekly, voice muffled by his chest.

“Of course it is.” He replied. “We made a promise you would always be by my side. I can’t very well break my end of it.” And she couldn’t say anything else, choking out sobs as she clutched tightly to the man she had thought dead.

*011*2017-02-13 07:24

Eternal Bond

(A short FE12 Tiki focused piece, along the same lines as the last Minerva story. Potentially a snippet of a forthcoming large scale FE piece but…time. Also, even a bit of loli tiki for those of you who like that. Yes, I was motivated into writing instead of RPs again. Blame FE heroes.)

Tiki huddled in the darkness. The air in the small room was stale, and there was nothing but hard floor to sit on. Soon enough, the bad man would visit her again, and make her head feel weird. She wanted someone, anyone to help her. She missed Ban-Ban, she missed Xane. No one talked to her here, no one played with her. She sniffled, remembering how she used to be free. Suddenly, the door creaked open, and Tiki gasped, scrabbling backwards. A dark form entered, Gharnef’s imposing figure silhouetted by shadow. His twisted and scarred face gave her an evil grin, and she had to fight hard to not scream. Still, her legs trembled, and she could feel warmth suffuse her tattered dress as she peed.

She couldn’t help it, couldn’t stop it. She wasn’t supposed to do this, was supposed to hold it like Ban-Ban taught her. But she couldn’t help it. Pee soaked her small dress and puddled underneath the crying girl as Gharnef approached. His large hand reached for her, and she let out a high pitched scream. Her pink panties expanded as she fearfully expelled mess into them, a medium size lump of poo bulging out her panties. There wasn’t that much since he barely fed her, but there was enough Bantu would have scolded her, had he been here. His hand closed around her face, and everything went black, thoughts of Bantu fading away.

Tiki awoke with a start, covered in sweat. Looking down, she realized with a grimace she was peeing. It took her a short while to clamp down on her bladder, and by the time she did her bed was soaked. Her red nightgown was completely soaked, and she could feel the warm liquid cooling on her thighs. She let out a small moan, but gathered herself and resisted the urge. She had picked up a bit of enjoyment at her embarrassing accidents, the frequent bedwettings and relatively infrequent daytime wettings. Carefully standing, she made sure not to jolt her bladder. She may have had a full accident for an average size bladder, but the divine dragon had much more than that. With her tendency to sleep for weeks at a time, her bladder had a far larger capacity than a normal humans. Still…it was rare she emptied it anywhere but her robes and bed, and that wasn’t entirely unintentional.

Gingerly making her way to the edge of her tent, the dragoness looked down at her now mature, well-endowed body. The nightgown was about as modest as her normal clothing, and she doubted anyone would stop her on the way to Say’ri’s nearby tent. Carefully treading through the night air, she slipped into the swordswoman’s tent. She approached the sleeping swordswoman quietly, and a grin spread across her face. Taking the unconscious woman’s hand, she pressed it against her still warm crotch, and peed. She only went for ten or so seconds, fresh pee soaking down her shapely legs and rewetting her nightdress. Her eyes were focused on Say’ri’s panty clod crotch, and partway through her release the other woman’s bladder followed suit.

Her white panties were quickly soaked, urine pooling around her bottom and soaking the makeshift bed. Tiki reached down with her other hand and expertly applied pressure to Say’ri’s stomach. The swordswoman let out a soft groan and shifted in her sleep, but under Tiki’s touch her body soon settled and a light crackling could be heard as her bowels began to release. The mess spread along her bottom and up her back a bit as soft poo filled her panties and spread all around, staining the bed and her underwear. Satisfied, Tiki stepped back and watched the woman complete her accident with a mischievous smile. Suddenly, a problem occurred to her. She had come to get Say’ri’s help cleaning up, but…she didn’t want to wake her up after having just done this, and get scolded by the more prim and proper woman. Considering her options, she gave the messy samurai one last look and then quietly snuck back to her own tent.

Laying back down on her wet bed, she could feel her bladder protesting. Releasing several long spurts had made it hungry for release. Her bowels seemed to be interested as well, after watching Say’ri empty hers. The Voice shifted on her bed, crossing her long legs and reminiscing. The dream from earlier reminded her of another scene, one where she had just blossomed into her full adult form.

The time of the Hero King was long past now. Tiki had slept for a long time, and when she awoke she found those she had known gone. There were rumors that Robin and Draug and Michalis, the unkillable trio, and perhaps some others, had outlived the rest of the soldiers of the great hero-king and headed off to new lands, but Tiki hadn’t found more than rumors. She had sat in her temple and cried for nearly a day, inconsolable by her attendants, who had been quite surprised at her awakening, and her new form. During this time, she found that it seemed she no longer needed to use the bathroom, though she had wet the bed many a time during her long sleep, unbeknownst to her.

She didn’t understand, of course, that her now adult body had an even more absurd holding capacity than her smaller form. Finally, a messenger brought good news. One of the heroes of the war of shadows still lived. Merric, the wielder of Excalibur and longtime pontifex of Khadein, still lived. He had always been extremely kind to Tiki, and as she pictured the young, green haired mage, she felt something unfamiliar stir. A sense of lust, or longing. Bantu had told her stories, stories of princesses and knights, and Xane had told her things too, illicit things and questionable tales. She thought she might know what this feeling was. But…Merric was happily married to Marth’s sister?

A quick question to the attendant answered that confusion, however. Lord Merric’s beloved wife had passed away a long time ago. He was the only one left…

“Take me to where he resides now.” Tiki commanded, rising up and assuming a more authoritive pose, helped by her newly added height. The attendant was clearly surprised, but nodded, and soon enough the Voice was in a carriage on her way to see Merric.

When she arrived, Tiki wasted no time requesting a private audience with Merric. It seemed he was living in a remote retreat, a relatively fancy house with a few apprentices. Her attendants returned to the temple, and she was led by a brown haired boy, apparently one of Merric’s apprentices, to a decorated room. Drinks were already waiting, and she sipped tea until the door swung open. Merric stepped in, pulling back his ornate hood. His green eyes sparkled, and he looked just as young as she remembered him.

A chill shot through her. Why hadn’t he changed…did this mean he would live as long as her….she wouldn’t have to lose him…her resolve doubled immediately as she jumped to conclusions. A gust of wind shut the door behind him, but he seemed to freeze as he took in her new form, and her perceptive eyes detected more than a bit of lust in his eyes before he shoved it aside. She immediately rose, leaping forward and wrapping the now shorter man in a hug. “Merric!” she cried excitedly, unintentionally nearly smothering him in her massive breasts.

He returned the embrace, but carefully extracted himself from her grip a moment later. “Tiki…you’re awake again!” he exclaimed. “And…you’ve grown.” He looked her up and down, blushing.

Tiki nodded, grinning. “It’s…new. But first, how are you still here? Everyone else is gone or left.” She added, her voice becoming a bit sad.

Merric nodded, his expression darkening as well. “Some still live. I haven’t had contact with Robin in a while but…they’re still around. As for me…magic, I suppose. I captured Gharnef’s research, and well…thanks to what he learned from you, he became immortal, and I did as well. There was nothing evil about the result, only the method used to obtain it.” The mage added with a shrug. “Unfortunately, Elice was too frail to receive the treatment, and so I lost her.” He paused, then brightened a bit. “I suppose we’ve both lost loved ones, but at least some of us still made it.”

Tiki nodded, thankful she had managed to avoid crying this time at the mention of Marth and company. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to stay here for a while, Merric.” She said, this time consciously pausing as she realized she should call him lord, but decided against it.

Merric nodded. “I’d like that, Tiki. Let me show you to a room, and then show you around.”

It turned out soon enough that Tiki didn’t need her own room in anything more than name. Her new desires were fierce, and Merric wasn’t exactly opposed to Tiki’s new beauty. The thing that stood out most to her, however, was the third morning.

Tiki awoke, hearing a knock at the door. From beside her, she felt Merric rise, and he called “Give me a moment!” he turned to Tiki, who was definitely not supposed to be in his bedroom. “Just stay hidden under the covers, alright?” he whispered. The dragoness nodded, and her tossed the blankets fully over her before rising, pulling on a robe and answering the door.

Tiki hid beneath the blankets nervously as she heard the door open and the sound of one of Merric’s apprentices speaking, then entering the room. She held still beneath the blanket, but she had a horrible realization. She was about to pee herself. And even worse. This wasn’t supposed to happen, she didn’t have to do this anymore, right? She was a grown up, she didn’t have accidents! She held the blanket a bit back from her awkwardly so she could squirm, clenching and unclenching her legs and pressing her bottom against the bed. The pressing feeling in her bowels was growing heavier, and her bladder let out a short spurt, soaking her red panties. She couldn’t lose it, it might alert the apprentice! But she couldn’t hold everything any longer either, and the squirming was sure to be noticed. So she did the unthinkable.

She lifted up her bottom slightly, and carefully relaxed her bowels. Soft, smooth mess flowed out of her almost immediately, expanding and filling her red panties. Her new capacity didn’t stop there, however, and she regretted that her leggings were still on as it expanded into them. These ones were a bit different from normal, covering the entirety of her legs. She grimaced as she continued to helplessly push soft mess into them, desperately hoping she wouldn’t fart, and that the smell wouldn’t spread. She messed herself for several minutes, the accident getting worse and worse, finally escaping her full leggings and staining the bed beneath her. She blushed, imagining what would happen if the pair found her like this.

She was a bit confused, however, when she realized the thought was extremely arousing. She felt herself getting a bit wet at the image, and tried to collect herself. She had to admit, the warm mess felt kind of good, but…the idea of humiliation did too, at least a little bit. She resolved to explore this feeling a bit more later, and turned her attention to her quivering bladder. Their conversation seemed to be coming to a close, but she couldn’t hold it anymore, either. Pee began to flow from her, first slowly then increasing in pace. It mixed with the soft mess around her, soaking her red panties and pink leggings, then funneling into the bed. It felt so good. She heard the door close, and let out a moan, reaching down and rubbing herself through her wet panties.

“Tiki? What are you doing?” she heard Merric ask, but there was a haze of pleasure over her senses. The blankets were suddenly pulled away, and a green haired head peered over her, clearly confused.

Tiki grinned up at him, pausing her masturbation. Her face was a fierce blush, but she reveled in it. “I’ve been a naughty girl. Why don’t you punish me?” it was a line she had heard from Xane’s stories, and she wasn’t sure what it meant. Merric blinked, seemingly at a loss for words, and Tiki figured he didn’t know what she expected from it anymore than she did. Reaching up, she used her surprising strength, even in human form, and pulled him down on top of her, still peeing herself.

Back in reality, Tiki was extremely desperate. Shifting, squirming, holding herself, every part of her, from her large breasts to her shapely legs was bouncing. She couldn’t sit still, couldn’t keep from releasing a short leak or wet fart every so often. Couldn’t stop herself from getting a bit wet as she squirmed. She missed Merric. Chrom and his army were nice enough, but she wanted him back.

Suddenly, the flap of her tent opened. She turned, heart racing, and felt a small stream of pee make its way into her panties. Her eyes caught sight of the figure, and she froze in fear, face going white. A man in dark robes, blue shadows flaring around him in the pattern of Imhullu, a spitting image of Gharnef save for the slight coloring of his flames. The walk was all too reminiscent of her time in his clutches, approaching to rape her mind once again, and she broke.

The normally unbothered and calm dragoness fell apart. Sobbing, she pushed back against the wall of her tent, entire body trembling, not from desperation but from fear. She soiled herself like a frightened child, her bladder and bowels pushing powerfully. Pee streamed out of her like a jet, her red nightgown completely flooded in an instant, saturating the bed beneath her and puddling on the floor, the absolute cascade of pee seemingly never-ending. Her bowels fared no better, and fearful mess, first solid, then getting softer, pushed into her panties. It easily filled them to capacity, escaping into her gown, and onto the bed. She felt herself unable to move, to even reach for her dragonstone. All she could do was cower and soil herself.

As the figure approached, he stopped a short distance away. Reaching up, he pulled back his hood, and the blue flames cleared to reveal a set of familiar, piercing green eyes. “I see you were so excited to see me you forgot your potty training.” Merric said, unable to keep the joy at seeing Tiki out of his voice despite her fearful reaction. “We’ll have to work on that.” Tiki’s fearful trembling became a squeal of pure joy, and she tackled him, still relieving herself into her clothes. There was no hostility, for she was just as likely to play such a prank. There was only joy and love, as strong as the fear had been.

*014*2017-03-29 05:05

Fire Emblem Heroes: The Blue Crow

(This is a short Fire Emblem Heroes piece, inspired by the recent Grand Battle. Michalis will be acting the role of summoner, since not only is he in contention for character I relate the most too but he is the most appropriate person to deal with a squad of soiled women. It would feel reeeeallly weird to self-insert here, especially as a squid, so we’re going with that. Anyway, smut things, meet the big boob squad apparently. Not sure why it ended up this way, but it did.)

Michalis looked over his squad approvingly. The forces of the Order of Heroes had grown quickly since he had joined their ranks, but he had selected his personal squad carefully. Each of the four women was a powerful and fierce fighter, quite capable on the battlefield. They all were excellent at following orders, even if Tiki was known to occasionally fall asleep on the job. All four were loyal, and even more importantly, submissive. Just the way he liked his women. Minerva had always been his, loyally and willingly.

Sheema had a tough exterior, but once he broke through she crumbled before him. Kagero was completely loyal to him, as her master, and his appreciation for her more…morbid tastes in both art and pleasure and her intense dedication to duty had formed a quick bond between the ninja and the two Macedonians. Minerva made a request, and soon enough Kagero was just as willing. Tiki had seemed harder at first, but with some prodding from Minerva, the dragoness had been willing to try…and for someone who had gone for so long without pleasure like this, she had eagerly joined after that.

Today, he was tasked with assaulting the fortress of Ursula, the Blue Crow, a powerful mage knight. The four women were arrayed before him, ready to go through the same ritual they did before every mission. They were not permitted to use the bathroom during normal time without his permission, so they were allowed to relieve themselves before setting out a mission. It helped clean out their system for the special drug each took. The concoction was powerful, enhancing the women’s muscles and reactions. It had the nasty side effect of being a powerful diuretic and laxative, however, as the body processed waste extremely fast.

Which was why Michalis had selected it, of course. His girl’s didn’t actually need the help. The four of them stood in a line, each of them dressed in only undergarments. All four had their large breasts exposed, the four of them surprisingly similar in their large breasts. It was a surprise Minerva and Sheema managed with their tight armor, as opposed to the loose clothing of the other two.

As always, he approached Tiki first. The girl often dozed off while waiting, and today was such a time. He could see the first trickles of pee trailing down the dragonesses legs as she dozed, lacking control in her sleep. Raising the Breidablik, he fired a shot right beside her head, the resounding crack echoing through the courtyard. He grinned as he heard a fierce hiss from between Tiki’s leg as the manakete was startled awake. He heard a louder, ruder sound, and looked down the line.

Sheema was doubled over, blushing brightly. She managed to keep her bladder under control, but her bowels were a different story. The princess was filling her brown boyshorts in surprise at the shot, the undergarments sagging rapidly underneath the weight of the fearful release. Soft mesh pushed its way out and fully filled the garments before it finally stopped. Blushing, Sheema stood, staring at the ground away from everyone. The other two held it better, neither Kagero nor Minerva reacting. Both were too dedicated to their task to react here: Michalis expected them to hold it until their turn, and so they would.

Turning back to Tiki, he watched in satisfaction as the otherwise naked girl soaked her light pink panties, the material turning see through as she released a torrent into them. She looked meekly up at Michalis, trembling as the shot of the gunshot and the following accident wore off. The tall man cupped her breast as she peed, and the dragoness trembled harder. He played with them a bit, but stopped and gave her no further pleasure as she finished peeing. She looked a bit disappointed, but hugged him closely, pressing her breasts against him. “I’ll do better next time.” she said quietly, then pulled back. He raised his gun, and glowing light enveloped her. When it faded, she was standing in clean clothes, her normal red robes. Taking an offered glass, she downed her dose of the drug, returning to her place in line.

Next, he moved to Kagero. The ninja was as still as a statue, the tiniest of trembles running through her occasionally. “You’ve done well. You may release.” He told her. “And I only want one of you today.” The ninja nodded in reply, and the replica that stood guard over the door suddenly vanished, absorbed into her. Its overfull bladder was absorbed as well, and suddenly pee was spraying freely from her, the combination of the two of the ninja’s powerful bladders urine certainly too much for one. Her dark black boyshorts dampened immediately, and her shapely, powerful legs quickly soaked with pee.

She let out a loud moan of relief, and something more as Michalis’s mouth moved down to her nipples. With his help, she climaxed into her underwear soon after, extremely vulnerable to the intense pleasure of holding for so long and then losing it. Panting, she slumped forward, clinging tightly to the powerful man for a moment before letting go, standing back at attention once again. He raised his gun, and a moment later she was dressed in her usual uniform. Taking her own dose of the drug, she gulped it with ease. She was the one who crafted it, after all.

Next, he moved to Sheema. Looking the ashamed woman up and down, he tsked. “You should know better, Sheema.” Lifting the large woman up with ease, he motioned to Kagero. The ninja’s replica appeared, moving to hold up the princess as he prepared to punish her. Another trait all the women shared was incredible strength, and the replica had no issues holding Sheema’s large body aloft either. Without hesitation, he slammed his hand down against her messy bottom, again and again.

Sheema whimpered in pain and humiliation, and soon after the sound of her next shameful accident was audible as her bladder emptied, each spank forcing out a larger spurt, until she was full blown peeing. The princess was the most submissive of all of them, however, and pee wasn’t the only fluid leaving her. As he spanked her one final time, she gave a quiet moan and came in her boyshorts, panting heavily. Looking up at Michalis, she grinned weakly. “I’ve been a bad girl. I’ll need them this time.”

Michalis stepped back, letting Kagero set Sheema upright, then fired. The golden light enveloped Sheema, slightly different this time. While her clothes and underwear were replaced, and her armor formed around her, Sheema had an additional item; a padded white protective garment formed around her fresh boyshorts, safely hidden beneath her heavy armor. Taking her glass, she drank it, and Michalis moved on.

The last girl was Minerva, dressed in simple red panties, stoic as usual. Taking his hand, he reached into those panties, fingers slipping into her with practiced ease. “You can release.” He told her, before his lips met hers in a powerful kiss. Her body gyrated with his fingers as he expertly worked her, and pee sprayed out of her bladder as she cried out in pleasure. The dark red material was completely soaked by the time she climaxed all over his fingers, and she peed for a solid 30 seconds after he removed his fingers. Grinning up at him, she whispered, “Thank you,” before standing back and composing herself once again. He raised his gun, and her wet panties disappeared, replaced by her signature brilliant red armor. She took the drink and downed it.

Satisfied, Michalis returned to the center of the line, looking over each of the girls. “You each have your jobs. I expect nothing less than perfection from you. And I will happily reward it. The girls nodded, and Minerva mounted her wyvern before the four women disappeared through a golden portal, taken directly to Ursula’s hideout, followed by their master.

The two guards standing at the gate barely had time to react as a flash of golden light lit the sky, and four women dropped from the portal. Suddenly, a Wyvern reared up in front of them with an ear shattering roar, and both guards broke. The blonde collapsed in a tearful mess, quietly pleading “please don’t hurt me” as she pissed in her armor, yellow liquid soaking the standard issue suit. The back bulged out as well, a smelly mess expanding the bottom of her leather pants. The other guard fared a little better, standing her ground as piss trailed down her legs. She took a stab at the large creature, but fell back in fright as its jaws bit off the far half of her weapon. Staring up at the creature, she looked between its hungry maw and the cold, emotionless gaze from its rider and just cowered, the sound of her pushing fearful mess into her pants quite audible.

The four women ignored the terrified guards, approaching the large gate that sealed off the entrance to the castle. They all paused in front of it, momentarily halted and all four starting to feel the effects of the drugs, both needs making themselves known. "Sheema, Kagero, tear us a way in." Minerva commanded, and both women nodded and stepped forward.

Sheema gripped the bars with both hands, waiting until both Kagero and her clone had grabbed the sides of where she was pulling before she began. Both girl's powerful muscles strained, and slowly but surely they tore open a wide hole in the gate. There was an audible hissing as both Kagero and her clone released a steady stream of piss during the process, her straining muscles forcing a loss of control. The release soaked her black boyshorts and trickled down the inside of her muscular thighs, occasionally a drop of pee being flung wide as her legs trembled with effort. It was a bit reminiscent of trembling with desperation and losing slowly losing control, really. She was sure Michalis enjoyed the view from wyvernback. She shuddered and let out a soft moan as the though brought pleasurable images to her mind, and her stream redoubled. The ninja, trained as she was, managed to clear her head and continue ripping the bars apart, determined to please her master.

Sheema, despite her powerful build and significant strength, wasn't quite as strong as her companion, and didn't fare as well. As she strained to tear the bars apart, she felt the same slow stream of pee soak her diaper, involuntarily released with her effort. At least it was hidden beneath her armor, and drowned out by the ninja’s dual streams. Suddenly, her progress stalled, and she put everything she had into it. The bars broke off with a resounding snap, and she stumbled forward. Standing, she blushed heavily as she realized the strain had been too much, and her body was pushing soft mess into her diaper.

Unable to hold herself in her armor od do anything to attempt to stop the flow, Sheema leaned forward and groaned, trying to push it all out as quickly as possible. She let out a loud, wet fart, and an explosion of soft mess quickly filled her diaper. Once she finished messing, she stood straight, resisting the urge to try and find something to grind against through her armor as she felt the comforting warmth that was a soiled diaper. Turning to the others, who were patiently waiting, she blushed even more heavily, enjoying every bit of it. "Alright, let’s head inside. We all know our tasks." she said, then turned and led the way, squishing slightly as she walked.

Tiki’s objective was first. The girl walked right down the now empty halls, the guards mobilizing in the staging area to spread out through the castle. But they didn’t have enough time. As Tiki walked, she could feel the drug taking its toll on her dragon size bladder and bowel, and she knew she needed to hurry. Pausing for a moment, the dragoness bent over and let out a quiet fart. She licked her lips in anticipation as she felt a bit of mess stain her panties. They would have a plaything tonight, and as a dragon she had found she liked mortal playthings very much.

Adjusting the spear of the fallen door guard in her hand, she took it in a clumsy grip. Quietly opening the assembling room door, she realized she was backstage. Moving quietly, she peered around the corner, where a tall, muscled blonde woman in chainmail was addressing a gathering of guards. Stepping out, Tiki shouted, “Surrender or she dies!”.

The surprised blonde, clearly a high ranking officer, let out a yelp of surprise. At the same time, her chainmail glistened yellow, her fear response triggered at even the mild sound of Tiki’s shout. A few of the male guards chuckled at this. The blonde turned, and found herself face to face with the relatively weak looking, scantily clad dragoness. She also found said dragonesses spear pressed against her neck. Like most female commanders, the stress of rank had weakened the blonde’s control and willpower, and she stumbled backwards, blubbering fearfully. The back of her chainmail, directed at the crowd of soldiers behind her, rapidly expanded, brown trails even trailing down her legs as she helplessly voided her bowels. The assembled guards burst into laughter, which only made her cry harder.

A scantily clad purple haired woman, dressed in only skimpy leather panties and a similar top, stepped forward, smirking. She brought her axe down in one swift motion, splitting the dragonesses spear in half.

Tiki leaked a long spurt at that, her pink panties darkening and a bit of the stream staining her pink stocking. She tried to step back, but the purple haired woman reached out and grabbed her by the neck, lifting her in the air. The manakete struggled, her large breasts heaving with effort, but she couldn’t escape. The woman turned towards the crowd, holding Tiki by the neck. Tiki felt the air leaving her and let out a choked sound, still struggling.

The suffocation was too much combined with her capture, and Tiki looked around the crowd with wide, fearful eyes as a full force stream of pee erupted from her. Her pink panties were instantly soaked, and the powerful stream falling from between her legs had two equally powerful companions rushing down her legs and soaking her pink leggings. She peed and peed, her massive bladder releasing all of her pent up urine, the puddle beneath her growing larger and larger as the crowd jeered her, called her a child, not eve housebroken. Her puddle mingled with and then quickly overtook the one produced by the still sniffling blonde who had previously been in charge.

Suddenly, the woman behind her spoke. “Mess yourself right now, or I’ll let them have their way with you.”

“No, no, NO!” Tiki replied, once again squirming in the purple haired warrior’s somewhat loosened grip.

“Are you sure? This fate is much worse.” The woman replied. She reached around with her other hand, grabbing Tiki’s flimsy robes and tearing open the front with ease, putting the dragoness’s massive chest on full display to everyone. A good number of people started forward, some men even reaching to unzip their pants.

Tiki shuddered, feeling the fear and euphoria wash through her as so many people oogled her and prepared to do terrible things. But those things were only for Michalis. The woman’s hand groped her full breast, and Tiki whimpered in pleasure. Tiki’s muscles trembled, and a loud “brrrttpptt” heralded her loss of control. A wet mess pushed its way into her pink panties, soaking them before exploding outwards, coating the back of her legs and the back of her dress in an instant. Wet mess continued to flow out of her, splattering onto the ground and even onto the sandal covered feet of the warrior holding her, who stepped back a bit in disgust. The dragoness teared up, and the sight of the helpless, attractive woman was too much for most of the guards. Warning the purple had given or not, they would have her.

“Fine, have fun with her. Just watch out, she isn’t even housebroken enough to have the decency to not shit on when you give her a bit of pleasure.”

Tiki wanted to protest that sometimes people wanted that sort of thing and she was just trained to do it, but she was too rummaging through her pocket. The warrior tossed her, and Tiki landed on her bottom with a wet squish, the perfect image of a formerly confident warrior broken down in the face of such a rape. As they swarmed towards her, however, she clutched her dragonstone, and suddenly instead of a scared infiltrator there was a massive green dragon. The crowd slammed to a halt, cries of fear and the trickle of urine echoing throughout the room, even a few farts and barely audible crinkling. The dragon roared, and then unleashed a powerful cone of brilliant white hellfire, the blast tearing through the assembled guards with ease. All gathered into one area for a massive, overcharged breath, they never stodd a chance.

Tiki turned from the pile of ashes that used to be the enemy guard force. The purple haired warrior was staring at her, struck with fear. Her leather panties were completely saturated, and her legs were glistening with a continuous release of pee, faring no better than the previous officer. As Tiki’s gaze fell upon her, she gulped and pushed a massive lump of poo into her panties, swiftly and forcefully. Turning, she tried to crawl away, not caring she was crawling through her own puddle of pee and dirtying her skimpy garments. She didn’t make it very far before Tiki’s massive clawed foor came down on her back, putting an end to that escapade.

Sheema’s job was a distraction. While Kagero had vanished into the nearby shadows, she was still around here somewhere. Sheema walked into the room outside Ursula’s inner sanctum, the woman’s own personal guards waiting outside. Each was an amazingly fit male, thanks to their commander’s tastes. They turned towards Sheema as she entered, launching a massive barrage of spells and axes, as their paranoid master had bid them to stay close to her. Sheema gulped, but set her massive shield into the ground. A magical wall of force sprung up in response, an invisible wall of energy that deflected any projectiles that weren’t caught by her shield.

The armor knight simply stood behind the shield. Her job was only to distract. But she was fidgeting quite badly the slow trip in heavy armor had taken quite a toll on her ability to hold it. “Please, may I have permission to use the bathroom? I’m about to wet my diaper!” she asked no one in particular, wishing someone else was there. Pretending she got a no, she squirmed in her armor more. “But…but…I’m about too…” she never finished her sentence, as her bladder gave out and warm pee soaked her diaper. She moaned in pleasure, washed away by it, and felt her bowels start to force out soft, warm mush into her diaper as well. She basked in her release, exhilarated. When it was finished, she turned and sat down, leaning back against her shield and moving around a bit to squish the mess around a bit beneath her armor. She wished Michalis had done more for her before the mission, she couldn’t do anything to relieve her desires in this heavy armor.

A short while later, she felt a strong hand on her shoulder suddenly appear out of nowhere, and in front of her she saw black armor. Barely stifling a scream, she released a powerful fear response into her diaper, all of her bladder that had filled up in the intervening time fountaining into her protective garment, this release exceeding its capacity and some running down her legs, much too her delight. Looking up, she breathed a sigh of relief as she saw it was only one of Kagero’s duplicates. “I’ve had an accident, Mistress Kagero…” she mumbled, blushing and looking away.

“Oh have you? Well, let’s check on that, shall we?” the ninja’s voice lit up, at least relative to her normal dutiful and neutral tone. She almost sounded like her friend Orochi, eager to take advantage of situations like these. The stronger woman pushed Sheema to the ground, eliciting an eep from the armored woman. The ninja’s breasts were pressed against hers, and she could feel it even through the armor.

Reaching down, Kagero nimbly maneuver through her armor in a way no one should be able to with her fingers, a few seconds later releasing the crotchplate and exposing Sheem’s wet diaper. “My, you’ve been quite the naughty girl.” Kagero commented. Her expert hand slipping through Sheema’s armor, taking advantage of the hole and beginning to pleasure the large woman through her diaper. Sheema moaned aloud, and Kagero grinned as she helped the armor knight relieve her sexual tension as they bother hid behind the magical barrier, projectiles bouncing off left and right.

Meanwhile, the real Kagero slipped by invisibly, sneaking into Ursula’s quarters. The distracted guards never had a chance against her stealth combined with her ninja’s invisibility.

Inside, Ursula was carefully changing out of a pair of heavily soiled blue silk panties, her bed visibly wet and soiled. Kagero lay in wait, and the sorceress finished her cleanup, dressing in a fresh pair of blue panties and donning her enchanted robes, then turned to head out and join her guards in defending the location, tome in hand. Kagero slipped out of the darkness, drawing a knife and lunging for Ursula-and suddenly she felt herself lose all strength from her muscles. The knife fell limply form her hand, and Ursula’s cackling laughter was audible as Kagero found herself suspended in the air in front of the mage by a magical trap, her strength drained. Her full bladder and bowels were suddenly nearly impossible to hold and her powerful muscles strained weakly, the effort visible on her face, drops of sweat falling down her defiant face.

“My, you’re a strong one.” Ursula commented. She circled Kagero, grinning as she surveyed the ninja’s impressive body. Kagero stared back blankly, her eyes defiant and fierce. Inside, however, she was excited. The ninja wasn’t exactly bad at her job. Her allies had often questioned how she so often managed to get caught and in need of rescue, when they could never find her in training exercises until it was too late. The secret was she enjoyed this sort of situation a fair bit. And it was easy to do in her line of work, get captured, then escape and get the job done.

“I’m going to enjoy breaking you.” Ursula declared, licking her lips. She probably didn’t have time for this now but…the girl was so tempting. Hands crackling with lightning from her tome, Ursula stepped up to Kagero. “Piss yourself right now, girl. You’re nothing but a dog to me.” The ninja glared back impassively, showing no response. Ursula growled. “Fine, have it your way.” She lashed out, a shocking fist slamming into Kagero’s stomach.

The ninja screamed in pain and pleasure. Electricity coursed through her weakened muscles, and Ursula’s punch was already magically empowered. There was absolutely nothing she could do, try as she might, to stop the sudden explosion into her black boyshorts. Pee sprayed out like an out of control hose, the ninja’s bladder honed from long hours of stealth missions and guarding and almost on par with Tiki’s. Her boyshorts were absolutely drenched, and her long, powerful legs glistened with pee as they were soaked, her leg guards gaining the same sheen. Her bowels convulsed, and she pushed a solid load into her boyshorts, then another. Wave after wave of solid mess painfully forced its way out thanks to the violent strike, and Kagero fell to one knee, convulsing as her powerful muscles pushed out a massive load into her shorts, some escaping and piling at the side of her feet.

Out in the corridor, the duplicate on top of Sheema gasped and had a similar accident, its own bladder and bowels releasing simultaneously with Kagero’s. Sheema, beneath her, eagerly lapped at her stream, but most of it soaked the armor knight, further soiling her heavy plate armor.

As she grinned in satisfaction, Ursula heard the sounds of pee hitting the ground behind her. She started to turn, but it was too late. A duplicate was behind her, pressing the cold steel of a dagger to her neck. She felt the blade bite into it, and she followed suit with her blonde officer, her body resorting to the infantile functions of incoherent begging and soiling herself. Her clean blue panties and blue robes were soaked with fear induced pee, rapid fire streams leaking through her panties and down her legs as she tried again and again to cut off the flow. Her bowels reacted similarly, dropping a small soft lump, then again, then again with the pace increasing as her tenors attempts to regain control failed. She didn’t feel the knife cut any deeper as she finished relieving herself in her dress, but she felt the knockout drug flow through her a moment later, and she collapsed to the floor.

Minerva’s job was to seek out the enemy general who was stationed at the fort. She was a high ranking officer, and would be nearly as important to capture as Ursula. Her guards were said to be four amazon spearwomen, the best of the best. So it was Minerva’s job to deal with them.

Soaring through the high corridors, not nearly as far above ground as she was used too, Minerva soon came upon the general’s party. The four women her surrounded, and the general herself, barely recognizable in her thick armor, was in the midst. Seeing Minerva approach, she retreated to the back, drawing a bow. The other fourstepped forward, setting lances.

Minerva continued on unheeded, grinning maliciously. The bowstring twanged, and the wyvern knight felt a familiar warmth fill her panties as she reacted to the sound that all too often meant doom for flyers. The leak wasn’t too significant, however, and the shield Michalis had lent her, Iote’s legendary artifact, absorbed the arrow without so much as a dent. Then she was in the midst of them, weaving in and out, striking out and slipping back with ease.

The large women, dressed all in tight leather trousers and no shirts, didn’t fare well. Their spears fought with a disadvantage already, and Minerva was fast and ferocious, in combination with her wyvern. She quickly drove one into the corner, dodging the others, and her axe swipe cut the wall above the women, narrowly missing her neck thanks to her timely collapse. The close call was too much for her, however, and she fainted, drooling as she completely soiled herself, her leather trousers rapidly filling with pee and poo.

One brave amazoness tried to take advantage of Minerva’s back being turned, and the wuvern’s stinger caught her right in the exposed abdomen. Wave after wave of poison pumped into her, and she fell back, the muscles controlling her bladder and bowels completely ruined, consumed by poison. She twitched and stumbled as poison wracked her body, a yellow and brown waterfall consuming her trousers as she pushed liquid fear of both kinds into her clothes, unable to do anything else.

Minerva turned her wyvern, and its jaws lashed out, catching one of the women by the leg and flinging her up in the air like a cat playing with a mouse, her spear tossed wide. The woman lost control, desperately trying to free herself from the wyvern’s jaws, and liquid pee and poo sprayed everywhere as she shamefully lost control, obvious to all. The wyvern turned and let out a terrifying roar at the last remaining guard and the general. The amazoness, horrified by the scene before her, let out a loud ppbbllrrt as she released a foul smelling mass into her trousers. The bright yellow tint of her trousers as she fearfully pissed them was also obvious, and she didn’t provide any resistance when Minerva flew past her.

The general was fleeing, as best she could in her armor. To Minerva’s disappointment, there didn’t seem to be any signs of an accident. She swiftly caught up with the general, bringing Hautclare down in a powerful swipe, attempting to cleave her in two. She misjudged because of the particularly heavy armor layers, however, and the axe cleaved right through the heavy plate, narrowly missing the general’s actual body. This did serve, however, to expose the horribly soiled diaper that the general wore beneath her armor, massive and thick. It was showing signs of being filled once again, and it didn’t look like it could take much more.

Satisfied, Minerva dismounted, taking a moment to compose her pressing needs before approaching the fallen general. A moment’s inspection had shown her the general had fainted at the first attack against her. “Weakling.” The dragon knight muttered, rising. Suddenly, she felt a powerful blow slam into her body, its impact reverberating through her entire body. She let out an uncharacteristic, shocked yelp, and suddenly she was peeing. The cracks in her ornate red armor let yellow liquid spill through, and she blushed furiously as she turned towards the source of the slap, Michalis. “To lose control to that, after doing so well.” The redhaired princess lamented.

“You did well. No need to be ashamed.” Michalis told her. The princess nodded, and bent over, groaning with effort as she began to push a large mess into her red silk panties. Michalis reached forwards, finding the quick release straps built into her armor and triggering them. A moment later, Minerva’s armor clattered to the floor, and she was dressed only in a red bra and red panties, wet and currently being soiled. Michalis’s hands moved to her breasts, pushing her bra aside, and Minerva fiercely leaned up and kissed the taller man, her kiss ferocious and needy as she continued to shit herself.

“Mission accomplished.” Michalis declared before his lips were stolen by the princess before him.

