HoloMess ~Night Shift Nurse~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-09-09 11:22

Here is the next story.

This story is different from past stories in HoloMess.

I put Choco sensei in a dominant position over female student. Choco still poops her pants, but it's out of her own lust.

I hope this interests all of you. Thank you.

“M-Ms. Choco?” A weak voice emanated from the entrance to the nurse’s office.

“Hmm? What’s the matter, dear?” Yuzuki Choco replied, her back still facing the scared high school student at the entrance. The scent that reached her nose already, but she wanted to tease the girl awaiting her help a little bit. “Did you hurt yourself?” Her sultry voice echoed in the room, devoid of anyone except the two bodies already inside.

“N-no Ma’am, I-I…,” the girl managed to squeak, her knees shaking a little. “I had an… accident.”

“An accident? And you’re not injured? What does that mean?” The demoness smiled as she turned to face the girl. “You look fine. What’s the problem sweetie?”

“I… pooped myself…” The girl sobbed gently.

“I see… how unfortunate. Let’s get some privacy for you.” Choco walked behind the girl and locked the door to prevent any unknowing persons from humiliating an already embarrassed schoolgirl. “Can you hand me your ID?” The high schooler complied and Choco went to her computer to get basic information about the girl from the school’s registrar. She then proceeded to lay plastic sheeting and various materials on one of the beds. “Come here.” The girl awkwardly waddled over to the nurse, careful not to move the mess in her panties around her butt more than it already was. “Can you turn around and lift your skirt for me?” The student’s eyes widened in shock as Choco continued. “I want to check the damage so I can get the right stuff to clean up with.” She lied through her teeth. She was just indulging her perverted thoughts. But as the person with power in the situation, the girl obliged.

“I-is this good enough?” The student lifted her navy-blue uniform skirt to reveal her solid white panties. Or rather, what were formerly solid white, having been thoroughly stained brown in the back. The sexy nurse was taken aback for a second at the sheer amount of feces the poor girl had filled her underwear with. From an initial look, it appeared as though the girl had stuffed a softball down the back of her panties.

“Y-yes, very well. I’m gonna take them off, okay?” The nurse asked. The girl only nodded her head in an attempt to hide her shame. As Choco lowered the soiled undergarments, she almost lost her composure at the sight. It was common for her to help students that had accidents in their pants, but usually they’d only wet themselves. Usually, no one ever messed themselves, especially to the degree she was witnessing in front of her. The panties were unsalvageable, and the girl’s butt was thoroughly caked in her own feces. “Let’s get you cleaned up,” Choco gestured at the bed before continuing, saying, “Lay down on your stomach for me.” The girl complied, exposing her messy, bare bottom to the open air above her, the smell having long filled the room. The busty woman could see a slight wetness around the girl’s privates, but decided not to comment on it, lest she get reported and fired for sexual misconduct.

“Right, my fantasies are just that,” Choco thought to herself, returning her mental state to a state of work as she got to doing her job. She wiped down the girl’s behind gently with paper towels before going over her buttocks a second and third time with baby wipes to make sure she was clean. “Alright sweetheart, all clean. Turn on your back for me,” Choco instructed. The girl complied, her face now crimson with embarrassment from having her accident cleaned up by someone else. The nurse rummaged through a bag and pulled a white object from it, making the student’s eyes pop out of her head.

“Ms. Choco!” The girl yelled, half in fear and the other half in anger. “I can’t wear that! I’m an adult! I graduate in a couple of months! I can’t be seen in that!” The devilish lady looked at the girl with a smirk as an evil plan came to her mind.

“Are you that confident?” Choco provoked. “You’ve already messed your pants and came in here crying like a child. Now you claim your adulthood?”

“It was one time!” the girl argued back. “Everyone’s bound to have something like that happen at least once, right?!”

“Then can you prove it?” Choco challenged the girl. She swallowed a lump in her throat, knowing that she’s past the point of return.

“W-what?” The senior student was taken aback. “What do you mean?”

“I saw you’re participating in night classes to catch up with school work. As it happens I’m covering for the night shift as well. So, I propose a bet.” Choco tried her best to hide her lust as she rubbed her legs together.

“A bet?”

“Yes. I put the diaper on you. You will wear it starting now until you finish your night classes. When you’re done, you will go to my office and show me. If it’s clean and dry, you win. But if it’s not, you lose.”

“Okay…” The schoolgirl was cautious but knew that she wouldn’t have another accident. She smiled at the nurse to save face. “What’s the stakes?”

“If I win, you have to concede that you are nothing but a child. In addition, you will have to wear and use diapers for a whole week.”

“What?!” The girl outburst.

“I’m not done. I know you have night classes and that you live alone in the dorms. So when I say a whole week, I mean twenty-four-seven. You may not take them off for any reason without my permission. In addition, you won’t be allowed to change yourself. I will do that. You’ll come to my office or I’ll come to you in the dorms.” Choco finished explaining, placing the diaper on the bed in front of the girl.

“Why would I agree to that?”

“Well, let me tell you what you get if you win. In the notes of the registrar, I saw that you don’t have the best of grades and general performance. However, you seem to do alright on the track team. The coach owes me more than one favor, and I can use that to your advantage. If you win, I’ll get the coach to put you up for a sports scholarship.” Choco boasted her influence to the girl, causing her to panic.

“Y-you’re twisted…,” was the only thing that would come out of her mouth.

“Correct. Now, what will it be? Do you accept my terms?” Choco held her hand outwards in anticipation of the girl’s response, who pondered to herself for a moment.

“This should be easy! I’m not some baby. I shouldn’t let a little accident stop me from missing an opportunity like this!” The high schooler regained her mental fortitude and took the nurse’s hand confidently. In that moment, something felt off, but she dismissed it after a few seconds.

“I’m glad we have a deal. Now, if you’ll be so kind, I need to finish changing you.” Choco spread the girl’s legs and proceeded to put the diaper on her, taping it up and pulling her skirt down to cover the padding. As soon as the girl left the room, the demoness chuckled maniacally to herself. “That worked out just as perfectly as the other girls. Soon enough, the curse will kick in and she’ll wish she could take everything back.”

What the high schooler didn’t know was that Choco did this to every girl who came into her office with wet or messy underwear. She would lure them into making a bet, and immediately curse them to ensure she won, giving her a diaper slave to play with for one week. Working at an all-girls school, Choco considered herself lucky. At least one girl a week would come in asking to be cleaned, so she was never in need of cute girls to indulge in her fetish with. With a smirk the nurse locked the door and sat on her office chair, a crinkling sound filling the room. Closing her eyes, she opened her lab coat and started rubbing at the padding between her legs. With a loud exhalation, the naughty nurse pushed on her bladder and bowels, soiling her own diaper with ease as she pleasured her womanhood through it.

“I’m so bad… so depraved…,” she hummed to herself as her bodily functions ceased and she lavished in the incomprehensible warmth around her privates. The kinky woman took a hand under her shirt as she started massaging her breasts, the other hand moving from over the diaper to inside it, rubbing circles around her now soaked pussy. She moved her ass against her seat, squishing her freshly made mess against herself. This pushed Choco past her breaking point as she shuddered in an orgasm. “Heh, if I was discovered like this, I’d never find another job,” the nurse mused, laying in her bliss for a moment before cleaning up and continuing her “duties”. After all, there were a few girls she was expecting to be in need of a diaper change.

Night had fallen upon the school Choco worked at and the nurse was lounging on one of the beds, browsing her phone in search of artists to commission until she heard a knock followed by some faint sobbing from the other said of the door. She smiled, knowing full well what was awaiting her. “Come in,” she said slowly, almost mocking in tone. As she thought, the girl from earlier in the day came, bawling her eyes out as she entered the office, locking the door behind her.

“Did someone have an accident?” The girl did nothing but nod in place, tears rolling down her cheeks as she grapples with the fact that she was now doomed into wearing and using diapers for a week. Within a handful of hours, her adulthood had been fully stripped away from her and she was now nothing more than a baby. Choco patted the bed, beckoning the girl to come forwards. “You know what to do.” The humiliated high schooler looked away as Choco changed her diaper for the first time of what would be many that week.

After a brief conversation setting ground rules, Choco gave the girl her number and sent her on her way in her clean diaper. As she left, the nurse began to pack up her own belongings to leave for the night. Just then, she received a call on her phone from Minato Aqua. “Hello?” Choco answered. Hearing the situation on the other end, the woman did her best to hold back from laughing. “Okay, okay, I’ll be right over,” she said before hanging up. “Two girls in one diaper, huh? How scandalous, even for me!” Choco belted out laughing. She knew she was in for a hell of a night.

