Bladder Busting Days at Baxter High

Author: MagicUnicorn

*000*2020-12-08 04:29

A/N This is my first piece on here. I how you enjoy!!!

Also, the tag of Messing won’t come into play until another part

This takes place in the CAOS (Chilling Adventures Of Sabrina) universe and is set around the first season with some minor changes.

###

Sabrina rolled over and sat up, rubbing the last traces of sleep from her eyes.

Right away the smell of fresh coffee hit her nose full force, perking her up almost immediately.

She grabbed a black sweater, her favorite blue panties, and a pair of jeans.

After some hair brushing and some makeup, she hurried down the stairs and into the kitchen.

“You sleep like the dead cuz.” Ambrose commented as Sabrina took her seat at the table.

Sabrina rolled her eyes but laughed.

Aunty Hilda slid a pile of pancakes in front of her, so fresh they had a bit of steam coming off of them.

“Hurry up and eat my love, or you’ll be late for school.” Hilda added before going back to cooking.

Zelda was silent, scanning the paper as she enjoyed her morning cigarette.

“It’s 101 degrees outside!” She exclaimed, showing Ambrose and Sabrina the section she had just read.

“I think I better harvest the turnips then! Don’t want them to boil now do we!” Hilda said.

As Sabrina hurriedly ate her breakfast, she managed to drink two cups of coffee and 2 cups of orange juice.

“Wow, someone was hungry!” Aunt Hilda commented as she cleaned.

Sabrina chuckled, as she began to put away the remnants of breakfast.

After Sabrina had said goodbye to everyone, she briefly considered going upstairs to change into something like shorts, but decided she’d be fine and she didn’t want to chance being late. Sabrina threw her bag on her back, hurried out the door, and she was off.

After she got to school, she noticed a crowd of students around the bulletin board looking anxious.

“Did you hear?” Theo asked, appearing beside Sabrina.

“Uh…. no I don’t think I have. What happened?” Sabrina asked.

“Apparently overnight some jokester flushed like an entire roll of toilet paper and blew a massive hole right through the main pipe. The plumbers have been working for a few hours but they’re still not done.” Theo explained.

“So where are we supposed to go!?” Sabrina exclaimed.

“The nurses bathroom isn’t connected to the main pipeline, so that’s the only place you can go!” Theo added before leaving to tell others of the news.

Sabrina was shocked, and looking around she wasn’t the only one.

A few seconds later she ran into Roz, who looked extremely flustered.

“I forgot to use the toilet before I left!” Roz whispered.

Sabrina gave her a sympathetic look before realizing she was going to be later to Calculus if she didn’t hustle.

The first few classes passed by very quickly. Soon enough, it was lunchtime and Sabrina found herself polishing off her 4th bottle of water.

“It’s like a thousand degrees out!” Harvey was telling Roz.

“And he still made you guys run?” Roz asked.

“Yeah! I almost passed out!” Harvey added before chugging his water.

Just then the speakers crackled to life.

“Students, please remember to rehydrate as we face this heat wave. There is bottled water for everyone in the cafeteria. Thank you and have a nice day!” The principal said.

Sure enough, there was a table piled high with bottles at the front of the room.

Sabrina was hardly paying attention. All of the drinks she had finished were catching up to her. She finally tuned back in when Roz stood up and declared she was off to the bathroom. Sabrina was about to go with when she saw the look on Harvey’s face.

“What do you mean go to the bathroom? That line is at least a 20 minute wait. You’ll be late to class for sure! Harvey exclaimed.

Roz’s face grew red, and Sabrina saw her eyes grow wide.

“20 minutes! English starts in 5! I guess I can wait…” Roz trailed off, but by the look on her face she couldn’t wait.

Sabrina had an idea.

“Um, Roz, we’re gonna be late to study hall if we don't hurry up.” She said

Roz and Sabrina hurried down the hall, and once they were away from the guys, Roz let out a huge sigh and crossed her legs.

“I need a fucking piss so bad!” She exclaimed, first looking around before grabbing herself.

“Me too!” Sabrina said.

Roz seemed much worse off. Her jeans were digging into her bladder, which was large enough that it was starting to show through her striped shirt.

“Roz!!!” Sabrina exclaimed.

Roz looked down at her stomach and gasped. “I look pregnant and it feels my bladder is about to pop!” She groaned.

“Just go get in the line. I’ll cover for you.” Sabrina offered.

“Really Brina? Thank you!” Roz stammered.

Sabrina just smiled, trying not to wince as her bladder spasmed.

“Just two more classes. Two more classes and a bike ride home.” Sabrina mumbled under her breath as she made her way to Ms. Wardwell’s classroom.

As she walked into the room, she noticed how empty it was. There were only a handful of people in the room, all of them fidgeting.

“I hope Roz makes it!” Sabrina thought as she sat down.

She began working through her Calculus homework, stopping every minute to sneakily squeeze her crotch. A little while later a red faced Ms Wardwell Burst through the door, followed by a dozen students, Roz included.

“Ok class. The nurse’s toilet is down now too. Sit down and do your work. There’s nothing we can do about it, so I don’t want to hear any complaining!” Ms. Wardwell said.

The students took their seats, most with a pained expression.

Roz looked worse then she had when Sabrina had seen her only ten minutes earlier. She was crossing and uncrossing her legs, but that didn’t seem to be helping much. Sabrina also saw that Roz was sporting a small wet patch on her jeans.

Sabrina tried to return to her homework, but she couldn’t. Any bit of mental power not used by concentrating on her bladder was watching Roz.

Roz was doing a classic “potty dance”, and she wasn’t the only one. Currently she was alternating between sitting on her heel and crossing her legs as tight as possible.

After only a few minutes of this, Roz got up, talked to Ms. Wardwell, and left.

For a split second Sabrina wondered where Roz was going, but a wave of pain from her bladder caused her to lose her train of thought immediately.

She was growing more desperate as time passed, but she was still pretty confident that her jeans would stay dry.

An uneventful 15 minutes passed, and Sabrina was still hanging on. However, in the corner of the room, Ms Wardwell didn’t seem to be doing to well.

Sabrina looked around and noticed that a lot of the students seemed moments away from pissing everywhere, however, no one had done so yet.

It was 1:55, only 5 minutes until the end of the period, when a small whimpering could be heard, followed by a steady pattern of drops hitting the floor. A sniffling girl, whom Sabrina identified pretty quickly as Mary-Anne, hurried out of the classroom. That small accident seemed to be almost too much for a few students, as the wiggling and fidgeting increased.

However, the bell rang shortly there after, and everyone stood to leave.

“I know a few of you have me for English so listen up. Class will be in the library. If you see any of your classmates spread the word.” Ms. Wardwell said.

Sabrina made her way to the library, wincing as every step jostled her swollen bladder.

Somehow, she managed to make it to English without losing a single top of piss.

Sabrina absentmindedly reached for her water before her bladder reminded her that more liquid was the opposite of what she needed. However, she noticed it was empty for the sixth time today, which only seemed to worsen her desperation.

“When the heaven did I finish two more bottles?” She asked herself quietly.

Seconds later her bladder protested angrily, sending a wave of pain throughout her stomach, causing Sanrina to grimace.

Just then Ms Wardwell opened the door and strode in. Sabrina noticed with a smirk that Ms Wardwell had changed out of the clothes she had been wearing only some 5 minutes ago.

The class was going off without a hitch. With some difficulty Sabrina managed to focus on the reading and try not to think about her bulging bladder.

During English alone 3 more students pissed themselves and left. This didn’t help Sabrina’s need at all.

With every minute that passed the pressure grew and grew. With only five minutes left of class, the first of many spurts of piss shot from Sabrina’s clenched muscles, creating a dark wet spot on her pale blue panties.

“No! I can’t piss my pants! There has to be a spell for this!” Sabrina thought.

However, no such spell came to mind, not to mention that it would be practically impossible to cast it without alerting the people around her.

Luckily, the bell rang and Sabrina did her best to get up. However, as soon as she stood up the pressure nearly doubled. Sabrina hurried out of the classroom and out of the school.

She actually saw Roz as she passed, and noticed she was wearing a slightly lighter pair of jeans.

As soon as she reached her bike, she slammed her ass onto the seat, temporarily giving her some relief as the hard seat put pressure on her tired peehole.

She sped down the path towards the house, each bump or jolt causing her to lose more and more spurts.

By the time she was at the front door, there was a fist sized wet patch on the front of her jeans.

She yanked open the door and ran towards the stairs, begging her muscles to hold on just a little longer.

Sabrina waddled up the stairs, stopping to cross her legs after nearly every step. As the bathroom grew nearer and nearer, her muscles weakened. With every step she lost a spurt of piss, darkening her jeans most of the way down her thighs.

Finally the toilet was in sight. Sabrina reached to undo her jeans, willing her muscles to hold on for another second. As soon as she was able to get the button undone she started to lose control. At first she tried to hold herself, but that only resulted in her hand becoming soaked. She pulled and pulled at her jeans, but they wouldn’t come down.

Hot piss began to spread down her jeans darkening the pale blue jeans to a dark blue.

For nearly two minutes she stood there, listening to the hissing sound and taking in the absolute bliss as her pee pooled around her feet. All Sabrina could think about was how good it felt to finally empty her poor, stretched bladder.

By the time she was nearly done, there was more wet material then dry on her jeans.

Sabrina finished up, and peeled the pee soaked jeans off. She couldn’t help but notice how easily she was able to undo her jeans once she wasn’t desperate for a piss. The culprit has been the zipper, which had caught on her panties in her haste to shed her clothes.

After a quick shower, Sabrina realized she would have to hurry if she didn’t want to be late for class at the Academy Of Unseen Arts. She threw on a pair of black leggings, a maroon sweater, and a pair of black boots.

In her hurry, Sabrina failed to notice the growing pressure in her bowels. In fact, it wouldn’t be until she was in class that she realized how much trouble she was in.

*010*2021-02-16 18:41

A/N: Hello! I know it’s been about two months since the last part, so I’m sorry for that. This is the second and possibly last part. I started drafting another part to follow this one but it started going down an ABDL path, so I’m going to stop it here (for now at least). Thank you for reading my little ramble, and without further ado, here is part two!

Sabrina shut the door behind her, unintentionally drawing attention to herself as she made her way into the classroom. Her seat was by the door, a rickety old desk and chair that creaked and squeaked when you shifted your weight in it. She knew Blackwood had done this intentionally when making a sort of seating chart by the smirk on his face when she moved a millimeter and the whole desk sounded like it was breaking in half.

“Thank you for finally joining us, Spellman. Since you seem so keen to arrive on your schedule, how does detention sound? Better check your calendar, make sure you don’t have a pep rally later!” Blackwood said, a nasty smirk on his face as the class erupted into laughter.

Sabrina sat down, her face hotter than the 9th circle of Hell. She dug through her bag, pulling out her textbook and wishing she were anywhere but in this room.

Most of her classes went by uneventfully. Magic was amazing, but learning the proper root of a Latin word was boring, almost as boring as learning about the properties of dragon eye. By the time she slid into a desk in her last class, her stomach was beginning to grumble and ache.

“Did I eat lunch today?” She thought to herself.

She vaguely remembered Harvey making some comment about beans… That’s it! Burritos. Her face grew pale as she quickly realized what she had mistaken as hunger signals were actually much much worse. She began to sort through her mental mind palace, trying to think of the potions Hilda always brewed for stomach issues. She even flipped through her notes, but found nothing useful.

Class seemed to slow, with every minute bringing another cramp to her stomach. Finally the bell rang, and Sabrina sighed, the feeling of impending relief seeming that much closer. She hurried down the stairs, trying to keep herself from putting a hand on her ass to help her hold everything in.

Another cramp in her stomach reminded her what was about to happen.. She slipped through the students, finally making it outside and down the dirt path to where she parked her bike. As Sabrina climbed on, her stomach gave another cramp, and this time it started to push out the huge mess brewing within.

She kept pedaling, hoping that the pressure of the bike seat would buy her a few minutes. Her body however was having none of this. A wet fart slipped from her clenched ass, and she knew that in a matter of seconds she would explode. Glancing around hastily, she stopped pedaling.

Sabrina hopped off of her bike, letting it fall against the smooth dirt path. She yanked at her leggings, managing to pull them down just in time as a blast of diarrhea shot from her, splattering the bush and the leaves. It just continued, a never ending liquid mess spraying from her, coating everything within a few feet and creating a putrid smell. More than a minute later she was finally empty. She sighed and looked around. With some difficulty she managed to pull up her pants and arrange her clothes so she could at least preserve some of her dignity.

Just as she was lifting her bike off of the path, she heard the smooth voice that played on repeat in her head, the voice that belonged to the boy she was head over heels in love with.

“Brina?”

No. No no no no no. This couldn’t be happening. When she turned around, she was sure she would see an empty path, there was no way the boy she was in love with was standing there. With her eyes closed tight, she slowly turned around. As she opened her eyes, her stomach dropped. She whipped back around and attempted to get on to her bike, but she wasn’t fast enough.

Nick grabbed her shoulder, lightly, before helping her get situated. His strong hand sent shivers down her spine. She couldn’t bear to look him in the eye, knowing what he had just witnessed.

“Brina? Are you okay? I’m getting worried about you.” He said quietly.

Sabrina nodded, and she felt his hand leave her shoulder.

“Can I come over later?” He asked.

She nodded, a tear slipping down her cheek. With that she sped off towards the Spellman Sister’s mortuary, the tears starting to blur her vision. She couldn’t believe he had been there. Hadn’t she looked around? As soon as she was home, she ran up the stairs and into her room, her stomach gurgling as she slammed the door behind her.

After she had decimated the toilet, she stripped down and showered for the second time today. This time, she opted for a long shirt, pajama shorts, and a raggedy old pair of underwear.

She paced back and forth, dreading the conversation she was going to have with Nick. How was she going to explain that? He'd think she was a child that hadn’t been potty trained, especially after last week and now today. However, soon enough, there was a knock on the door.

Nick hesitated, then opened the door and stepped in. His face was one of concern. Why had she thought he’d be mad? He stepped towards her, and gently took her into his arms. She kissed him, then pulled him into her bed. She would talk to him, eventually, but she was going to push that back as long as possible. Who needed conversations when you could just have breathtaking sex?

A little while later they lay, side by side. Sabrina was exhausted. She fell asleep, seemingly unaware of the growing pressure in her bladder.

When Sabrina awoke, she was immediately aware of 2 things. One, it was dark and she was curled up to Nick, with one of his heavy arms draped around her shoulders, and two, she had to piss incredibly fucking bad. She started to get up, but quickly realized she wouldn’t be able too without waking Nick.

She knew, based on the last few incidents, once she started to leak, she had less than 10 minutes. She managed to stuff one of her hands into her shorts, holding herself as hard as possible. She looked back at Nick, who was deeply asleep.

He looked peaceful, so incredibly peaceful. Sabrina knew he hadn’t been sleeping well lately, and she couldn’t bear to wake him. She tried to distract herself by studying Nick. Suddenly, as though he could sense she was awake, he rolled onto his side and unconsciously pulled her closer into a lopsided hug.

The pressure was too much , and a stream burst out, one that took Sabrina a full 10 seconds to get back under control. Without thinking, Sabrina whimpered loudly. Nick jerked awake instantly, and let go of her.

“ARE YOU OKAY?” He asked frantically, all traces of sleep gone at once from his voice.

He flung back the covers, and gasped. Sabrina wasn’t surprised. She would probably gasp too if she saw the person she was dating curled up, hands desperately holding themselves, with a small puddle under them. She didn’t care about how she looked, she was trying to keep the flood at bay.

“Brina! Why didn’t you wake me? I’ll help you up!” He cried, reaching and lifting her as though she were no more than a rag doll. As soon as he lifted her she tried to squirm out of his arms, but he didn’t seem to notice. She whimpered again, although this time it was for a different reason.

He adjusted her, holding her to him like a baby. He either didn’t notice or care that his 17 year old girlfriend was pissing all over him. She cried, sobbed in his arms.

“I’m sorry!” She choked out between sobs.

“Hey, Brina, I’m not mad! Just calm down, okay. I’m not going to hurt you. I would never hurt you.” He said, holding her tight in an attempt to console her.

Her reaction alone confused him. He would never dream of hurting her, so why did she react so strongly as though he would?

After a few minutes, Sabrina was calmed down enough to talk, but as she opened her mouth to speak, Nick started talking.

“How many times have you had, you know, accidents,” he asked, his face turning a bright shade of pink as he spoke, “In the last month or so?” He added as an afterthought.

This time it was Sabrina’s turn to blush. Mentally, she started counting. There had been 6 just this week, and last week maybe 4 or 5.

“You don’t have to answer if you don’t want to, but I know there was a couple times last week, and now today…. is everything okay Brina?” Nick asked.

“I really don’t know why it keeps happening. You probably think I’m disgusting.” Sabrina mumbled.

“Is that what you think? That I think you’re disgusting? Brina, I don’t care. I love you, and loving you means taking care of you,” He said, quietly, “Even if that means putting you in diapers or something else, I will take care of you if you let me.” He finished.

“Diapers?” Sabrina said with a smirk.

“If that’s what you want then I’ll go pick up a pack in that pharmacy over in Riverdale,” He said, “but first I’ll get this all cleaned while you go shower or take a bath.

Sabrina nodded. It felt fast, jumping right into diapers, but somewhere in the back of her mind she knew she was going to have to find a way to solve this issue, and she didn’t want to have to keep doing late night loads of laundry.

“Can I come with you?” She asked.

“Brina it’s almost 1, but yes if you want to you can come with, although I recommend that you take a bath first.” He said playfully.

She gave him a sheepish grin, then started stripping off her clothes.

Sabrina lowered herself into the bath, the hot water enveloping her. As she soaked, she couldn’t help but let her mind process what had just happened. Nick had calmed her, had taken care of her. She was almost sure she loved him, and one thing Sabrina did better then anything was protect and care for those she loved.

Sabrina pulled a fluffy white towel around her, and went back into her bedroom. Nick had already stripped the bed and tossed everything in the wash, and was in the process of trying to put a fitted sheet on the mattress when Sabrina walked in.

“You should probably take a shower, Nick, because i can smell you from here!” She said with a playful grin.

He rolled his eyes in an over exaggerated way, sending her his glowing smile along with it, then he decided to take her advice and head for the shower.

Sabrina made her way over to the closet. As she rummaged through it, she noticed that all of her comfortable clothes were either in the laundry or in a basket waiting to be washed. She finally found a worn grey dress that she had outgrown years ago. The hem of the dress didn't even brush her knees.

She sighed, then grabbed a pair of light purple panties with white butterflies. She really, really needed to do laundry.

The car ride passed in comfortable silence. Nick hummed along to the radio, glancing over at Sabrina every so often. Sabrina noticed that he had brought a few towels, and when she asked he had shrugged and said, “Just in case.” When they got there, Sabrina opted to stay in the car, and almost as soon as Nick left, she regretted it.

Her bladder began rapidly filling, and within 10 minutes of Nick going inside, Sabrina was starting to squirm. With no one else in the car to see her, she shoved her hands into her panties, hoping Nick would be out soon. With her bladder weak from all the strain she had been putting on it, t wasn’t long before a spurt snuck past her defenses.

Sabrina was doing a full on dance in the car, looking around desperately for Nick, but finally she couldn’t take it much longer. She grabbed the towels and lifted herself enough to shove one underneath her. Then, she took the other towels and bunched them up, shoving them between her legs.

“He’ll be back soon, you’re not gonna piss your pants, again, in your boyfriends car,” She muttered, “correction; dress. You are not going to piss this way too short dress, because you are not a child.”

However, despite her best efforts, she couldn’t keep the floodgates closed. Finally, a small leak trickled out, followed by another, then another. The floodgates opened and she couldn’t stop it. Her idea of towels was working, until she realized the towels she had bunched up were soaked. She managed to cut off the flow with some difficulty, but she knew that wouldn’t last long.

Just then Nick exited the store, plastic bags in tow. He unlocked the car, opened the door, and sat down, but it wasn’t until he turned to say something that he noticed the predicament she was in. He went into problem solving mode. He grabbed one of the bags, dumped it onto the backseat, grabbed the wad of wet towels, threw it into the bag, then sighed.

“I’m sorry.” She mumbled.

“It’s not your fault. I should’ve thought this through and not left you without access to a bathroom. Let’s just get home, okay Brina?” He said reassuringly.

They began the drive home, but they had hardly gone a mile when Nick stopped. He opened the door, walked around the car, and opened the door for Brina.

“What are you doing?” She asked, looking around, confused.

“You still have to go.” He said matter of factly. “We’re on a secluded road, in the middle of the night.”

Sabrina saw where he was going with this. She nodded, then climbed out of the car. She still had to pee pretty badly, so as soon as she was out of the car she started pissing full force, not caring about her underwear.

As she sat back in the car in her soaked underwear, she realized she had never felt this much like a child in years.

As soon as they were home, Nick leaned across the seat, kissing her goodnight. He helped her sneak inside, even helped her hide the diapers with a simple spell.

Finally he took her hand and looked straight into her eyes.

“I know this feels like a lot. We just started dating not even a few weeks ago. I meant what I said. I’ll take care of you for as long as you’ll let me, okay?” He whispered.

Sabrina nodded, a small smile sneaking onto her face. She yawned, suddenly feeling the exhaustion from a long day. He took this as a cue to leave, only turning back once to give her a hopeful smile, and then he was gone.

The next morning she woke with a start. She jumped out of bed, her stomach quickly cramping and trying to force whatever was left in her out with one giant push. She yanked her now dry panties down, scrunching her nose up once she remembered she had forgotten to take them off last night. As soon as her bare ass hit the toilet, she felt a hot liquid stream of shit erupt from her asshole, her guts bubbling and swishing as they emptied.

“For Hell’s sake, I’m never eating a burrito again!” She groaned.

Luckily, the PTA along with Principal Hawthorne had agreed that the school was going to need to shut down until the pipes could be fixed. Normally she’d have spent the day with her friends, but she wasn’t so sure she should be more than 20 feet from a toilet today.

Sabrina decided to start doing laundry, casting a glare at the short grey dress from last night. There was a large pile that Sabrina had shoved under her bed, casting a spell that locked the smell in and kept it from escaping into her room. She didn’t want her aunties to know about her accidents, so she only did laundry late in the night, but staying up every night doing laundry was not a sustainable plan, hence the huge pile under her bed.

She began to load up the wash, each price of clothing bringing back a memory of the accident that had happened in these clothes. When she pulled one particular pair of jeans out to put in the wash, she had to stop momentarily as her brain replayed the events over again, despite her protests and attempts to forget.

With the weather getting increasingly warmer and drier, she had been drinking water all day to replenish the water she was losing from sweat. That morning she had climbed on her bike only to realize something must have broken and was keeping the pedals from moving. She had handed it off to Ambrose and hurried to school, thinking nothing of it.

In her last class she had been getting increasingly desperate, but neglected using a public toilet in favor of her own. She had assumed she could just hop on her bike and be home in less than five minutes.

However, as soon as she stepped outside of the building, she remembered she had left her bike for Ambrose to fix. Her bladder had angrily spasmed, the idea of relief pushed back longer than she had expected.

As she hobbled through the forest, taking a short cut, she had to stop every few steps to grab her crotch and squeeze. By the time she was halfway home, she had leaked to the point that there was a huge baseball sized wet patch on her pale green panties, causing them to cling to her damp lips.

Step, step, spurt, step, step, spurt. By the time she had crossed the threshold onto the Spellman property, there was an apple sized set patch on her jeans, but it was barely visible unless you were staring at her crotch. As soon as she opened the door, she saw Nick standing there. She jumped, slightly, causing a small trickle of urine to push past her clenched muscles.

“Nick I’m happy you’re here but I’m about to explode so you might want to move!” She said, gently slipping past him as she tried to figure out how to get up the stairs.

“Babe, if you have to go that bad I can carry you upstairs, It’ll be quicker.” He said, lifting her up and starting up the stairs.

“Nick! Nick put me down. It's okay, really!” She cried.

It was too late. Before Nick could even move, she was pissing full force. Nick set her down as she lost control. There was a wet patch across his grey shirt.

She closed her eyes as piss poured from her, forgetting Nick was there. Her jeans grew darker down her thighs, the wet patch expanding across her ass and down the back. She moaned in relief, the feeling of the release after holding on for so long was almost orgasmic. Piss spread out around her feet, the puddle reaching nearly 3 feet in diameter before the last trickles left her. She slowly opened her eyes, panting slightly.

Nick was looking at her, his face showing his confusion. He also looked impressed. Tears of embarrassment prickled in her eyes, and she rushed up the stairs, her shoes squeaking. She looked back to see if he’d come after her, but he was already gone.

Sabrina finally came back to the present, realizing she had been clutching the now dry and stiff jeans as her mind replayed that humiliating accident. That had been the first time she had had an accident in front of Nick, however, it was not the first time she had had an accident, not even the first time that week.

She wiped away the tears, shutting the washer and going back to her room. She remembered the diapers, and an idea formed in her mind. If she was going to try diapers later with Nick, she was going to do a proper test. With that thought, she went and poured herself a large glass of water.

Later, she was drinking her 5th cup of water when she glanced at the clock, and realized she had to get ready to leave. She pulled on a dark grey skirt, and a red sweater, along with lacy black panties.

She only had two classes today at the Academy. Luckily, she didn’t have class with Blackwood. The council had investigated him and demoted him from headmaster down to a teacher, appointing Zelda headmistress in his place. He was bitter about this, and almost always took it out on Sabrina.

She slipped in to Banishing and Binding, taking a seat beside Nick. He looked over at her, his eyes glittering. He squeezed her hand, then looked forward once again. There were two pieces of rope on the table, presumably one for her and one for Nick.

“Today, class, we will be practicing the 3 knot banish. While this is a very beginner task, the next ritual we are learning next week will require you do the knot exactly right, or everything that follows will backfire rather horribly. Some students here could use a refresher course.” The teacher said, with the last part glancing at Elspeth.

Sabrina suppressed a giggle, remembering how Elspeth had messed up a simple rope binding, and had accidentally said “Min” instead of “thine” and had effectively tied her legs together for an hour, having to hop around the room like a frog.

With that, the teacher gave a brief demonstration before sending the students to practice. Nick and Sabrina rolled their eyes, but completed the steps with ease. Nick gestured towards Sabrina and she tried to say something, but all that came out was a garbled sound. Nick did the same, and he couldn’t speak either.

“Good job you two! Perfectly executed. If you followed the directions correctly, it should only last an hour, so by the end of class you too lovebirds should be able to talk all you want.” The teacher said, a proud smile across her face. After a moment she turned and walked away, leaving the two alone.

Nick tapped her, and saw that he had written something across his notebook. She leaned over and read it, a small grin spreading across her face at his messy handwriting.

“You look really pretty today”

She beamed, and grabbed her pen, adding a note of her own.

“Thank you. You look really good today too. What do we do now for the rest of class? That only took 10 minutes.”

“I wonder if she’ll let us go study in the library ;)”

Nick went up to the teacher and scribbled her a note, showing it to her. She nodded, then went back to helping some students. Nick came back towards her, grabbed their stuff, and nodded towards the door.

Once they were situated in the library, they could talk, or write, more freely without fear of being seen. Sabrina rubbed her stomach, her bladder filling rapidly. Her plan was working.

“Are you okay? You seem tense. Do you have to go?” Nick scribbled, passing her the notebook.

“I’m okay. I’m excited for later.” She wrote.

Nick smiled at her, then took out his potions textbook. Sabrina grabbed her Potions textbook, flipped it open, and started reading about the potion they were doing in class. As she studied, she felt the pressure increase, but that only furthered her excitement for what was to come.

“Now you’re going to add powdered shark eye until your potion turns a dark purple. Stir counter clockwise, then follow the directions on the board.” Hilda explained.

Sabrina did as she was told, and her potion turned a similar shade, although a bit lighter then Hilda’s. It was weird having her aunt as a teacher, but she had gotten used to it quickly. Here, Aunt Hilda told everyone to call her Hilda or Mrs. Spellman. At home, she was simply Auntie Hilda.

The bubbling of 18 cauldrons really wasn’t helping her bladder. Since she had left the library her need had gone from a low 6 to borderline 8. It felt like she was holding an entire ocean within her.

She quickly finished her potion, and sampled it when Hilda wasn’t looking. It was supposed to be almost like drinking a shot of espresso, but right away she realized her mistake. She had over stirred and missed one of the steps. Immediately she felt the contents of her bladder double, and she had to slam her thighs together quickly to keep everything in. She quickly called Aunt Hilda over.

“I think I missed a step.” She said, pointing to the now yellow potion.

“Ahh, if you forgot to add in a pinch of dried fig root, the potion would take on an immediate diuretic effect. You must have stirred two much, because that is a very vibrant yellow. Taking a sip of this would be like drinking a gallon of water. Imagine what that would do to your tummy!” Aunt Hilda rambled.

“Aunt- I mean Mrs. Spellman, I feel sick. I think the smell of the pickled pig tail is starting to get to me!” Sabrina lied, trying not to grab herself.

“No worries, happens to the best of us. How about you just head home. Class is over in 10 minutes anyway.” Aunt Hilda suggested.

“Thank you!” She said, feigning a smile. She managed to walk normally until she was under the cover of trees, and then she had to grab herself with two hands.

She hurried inside, clenching every muscle she could to hold in the flood. Somehow, Sabrina managed to make it to her room, but she knew she wouldn’t be able to hold on much longer. She grabbed some towels from her bathroom and laid them down, creating a small island of towels under her, just in case she leaked.

She held on still, dancing and squirming. Finally she heard the door unlock, followed by Nick calling out for Sabrina.

“Up here!” She responded.

He came in, and, seeing how desperate she was, grabbed a diaper immediately. Sabrina laid down, crossing her legs and holding on as best she could. Nick slipped the diaper under her and taped up the tabs. He stood up, helping Sabrina to her feet beside him.

Almost immediately she let go, the room filling with the hissing sound as she flooded her diaper. She tossed her head back and sighed, the feeling of the diaper puffing up around her the best thing she had ever felt.

Nick watched as the diaper swelled up, the indicators on the side changing colors as Sabrina continued using her diaper. He was worried it would leak, but from where he was it seemed to contain the liquid well.

Sabrina just kept going, determined to figure out how much the diaper really could take. However, even after nearly two minutes of peeing, the diaper still hadn’t leaked. As her stream trickled to a stop, she moved her legs and bottom and realized that the diaper had contained every drop.

“I- That wasn’t so bad.” She mumbled bashfully, looking at Nick.

He smiled, then reached his arms around her waist, giving her padded butt a pat.

“Looks like someone needs a change.”

