Lovers Desperation

Author: Utamate

*000*2014-09-27 06:21

Note: This is NOT a oneshot, that is, unless it is taken badly, I only make my stories oneshots if I decide there's no point in continuing. At the very least, this should have 2 chapters, but I plan to have more.

A man and woman were sitting next to each other on a fence.

The man was named Daniel, age 21, he was a strong man, but he wasn't the smartest person, he never was able to get a full education due to being taken to a place known as The Epidox.

(It's a long story that's in my head, not really a good idea to put it here since it has 0 omorashi, but pretty much, it's a dark realm where people who have gone insane in a way get taken to, Daniel got stuck there at age 7, and never got out until age 12, he wasn't able to catch up.)

He wore a black baseball cap, his shorts were blue, with a red stripe on the sides and his shirt was red, it was white at first, but he painted it red thinking it'd look better, he had a knife with him incase he got attacked, he was so pale he looked like he was sick, but he was actually 100% healthy, muscles weren't seen, he doesn't work out too much because he wanted to be strong, not buff.

The girl next to him was named Thyme, age 18, She met Daniel in The Epidox when Daniel was 12 and she was 9, they worked together and escaped The Epidox. They got lost somewhere in the US and lived on the streets since then.

She had a pink shirt on with a red heart at, well, her heart, it was a v neck and showed a bit of breasts, which she knew Daniel liked a bit, she just loved seeing Daniel blush and stutter when he gets nervous or embarrassed and the way her shirt was made was a perfect way to get that to happen.

Her jeans were cut with a knife, maybe Daniel's, to where it only went above Thyme's knees. She, just like Daniel was slim, but she wasn't as strong, she got scared easily, and often clinged onto Daniel when worried about something, and sometimes she'd kiss him to make herself feel safer, which somehow worked.

Daniel slipped his hand in Thyme's, causing her to look at him and smile.

She moved closer to him and put her lips on his, Daniel licked her bottom lip asking for entrance.

Thyme opened her mouth and let him in as they start moving their tongues around each other, they started to hold each other closer.

Thyme started to feel inside Daniel's shirt, and felt his body, liking how it feels.

"You feel really nice, Daniel." Thyme spoke.

"Thank you," Daniel voiced, "I don't know if I wanna feel you... I'd reach an area I shouldn't."

"Just feel a bit." said Thyme.

Daniel started feeling her stomach and slowly started going up.

Thyme made a "mmmm" sound as Daniel touched her bra a bit.

"Daniel?" asked Thyme.

"Yeah?" Daniel answered.

"In a few minutes we'll have to stop." Thyme spoke.

"Are you ok?" Daniel asked.

"I have to pee a bit, but I can hold it in for now." Thyme answered.

"Alright." said Daniel.

After a few minutes, Daniel and Thyme started making out, with Thyme laying on top of Daniel, every once in awhile squeezing her legs together.

"Are you ok?" Daniel asked Thyme, noticing her legs.

"I- I'm fine, I just need to pee." Thyme spoke.

"Let's go somewhere for you to pee then." Daniel said.

"I don't want to stop right now, we can stop when I get desperate." Thyme spoke, smiling.

She had once wet her pants when sleeping next to Daniel, Daniel cleaned it up with his shirt, Thyme figured she'd just take her pants off and help clean it with her already wet pants. They both were actually a bit turned on, Daniel had actually seen Thyme pee in her sleep and saw Thyme in her cute pink and blue panties, Thyme had enjoyed the feeling of her pee going down her legs. She was having a dream that she was 9 again, was in class, and had to pee really bad.

The teacher didn't notice her, and after squirming around, crossing her legs, and holding her crotch, she squirted a bit, her spurt turned into a leak, Thyme decided that she didn't want to deal with the pain of holding it in anymore, and just let herself pee in her pants. When she woke up she noticed that she actually did wet herself, and even peed some on Daniel, but she could still feel the relief, Daniel was sure he heard her moan while she was peeing, to her it felt so good, and she actually did feel like peeing all over herself again one day.

Thyme noticed her bladder filling up, and started to squirm.

Daniel started rubbing her thigh which made her only more desperate to go.

He didn't see her hand, but she grabbed her butt.

"Oh no," Thyme thought, "I have to shit."

She had never pooped in her pants, and didn't really want to, but didn't want to move away from Daniel's hands, she actually was thinking of just peeing right there, but she wanted Daniel to see her desperate. She had never had anyone see her need to poop.

"Where are you on the desperation scale so far?" Daniel asked.

"About a 5," Thyme answered, "It's starting to get pretty bad."

"Maybe we'll get you a bathroom when you're at a 7." Daniel spoke.

"Yeah." Thyme said.

Daniel dipped his thumb into her pants and slowly put his fingers in, and started rubbing her panties.

Thyme started moaning like crazy, crossed her legs, and clenched her butt, in an attempt to hold in her pee and poop.

"You're gonna make me piss." Thyme warned him, "I'm at like a 7 now, I can't hold it much longer anymore."

"You ready to stop and find a bathroom?" asked Daniel.

"Ummm..." Thyme spoke, trying to focus on Daniel instead of trying not to pee and poop in her pants, "Let's just make out a bit longer."

"What if you wet?" Daniel asked.

"I won't. I hope." Thyme spoke.

Her stomach made a sound and Daniel got a bit worried for Thyme.

"Are you ok?" Daniel asked.

Thyme didn't answer, instead, she grabbed her crotch with one hand and her ass with the other.

"Thyme," Daniel spoke, worried, "Thyme, are you bursting?"

She nodded as she felt her panties wet slowly with the pee dripping out of her.

"It... It's... It's not just.... pee...." Thyme tried to say.

"It's not?" Daniel asked.

"I... I'm gonna... ooooooooooooo!" Thyme whimpered as a log almost came out of her butt, "I'm gonna shit myself."

Daniel got Thyme on her feet as she tried her best to hold her pee and poop in, Daniel pulled her pants down and saw her panties.

Thyme doubled over onto Daniel.

"Daniel... I'm sorry..." Thyme slowly said as she started leaking and poop started to creep out of her butt, "I... I can't... hold it in... for another... second!"

Her panties quickly darkened as her bladder burst and she started peeing on Daniel, as her panties soaked in as much pee as it could, the pee starts flowing onto Daniel's pants, and actually turned him on, just when he thought she was done when her pee stopped, Thyme let out a wet fart as a lump grew in her panties, Daniel watched as she started pooping until the lump was as big as his fist. She cried as she finished having her accident.

"I'm sorry I pooped." Thyme spoke.

"It's ok." Daniel spoke as he started feeling the lump she made.

He took off her panties and dumped the poop out, but didn't give them back to her.

They started stripping and after some making out naked, they went back to sleep in each other arms.

Please keep in mind this is my FIRST omorashi story, so sorry if you don't like it or if it's too fast. Give me some advice if you think I could've done something better. Thank you.

*002*2014-09-29 23:44

{{: 

Not bad. But could have done without the scat.

}}

Like I said it's my first, and I don't know exactly what people here want yet, this will probably be a oneshot at this rate since it didn't seem to do so well

*005*2014-09-30 23:51

Yeah, it seems to be going uphill, and thank you guys for your comments, especially sobbi.

It made me feel a bit better about this, you guys seem to be enjoying this, I was thinking of just keeping this with one chapter, but I decided to turn back on that, chap 2 will come soon, message me if you have any suggestions as well, I'm not the best writer and can hit writers block sometimes.

By the way, I'm new to the site, I'm pretty sure lemon scenes are allowed, but I'm a bit confused still, what can I have in it, what is NOT allowed in lemon scenes? Or can I rip my balls out and glue em to the wall?

*007*2014-10-01 19:03

{{: 

Or can I rip my balls out and glue em to the wall?

}}

I DIDN'T MEAN LITERALLY!

