Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 3

Author: Poowrite

*050*2015-06-02 04:54

{{: 

Unless her expertise is strictly arcane and that is out of reach.

}}

Calista is strictly arcane. I'm not really putting many restrictions on what she can do though, because I want to encourage people to use her magic... for obvious reasons :P. Still, something like a "Turn Undead" is more the realm of the Priests' divine magic ^^.

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Desperate / Full

“Which room, Roland,” you ask, drawing the Priests' attention as the back door shudders again and the front door threatens to splinter in the face of a second ax strike. Every eye settles on you, the assembly curious to hear your plan. You try not to let your desperation show, but can't keep from squirming and fidgeting. You clench and unclench your thighs and you have to consciously resist the urge to hold yourself with both hands.

“Last room down the hall. Why?” He responds.

“You four hold the common room, protect the cellar. Stay away from the doors and window so those archers don't make a pincushion out of you. I'm going to go upstairs and see if I can't take out the archers from the second floor.” You're already on the way to the stairs when the Priests and the sell-sword look at each other and nod in acceptance of your plan.

“We won't have room to maneuver until those archers have been dealt with. Handle them quickly,” Roland says. You nod, and start up the stairwell as the four remaining men gather to defend the choke points.

You take the stairs two at a time. Each step makes you wince, the simple action of walking jostling the ocean in your bladder. You feel a sharp ache in your groin and abdomen. Your urethra seems to twitch, as if in warning that voluntary processes were getting dangerously close to becoming involuntary. You try not to think about facing your new companions after an accident. The best you could hope for would be that they'd be discrete and not mention it. Stress incontinence was common enough on the battlefield, after all. Halfway up the stairwell, with no one to see you, you jam your right hand between your legs and shamelessly hold yourself.

Once you reach the landing at the top, you hear a loud crash from downstairs.

“FOR MYKONA!” The voices of three Priests of the Dawn reach you on the second floor, invigorating you. They had called upon their goddess and she, it seemed, had seen fit to answer. The sound of battle being joined echoes up the stairwell, prodding you down the hall.

You move as quickly as you can, ignoring the sharp pangs in your bladder with each step. You enter the last room, a door on the right side of the hall, and hurry to the window. Sure enough, through the smudged and dirty glass you can see a pair of undead archers standing in the firelight cast from the inn's broken door. Like the ones that had charged the front door before, these are covered in a loose coat of flesh that looks ready to fall off their bones. Worms and other disgusting creatures wriggle in the empty eye sockets of one of the creatures.

They stand apart from each other, both with arrows nocked. One has his bow trained on the open door, the other on the window, waiting for a target.

Still squeezing your thighs together, you slowly push the window open. The chilly night air washes over you, causing the muscles in your bladder to tighten. “Ugggh...” you groan, trying to ignore your own needs. The sound of battle rings out from below, like a song from the open door. You can hear the shouts of effort from your allies as they fight for their lives. One of the archers looses an arrow, it streaks into the open door and apparently scores a hit, for you hear a cry of pain that could only have come from the living.

As the creature prepares a second arrow, you hold both hands outstretched and open palmed. Your right is aimed at the corpse before the door, your left at the one taking aim at the window. You exhale slowly, allowing the latent aether to flow through you, course up your arms and concentrate at a point about six inches from your open palms. You super heat the aether, and two spheres of liquid flame form before your outstretched hands. With a shove, you send the fire bolts blazing through the night toward their targets. A tail of flame follows each one, illuminating the area around the Goblin's Bag Inn for several yards.

The first fire bolt finds it's mark, exploding on contact and covering the corpse in liquid fire that clings to what remains of it's skin. Your aim with the second fire bolt is true as well, and you pump your fist victoriously as both archers go down in a burning heap.

The sound of battle still rages from the open door. “The archers are gone!” you cry, using just a touch of aether to make your voice carry. The odds were still poor for the Priests and the sell-sword. They had been out-numbered four to six when the battle had started, and there was no telling how badly wounded the man who had taken the arrow might be. They could use your help... but...

Your hold over your bladder was tenuous at best, any more powerful spells were likely to be all you could bear. The magic you typically used for defense might be more than you can take. And while you weren't in any danger of filling your trousers, you are still aware of the pressure building in your bowels. Extended combat might put you in an even worse situation than just a wetting. There were no chamber pots in the rooms, but you were desperate... Master Gerals would probably forgive you for going on the floor... if he ever found out you did it. But, could the Priests and sell-sword do without your help while you relieved yourself?

1. Join the battle!

2. Relieve yourself (bladder only, or bladder and bowels).

3. Other (please specify)

*064*2015-06-04 04:34

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Desperate / Full

Your bladder throbs, the pressure against your urethra is almost unbearable. You stand there in the room, grinding your legs together and squeezing yourself with your right hand. You're at your absolute limit, and yet you know you must endure. You can still hear fighting in the common room below you, the sound of weapons crashing together and bodies slamming against each other echoing up to the room from the broken door. As much as you want to spare yourself the humiliation of an accident, lives are simply more important than your trousers or your pride.

You grit your teeth, and make your way back out into the hall. In a few moments time, you step back into the common room. Chaos rages about you. Duncan and Roland stand near the front entrance, exchanging blows with a trio of undead. A fourth lay unmoving near their feet. The creatures still fighting shrink away from the Priests every time the stout men move in, and you don't have to channel any aether to feel the presence of magic in this room. ”Mykona is with them...” you realize.

Unfortunately, the goddess seems to have abandoned the nameless Priest. He is sprawled out on the ground, an arrow buried deep in his back. His white tunic is stained bright red with fresh blood. It is impossible to tell if he is still alive. Without him, the sell-sword is left to face two of the monsters on his own. Outnumbered two to one, it is obvious where you are most needed. You draw your blade, and join the sell-sword in combat.

You step in from his left side just as one of the undead thrusts at his exposed flank. You turn the creature's blade aside with your own, then press your own offense hard, creating some separation between yourself and the sell-sword so that the two of you don't stumble upon each other.

Unlike the Priests or the sell-sword, you haven't got much weight to throw around and had always relied on speed, finesse, and clever application of magic to give you an edge in melee combat. Alas, the call of nature makes it difficult for you to take advantage of any of these assets. Your bladder burns like the sun, and you're starting to feel the discomfort in your bowels even through the rush of adrenaline. Your tightly wound muscles prevent you from having an embarrassing accident, but prevent you from fighting with the fluidity and grace that you normally enjoy.

As such, your strikes are slow and stiff. Once you've put some distance between yourself and the sell-sword you lunge forward, thrusting the point of your saber at the undead's midsection. The creature turns to the side and your blade passes harmlessly by. It counters by driving the rusty hilt of its sword into your chest. Your armor cushions the blow, but you still feel the impact and the ache it leaves behind. The undead draws its blade back and swings it hard in a diagonal cut. You hop backwards, deftly avoiding the blow.

As you separate from the undead, your allies clash with theirs. From the corner of your eye, you see Roland bring the heavy ball of his mace down atop the head of one opponent. The rotted flesh splits open and the skull smashes under the weight of the blow. One of the remaining two undead lands a solid strike across Roland's back with a wooden club. It staggers the man, but he seems able to shrug off the pain.

The third ghoul brandishes a dagger at Duncan and receives a solid kick in the chest for its efforts. Pressing his advantage, the Priest feints high with his mace, then comes down low and bashes the creature's right knee. It drops do the ground, it's mouth open in a silent as Duncan rears his mace back and splatters the creature's head all over the floor.

You can't see what is happening with the sell-sword, but you hear him cry out in pain. You chance a glance back, and see him stumbling away from his opponent. He clutches his side, and you can see blood staining the links of his chain-mail, dripping down his hand and onto the floor. The rusty tip of the undead's spear is glistens crimson.

From the corner of your eye, you can see Duncan hurrying over to the sell-sword's aid. You turn your full attention back to your opponent. The Priests specialized in fighting creatures of undeath, Roland seemed to have things well in hand, and even though the sell-sword was injured, with Duncan's help the creature he was facing would be outnumbered. Perhaps you could fight defensively, and wait for someone to help you. It might help you avoid embarrassing yourself, though with the way your bladder was throbbing and aching that was certainly not a guarantee...

1. Fight aggressively! (Bonus to your combat roll!)

2. Fight defensively! (Bonus to your bladder saving throw!)

3. Try to retreat and leave the last three undead to your allies.

4. Other (please specify)

{{: 

...fair enough. To hell with it, let's go rekill some people. We have an excuse for not being able to hold it, we don't have an excuse for not backing up the priests. Let's go bust some heads. Option 1

}}

Hell, with the luck you've been having on your saving throws for your bladder, you might come out of this dry after all. Though... I probably just jinxed you.

