Ahsoka's Captive Ordeal

Author: Midd

*000*2023-03-25 16:42

Hi guys, I have returned again after a long period of lurking to submit another story, this is based on the clone wars episodes where Ashoka posed as a slave to save her people, resulting in her being locked in a cage, for those of you who haven't seen the episode I have included a link to her outfits the times she was enslaved, with the outfit she is wearing in the story being a combination of both. Comments are welcome and let me know if you want a continuation! Enjoy!

WARNING CONTAINS POOP DESPERATION AND MESSING

(Image link: https://www.deviantart.com/the-first-magelord/art/Ahsoka-Slave-Princess-revealed-271021018

)

Ashoka Tano usually trusted her master’s judgement, while Anakin Skywalker’s methods were… unorthodox, they usually garnered results. She said usually as currently his latest hare brained scheme had her posing, no actually becoming a slave for the amusement of Queen Miraj, ruler of the Zygerrian Slave Empire.

Ashoka had been forced to dress in a skimpy slave outfit. Parade herself in front of a room if slavers, before being escorted to a cage, suspended from the wall and locked inside.

That has been nearly 18 hours ago. During that time she had been fed a bowl of scraps from presumably the palace kitchen and given a large beaker of liquid to drink, before being left to get some fitful sleep, being woken by the groans and whimpering of her fellow slave girls suspended alongside her.

Originally Ashoka assumed that the groans were caused by cramped muscles and cold winds, something her skimpy outfit did nothing to protect her from, causing her nipples to become hardened and visible through her barely there coverings. However Ashoka soon realised it was due to the fact that nobody had come by to allow the slave girls to relieve themselves.

Ashoka awoke to a throbbing sensation from her full bladder, filled by the large beaker she had drank the night before, along with the rest of the day trekking to the slavers palace with no stop for the refresher. More worryingly she felt a heaviness in her bowels which told her she was in desperate need to empty herself.

Ashoka hated to use the refresher when someone else could hear her and was probably listening. Back on a Star cruiser with everyone bustling around she could go no problem, everyone was too busy to hear her. However when it was just her and her master alone on the ship they travelled in on, well she did well letting go of her bladder. Meaning she had at least 3 days of backed up waste inside her begging for release, along with a full bladder.

Looking around she could see her fellow slaves were in the same predicament. A green skinned Twei'lek girl was sat with her heel pressed into her crotch, her breasts bouncing as she jiggled in her cage. While a blonde haired Human girl was holding herself openly while whimpering and glancing around with pleading eyes as if a refresher or hell even a pot would magically appear. Seeing her own need reflected in those around her made Ashoka’s desperation worse and she started to subtly shift her weight from side to side as she assessed her options.

She couldn’t simply relieve herself in her clothes, she didn’t know how long she would remain like this, plus what kind of punishment she might receive. Nor could she simply pull her crotch coverings to the side and let go. Her cage was too constrictive and so was her costume. It was so form fitting the whole bodysuit had to be undone at the collar, which was currently locked shut. Meaning her only choice was to wait for relief. However no sooner did she think this Ashoka spotted the door to her jail block open and guards walk in with trays of food.

The girl’s immediately began crying out in various languages begging for relief, but the guards either didn’t understand or didn’t care, merely leering at the writhing girls and passing their food and drinks before moving on.

As they reached Ashoka’s cell they glanced at her before shoving her tray of food, the same scraps as before along with another big beaker of liquid. Ashoka didn’t bother to ask to relieve herself, it was clear that wasn’t happening yet. Instead she squirmed slightly as she looked at her breakfast. She didn’t want to add to her full bladder and bowels but knew she would likely be punished if she didn’t do as she was told, so she reluctantly dug in.

5 minutes later Ashoka was finished, her bladder felt like a hard ball, compressed by her tight costume, while her bowels felt like a coil of snakes writhing in urgency. Her fellow slaves were now moaning and squirming openly in desperation and Ashoka had no choice but to join them.

After an hour of this torture Ashoka was sure they were all about to suffer accidents when the guards returned and began removing the girls from their cages, lining the half naked and squirming beauties up as if they were queuing for a refresher.

Ashoka shifted from foot to foot, rubbing her hands on her thighs and clenching her cheeks, knowing that to hold herself meant practically exposing all in public. She blushed as she realised that the Human girl appeared to have her hand inside her skirt, rhythmically massaging her crotch to hold in her waters, however that was short lived when the guards came back and saw her doing this, threatening her with a whip until she stopped, leaving her from hopping from foot to foot with her hands clenched tight, similar to what Ashoka and the Twei'lek girl were doing.

The three desperate girls were frog marched through the palace, doing nothing to help their urgent needs, until they were brought to a doorway, where a single girl and a slaver were waiting for them.

The slave girl was a fellow red skinned Torgruta, also dressed skimpily, with her legs pretzeled as she bobbed up and down, pushing a trolly filled with trays of drinks. The slaver glanced at the new arrivals before speaking to them in common.

“Good, you have arrived. You will be serving drinks this morning to her majesty and her supporters, you will hold yourself to the proper decorum and not embarrass yourself or her majesty. Failure to do so will result in your public humiliation. If you are able to control yourself then you will be granted a rest period and the refresher, understood?”

The slaver looked at the girls who all nodded.

Ashoka glanced at the other girls, she doubted if any of them could wait that long, she was pretty sure she could spot some glistening on the Twei'leks thighs but that could just be sweat. As for herself, she knew it would be a close run thing, her Jedi training included controlling her body and it’s needs but this was pushing it to the extreme. Her bladder throbbed every time she took a step and her bowels were cramping hard in need of release.

The slaver nodded towards the trolley and the four girls, the other Torgruta seemingly joining, them picked up their trays and made their way into the room.

The girls were forced to carefully carry their trays throughout the room in circles before stopping and waiting before starting again. This was difficult to do in such a crowded room, compounded by their obvious needs, which try as they might to keep subtle, was noticed by everyone present, mostly down to their constant squirming and at this point pronounced bladder bulges.

The only respite from the torture was when their trays became empty and the girls could retreat into a servants alcove, allowing them the privacy to hold themselves and squirm frantically as their trays were refilled with fresh beverages.

After an hour of this torture it was clear that the girls were at their breaking point. None of them could keep their desperation subtle, with Ashoka being asked more than once to stand in place as the slavers watched her squirm in need. Her bladder was on the verge of bursting and she desperately needed to let out a few drops, while she was having to stop in her circuits occasionally and clench her cheeks tightly as her bowels made a desperate bid for freedom and caused her tired sphincter to open and threaten to spill its contents into her tight costume.

Returning to wait with the other girls, she could see that the Twei'lek girl had clearly leaked into her costume, her crotch darkened and glistening while she crossed and uncrossed her legs, causing her breasts to jiggle seductively and draw the eyes of many of patrons in the room.

The Human girl too was clearly beginning to lose her battle too, while her loin cloth betrayed no hint of an accident, her blushing face and refusal to look at anyone clearly gave away her inability to hold in her urine any longer.

The Torgruta Girl clearly shared Ashok’s dilemma as she could see her ass cheeks tightly clenched in the tight costume she was wearing as she marched in place. As she watched the girl gasped and looked down, drawing Ashoka’s eyes to her crotch which darkened briefly as the girl began to lose control.

Watching her fellow slave begin to get release was too much for Ashoka’s tired and bursting bladder and she felt the crotch of her costume darken as the first few drops of urine escape her quivering woman hood and dampen her crotch covering.

It was at this point the slaver in charge of their duty approached, taking in the sight of the four girls failing to control themselves with a look of disapproval.

“As you clearly can’t contain yourselves, once her majesty finishes her opening address you may be allowed to relieve yourselves, however there is only one pot for four of you so be sure to be efficient in its use.”

He said, with a malicious glint in his eye, before heading over to the alcove and placing a relatively small pot on the floor.

The sight of their potential relief drove the four slaves crazy, making their squirming all the more frantic.

As the Queen rose to her feet atop her throne she took in the sight of the four squirming girls and smiled.

“Welcome my loyal subjects to our annual slave market…” she began, her sentence being greeted by cheers from the assembled crowd.

Ashoka watched as the slave girls continued to slowly lose the battle with their bodies. The Twei'lek girl’s wet patch had now spread to her ass, while small rivulets of pee were running down the Human girl’s nude legs and forming a small puddle on the floor. The Torgruta girl was seemingly sacrificing her bladder to control her bowels as her wet patch steadily grew, highly visible on the light grey of her costume.

Ashoka meanwhile was seriously struggling to retain any control at all. She had leaked a further two times into her crotch strap, which now clung warmly to her womanhood which throbbed with need. Meanwhile it took more and more of her willpower each time to hold back her waste, as the waves of desperation were getting stronger and more frequent, the additional rich food she ate this morning playing havoc on her stomach.

This state of utter torture continued on for five excruciating minutes before the slaver Queen drew her speech to a close.

“… Now before we begin our auction, all these drinks have made me in dire need of a chamber pot! Slaves! Bring me my pot!”

This announcement was met with cheers from the crowd as the girls realised to their horror that their only source of relief was actually intended for the Queen.

With slow desperate steps the four girls shakily picked up the pot, each girls’ bladders desperately protesting as they got so close to relief, and gingerly made their way through the grinning crowd to the Queen’s throne.

“Excellent, two of you will hold my dress up, while one of you holds the pot nice and close, the final girl can wipe me clean when I am done.”

The Queen said with a grin, taking in the four bursting girls around her

“You two can hold my dress.”

She said , gesturing to the Twei'lek and the Human.

“While my newest slave can hold my pot!”

The Queen decreed, smiling widely at Ashoka. Her shifting form giving away just how desperate to pass her waters as her slaves were.

The two girls lifted up the Queen’s skirts, squirming as they stood. While Ashoka was forced to kneel down and slowly pull down the Queen’s undergarments, which she noticed to some surprised also bore a small wet patch. As she touched the Queen’s thighs that patch grew, causing Ashoka to groan and lose a spurt into her costume, a few spots of golden liquid splattering to the floor.

As the Queen’s nether regions were laid bare to the crowd the trembling Torgruta handed Ashoka the pot, who placed it between the Queen’s thighs. She could feel a wave of desperation building in her bowels and prayed it held off long enough for the Queen to finish and allow Ashoka to stand back up, as she had no control in her current position.

With a barely concealed moan the Queen began noisily emptying her bladder into the chamber pot. The sound caused all four slave girl’s crotches to darken further, with several spurts beginning to hit the floor.

The sight and sound of relief proved too much for the poor Twei'lek who despite burning her hand in her crotch, began to shamefully wet herself, her tired bladder letting lose a thick stream into her hand, casing it to noisily splash down her legs and pool on the floor as she sagged in utter relief.

The Torgruta girl too couldn’t hold her bladder any longer, squatting slightly and pissing forcefully through her costume, while holding her ass tightly with both hands.

The Human girl miraculously held onto most of her bladder although two powerful spurts escaped and splattered onto the floor.

While Ashoka too was forced to spurt into her costume. Her biggest problem was her bowels. Her current position left her ass cheeks spread and no matter how much she squirmed she could do little to prevent the first of several solid logs escaping from her tired Sphincter and beginning to tent the back of her costume. The young Jedi desperately tried one last time to hold back the inevitable, before with a shuddering moan, she lost all control and began to mess herself. Her first log curled thickly in the back of her costume before breaking off, before a second began to push its way out, with no more room her costume was pushed away from her ass, with the end off it beginning to poke out the sides, as Ashoka gave in and began to push out the third and final log, her bladder finally gave way and a golden waterfall ran from the crotch of her costume and pooled rapidly at her feet.

The Human girl watched all this unfold with wide eyed horror before quickly, while still holding the Queen’s dress aloft, squatted down and pulled the front of her loin cloth to the side, as she revealed her skimpy crotch cover which was already soaked through a thick stream burst through the saturated material and splattered loudly onto the ground.

The poor Torgruta girl who had finished wetting herself was frantically tugging at her costume, begging in common for help, but with her colleagues too busy disgracing themselves and the slavers too interested in the show. Her frantic squirming ending in her squatting down and noisily emptying her bowels into her costume, the tight material swishing her mess and causing it to hug her lithe figure uncomfortably.

The Queen had at this point finished relieving herself and quietly gestured for the gathered slavers to leave the room.

Once they were alone she sat back down on her throne, before looking on with a mysterious glint in her eye.

“You all failed to wait like good slave girls should to relieve yourselves. So you will be punished.”

She paused to allow the gravity of her words to sink in.

“You will be taken from here, striped and cleaned before you will be brought back to me again. For the next 24 hours you will be fed and watered and will not leave my side for any reason as you attend to my *every* need in private. If you can do this without disgracing yourself again, then I will grant you permission to wear clothes and use the refresher. Otherwise your 24 hours will begin anew the minute you soil yourself.”

The four slave girls listened to her words numbly, knowing their near future would most likely be filled with desperate accidents.

‘Master please hurry!’

Ashoka thought, noticing she hadn’t quite achieved complete relief in both her bladder and bowels.

‘I already need to go again.’

