HoloMess ~ShishiLamy~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-04-06 01:45

I'm back! I had a lot going on in my life. Also, I was infected by COVID. I apologize for being so slow. Anyways, hope you enjoy the next installment!

Shishiro Botan stretched on the futon, having grown tired of all the games of Battlefield she’d been dominating in. She looked at the clock on the wall. “She should be back in a couple of minutes,” the lioness said to herself aloud. She couldn’t resist but let a grin creep onto her face, she excitement untamable as she thought about the devious plan she hatched for her girlfriend. Today was April Fool’s Day, and Botan couldn’t let the opportunity to expose her other half to her fetish slip by. She loved watching girls fill their underwear. She could never imagine doing it herself, but the humiliation one experiences from soiling their pants sent jolts of electricity up her spine. As repulsive as it was, all the stories she’d heard about their seniors loading their panties with shit got her going harder than anything. She had decided a while back that she had to take advantage of the silly holiday to reveal this to her lover under the guise of a prank.

“Sorry I took so long coming back!” Botan’s train of thought was broken as a higher-pitched voice accompanied the sound of the front door opening. The source came from a familiar snow-elf, who was in the middle of taking off her shoes in the entrance.

“Ah, Lamy, welcome back,” Botan said while trying to get her heartrate under control. “I bought sushi for dinner. That fine?”

“Yup! Sounds good.” Lamy walked up and kissed her favorite lion-girl on the cheek. “I’ll make some tea. Jasmine, your favorite,” the blue-haired girl said with a wink. Botan smiled in reply. It almost made her feel bad for what she was going to do.

Dinner went over without a hitch, and both girls cuddled together on the futon, with an occasional exchange of kisses between them. As the mood rose, and as Botan thought enough time had passed, she made her move. In one swift motion, she flung herself on top of Lamy’s lap, facing her dead on and functionally pinning her to the furniture with her weight. This sent the bottom girl’s heart racing as lewd thoughts filled her head.

“Hey, I’m really in the mood.” Botan started to gently rub her crotch against her lover’s leg, eliciting soft moans from the both of them. She leaned into a kiss, forcing her tongue into the elf’s mouth. After a few minutes, Botan pulled back and stared her now aroused girlfriend’s beet-red face. “Close your eyes,” she demanded. Lamy was more than happy to comply, shutting her eyes as she leaned in for another kiss. The lioness complied, entrancing her in another passionate kiss, distracting her from the fact that her arms were being moved. The snow-white girl lost herself in the moment, letting the predator take its prey. Then, without warning, Lamy heard two loud clicks in rapid succession. This snapped her back into reality, as she tried and failed to get up from her seat. In her stupor, Botan had handcuffed her to one of the supports of the futon, trapping her to their lovemaking spot. Botan started snickering, “Hehe, April fools.”

“What’s this about?” Lamy struggled against her confines but gave up after a few hard tugs. With a blush, she told her partner, “What would you have me do?”

“Oh, that’s easy,” Botan started with a giggle, “I want you to poop your cute little panties.”

“What?!” Lamy started struggling hard, only now noticing a tense feeling in her gut. “Don’t tell me…”

“What’s the matter? The sushi hit you hard?” Botan snorted, finding pleasure in her lover’s turmoil. Lamy whimpered as she started to shift her position, a newfound desperation filling her body.

“Please let me go!” Lamy pleaded, violently rubbing her legs together as her control over her body started to loosen. An hour had passed, and she was at the end of her rope, being stuck in a state of despair, but in the same breath feeling aroused from the helplessness of it all.

“Go where?” Botan was having the time of her life, naturally. The lion could feel her stomach start to hurt a little, but decided to ignore it for the time being, knowing the using the bathroom now might result in missing the elf-girl’s messy accident. She placed some pet sheets under her girlfriend to ensure the impending mess didn’t ruin their furniture. Lamy could only whimper as she watched her significant other treat her like a pet.

“Th-the toilet… please let me use the toilet!” Lamy struggled one final time, pulling away from the futon, but failing. As if her body knew that victory was impossible, her anus opened against her will. Lamy gasped as she started to feel something snake out of her ass and into her snow-print panties.

“Wow…” Those were the only words Botan could manage as she watched the love of her life uncontrollably soil herself. She couldn’t help herself from going up to the poor girl and cupping her hand over the expanding bottom of the underwear, feeling the warmth and texture mush against her palm and back against Lamy’s now shit-covered butt. Looking at the front, Botan swore she could’ve also seen a bit of dampness in the front of Lamy’s panties. Those thoughts were cut short, however, by the sound of sobbing coming from in front of her. Their eyes met, tears clearer than crystal streaming down the defiled girl’s face.

The guilt hit Botan like a brick as the gravity of what she just did set in. Apologizing profusely, the lioness undid Lamy’s restraints and guided her to bathroom, where she was pushed away, and the door slammed shut in her face. Lamy couldn’t bring herself to do anything to clean herself, so she opted for the most childish option. She lowered her bottom onto the closed toilet seat, spreading her mess to every corner of her underwear as she sobbed quietly. Botan could hear the girl whimper from the other side, an emotional pain growing in her heart. What she didn’t know, however, was that Lamy was smirking devilishly upon her messy throne, ready to perform her sadistic deed.

“Shit, I really fucked this up,” Botan thought to herself. The implications of what might happen crawled down her spine without mercy. The idea that she may have ruined her relationship with Lamy forever wouldn’t escape her mind. The possibility that the elf would never speak to her again stabbed through her again and again. “I gotta fix this and fast!” The silver-haired girl finished mulling through her head as she knocked gently on the door. “Lamy, are you okay?”

“No…” Lamy lied through crocodile tears as she lightly rubbed herself through her dirty panties. “You could never know how this feels.”

“I…,” Botan trailed off. She was completely right. Never once had Botan messed herself since infancy. Her fetish completely disregarded other peoples’ feelings in exchange for her personal enjoyment. Guilt now having surfaced its way to her throat, Botan exploded in a long and thorough apology. “P-Please! Let me do something to make it up. Anything! I messed up. No, I fucked up! I fucked it all up because I’m a selfish idiot! So please… please, let me have a chance to make it right! I love you more than anything, and I could never go on without you… so please. I’ll do anything you say…” The lioness started choking up to the point where she couldn’t form words anymore. Lamy also started to choke up a bit, her tears becoming real as she felt her partner’s unconditional love. However, she had come too far to not get what she wanted out of this situation.

“Anything?”

“Y-yeah…” Botan regained some of her composure, but nothing could prepare her for what her girlfriend was about to say.

“Poop your panties.”

“W-w-w-wha… what?” Botan took a small step back in shock, in utter disbelief of what she just heard. As she processed the words in her mind, the door opened, revealing a red-faced Lamy, still in her dirty panties.

“I-it’s only fair…,” Lamy stuttered before continuing, “you made me mess myself against my will… so it’s only fair that you do the same…”

“I-I don’t know…” The lioness’s cowardice was on full display, but Lamy would not back down. She had filled her panties with crap for the first time since childhood. She deserved her vengeance, as well as her release.

“So much for anything…” Lamy sighed and began to close the door on her lover again. This pulled at Botan’s heartstrings exactly as intended as the stopped the door with her foot.

“W-wait…” Botan held her head down, attempting to calm her nerves. “I’ll do it.”

“Really…?” Lamy looked at the lion-girl with puppy-dog eyes.

“Yeah…” Botan turned around and lifted her pencil skirt, showing off her black lingerie to the other girl. Lamy almost let out a giggle at the sight. “Here we go…” The pain in her stomach from earlier fortunately made the process a lot easier, but the proud lioness’s face illuminated red as she gave a small push against her bowels. That was all it took as a slimier, mushier mass eased its way into her lace panties. As the poop slid around and progressively occupied her underwear, Botan recognized the irony in her current situation. The panties she had prepared for bedroom playtime after Lamy cleaned up were now the same panties she was purposely filling like a baby. She spread her legs further, giving her crotch and ass more room to breath with all the shit now suffocating them. “I, uh, finished…”

“Good girl.” Lamy wasted no time in sticking her hand down the front of Botan’s panties, using the other hand to pleasure herself as she showered the lioness in kisses along the neck. “I’m glad that tea seemed to do its job.”

“Wha-,” Botan didn’t have time to finish her sentence as Lamy cut her off with her own lips. For around five minutes, the pair made out as the elf-girl pleasured the both of them, not a word uttered from either girl. Simultaneously, the lovers hit their peak together, climaxing on Lamy’s hands. After a brief respite, Lamy turned Botan around and stared her in her cloudy, grey eyes before cracking a smile.

“April fools.”

*002*2022-04-07 23:10

{{2 hours ago, Joy999 said:

You should do one for ironmouse or kson

}}

I've thought about doing messing stuff for Vshojo and indie vtubers, but if I do, they'll be very scattered since Hololive is my main focus. Also for Mousey specifically there's a weird guilt when I consider that she is terminally ill, and regardless of if that has any actual effect on her ability to use the bathroom, it feels kinda wrong to fetishize her (or you know, wrong in the "fucked up" sense, and not in the "taboo" sense like more other fanfics). I can kind of get over it though if I think about it as Ironmouse the character, and not Ironmouse the person. But yeah, I'm definitely considering it.

