Sara's birthday weekend

Author: sunnyd

*000*2016-01-09 15:02

This is my first attempt at writing a story an i hope you guys will enjoy it, i might continue it only if people enjoy it, you have also been fore warned it is a poop story. love to her feedback guys

One day away from entering teenage years… 13! Sara was excited because her birthday was tomorrow. With today being Saturday, Sara did not have school so her mom Claire decided to take Sara to the mall so that Sara can pick out a birthday outfit. Sara woke up at 11 am Saturday and Claire was already rushing her to get ready so that they can start their day. Sara put off pooping even though she felt a slight urge to go but she was pretty good about holding her bowels and had only once slightly messed herself 3 years ago when she was sick and thought she had to fart but ended up soiling herself a bit. Sara peed, brushed her teeth, put on a pair of black leggings and a hooded sweatshirt. As she made her way down stairs her mom couldn’t help feeling emotional as her young baby girl was growing up into this beautiful teenage girl.

They set out on their shopping journey and Claire suggested that they stop at the local coffee shop. “And since it’s your birthday weekend you can order your favorite frozen caramel latte and you can get the large size!” Sara excitedly agreed and also ordered a cream cheese bagel. The next 15 minutes consisted of Claire sipping on her coffee and Sara eating her cream cheese bagel and sipping away at her humungous latte and texting her friends about her birthday slumber party tomorrow night.

“Are you ready to go Sara?” Sara sipped away at her near empty cup of, put away her phone, and proceeded to throw her empty cup in the trash and head out the door and back to the car. As Claire pulled out of the parking lot of the coffee shop, Sara wished she had used the bathroom at the coffee shop since it’s a lot quieter than the bathrooms at the mall. Her stomach rumbled as the 32 oz latte was working through her system alongside the bagel and cream cheese. The pain eventually subsided and she felt ok at the moment.

Once arriving at the mall Claire announces that she needs to pee and is heading for the bathrooms. Sara feels the familiar pain in her stomach and stares towards the bathrooms to see the door constantly swinging with people coming in and out. “Go ahead mom I'll be in the Disney store.”

“Are you sure you don’t need to go after drinking that big cup.”

“Mom, I’m fine!” said a blushing Sara. In she went to the Disney store and spent the next 10 minutes looking at all the magical items that they had in the store. Claire made it back to where Sara was and signaled her to come out so they can start browsing for an outfit for Sara. The go into one of the big stores in the mall and start going through dresses, pants, shirts, etc. As Sara is wandering around from clothing rack to clothing rack her stomach begins to tense up and an immediate rush emerges down her intestines and her slight urge to release her bowels has now become very urgent! Sara turns to one of the racks and pretends to be looking through the clothes as she tenses her legs very stiffly and clenches her butt cheeks to prevent her poop from rushing out.

The pain slowly lets up and now she knows that she needs to get to the bathroom very soon because she knows that latte is coming out whether she’s on the toilet or not. Her mom emerges “Sara try out this dress for your birthday party with family tomorrow and then I got you these pajamas for your slumber party at night, I know the pajamas will fit you but I want to see how the dress looks on you go try it out.” Sara, not wanting to sound like a little girl reluctantly agrees with her mom and heads in the changing rooms. As she takes off her leggings her stomach pressures up again causing her to immediately sit on the bench that’s inside the changing room. Somehow managing to hold on again she removes her clothing and puts on the dress which she was surprised her mom was allowing her to get because it was above the knees. Sara heads out of the changing room and shows her mom the dress and Claire loves the dress and they decide to purchase it.

Once Sara heads out of the changing rooms back into her leggings and sweatshirt they head to the checkout lanes. With five people ahead of them and the cashier was apparently waiting on a manager to get a price override, so the line was not moving at all. “Mom I’m going to head out to the bathrooms they’re just outside this store.”

“Ok be careful, here take my business phone so you can call me or I can call you.”

“MOM, I’m only going outside the store geez.” Sara heading towards the opening to the mall so that she could use the restrooms even though she was dreading pooping in those filthy mall toilets, but she knew she had no choice as another sharp pain hits her stomach. She finally gets out to the mall and her heart skips a beat as she sees yellow caution tape blocking the female bathrooms. She still heads towards the door thinking they will let her in. “Sorry young lady but the bathrooms are closed for cleaning.” Said a man dressed in a janitorial uniform. “But I really have to go I’ll be careful I won’t slip and i'll be neat I promise!”

“you don’t want to go in there believe me let’s just say someone didn’t quite make it to the toilet in time and ended up with poop on the floor from the door way into the stall all over the toilet. E-coli bacteria and all that stuff we have to make sure everything is disinfected before we let anyone back in. “ “well... where's the nearest bathroom?”

“Straight down make a left and then once you see that one shoe store make another left and then you will see them on your right hand side.”

Sara began walking in looks for another bathroom and not feeling confident she could find the bathroom as easy with the directions that she was given. She naturally begins pacing quicker as her bowels continue to induce pain to her stomach. She finally sees the shoe store in her sight and remembers the man saying something about the shoe store and she knew she was getting close to a restroom but was also on the brink of losing control of her bowels as she makes outside the shoe store and heads right towards an opening at the end of the mall in which she knows relief awaits her there.

As she nears the opening she sees no restroom in sight and only some lockers. She realizes that the bathrooms were on the left of the shoe store and not the right. Feeling nearly defeated she starts heading towards the bathrooms and seeing the sign with the woman on it within 100 ft she makes a stride to make it now barely walking. Fifty feet away and her bowels give a huge push and her heart begins to race as she continues her walk to the restroom her butt gives an involuntary fart and with the fart she feels her backside become warm and also inside her thighs.

Panicking, she rushes into the restroom and inside a stall and locks the door. She pulls down her pants and panties and proceeds to sit on the toilet to release the rest of her poop in the toilet. She looks down at her panties and sees that they are soiled from the backside all the way up to the crotch. She begins to remove her panties and places them on top of the toilet and notices her black leggings only got a little poop on them from the poop smearing through the leg holes and the top.

She wipes the poop and it sort or smears but doesn’t show on the outside. Wiping her butt is a huge task and every toilet tissue that she wipes with slides through her butt fiilled with poo. She finishes the whole roll and still feels very icky but is the best she can do. She sprays her pants with body spray and proceeds to put them on without her panties. After leaving the stall she washes her hands with soap and heads out back in the mall to find her mom and hopefully go home.

“Mom, since we got the dress can we go back home now im starting not to feel to good and I just want to go home.”

“yes hunny we just have to make a quick stop at the grocery store to pick up a few things.”

Arriving at the grocery store and walking in sara is feeling squishing between her butt cheeks with every step she takes and she can also smell a faint poop smell and is worried that others around her or maybe her mom can smell her. Heading towards the frozen food isle Sara feels the fimilar pressure in her stomach and is alarmed by an urgent need to release her bowels. “Mom Im going to go to the restroom ill be back.”

“Hun lets just check out the house is right around the corner can you make it?” With Saras bowels screaming she didn’t want to let her mom down and feel like a little girl so she agreed and said that she would be fine, knowing that she was lying to her mom and was on the bring of losing control of her bowels for the second time in less than an hour. They go to the self check out and sara begins bagging the items and as she is placing all of the bags in the cart her butt gives in once more and she feels a warm mound of mushy poop slip into her leggings with no panties. As her mom finishes paying sara is standing by the cart with a huge load in her pants and is now feeling helpless because she knows that she cant hide the bulge and smell this time…

