Alana's First Month At Uni

Author: Noot

*000*2021-10-15 19:56

This is another commission for @ed2

- PM me if you want anything for yourself! Again, it includes themes of alcohol and drug use, plus messing and some nudity. Enjoy!

###

For the fifth time that morning, Alana and her parents returned to the car they had parked a few minutes from Cavendish Student Accommodation. The air was still crisp outside, with it being barely after sunrise on a September Saturday. Traffic was beginning to beep and creak in the distance. Here, though, the last strands of peace and quiet in the city still survived for now. Light had even threatened to start peeking through the clouds, adding some warmth to the cool dryness of the concrete. Every now and then another car would roll past, looking for somewhere to stop.

The family had spent the last hour making the trip back and forth from their car to her new bedroom for the year. Every time they would take two or three bags each, then head down the road, into the building, up two flights of stairs, through the apartment door they'd propped open with a wedge and along the corridor until they reached the room right at the end- the room that Alana would occupy for the next nine months. At last they'd gotten the abundance of luggage down to the final few bags, and the task was almost complete.

Now they stood by the car, and Alana knew she wouldn't be getting in it again until Christmas.

"You guys don't have to come in with me," she told them, "I can take the last few bags myself, and my friends will be here soon". The five girls from her college that had been accepted by this university all managed to book themselves rooms in the same five-person apartment, none of them particularly fancying the prospect of shacking up with people they didn't know. With some co-ordination, they'd gotten an early word in and secured a single flat to share.

Alana's parents asked if she was sure, as she'd known they would do... and they were reluctant to let her go, as she'd known they would be. But she talked them around with some improvised lines about starting to be more independent, and soon enough she was hugging them in turn and promising to call them and be good. She loved her parents, really, but she'd also been looking forward to living away from home for the first time in her life. The five of them had so many plans for the trouble they'd get into without any adults around.

She stayed on the corner of the street and watched their little car pull away, somewhat ashamed of herself for not feeling as sad as she knew she should. When they were out of sight, she put one backpack around her left shoulder and one around her right, then picked up the last bag and turned away to get back to her new room. Even having her own room was an adventure to Alana. It felt great to be out of the cold again, and her electronic key buzzed satisfyingly when she held it against the lock to her dorm.

Though she would never in a million years have admitted it to her parents, there was another reason why Alana wanted to be alone now. Her body had been brewing up a poop all morning, it felt like, which hadn't been helped by the coffee she'd picked up at a drive-through Starbucks on the way there. Alana was a twice-a-day pooper: once in the morning, once in the evening. She liked to keep her body regular. Today, however, the hectic business of moving in had afforded her no time to empty her bowels. That was why she wanted some privacy.

Alana went into her new room and let the heavy door swing shut behind her as she set down her bags with the others. All in all, it was hard not to be thrilled with the place; it was at least twice the size of the bedroom she'd shared for most of her life. It even had a desk. And, as her mother had reminded her twenty minutes before, it would only look even bigger once the left wall wasn't lined with bags that needed unpacking. A king-sized bed sat at one end of the room, opposite the en suite.

Thus far, Alana hadn't found the time for more than a cursory glance into her new bathroom. Now she had all the time in the world. She flung the door wide open, at once both delighted and thrown off by the idea that she could simply leave it this way. There was no reason to close herself in- nobody else could get in here without a key, anyway. Sure, the bathroom itself wasn't the biggest, but Alana wasn't about to complain. It had a shower, a toilet, a sink and a mirror, and that was all a girl needed anyway.

As much as she still needed to take a dump, Alana was in no rush now. She decided she wanted a shower, to make up for missing out on one in the rush to leave the house earlier that morning. All of her bathroom stuff was in one bag, and that was the first thing she opened. From it she grabbed a bottle of shampoo, some conditioner, a body wash and a towel. She thought for a second, then went back and fished out a toilet roll. Alana always came prepared.

She stripped off down to the bare skin, revelling in the novelty of being free to walk around naked. Alana left every last piece of clothing on her new bed and wondered vaguely if anyone would be able to see her nude body through the window. Either way, she was confident in her own invisibility once she was in the bathroom, even if the door was left all the way open. That was a relief: she may not mind strangers seeing her tits or arse, but being observed while she was trying to take a shit was a very different matter. So she put her toiletries down where they belonged and sat on the loo, phone in her hands.

For a while nothing happened- Alana preferred to take her time on the toilet. She scrolled through social media, satisfied with letting nature take its course. When she felt movement, it didn't take much effort to earn the rewards. A thick, loose morning log snaked out of her bum, tailing off into the water to make way for the next piece. All the while Alana didn't take her eyes off of her phone. For her, pooping was a slow process, and she saw no reason to try and change that.

Once the first, biggest piece was out, things moved a lot more easily for Alana's bowels. That was almost always the way: she kicked things off with a nice, big log, before the remainder tumbled out as if the plug keeping it in had been removed. While the last of the poop pushed through her tight hole, Alana started to pee. She barely noticed, in truth; engrossed in her phone, she was more than happy to let her muscles work on autopilot. She hadn't had a difficult time with the bathroom since she was a child... well, sober, at least.

The last thing left to do was wipe. Alana's parents had insisted that she bring a dozen rolls of toilet paper to university with her, because they knew that she went through a lot. Two poops a day, always big, always wet... it would sometimes take her twenty sheets or more of hard wiping before she was satisfied that her butt was clean enough. One of the things she couldn't stand was pulling up her panties before the paper was coming away completely white. Usually that happened around the fifteenth doubled-up sheet. On a particularly gassy morning, more like twenty-fifth.

But when that paper was coming away pure, Alana flushed and chucked her phone across the room to land on her unmade bed. She'd always been a stickler for cleanliness when it came to her bathroom habits, which was why she was so nervous about what might happen later that night when everyone started drinking. She'd had enough booze before to have a pretty good idea of what happened to her bodily functions when she got drunk. It was enough to say that drunk Alana's carefree values when it came to hygiene didn't line up with sober Alana's strict rules.

Eager to try out her new shower, Alana pushed those thoughts to the back of her mind and jumped under the warm, powerful water. It felt so good to be able to stand under her own shower, knowing that she could take as long as she liked without any siblings or parents coming to knock on the door to tell her to hurry up. Hell, she didn't even close the door.

Alana washed herself until she couldn't get any cleaner. Her friends- her new flatmates- would be arriving in the next few hours, and she wanted to be at her best for them.

*002*2021-10-18 14:12

Until she'd actually arrived, Alana would never have guessed how long it would take to unpack all of her crap. At home, she swore it hadn't felt like she'd loaded up this many bags. Maybe it felt like less when the luggage was being carried between her and both parents; now that all the responsibility fell her way, she suddenly found herself drowning in an ocean of clothes she'd probably never need and towels she'd definitely never use. She didn't mind at all- it gave her something to put her mind to while she waited for her friends to arrive.

The first turned up not long before noon, hauling huge sacks that even made Alana's packing look modest. Becky was a short girl, and some of the bags she'd stuffed with clothes were almost as tall as her. Alana had to give her and her mum a hand just to get half of it up the stairs. Standing around five feet, with hair that could easily reach her waist when pulled straight, Becky had never been one for practicalities.

The two had met during A Level Business two years before, and each found the other easy to get along with. They both liked the same kinds of music and shared in the same senses of humour. And they both packed too much. Becky dragged the last of her bags into her room, a few doors down the hall from Alana. She left them there, sweating, announced that she'd unpack later (which they both knew meant 'next week') and promptly went out again with her mum, who wanted to take her out to lunch to celebrate the start of term. That left Alana on her own in the flat again, with nothing to do but sort out a few more bags.

Until, that was, Zoe arrived an hour later. Almost as short as Becky but with none of the natural slim figure, Zoe was the kind of person who was always smiling, even when it was clear to everyone else that she shouldn't be. Somehow, despite barely revising for any of her exams, she'd pulled through with a B in her Business A Level and been accepted by the university. The rest of the group had spent more of the buildup to results day worrying about Zoe's grade than their own, because they knew they were almost certain to be split up if she didn't get in. Alana had always thought that Zoe dressed like a kid, but in a way that was more endearing than irritating. Today she wore blue denim dungarees over a yellow t-shirt, with bright red sneakers. Whether it was her bubbly personality or the chubby, youthful round look her face wore, Zoe could just about pull off that kind of outfit, even if she regularly earned shocked looks from bartenders when she handed over her ID.

She'd barely packed anything; it seemed to Alana like her friend had rolled out of bed that morning, thrown a few things into a couple of bags and dragged them to Cavendish. A few shopping trips were in order if she was going to survive the winter. That wouldn't be a problem- Zoe's parents were loaded.

Alana could hear Zoe unpacking while she went for a pee in the middle of the day. The girl had been assigned the room next to Alana's, which happened to be furthest from the kitchen. The walls weren't exactly thick. Sitting there, letting a stream pour out of her and into the water, she could make out the sound of Zoe closing her closet.

Alana had already decided that she liked her new toilet. Even if the room was tiny, just the luxury of having it all to herself made things totally worth it. And she never had to feel claustrophobic because the door could always be kept open. Ventilation wasn't a problem, the sink was right next to the can... and it was only half a dozen steps or so from her bed, which was bound to come in plenty useful on nights when she woke up needing to go. It was a big improvement on home, where the bathroom was a short pilgrimage away from her bedroom. Usually she would try and hold it in until morning rather than face the walk through the dark, cold corridors.

Housemate number four moved in while Alana was trying to connect to the building's WiFi. When she heard who was with them, she decided to stay in her room. Megan was the posh girl of the group, which Alana had long since gotten used to, but her parents took it to another level. They were uptight snobs who looked down their noses at anyone with less money than them, as far as she was concerned. Megan had always carried an air of faint embarrassment whenever her friends had met her parents; Alana had no intention of running into them today.

So she kept sorting out her room quietly, pretending that she wasn't around. Only when she was sure the rich parents had gone home did Alana wander down the hall to say hi to Megan, who was unpacking with her door propped open. She looked as relieved as anyone not to be in the presence of those two anymore; while she still had plenty of her old posh tendencies, Alana had found that once you got to know Megan, she totally lacked the prejudices and judgemental tendencies of the people that had raised her.

A pretty blonde with eyes that could seem either blue or green on any given day, Megan was also the resident grade-getter of the group, and the only person whose acceptance at the university had never been in doubt. Alana was sure that the girl could have passed the exam with her eyes closed. She was also a lesbian, and had gotten so good at pretending she wasn't that she seemed to have to turn down a different boy every week.

All five families lived in the same area, so Alana was amused to see the wildly different times that each set of parents had decided to turn up. It was almost four in the afternoon by the time the fifth and final member of the group had been dropped off. To call Alex a tomboy would be putting it mildly- in their seven years of knowing each other, Alana had never seen the other woman with hair that went past her ears. She was tall, thin and proud of her flat chest. Like Zoe, she'd muddled through her exams, preferring to spend her free time with a guitar in her hands than a textbook. Her packing was industrious: three suitcases and a big, unceremonious sack full of clothes which she tossed carelessly onto her bed.

Alana went to help Alex unpack, seeing as she'd already more or less finished in her own room by that time. They talked about plans to check out the city the next day, find out what the best places to buy groceries were and what bus stops got the most regular service. All five rooms were basically identical, with only minor differences to the layout.

At last the five of them were alone, and it felt like the year could really get going. They gathered in the kitchen, each trying to assign themselves an equal share of the cupboard space, drawers and fridge-freezer shelves. Alex barely had enough cutlery and tools to fill a single tray, while Becky had to cram in half her possessions like sardines. Alana just sat back and watched, having tucked all of her kitchen stuff away before half of them had even set foot in the building. She was relaxing on a sofa at the back of the room, perfectly in line with the flatscreen TV hung on one wall.

They talked as they unpacked, making plans for their first night as students. There were plenty of deals around the city for freshers, and everyone had just got their student loans in to burn- the question was where to go. Again, Alana felt happy to let the more outspoken members of the group make the decisions. She preferred to tag along... and besides, she had something else on her mind.

When her housemates agreed to meet back in the kitchen no later than seven, Alana went back to her room to collect her wallet and key. Then she set out down the street towards an off-license she'd seen around the corner to pick up some booze. In truth, worry was already in the back of her mind. Her friends had already received a taste of what alcohol could do to her bladder, but they had no idea yet that her accident on their last night out hadn't been a one-off. She wanted to fit in and have fun, but she knew she needed to be careful. The last thing she needed was to get a reputation as the girl who soiled herself when she got drunk.

###

As seven o'clock crawled slowly closer, Alana stood beneath her shower for the second time that day. She hadn't bothered to draw the curtain across, and through the mist of a fogged-up mirror she could see the dark ebony outline of her naked body. The water ran hot and steaming, the way she liked it, over her skin and around her feet. She took care not to get her hair wet, knowing it would take hours to dry, and she already had her afro exactly how she wanted it for the night ahead. Her nipples stood hard enough to cut glass, but Alana wasn't thinking about sex- she was just excited for the night ahead.

Her bladder twinged curiously while she was rinsing soap out of the coarse hair in her armpits, and she made no attempt to stop it from beginning to empty. At home, her mother had strictly forbidden peeing in the shower, but that had never really stopped Alana. Now she didn't have to worry about secrecy at all. She hoped that squeezing out the last few drops of urine here would mean she didn't have to break the seal for at least a couple of hours into the night, but experience had taught her that her bladder rarely worked like that. Still, it felt nice to let the warm golden liquid run down her closed legs before the water washed away any evidence of what she'd done.

When every last trace of soap was rinsed out, Alana turned off the water and walked, dripping wet, back to her bed, where a towel was laid out and waiting. She still got a tiny thrill out of walking around the place in the nude. Her blinds were open, but she didn't mind the thought that there was a tiny chance someone in a student apartment across the street might chance to glance into her window at just the right time to catch her with no clothes on. Then the towel was wrapped around her, and the moment was gone.

On came some music on her phone; she had a whole playlist on Spotify designed exclusively to get her in the mood for nights like these, which she'd organised on the drive up to the city that morning. Set out on the bed were the clothes she planned to wear that night: a tight black t-shirt, a black bra and thong set so thin they were practically invisible and a pair of jeans that fit just right to cling to her legs. She scrubbed her whole body dry, taking special care to remove any moisture from between her toes, in her armpits, from her butt crack and the little crevices where her inner thighs met the mounds of her pussy. When everything was bone dry, the towel was tossed back on the top of the open bathroom door and she pulled on the thong. It had never been worn before, but she smiled at the feeling of a perfect fit. Next came the jeans, then the bra, taking with it the last chance for anyone looking in to get a good view that night.

All dressed, Alana grabbed the bottle she'd bought from the off-licence. It was a litre of pink gin that had cost enough to make her eyes water, but she had been feeling reckless ever since seeing her bank account fill up from her student loan earlier in the week. She'd also stocked up on lemonade and ice, which were already packed away in the kitchen, just waiting for her to start pouring.

Alana got to the kitchen a few minutes before seven and found all of her housemates already gathered around the table. Becky was in charge of the music, as per usual; a little portable speaker was sitting on the worktop, blasting out chart-toppers with her phone plugged in nearby. In front of each of them was already a drink. Most of them looked full, but it was clear from a glance that Zoe, at least, had started drinking a while ago- only a few dregs of Pepsi remained at the bottom of her cup. They were in the middle of a heated discussion about what they should order to eat that night. In the end everyone transferred a few pounds over to Becky and let her order them some pizza. Alana didn't have her phone with her, so she promised to buy her friend a drink when they went out instead.

"Okay, we're all here," Megan announced, pulling up a chair and patting to indicate that Alana should sit, "let's get these drinking games going".

By night, the kitchen was an airy space lit up with almost fluorescent vibrance. There was more than enough room around the table for the five of them.

Alana carried her pink gin to the fridge and set it down while she pulled out the lemonade, some ice and a cup. "Let me get a drink first," she said, unscrewing the lid. Her mission that night was to get just tipsy enough to have fun without overdoing it, getting drunk and risking an accident. So she poured just a little gin into the glass, not realising that everyone else was watching her. There was good-natured outcry when she stopped with barely half an inch of gin in the cup.

"That wouldn't get a baby drunk, mate," Alex snorted, "come on, at least twice that much".

Alana didn't blame them; they weren't to know why she was reluctant. So she poured in a little more and couldn't help but grin as they cheered and whopped approvingly. When she turned back, Megan had set up the table to play a familiar game. A circle of cards were spread face-down around an empty pint glass. She knew how Ring of Fire worked. If she got lucky, she'd barely have to drink at all... but some bad fortune with the cards could get her absolutely hammered. Of course, there was another option, which was to tell the girls the truth about why she didn't want to get too drunk... but the thought of admitting it made her nervous, especially as they seemed to have forgotten about her wetting herself on the last night out. Instead she kept quiet and took her place between Megan and Zoe, and the group began to play.

Something all too familiar happened as Alana started drinking- she could feel herself growing in confidence, and those worries about getting drunk slowly evaporated. By the time they were down to the last King card, she'd almost forgotten all about her misgivings. The alcohol had persuaded her that it wasn't going to be such a big deal after all. That was exactly what had been her downfall the last time.

Already, Alana was starting to have to pee. She could feel her bladder filling up as she went through one, then two, then three glasses of booze. The third time, nobody even had to encourage her to pour a strong drink, she just did it because she wanted to. And she still had no intention of leaving the game to go pee. She was having too much fun for that.

Their pizza arrived with the game drawing to a close, and it was Zoe who volunteered to head down the stairs and collect the boxes from the gate. Nobody stopped to ask how she was expected to carry it all back up by herself with no free hands to open the doors. In the end Alex went to rescue her, and they soon had three huge pizzas spread out on the table. Privately, Alana had to worry that the grease and meat would end in her needing to poop pretty bad by tomorrow morning, if not sooner- she hadn't had her evening dump yet, though she could feel that it was coming.

None of the women saw any reason to let the arrival of the food put a stop to the drinking games, especially with only six of the fifty-two cards left to draw. Alana was getting some good luck, but she knew it wasn't going to last. With every passing turn, she hoped that the final King would be drawn by anyone but her- whoever found it would have to neck the pint of Pepsi, beer, wine, vodka and gin in the centre, plus some of their own drink.

It came as no surprise at all to Alana when she turned over her last card and saw that red 'K' staring back at her mockingly. The other girls cheered, and she considered refusing, but the idea of setting a precedent like that didn't seem worth it to Alana. So, without giving herself enough time to chicken out, she poured the rest of her drink into the pint glass, picked it up and began to slurp it down as the others chanted from eight down to one.

When she slammed the glass back down on the table, it was more than clear to Alana that she was going to regret taking the drink in the morning- if not much, much sooner.

*003*2021-10-18 16:25

Alana stumbled down the hallway, wondering if she was going to live to regret booking the room furthest away from the kitchen. She swung left as she walked and bumped into one of the walls, then straightened herself and took the last few steps to her door. The intensity of her intoxication had almost tripled the second she stood up. A colossal burp erupted from her mouth and she didn't bother to cover it. With nobody else in the corridor, and the alcohol rendering her inhibitions nearly non-existent, there was no need for false niceties. Not for the first time, she asked herself if maybe this was who she really was- this gross, embarrassing animal, who only kept up the pretences of being polite and civilised when a mixture of sobriety and social anxiety forced her to.

She was here because the need to use the bathroom had finally become too much to bear another second. Not only was her bladder fit to burst, but the oversized portion of pizza she'd gobbled down had taken a predictable toll on her belly, and she urgently had to take a shit, too. And to think it was barely gone nine-thirty. With many hours left in the night, she was already pushing past the realms of tipsy and into the world of drunk.

Alana extracted her electronic key from the left pocket of her jeans and fumbled with it. She felt like her body couldn't hold everything back much longer, but all of a sudden she seemed to have completely forgotten how to get the door to open. Press the key against the lock. Pull the handle. Nothing happened. Alana started to panic, her bladder threatening to leak. Finally, she tried the other side of the key and it let her fall through the door and into her bedroom.

It had grown far hotter in here since she'd last left. Alana turned the corner, stepped into the bathroom and tore down her jeans and underwear in one go. She collapsed onto the toilet before her bedroom door had even clicked shut. No sooner was she seated than everything started to come out, both of the front and the back. She swore under her breath, stunned at how close to an accident she had come. It was weird- Alana practically never had close calls when she wasn't drinking, but after a few glasses of gin and lemonade she'd found herself seconds away from ruining a brand new thong. Brushing frizzy black hair out of her face, she leaned back and let it all exorcise itself from her body. Her butt stretched out nicely to allow the second poop of the day through.

While she finished up, she turned and looked in the mirror. Staring back at her was a slightly blurry image of a girl with big brown eyes, smooth, dark skin and thin eyebrows that curved upward ever so slightly. It took her a second to remember that the staring girl was herself.

As usual, her poop left skidmarks all over the bowl and residue littering the area around her anus. This time, spurred into carelessness by the booze, Alana didn't bother wiping everything away. A few sheets would do, she decided. With most of it cleaned off and in the bowl, she flushed, started to stand up, remembered something. Alana had been a few seconds away from pulling up her thong without drying the pee off of the lips of her pussy. The second time, she used a few squares to get rid of the excess fluid, then stood again for real.

Alana finished buttoning her jeans back up just before walking back into the kitchen, where the girls were still playing the game of Never Have I Ever that they'd been in the midst of when she left. Though they knew each other from college, there had been few opportunities to get drunk together in the past, so there were still plenty of questions to answer.

It didn't take long before Alana had forgotten all about her close call in the bathroom, and soon she was laughing and drinking along with her new flatmates again. It felt good not to worry.

Half an hour later it was time to get ready to go out. The five girls split up again, each retreating to their respective rooms. For the first time in hours, Becky unplugged her speaker and left the kitchen weirdly silent. Alana was the last to leave, finishing her last glass of gin and lemonade before staggering as calmly as she could manage back to her room. Even drunk, she noticed the smell of poop right away when the door buzzed open.

She considered trying to take a leak before they left, but it felt like there was nothing in her to squeeze out yet, so Alana closed her toilet lid and went for her other stuff. She gathered a coat, her wallet and her phone, which had been charging on the desk. Then, just to be sure, she checked the wallet for her ID, both of her cards and some change to give to the cloakroom. A sober Alana had planned everything out meticulously- it was just down to drunk Alana now to remember everything she had to do.

After a minute of checking her make-up in the bathroom mirror, illuminated by the dazzlingly bright overhead light, she returned to join the others in the hallway. It was a relief to see that she wasn't the last one out; Becky was still in her room, and Alex jested that she thought the short girl was taking a dump.

When Becky emerged from her room, laughing that she felt ten pounds lighter, they walked together down the stairs and into the courtyard apartment. Then they waited patiently while Zoe ran back upstairs to collect the driver's license she'd forgotten on her desk. The air outside was already cold, but the girls were buzzed enough to barely notice it on their exposed arms and legs.

The city at night was exactly what Alana had expected. Of course, it was busier than usual tonight, being the Saturday before Fresher's Week. Most of the new generation of students would have moved in today, according to her dad. They certainly passed plenty on the way down to the nightlife district, groups outside pubs or packed into a giant McDonalds with bouncers outside, something that Alana had never dreamed of seeing back in the small town where she'd grown up. It felt alive here, the lights vibrant, the people diverse and thrillingly unpredictable.

The group was in fine form, laughing and joking as well as ever, emboldened by the buzz of the night so far. It felt both strange and exhilarating to be away from home together, and knowing that they were only just starting was freeing to all five of them. On the walk, they passed so many bars and clubs and takeaway places that someone would say they wanted to check out. If they were smart with money, Megan pointed out, the five would have more than enough time to try them all. In between came the same good-natured teasing and joking that had gelled the group into getting along so well in the first place. Even Alex, usually the quietest of them, was joining in on the fun.

Alana, for her part, had completely stopped worrying about the effects the booze would have on her bladder and bowels. Her incident in the bathroom earlier that night hadn't humbled her- in fact, it seemed to have the opposite effect. Now she felt invincible, confident that she could make it to the toilet later just as she had done then. The healthy dose of bathroom anxiety that usually kept her 100% continent was nowhere to be seen anymore.

It felt like they had only been walking for ten minutes when the club district soon came into view, even if a glance the clock on her phone told Alana they had actually travelled for thrice that time. Everywhere around here were queues of students, sometimes stretching back for what looked like a quarter mile or more. It was packed. All five girls stopped and stood in a huddle to the side of the road, scanning the email apps on their phones to find the electronic tickets that had been sent earlier.

Before they went to join the queue for the club they'd booked, which seemed like the busiest of the lot, Zoe spoke up. "I really need a wee before we get in that queue," she slurred loudly, "anyone want to come and keep watch?"

Alana decided that she wouldn't mind a few minutes down a quiet alleyway somewhere to get her head straight before they went into the belly of the strobe-lighted beast. "I'll come," she said, "I don't need to go, but I'll make sure nobody creepy sees you".

###

Half an hour went by before the group finally approached the front of the nightclub queue. Alana had known it would be busy out here, but she had never seen anything like this before- the whole street was swarming with drunken students. Most were just talking, although every now and then a fight would break out, or someone would start calling across the road to someone they recognised. The line crept forward. Fortunately, Alana was still drunk enough that she didn't mind. The booze was keeping her warm, and the conversation between the five girls was keeping her brain awake.

The only thing she wished she'd done differently was that she was starting to seriously regret not taking a piss in the alleyway with Zoe when she had the chance. The shorter girl had squatted expertly over concrete and hissed out a long, hard jet that soaked the floor so much Alana had to take a step back to stop her shoes from getting wet. While she shook to dry her crotch, Zoe had offered to swap roles and keep watch while Alana emptied her bladder. But Alana hadn't needed to go much back then, so she'd declined, not realising how quickly her need would shoot up while they queued for the club.

Finally it was their turn, and Alana extracted her ID from her wallet to hand to the security guard outside. It felt odd; she'd never needed her driver's license to get into a building before. A bizarre, unfounded paranoia set in that the guard would find some reason not to let her in, but of course they were all allowed to pass with no issue. The five regrouped and scanned their tickets at the door. Each was hit with a stamp in red ink on the back of their hand, and then they were in.

If the outside of the club was busy, inside was absolutely stacked. There seemed to be people climbing the rafters, and you could barely move for clubbers. Photographers weaved expertly in and out of the crowds, taking pictures of groups in cringeworthy poses. Someone was walking around dressed as Shrek. Alana didn't know what to make of it, but the booze had loosened her up enough that she didn't mind a little crazy. In fact, that was an understatement. By this point everything she'd had to drink at the flat had kicked in, and she was up for plenty of crazy. Just as soon as she found somewhere to pee.

Just as she was about to go and find the toilets, Megan grabbed her by the arm and dragged her over to the bar. It took half a minute to make the ten-metre journey thanks to all the bodies they needed to squeeze past. Eventually the quintet emerged by a long wooden bar, where a young man dressed in black took their order. Alana had completely forgotten- they'd all agreed to have their first drink in a club together, as soon as they got there. Each ordered a spirit with mixer and a shot. Alana didn't see the harm in it; now that she was safely inside the club she could just head to the loos whenever she had to go. Just as soon as she figured out where they were...

So she was eager to get the drinks down her quickly. The five of them clinked their shot glasses together and knocked them back. It was some sour green concoction that Alana didn't care for, but it was at least cheap- and it was going to get her drunk, which was all she really wanted. Then the other drink went down the hatch. Her comrades were impressed by how quickly Alana downed it. They didn't know that the only reason was so she could get away from there and try to find the bathroom sharpish. If she wasn't fast enough, she was going to wet herself, she was sure of it.

But a whole lap of the club didn't lead her to the answer she wanted. There were no doors with that familiar silhouette of a woman on the front, or even the word 'ladies'. As the desperation ramped up another notch, Alana could find no sign of a place where she could relieve herself.

Her bladder was painfully full now. She had forgotten, in her drunken stupor, just how quickly she could go from comfortable to bursting when she'd been drinking. The bathroom had to be around here somewhere... and she had to find it within the next couple of minutes, otherwise she'd be walking home in drenched jeans. Every step seemed to just make it harder to hold everything in. She bumped frantically into the elbow of a man nearby, and it dug into her bladder. Her belly was bloated and firm from fulness, but the pressure of his bone digging into her very nearly made her lose control altogether.

Just as Alana was almost resigned to pissing herself, she caught sight of what looked like a girl getting progressively shorter in a gap through the crowd. At first she thought she must be drunker than she had realised. Then she watched as the same thing happened to a guy in another direction, and it hit her- stairs! She hadn't even known this place had a downstairs. Alana charged through the crowd, her salvation within reach

The walk down those stairs was one of the hardest things Alana had done in her life. Each and every step felt as though it could be the final straw. She tried to walk with her thighs glued together, but being so drunk made it hard to stay in control, and twice she almost stumbled. The stairs went down, doubled back on themselves and descended again. People in front of her seemed to be walking impossibly slowly.

A single leak spurted out of her and turned that new thong hot and wet. Alana was forced to do something then that she had badly wanted to avoid: she grabbed her pussy through her jeans and squeezed. People started staring once she did that. Why wouldn't they? What was normal about a teenager walking around a club holding herself like a little kid? She felt a tear well in each eye, and for once she couldn't blame the gin.

At the bottom of the stairs she finally spotted the luminescent sign for the bathroom. It was on the other side of the room. Vision blurred, Alana pushed through the crowd as best as she could, never taking her hand off of her sex as she walked. Some people saw her coming and moved aside to let her pass, concern in their eyes. At some point, she realised, she must have leaked again. She hadn't noticed at the time.

Finally, for the first time since getting into the club, Alana was spat out by the crowd into just the smallest pocket of space. There was the women's bathroom... and there was a queue of a dozen girls stretching out of the door.

That did it. Alana's body gave in. She started to wet herself. She could feel it, but she couldn't stop it.

The queerest mixture of emotions overwhelmed Alana's mind in that moment. First came the immense relief of her sphincter relaxing at last. Then the warmth, the unparalleled warmth that spread across her crotch and down her legs, turning her jeans from grey to black in the darkness. Over the music there was no way she could hear the hiss that she knew was coming out of her pussy. Lastly, there came the shame, which washed over her like a tsunami. She was standing in a busy room on the first night of university, and she was pissing her pants hard.

Alana groaned out loud. When she opened her eyes, people were staring. And not just a handful of people- it felt like dozens of eyes were on her. There was no cliché'd kid holding up a phone camera and pointing it at her legs, nor the huge puddle that was spreading across the floor. They all just looked shocked... and slightly sorry for her. That sympathy was worse than the wetting somehow. It made her feel like trash, like some drunken slut who couldn't hold her liquor and needed to be looked after. She felt like a pathetic, alcoholic mess.

Then Becky was there, standing beside her with a hand on her shoulder. Alana turned to the girl, tears running down her cheeks now. "I pissed myself," she said stupidly, "I couldn't fucking hold it. I pissed myself".

Becky started to lead her away, towards the stairs again. "I think I'm gonna walk you home," she said.

"No, no," Alana protested, even now hearing how hammered she was in her shaky voice, "I'll get home myself, it's fine".

As soon as they stepped into the fresh air, Alana turned and puked violently onto the pavement, narrowly missing the feet of a nearby bouncer. That was the last thing she remembered that night.

*005*2021-10-20 10:40

It was Monday evening before Alana left the house again, but leave it she eventually did. She was wedged between her friends at a table in a student bar well after midnight, a circular booth that left her needing to ask at least two of them to move every time she had to get up. Zoe and Alex were pressing her in on one side, with Becky and Megan to her right. She didn't mind- the place was fancy, and her initial reservations about going out and drinking again had disappeared once she realised that her friends really weren't upset about her little accident at the weekend. The first few sips of alcohol had helped to calm her nerves, too.

The embarrassment that burned after Becky walked her home had lasted all of Sunday. She hadn't even come out of her room until the rest of the girls had gone out to another club, and the hunger grew so bad that she couldn't bear to starve herself any longer. They invited her- begged her, really- but she was simply too humiliated, so she made up an excuse about her hangover being too bad that was only half a lie.

As soon as that hangover faded on Monday morning, though, so did the shame. Forgetting, it seemed, was the greatest superpower a drunk girl could have. She'd jumped at the chance to go out and get tipsy again, impressed that her friends were still going strong after two nights in a row spent clubbing. Alana, for her part, had slept for twenty of the last forty-eight hours. She was fully refreshed. When the other girls were on their third drink, she'd had five. Part of that was foolish determination to prove that she could handle her drink, but there was another side to the problem, too. The truth was that she just really liked getting wasted.

She did have to pee, but being jammed in between her friends meant that the effort and inconvenience of getting up greatly outweighed how bad she needed to go. Alana was sure she could still hold it. By the time two in the morning came, though, she was starting to get tired and the copious amounts of vodka were taking their toll. She had stopped taking part in the conversation, instead listening quietly, occasionally brushing frizzy hair out of her eyes with one hand and sipping her last cocktail through a plastic pink straw. Her friends had to talk loudly to be heard over the music, which was exactly the kind of cheesy naughties pop that she loved getting drunk to.

From Zoe, Alana had heard about the club they'd been at the night before. It sounded awesome. The four girls had stumbled home some time before sunrise with an array of inflatable animals, which were littering the kitchen come the morning. Alana was pissed off that she'd missed out over a little embarrassment and promised herself she wouldn't sit out of any more nights.

All of a sudden Alana found herself being shaken by the shoulder. It took her a few seconds to come to, and a few more to realise that she had fallen asleep. She looked around groggily; all four of her friends were staring at her.

"Alana," Becky said, concern in her voice. Alana blinked and met her gaze. "You're peeing".

That woke her up. She looked down at her crotch and saw that it was true- a little dark stain was growing on her cream playsuit, seeping onto the leather of the seat. She swore under her breath and shut off the flow.

"Sorry," she mumbled, "I'd better get to the toilet". Zoe and Alex wasted no time in scrambling out of their seats. She scooted along the chair and got up, not wanting to look back at the wet patch she'd no doubt left behind. Now that she was awake Alana realised how badly she really had to go. A few more minutes and she might have been looking at her second accident in three days. Luckily, the walk to the toilet was short and there was no queue in a bar that had started to empty out already.

She got to the bathroom in the nick of time, only to find that just one of the three stalls was available- the one closest to the door, directly opposite it in fact. Alana quickly realised why it wasn't taken. There was no lock on the door. But she was about to piss her playsuit, so closing it without a lock would have to do. With a quick reach behind she unzipped the thing, pulling it all down as fast as she could.

The trouble with wearing a braless one-piece to a club was that she had to effectively strip naked just to pee. That was usually bearable because the doors usually locked. If she'd had any other choice, Alana wouldn't have used that toilet. But the pee was coming whether she was ready or not. So she dropped the whole suit around her ankles and plopped her bum down on the toilet just before her bladder completely surrendered all control.

As she tried her best to enjoy the relief of going, having done almost none of it in her pants, the stall door started to creak open. Alana leaned forward to stop it, in a sudden panic... but she couldn't reach. And through the bathroom door she saw a table of guys staring at her. Some were stunned, some were laughing, but they were all staring, alright. They were looking at a girl, naked except for the pale playsuit bunched up by her feet, sitting on the toilet and unable to stop peeing. They saw her deep brown nipples, flat and lifeless. They saw the chub of her belly overhanging her free-flowing pussy. And, she was sure, they all saw the bush of black pubic hair standing out against her dark skin.

She was a prisoner there, unable to stand up to close the door. All she could do was cross her arms over her ample breasts, lean forward to try and cover her pussy and wait it out. By the time another woman finally came by and stood wordlessly in the door to cover Alana up, she was almost finished peeing.

###

God was merciful, because Alana didn't remember the boys seeing her naked come Tuesday morning, and that night she was back out with the girls at a red hot club they were yet to try out. She'd somehow managed to get even drunker than before, and had only just smuggled herself into the club by putting on her best impression of a sober person for the full two minutes it took to get past security and the ticket booth. The group were buying round after round of shots, and Alana was growing more and more talkative with every last one.

Somehow, though, it had been a successful night for her in the bathroom. She'd made a point of going as soon as she felt the urge to pee, not wanting a repeat of the last two incidents. It being a Tuesday night, the club was quieter than at weekends, so there were no lines to the bathroom. So far, every single piss had been quick and painless and her clothes had remained dry as a bone. She'd even been able to avoid the stalls without working locks, which was a welcome change of pace. Past midnight, everything was going perfectly.

"I'm proud of you," slurred Zoe at one point, putting her pale arm around Alana's dark shoulder and leaning in close, "you haven't pissed yourself even a little bit yet".

Coming from someone else that might have sounded condescending, or maybe even a little mean, but even drunk Zoe didn't have a mean bone in her body. And the truth was that Alana couldn't help feeling a little proud of herself too. It was pathetic, she knew, but she was pleased with the way she'd stayed on top of things and avoided any drama in the toilet all night long.

When the urge to go hit Alana again, she told the others she would be right back and headed to the toilet. Usually she wouldn't go on her own, but with the speed she was getting through those drinks, nobody else had to pee again so soon after their last visit to the restroom. Alana didn't mind the alone time. She walked as stably as she could manage to the bathroom, once again feeling even drunker from standing up too fast. As usual, there was nobody waiting outside the bathroom. She took the stall furthest from the door, in no rush to go, and locked it behind her.

Taking her seat and starting to pee was a blissful sensation. She daren't close her eyes, in case the room started to spin when she opened them again. It was hard for Alana to think of a time she'd been this drunk and stayed conscious- part of her thought that she was going to throw up, another thought she might need to shit. For now, she kept peeing, letting it all run out of her like a hot tap. Beside her she heard a loud splash in the water from the next stall over, followed by an unmistakable moan of relief. Alana giggled; emboldened, she let out a moan of her own. It felt great to let go, after all.

It felt like an age until her vicious stream finally died down to a dribble. Alana tried to push on her colon, looking to see if she had to poop, but decided to leave it until she got home. She looked around for toilet paper- there was nothing on the left wall or the right. Just as worry started to rise up in her throat, she spotted some on top of the white tank behind her.

She reached between her legs with the first square... and her fingers met soaking wet, hot fabric. Alana gasped. She looked down at her thighs... her fully clothed thighs. She hadn't even lowered her leggings before sitting down. Somehow, under the influence of enough booze to kill a small child, she'd completely failed to notice that her piss was saturating her underwear and leggings before cascading into the toilet below. It felt as though the wet patch forked out to nearly the back of her knees. Already she was sure that the smell of piss was hanging in the air around her.

Even getting to her feet was a struggle, but Alana pulled herself up and looked back down on the toilet. It was a mess. The seat was covered in pee, some of which was dripping onto the floor even now. The inside of the bowl was yellow all over. All she could do was walk away from it all, get home as soon as she could and get to bed.

She went upstairs and made her excuses. In black leggings, there was no telling the real reason she was bailing out early. Her friends told her to message them when she got back to the flat, and she summoned an Uber on her phone. The alcohol was still moving through her- in half an hour she could be too drunk to stay awake. She needed to be quick if she wanted to get to bed before that happened.

###

Traffic proved to be a nightmare, and it was almost an hour later by the time Alana staggered through the front door of the flat, knowing that she could have walked and been home in half the time and without the extortionate Uber fee. The drive had done very little to sober her up, but with the unwanted side effect of making her desperately need the toilet again- this time to poop as well as pee. Nobody else was home yet, but they planned to walk as far as Alana knew, so if they'd left the club at any time in the last half an hour they wouldn't take long to get back.

Alana's drive home had been silent and uncomfortable, not least because she'd spent the entire ride trying her best not to have an accident and ruin the seat. Her butt kept begging her to let it open up and push a soft load out onto the seat, and she'd barely managed to resist. She'd barely said a word to the driver, instead attempting to distract herself with her phone and search for a sitting position that didn't make her belly grumble in agony.

The moment that she finally heard the flat door click behind her was almost jubilant. She was still so drunk that she barely knew what was going on, but at least she was home. At least she'd made it.

It was pitch black inside the flat. In her state, there was little to no chance of finding the light switch simply by fumbling along in the dark, and her phone was dead from constant use in the car. After a brief check to see if she could stumble across the switch, Alana fished her key out of her bag and held it up against the electronic lock she'd ended up leaning beside.

The door swung open, but in here it was equally dark. Luckily she'd spent enough time in the room that first week that she already knew the layout by heart. This wasn't her first time getting in drunk and without light and needing to use the toilet badly. Three steps forward, two to the left and then a couple back. She felt the back of her knees find a hard edge and slowly, on shaky legs, lowered herself down onto the toilet, sliding her leggings and panties down as she went.

Whether she'd been even more desperate than she realised or the alcohol was just enhancing things, it felt almost orgasmic to release her bladder where she sat. Alana closed her eyes and moaned, knowing nobody was around to hear even through these thin walls. It was as though a river was hissing out from between her legs- at least, she certainly felt as though she'd been holding back a whole river. In the darkness, she was sure that the sound of pee jetting out of her urethra was even louder than usual. Alana only wanted to drain every last drop from her body and then roll into bed.

The other urge made itself known again, and Alana couldn't hold it back even if she wanted to. A huge, thick mass started to snake out of her hole. She couldn't help moaning again at the way it stretched her wide open. In the background, she could hear the doors to the flat opening- the others probably thought she was fast asleep by now. All she wanted to focus on was having a nice, huge poo, which was happening hard and fast now. But all of a sudden something didn't feel right.

Somewhere over the hissing of her pee, Alana heard the metallic buzz of the room door being unlocked. She froze. The door creaked open, and suddenly, with a crack as sharp as a whip, the lights flickered on around her.

She wasn't in her room. She was in a room that looked just like hers, but with a reversed layout. Where the toilet sat in her room, here there was a messy, unmade bed. She was sitting on the mattress, a huge chunk of which was now soaked, or covered in her shit.

Becky stood in the doorway, mouth open, and behind her- so much worse- was a boy Alana had never seen before. When her drunken brain had realised what was going on, she reached down to cover up her pussy and bush.

"I thought this was my room," she stammered, feeling drunker and dumber than ever before. A glance behind her told her that the bedsheets were ruined. Where there had once been pristine white, everything was suddenly brown or drenched to the point of transparency.

Becky finally closed her mouth. "Did you know the keys worked for every room?"

Alana shook her head. "Did you?"

"No," Becky said, backing out of the room, "we're gonna take your room. We'll do each other's laundry".

"That... that seems fair," Alana muttered, trying to force down the lump in her throat. She just wanted to be left alone, and for the boy to stop staring at her shit-smeared asscrack.

"Let's never talk about this again," Becky said, and then she was gone. The door slammed shut again. Alana stood up, intending to get clean... and felt her knees go weak beneath her. She fell back onto the bed, narrowly missing landing in her own faeces. All she could do was kick off her shoes, slide her leggings and panties off and collapse on the mattress, curling up in a ball as far from her mess as she could.

A little voice in her head was telling her what she needed to do. She had to get up, had to lock the door, strip the sheets, take a shower...

Instead Alana closed her eyes for a few seconds, and before she could do anything about it at all, she was out like a smashed lightbulb.

