Alana's First Month At Uni

Author: Noot

*007*2021-10-30 22:11

Alana's ears were pounding; she could barely hear herself think. All around her were students of every variety, all crammed into one house that was simply too small to fit the hundred or so kids who had turned up. Still, it was a Friday night- only the third one of the term- and there was no point in staying at home while all of her friends went to check out the party. And, like most parties so far that term, Alana had found herself going from reluctant to thrilled as soon as she'd had a couple of strongly mixed dinks.

Although cleaning up Becky's bed the morning after her little incident had been worse than a nightmare, the two girls had kept each other's secrets. It turned out that Alana did know the boy her friend had fucked in her room. She'd been too pissed to recognise him at the time, but he was an ex of Zoe's, and Becky didn't want anyone else knowing that they'd hooked up. In truth, Alana found the thought of what might have happened on her bed more unsettling than the memory of what she'd done to Becky's. So neither girl was ever telling.

That, now, was over two weeks ago. Alana's life had changed in two huge, interconnected ways since she'd moved into the flat with her college friends. Firstly, she was drinking far more, going out almost every night and partying harder than she'd known her body was capable of. Secondly- and this was, she had to admit, purely a result of the first thing- she was having accidents on the regular. Alana had been prone to the occasional leak or little panty poop before, like most girls. But since moving in, these occasions had skyrocketed. She'd barely used the toilet for number two since moving in, and she'd wet herself more times than she could count now.

Now it was starting to feel like another moment was coming. Alana was dying to use the bathroom, but she couldn't quite find it. It would have been manageable if she only needed a piss- she could sneak out the back to the alleyway where the boys were going instead of queueing up for the toilet. Sure, they might laugh at her, or be a little pervy, but it was much better than wetting herself. The trouble was that she had to shit too.

Yet again, she'd managed to get herself good and drunk- far too drunk. It was beginning to seem that she had something of a problem. Alana had been a drinker for a few years before university, but in the last month she hadn't known when- or how- to stop. She floated from room to room, never stopping for a conversation with anyone, just trying to keep herself conscious. If she blacked out, there was no telling what bizarre shit she might end up doing.

With desperation getting worse, Alana steeled herself and summoned up the control to start one last lap of the house, looking around for the bathroom. There had to be one somewhere. She started by the front of the house, but if there was a toilet here she couldn't see the door. From there she had to push into the living room, then the kitchen at the back. The layout seemed unfamiliar and confusing. It reminded her of the club on their first night, when she'd wet herself trying to find the bathroom. She would have to check upstairs again.

Alana pushed through the crowd, eyes half-shut, trying to suppress the rumbling aches in her belly. In her state, time seemed to fly by at double speed, and her need to go was picking up at an increased rate, too. Still she couldn't stop sipping from the cup in her hand, an overly strong mix of whiskey and water that she'd poured when they ran out of Pepsi. Her pussy felt just about ready to start leaking, but she was still clinging onto the last fragments of her sobriety, and with it just enough self-control to keep her panties dry. That wouldn't last much longer, though, if she couldn't find the loo soon. Very soon.

The slow, painful climb up the house's only set of stairs almost did her in. Around halfway up, Alana felt the first leak arrive in her underwear. She was powerless to stop it. When she farted loudly, she would have been grateful for the music's cover... if she wasn't so drunk that she didn't even care who heard her farting anymore. She had to drag herself up with one hand on the railing.

Another leak spurted out, enough to turn the crotch of her panties dark. Alana couldn't care less that the stain was visible now. She just wanted to get to the toilet in time.

Her stomach cramped viciously again, and suddenly something sludgy and slippery slid out of her hole. It wasn't much, just a slug-sized stain against her cheeks, but she couldn't deny that she'd shit herself a little.

By now she was at the top of the stairs at last and looking around frantically for the toilet. It wasn't the locked door opposite the landing, nor the next to her left, which she opened to find two half-naked guys going at it on the bed... so she turned away and stumbled down the hall, losing control.

Finally, at long last, the bathroom came into view. It was empty, too, with a wide open door, the light switched on and a clear pathway to a toilet that looked good enough to ruin.

Alana was a few steps away when she started to piss and shit herself at the same time. Her sphincter simply snapped, and hot, brown sludge erupted out into her underwear. At the same time her pussy started seeping out pee like a burst pipe. Now she felt her jeans getting wet, all the way down her thighs and past her knees. Now she felt the bulge forming behind her. She tried to waddle the last few steps to the bathroom, but everything happened so quickly that her jeans were already damaged beyond saving within the first five seconds. She'd let the pressure build for too long, and the inevitable explosion had been the worst she could remember.

After the initial panic was absorbed, Alana started towards the toilet, wanting to get some privacy. But her legs were weak and intoxicated, and she tripped and fell right onto the landing, still peeing hard, still letting chunks of wet poop spit out of her once-tight hole.

As she was on the floor, she caught a glimpse of feet nipping in front of her, then the bathroom door slamming shut and locking. Though Alana scrambled to her feet again, she was too late. The door was closed. All she could do was back away, then retreat down the stairs, scrambling past people coming the other direction. At the bottom she ran into Megan, who grabbed her by the shoulders and looked her up and down, concern in her eyes.

The next think Alana knew she was being led out of the front door by Megan and Zoe, the cold air making her pee-soaked denim jeans cling to her thighs. She wanted to say something to them- wanted, she thought, to tell them to go back in and enjoy the party, let her walk home alone. Instead she pivoted and threw up on the pavement the moment she opened her mouth.

"I'm worried about her," she heard a voice say- Megan's voice, she thought, though it was hard to tell over the sounds of her own heaving.

Alana spat out the last of her sick, turned, staggered, almost fell. "Go back in," she moaned, "I can walk".

They were having none of it. Alana couldn't resist in her state. She let them march her down the street, one on either side. And, though she didn't say anything, she felt poop running down the back of her left thigh.

###

The next twenty minutes of Alana's life went by in flashes, and she remembered almost none of it by the time they were back at the flat. They'd passed a handful of other students, some of whom had asked about her. Once she'd had to stop to throw up again. By the end of it the strength in her legs was almost gone altogether. Alana felt heavier than a sack of bricks and weaker than a rubber band. Without the support on either side of her two friends, she was sure she'd have simply collapsed and passed out on the street.

The girls got her into the flat a few hours after midnight. Dragging her up the stairs was a challenge, but she managed to lift a leg at a time until she found herself in her room, with them by her side. They stripped her off and put her in the shower. Alana was in no position to complain as they practically hosed her off with jets of hot water. Megan commanded her to turn and face the wall while Zoe washed the poop off of her legs and out of her crack. Some of it had trickled all the way down to the back of her ankle.

Next thing she knew, she was being dried with one of the towels she had used before leaving that night. Feeling like a ragdoll, Alana let her friends scrub beneath her armpits, against her legs and across her back until she was more or less dry. Being drunk themselves, they could hardly be expected to do a top-class job of it. They left her in bed, slightly clammy and feeling like she was going to throw up again, with an empty bucket and a glass of cold water on her bedside table.

Alana lay there, in the dark and the damp, doused in shame. She was barely starting to sober up, but memories of what had happened at the house party were coming fresh into her mind again like nightmares. It was only pure luck that she hadn't filled her pants in front of everyone, but then surely half the party would have seen her being led out of the place in tears... she'd known she had to go, but she'd been so drunk... hadn't been able to find the bathroom in time... hadn't been able to control herself a second longer.

She woke up the next morning and instantly realised that she'd ruined the bed in her sleep. It was bright outside, which Alana knew thanks to the awful job that her blinds were doing of keeping the sun out of her way. The sheets around her were soaked, cold and stinking to high heaven. In a way she supposed that she shouldn't be surprised. She'd gone to bed without properly emptying herself, too drunk to think about anything but lying down and passing out. Beneath her ass now was the price she was paying for that carelessness. A thick pile of poop had come out some time during the night, and already had cooled off in the puddle of piss that she'd done.

Alana was too hungover to panic. She simply tossed the sheets off, over her body and out of the way. They landed in a pathetic heap on the floor. Between her naked thighs was a horror of a mess. Her head pounded worse than ever, and her belly churned as if she might throw up. The bucket that had been left beside her lay untouched, as did the glass of water. Now Alana wished she'd used both.

It took more effort than she cared to admit to haul herself out of bed, taking it a step at a time, worried she might fall again. Fortunately- if you could call it that- the strength seemed to have returned to her legs, even if her brain still felt jarred and half-asleep. She went to the mirror on the door of her closet, flicked on the light switch by the door and forced herself to assess just how bad the damage was. Alana quickly wished she hadn't. Her thighs and groin were caked in poop, even in places it had no right to be. She couldn't even bare to look at her sorry self for longer than a few seconds.

As she stripped the sheets off of her bed, just as she had to Becky's bed on that first week, Alana wondered what had happened to her.

She bundled everything up and shoved it as deep into her laundry basket as it would go- sheets, pillowcases, the works. Already in there was everything she'd worn the night before. She didn't want to look at it, or smell it any more than she had to. By some miraculous stroke of luck there was no stain left over on the mattress.

Alana climbed back into the shower the second her laundry was in the bag. She couldn't stand to walk around so dirty any longer, legs and pubes sticky with dried piss. Part of her still felt drunk, but she remembered the technique her friends had used to wash herself clean the night before and did her best to replicate that with the shower head. Groaning and grossed out, Alana rubbed between her growing bum cheeks with one hand, trying to clear out every last trace of poo. She was just about to put conditioner in her pee-stained bush when the worst stomach cramp of her life suddenly hit.

There was no time to stop it; she had no more strength left to prevent what needed to happen. Still standing in the shower, leaning against one ice-cold wall for support, Alana started to squirt diarrhoea onto the floor. Her bowels voided themselves noisily and violently. She could do nothing but close her eyes and wait for it all to be over.

Since arriving at university not one month ago Alana had had more alcohol-induced accidents than she could still keep count of, but this almost felt like the low point to her. She was shitting herself not two metres from the toilet and there was no way she could stop it.

When she began to pee, too, she made no effort to prevent it. After all, how much worse could the mess even get?

###

As far as festival weather went, it didn't get much better than Saturday, 28th August- at least by British standards. The sun had come up at six in the morning and wouldn't disappear until well past eight that night. By lunchtime it was scorching, turning the black metal of the bins in the park scalding hot to the touch and reddening the skin of anyone short-sighted enough to turn up without suncream. They were calling it a blessing from the gods; it had poured with rain for the last four days and the ground was still thick with black mud.

Well over sixty thousand people were packed between the site walls along the Southsea seafront for a festival on its second of three days. By the early afternoon, if not before, at least half of that sixty thousand were drunk. The whole place bustled with energy, from street theatre around every corner to artists performing on one of the half-dozen stages around the place. Food stalls and bars lined the sides of each walkway, set up thirty metres wide just to make sure there was enough space for the festival-goers to fit through. A queue for the bar would set you back twenty minutes if you were lucky.

Finally at the front of that queue, Alana stood beside Alex, a debit card waiting in her hand. They'd waited long enough for the next round of drinks, and it was Alana's turn to buy. She wasn't looking forward to checking her bank balance in the morning. At first, the five women had tried to remember everyone's order and buy each drink individually. That hadn't gone well. Since the first disastrous attempt, when Zoe had returned with almost none of what people had actually wanted, the girls had agreed to just stick to five beers.

Alex had offered to come with Alana because she wanted to get a look at the queues for the toilets, to see if they'd gotten any shorter yet. Meanwhile, their three friends were spread out on a picnic blanket closer to the stage. Megan was their resident festival expert, and she'd insisted they all got there early to make sure they picked out a good spot for the day's music. That had also meant that they had started drinking early, so Alana felt nicely buzzed as she stood and waited for the barman to pour five pints.

She stole a glance at her phone, which had largely been forgotten for once in the excitement of the day. It was almost two o'clock now, four hours after they'd arrived and bought the first drink. Lunch had been a huge meal, an assortment of dishes from the surrounding food trucks that the girls had split and shared like a variety platter. Washed down with beer, Alana hadn't tasted anything so good in a long time.

When the bartender held up a machine for payment, Alana touched her card against it and took three of the beers away, leaving the other two for Alex to carry. The bars at this festival operated a one-way system- you had to queue on one side, buy your drinks and leave through the other end. Alana and Alex emerged near one of the toilet blocks, where lines were stretching back for twenty metres or more.

There were simply too many people and not enough toilets here. They'd noticed the problem right away, but there didn't seem to be much they could do about it other than wait in line. It was a pain in the arse, Alana thought, but they couldn't exactly go home.

So far she'd only needed to go once and it had been a nightmare. Having underestimated how long the queue would take, Alana had arrived at the back of the line when she was already quite desperate for a piss. By the time she reached the front of the queue she was bursting, and had barely made it into a port-a-potty in time. Inside was as disgusting and cramped as those things always were, but she'd been too pre--occupied with relief to care. That half an hour queueing outside had been one of the most uncomfortable waits of her life.

Now Alana only felt lucky that she hadn't needed the toilet again since, though she knew that the time would come where she'd need to rejoin one of those horrible lines and hope she could hold it until she got to the front. It wasn't the most dignified of festivals.

Together with Alex, she carried the drinks back through a crowd of tens of thousands in front of the main stage. It was an awkward, slow process, with plenty of delicate stepping over belongings and semi-polite excuse me's. Eventually they found the others, lounging about with sunglasses and half-empty cups.

Sitting down with her friends on the blanket, Alana only had a few minutes to talk before the next band started. She hadn't a clue who most of the artists were until later that evening when the headliners came on, but with a bit of beer in her belly Alana was the kind of girl who could enjoy just about any music. The bass was loud enough to shake the earth, everyone started to move and soon Alana completely forgot about needing to go to the toilet.

####

By three there was no denying it: Alana needed the bathroom. She had hoped to stave off the urge to for as long as possible, but the combination of her fifth beer in as many hours plus some of the water Megan had made her drink to stave off dehydration had left her certain that she had to get to the toilets.

To put it mildly, Alana wasn't looking forward to the excursion. She doubted the queues had gotten any better since the last time she was there, and the wait would be boring at best, painful at worst... but still the rational part of her knew that things would only get more complicated the longer she put off going. So she asked the group if any of them had to go too, on the off-chance that someone might come and keep her company. Annoyingly, though, they all seemed wrapped up in the band that had just come on, so Alana ventured out alone, through the herds of people until the music grew a little quieter and the crowds got a little thinner. Here she could at least hear herself think, even if it was a hell of a lot more lonely.

Just as she'd dreaded, the line for the block of toilets closest to the stage was enormous. If it was possible, she thought it had even grown since her last trip to the bar. There were only a measly twelve port-a-potties there, for a stage watched by what had to be twenty thousand people or more. Alana knew she could go deeper into the festival to look for a quieter set of loos, but that was a risk that might only cost her more time. Reluctantly, she joined the back of a line that looked slightly shorter than the others, though there were still at least twenty people in front of her.

As she crawled closer and closer, and the minutes ticked on, Alana started to get desperate. What had begun as a little twinge in her bladder evolved into a throbbing discomfort at an alarming speed. Soon she couldn't stand still, and one leg crossed over the other in an effort to relieve some of the pressure. She wasn't the only one, either- half the other people lining up for the loos were either visibly reaching the point of urgency or talking to each other about how badly they had to go.

Eventually, with only a handful more people in front of Alana's squirming body, two drunk girls stumbled across the front of the port-a-potties. They both wore the most over-the-top festival outfits Alana had ever seen, and one was grabbing her pussy shamelessly, bent over and clearly about to wet herself.

"Fuck, is that the line?" asked the other one, who was dragging the desperate girl behind her.

"I can't hold it that long, Bex, I'm gonna piss myself," she moaned.

The first girl kept pulling her friend along, and Alana heard her say "come on, we'll find a bush or something".

A few minutes later Alana heard people muttering behind her, and turned to see people moving away from a man in the line beside hers. He was looking down at the ground, red-faced, as a huge dark patch spread across the front of his beige cargo shorts. They were a thin material. Alana could see the outline of his dick pressed against them, still pissing hard. Clearly he hadn't been able to hold it, and had lost control right before reaching the front of the line.

Seeing this cute guy have a very public accident only made Alana need to go even worse. It was almost lucky that the booze had taken some of the sting out of her inhibitions, because she didn't think she would have been able to hold it if not for the occasional squeeze of her pussy through her jean shorts. Nobody around her seemed to mind or even notice- they were mostly too desperate themselves to care what she needed to do to keep her pants dry.

At last, just as she was starting to seriously doubt whether or not she could make it, Alana found herself with nobody else between her and the grey, plastic door. All she had to do now was hold out until whoever was in there now came out-

Suddenly a girl was there in front of her, no older than twenty. Alana only needed one glance to know that she was utterly bursting.

"Please, let me go in front," the girl begged, "I'm starting to wet myself. Please".

Alana saw the door open behind the girl, and a relieved-looking young man step out. She felt a single leak of hot pee spurt out of her pussy, and that made the decision for her.

"I'm sorry," Alana said, pushing as gently as she could manage past the dancing girl, "I can't hold it anymore".

She locked the door behind her while the girl cursed and squirmed, then tore down her jean shorts and panties at the very last second. Alana was pissing before she had even sat down. The seat below her bare ass was soaked with piss, but she couldn't bring herself to care. She even had to lean forward and hold the lockless door closed as she emptied her bladder, unable to hold back a moan of the most intense relief.

It was only when, a whole minute later, Alana was finished peeing that she realised there was no toilet paper left in the stall. Instead two useless brown cardboard cylinders were strewn on the floor, soggy from badly-aimed men's urine. Usually Alana would use a sleeve in a situation like this but she was wearing a sleeveless top for the heat. So, feeling tipsy now she wasn't so desperate, she wiped her pussy a few times with her bare hand and then rubbed the liquid off onto her jean shorts. Then she pulled them back up, eager to get out so that the next person could get some relief too.

When she got out of the port-a-potty, Alana was met with a sight that made her feel awful: the desperate girl she'd turned away was standing there, tight denim shorts completely soaked. She was being consoled by an older woman in the queue, who gave Alana a dirty look. Alana couldn't bare to look at them. She rushed away, leaving the crying girl to stand there in her ruined clothes.

But I had no choice, Alana told herself, if I had let her go first, that would be me standing there crying right now.

###

Though she'd have been ashamed to admit it, Alana had all but forgotten about the girl in the wet shorts by the time she'd had dinner and a few more drinks. Well, maybe a few more would be an understatement- perhaps a lot more was a better choice of words. Alana was thoroughly sloshed, but still just about on the fun side of drunk, getting into every band that came on and laughing at every bad joke the lead singers told in between songs. She'd gotten used to heading to the toilet queues the minute she felt the need to pee. So far, caution was paying off.

Alana walked away from the Churro stand with three portions bundled up carefully in her arms- as carefully as a drunk nineteen-year-old could manage, anyway. Here, the festival was a little quieter now, as almost everyone had flocked to one of the stages to watch the last few bands play.

As she walked she saw something that caught her eye. Just off the main footpath, behind a thick oak tree, a man was taking a piss. He was apparently too drunk to notice that he wasn't covering himself very well, and she could see the pink outline of his cock, not to mention a thick yellow stream that splattered against the trunk.

At first, Alana thought next to nothing of it- after all, men relieved themselves against trees all the time, especially drunk ones. But only a few feet further down the path, there was someone else going to the toilet behind a bush. This one was a woman, judging by her long hair and the way she was squatting down. A sober Alana would've looked away politely, but drunk, she couldn't help staring. It took her a while to realise that there was a thick, brown log dangling out of the girl's bare bum.

Only then did Alana properly start to look around, and then she saw how bad things had become. Dozens of people, apparently either unwilling or unable to stomach the long queues, were relieving themselves out in the open, sometimes with barely any cover. Behind a few trees she saw a group of women squatting and pissing together. She saw a relieved-looking guy who looked like he was taking a dump up against a lamppost. Further on, a girl no older than Alana was peeing standing up through her skirt while her boyfriend kept watch.

Alana knew that at least a few of the festival-goers would be forced to go outside, thanks to the insane toilet shortages. But she would never have guessed just how wide the issue spread. In just a few minutes she counted sixteen people who were either pissing or shitting outdoors... and those were just the ones who were too desperate or too drunk to bother hiding it very well.

Alana checked her phone. The only band she really wanted to watch all day were due to start in a few minutes. So, still unable to believe what she was seeing around her, she hurried back towards the main stage with the churros.

She made it back to her friends with a few minutes to spare before the band was due to start, and eagerly relaid what she'd seen. "People are pissing and shitting all over the place," she told them, "there's just not enough toilets".

"I'm not surprised," Megan said, lifting her sunglasses off her head, "next time I need a wee I'm just gonna go over there. Fuck queueing another half an hour".

The others seemed to agree, to Alana's surprise. But she decided that she, too, would follow the lead of the people she'd seen emptying their bladders outside next time she had to go. She already felt a little twinge in her bladder just thinking about it. But she wasn't sure she would be as happy to take a dump outside, especially with no toilet paper.

Soon Becky was back with five more drinks, and the band was about to start. Alana pushed thoughts of pee and poop to the back of her mind once again. She still had more room in her bladder for now, so she drunk up again.

###

It would have been bad enough if Alana was dying for a pee by the time the set came to a close. She knew her body well enough to know that that was a possibility, anyway. But she had forgotten all about the risk of the urge to take her evening poo coming on a little early, spurred on by the bucketloads of unhealthy food she and her friends had gobbled down over the course of the day. Her bowels first stirred just after the first song started and got steadily stormier until she was having to clench her cheeks closed just to keep it in.

In truth, though, she was having too good a time to tear herself away from the band prematurely. The booze had warmed her blood (and gotten her completely wasted in the process), and she pushed right o the front to dance and sing every word at the top of her lungs. Even towards the back end of the show, when she was really starting to feel bursting, it only dampened Alana’s spirits a little. Besides, when she heard the opening guitar riff of one song, she knew she wouldn’t have to wait much longer- this was the tune they always closed a set with.

Sure enough, by the end of the song the crowd was going crazy and the band we’re walking off stage. Alana took that as her cue to turn and get out of there, squeezing past dozens of cheering fans. Most people at the front were staying for the last two bands of the night, so Alana passed them all until she reached her friends- who also wanted to stick around.

“I really need the toilet,” she told them, almost having to yell over the crowd behind her, “I’ll be back here as soon as I can!”

As luck would have it, none of her friends wanted the toilet, so she would have to go alone. For once Alana was grateful for the solitude. Her bowels wouldn’t wait much longer, and she was starting to suspect that she’d be forced to do something of which some of them probably wouldn’t approve- take a crap on the grass, preferably somewhere with enough coverage that no passersby could see her arse squeezing it out.

Alana pushed through the crowd, but at least half the spectators had also chosen this moment for a toilet break, it seemed. It felt like there were thousands of them, all positioned just the right way to block her path and all moving so damn slowly that she almost couldn’t believe it. It was like some supernatural force had placed this army of human slugs there to force her to shit her panties. Within a few minutes she was genuinely worried that they would make her have an accident. Either that or she started a stampede to get through them, which seemed appealing to her now even if the possibility of a mass human crush was very much real.

After what felt like an era, Alana spilt out into a bit of space, right at the back of where the crowd had formed on the main lawn. She stumbled free of the sea of people and looked over at the toilet block. It took one glance to tell Alana that everything she’d feared was true: there was just no way she would make it in time if she tried to line up there. She would have to find somewhere else to conduct her urgent business. So she pushed on, knowing that even without toilet paper this was her only option.

The crowd thinned out some more and soon Alana was walking freely again, with enough space for people to flow in the other direction without almost crashing into her. She was near the limits of both her bladder and bowels, making walking more difficult than ever. A few times she thought she might have leaked into her shorts, only for her fingers to come away dry and Alana to breathe a sigh of relief.

For now- only for now- she was just about getting away with it. It felt incredible to finally find herself in the place where other guests had been going in the bushes earlier.

But this time something was different. She looked to where she’d seen the woman having a poo earlier and saw two stern-looking police officers instead, hands in pockets, watching everything. Even as drunk as she was, and as desperate as she was, Alana knew better than to try and go to the toilet here. She knew people who had been arrested for public indecency- even when they’d tried to explain that they had been about to have an accident, the cops had put them in the back of the car anyway.

There was no way Alana could go here… but she needed to go somewhere, that much was beyond doubt. She had no more than a matter of seconds before losing control. There was one more place where she might be able to make it before then.

Alana kept walking, barely holding on now. She needed to get past the trees and out of sight of the officers. The last thing she needed was to have an accident here, where so many people would see. Knowing her luck she was bound to bump into someone she knew if that happened.

Alana stole another glance over her shoulder, checking to see that neither of the policemen were following. Now they were far away enough that she could barely make out either fluorescent jacket. Every step felt like it could be the last before she started to void her bowels into her underwear, and doubtless a total loss of bladder control would soon follow. Alana wasn't sure whether to squeeze her crotch or her butt, so in the end she alternated between both, trying to apply pressure to whichever muscle needed the most support in the moment.

Before she had even realised it, Alana found herself surrounded by people again. Under the dim lighting of a clouded moon, she saw a shape moving behind the bushes. Then another followed, and her drunken eyes made out two people. One of them was squatting over the grass, while the other- a boyfriend, she guessed- seemed to be peeing into the hedge. Alana glanced around and spotted another guy taking a leak against a nearby wall. Clearly, this place was out of the reach of the cops, if they even cared. It would have to do.

She rushed off the main path and behind a line of trees, where right away she was met with a handful more toilet-goers. Her fingers fumbled for the button of her shorts, missing on the first try in her stupor. Alana spurted pee into her panties again- hot, fast and too sudden to stop. She could feel herself turtleheading at the back. The second leak came quickly; she knew that it would turn into a heavy flow long before she could do anything about it. Steeling herself, Alana tried again... and this time the button came loose.

Relief was so close that she could almost taste it. Alana went to squat over the mud and let it rip, but her left foot slipped on the wet surface and she went sprawling. For a second she put out her arms in a last-ditch effort to get her balance back, but it was far too late, and Alana hit the mud with a loud splat. She could barely hold her arms up to cushion the fall, too drunk to keep her footing anymore.

The impact of hitting the ground proved to be the final straw for Alana. At once she felt her bladder give in, and hot piss was suddenly streaming down her legs, soaking through the fabric of her shorts and running along her thighs. At the same instant she started to shit her pants. Her tight hole was forced open by the first log, a monster turd wet and loose enough to squish into her panties. The squelching, farting sound it made was unmistakable even over faint music coming from a nearby stage.

She tried to get to her feet, but a combination of severe drunkenness and the exhaustion her body was going through made it impossible to stand. All Alana could still do was push herself up into some pathetic, almost foetal crouching position and let it happen. She curled up into a ball and felt her panties fill up with warm brown sludge. Her pee soaked into the bush she hadn't bothered to trim, already beginning to give off that familiar, salty scent. It felt like a long time before she stopped going in her pants.

At last, when the final few drops of pee were drained out of her bladder, Alana managed to get back onto her own two shaky feet. People were staring. She couldn't stay here. So she fled, walking as fast as she could manage inconspicuously and rounding the corner into the market area of the festival. Before long she was gone, well out of sight of the piss puddle she had left on the ground. Anyone who had seen what she'd done was miles away now. And they weren't going to catch up with her.

Alana went to one of the stalls selling clothes. Anything- literally anything- would do. She got out her debit card and started to look for some new trousers. They didn't even need to fit her- as long as they weren't filled to near overflow with her own poop, they were better than what she had on. When she got back to her friends wearing a brand new pair of trousers, she could just tell them she’d seen a pair she liked. Whether they were dumb enough to believe her was a very different question.

###

There was nothing quite like the feeling of walking through the dark city streets absolutely shit-faced. Alana was too drunk to speak as she followed the flock back to their flat, wincing away from the brightness every time she passed beneath a streetlight. Every now and then a car would roar past, but Alana couldn't focus on any more than colour and shape. Sometimes, her brain tuned in and out of the drunken conversations her friends were having, like she was listening to a broken radio. Even the cold night air only did a little to sober her tired brain.

They had only left the club ten minutes ago, only because the staff were starting to get ready for closing time. It was a Thursday, and it had been Wednesday when they'd arrived. None of the girls had a class until the next afternoon, so they decided to take advantage of cheap drinks and free entry at a nightclub just down the road from their usual haunts. It had been nothing special, they all agreed... but those prices certainly went a long way to making it feel like one of the best nights out in town. You could get drunk out of your mind for half the cost of a bigger bar. And there was a free coke machine in the corner. All in all, not a bad find.

Alana had mostly walked with her head down, following the feet of her friends, but now she was starting to recognise the streets around them. Though they'd taken a different route home, the flat was nearby. She was content to trail behind them a little, and every now and then someone- usually Megan- would glance back to make sure she wasn't falling too far from the pack. None of them wanted to explain to Alana's parents how they'd lost her somewhere in the Northern Quarter just before sunrise.

Her skimpy outfit wasn't doing much to keep out the cold, but it was at least clean and dry, of which Alana was more than a little proud. This was one of the first nights all month where she'd managed to avoid an accident. That wasn't to say there hadn't been close calls- she'd almost pissed herself in the queue for the toilets once- but when she'd left the club with her outfit undamaged, it was hard not to be pleased with herself.

Almost before she knew it, Alana's group were walking up the road to their student hall building again. Out of nothing she remembered how many times she'd made this journey with her parents, the day she moved in. They'd gone up and down the stairs until her legs were aching and her back felt sore, and she'd only wanted them to drive off so that she could settle in and take a crap.

The stairwell was infinitely warmer than outside, so they shuffled in like penguins searching for heat. Alana needed to pee. She hadn't even realised until they were inside, but now here it was. She followed her friends up the first set of stairs, everyone still talking drunkenly- experience had shown that anyone inside the flats wouldn't be able to hear a word they were saying.

If there was one thing Alana hated about these flats, it was the stairs. Every time she wanted to get back to her bed, it took what felt like half an hour of trekking up bizarrely steep steps before she could even reach the front door. More than once she'd fantasised about buying a chairlift for the building, though her budgets were sadly limiting.

The five girls split up at the summit. A couple liked to head to the kitchen to drink some water and unwind before bed, and sometimes Alana joined them, but tonight she just wanted to strip off, take a leak and climb beneath her sheets. She had a class in ten hours that she couldn't afford to miss, hungover or not.

So she said goodnight to her friends and watched them disappear off, some to the kitchen and some to their own rooms. They fumbled through the dark; none of them liked to turn on the lights in this state.

The first thing Alana always felt when she got back into her room at night was a blast of heat. She always turned on her radiator before she went out, to keep the cold out for when she got home. It was October, after all, and the evenings were getting chillier by the week. She'd come to love the warmth of her room, even if it always left her sweaty when she woke up.

Before the door even closed she was already stripping off her clothes. Her phone and purse were chucked unceremoniously on the desk. Off came the skimpy little top she wore to make her boobs look bigger, then her jeans, her underwear. All of it joined the top of a growing pile on the floor, which she tended to sort out every week or so, when she could be bothered. It felt great to be naked in a hot room.

Then Alana stumbled into her bathroom, the door to which was permanently wide open these days. She sat on the toilet, the lid of which was permanently wide open these days. Her bladder let go without much prompting. Alana leaned over, sighed and let it out, hearing her pee hiss into the bowl loudly. She squeezed her left breast idly as she pissed. Her nipples had gone rock hard from the cold air outside, but now she could feel them getting soft and small again, adjusting to the heat of the room.

When she was done Alana didn't even bother wiping. She climbed off the toilet and across to her bed, where she slipped between the sheets and fell asleep in seconds.

###

As Alana slept, night turned gradually into day. The sun that eventually emerged was not a warm one, but it did enough to light the streets of the city- and mostly dry away the puddles of piss students had left in alleyways and around street corners. Anything more solid than that would take a little longer to disappear, unless some poor sap stuck on community service happened to stumble on it while doing the morning rounds.

Outside of the artificially heated cocoon of Alana's bedroom, the air was still tinged with ice by the time morning gave way to afternoon. But inside she was only just waking up. Her eyes opened with the last dredges of a strange dream still buzzing in her brain. She'd been naked, of that much she was certain... little bits and pieces of the dream stuck around in her memory while the rest quickly faded. She remembered the feeling of finding herself without a thread of cloth on her body, and seeing other people staring at her. Had she been peeing in the dream? Maybe. Alana had dreamt like that before. She suspected it was some subconscious manifestation of the humiliation she'd felt in recent months, every time she had a drunken accident in front of people she barely knew.

Alana rolled over and stretched to pick her phone off the desk. One naked, dark breast slipped out from beneath the duvet, hanging heavily. The other one, the smaller one by far, stayed safely buried below her blanket and kept warm. She had to blink when she saw the clock to make sure her eyes weren't tricking her- one-fifty-one. Her lecture- the one she couldn't afford to miss unless she wanted to screw up her course after less than a month- started in nine minutes.

Alana hurled herself out of bed, suddenly panicked. The walk from her room to the lecture hall took about five minutes if she hurried, but that left her with literally no time to waste. She needed to act fast. She crossed the room towards her closet- but a sudden ache in her bladder forced her to take a detour. If Alana didn't pee before she left, she'd be desperate by the time she got there.

Nothing was more frustrating than sitting on the toilet, naked as the day she was born, waiting for her bladder to finish draining so that she could get up and pull on some clothes. Her piss seemed to go on forever, like someone was magically filling her up with more and more fluids as she went, creating an endless flow.

The hangover felt very real all of a sudden. She hadn't felt too bad lying down, nor while she was rushing around the place, but now that she was captive to this one plastic seat Alana was hit with a banging headache and a heavy sickness in her gut. This was already starting to feel like one of the worst mornings she'd had all month.

Alana squeezed her bladder muscles, and the speed of her flow picked up a little. To an observer, the only evidence would have been the way the sound of her pee hissing into the water tuned up in pitch. At this heavier rate, she finally started to run out of piss, but that wasn't quick enough for her. Toilet roll was being dragged over her pussy before she'd even finished peeing, soaking the paper so much it broke apart. While Alana pulled the metal flush, her other hand used a wet hand towel to wipe the urine from her fingers.

To make matters worse, Alana was positive that she had to take a dump. The feeling in her stomach- bloated and full- made that quite plain. She hadn't even gone the night before, which happened only once in a blue moon, so it was no wonder she really needed one now. A fart slipped out, and within a second a pungent smell hit her nostrils.

Alana always had to take a shit in the mornings, but after a night of heavy drinking she would always produce something far bigger and far worse for anyone within smelling range. Yet this morning she knew she couldn't. It would take her five minutes, ten if it was a messy one, and she couldn't risk being late to the lecture. Their professor had a reputation for being extremely strict, and she sometimes turned latecomers away from her classes. So Alana swore under her breath and stepped away from the bathroom. She'd have to hold it.

Next she went to her closet and yanked the doors open so hard they almost came off their hinges. She grabbed a pair of panties, a bra and two socks from her underwear box, abandoning all her usual concern over whether they matched or even whether they were clean. Right now she'd take a thong with skidmarks in the back, as long as she had something to wear within the next ten seconds. And she did have a thong with skidmarks in the back somewhere in that box.

Once they were thrown on, along with the warmest top she could find at a moment's notice, Alana fished out the only pair of jeans she hadn't worn yet since moving to university. They were miles too big for her around the waist. Alana owned a belt, but the lazy bastard inside of her couldn't be bothered with the effort, so she'd left the jeans untouched so far.

Now her favourite pair had picked up a hole the size of Uruguay, and her other two were still damp from the last wash, so Alana had to resort to this giant's garment. She fed the belt through the loops as fast as she could manage. Even with the belt, the jeans were a little loose around even her wide hips, and she had to pull it as tight as it would go just to make the things fit before fastening it securely.

Finally dressed, Alana could start shoving everything she might need into her bag. In went her laptop (barely charged), notebook, pens and pencils, a spare phone charger and a pair of tissues in case she needed to blow her nose. This was standard lecture gear for Alana, but she'd unpacked most of it the day before while tidying and forgotten to put it all back in.

In the heat of the room, the stench of her farts was beyond unpleasant. It didn't take a genius to work out that she must've done plenty in her sleep to reach this strength.

By some miracle she managed to be out of her room and walking down the stairs while her phone still gave her just over five minutes before the lecture started. If she walked quickly she'd make it.

It wasn't until Alana was out on the streets again that she realised she didn't remember getting home the night before. In fact- come to think of it, she couldn't really remember any of the evening. The other downside was that the fresh air had only made her hangover worse. She could never understand how some drinkers felt less ill after a walk.

And it wasn't like she was just hungover, either. Crossing the road outside her building, Alana started to realise that she may still have been a little drunk. That wasn't too unusual for her on the nights she went really heavy, but those tended to be Friday or Saturday events where she was free to spend the morning after in bed, usually eating junk food, sleeping or masturbating. This morning she was forced to walk past dozens of people outside, and all the sounds and sights were coming up somehow short of how her fully sober self would perceive them.

At least she could feel glad that she’d been for a wee before leaving- there was little doubt that she’d be in serious trouble if she’d tried to hold her morning-after drunken piss until she got to the lecture hall. If there’d been a queue at the toilets, for example, there was no way Alana would’ve lasted the whole class without wetting her pants. She’d made the mistake of trying before, and that had been a disastrous hour for which she’d been so focussed on holding her pussy and squirming that she’d completely neglected to actually pay attention.

Thanks to a walk at what felt like twice a normal pace, Alana tore into the lecture hall just thirty seconds or so before it was due to begin. The hall was a vast space with hundreds of seats, but in this class of only ninety or so students there was no shortage of empty chairs. Alana always sat near the front on the left side, with Becky to her right. Her friend was already there with her laptop set up when Alana came bumbling to her seat, bag bouncing against her back behind her with each speedy step.

"I did not expect to see you here," Becky said with a grin, her eyes slightly incredulous.

Alana wasn't in the mood. "What does that mean?"

"You were fucked last night". The girl laughed, then turned her attention to the front of the room just as their lecturer stood and came to the front of her desk. "When you didn't show up in the kitchen all morning I assumed you were giving this one a miss".

Before Alana could respond, the stern-faced woman before them started talking. Alana was already behind. By the time she'd opened her laptop and set up a new file to take notes on, their lecturer was onto the second slide.

She did what she could to concentrate on the task at hand. It baffled her that Becky could seem so normal beside her- she hadn't been that much drunker than her friends, surely? And yet she was apparently the only one who had slept in until well into the afternoon, she was probably the only one who felt like shit now. Was she just bad at handling her booze? Maybe she wasn't as used to it as the others, and that was why she was so accident-prone when she got drunk. Maybe, maybe, maybe. It was all just guesswork as far as she was concerned.

As the lecture dragged on, Alana only started to feel worse and worse, however. She couldn't tell exactly what was wrong, but something foul and poisonous was inside her and it needed to come out somewhere. The trouble was that she felt just as likely to throw up as to shit her pants. But the lecturer was only now getting to the parts she really needed to know, so Alana forced herself to stay and listen, ignoring her body as best she could.

Alana sincerely hoped that she wasn't about to be sick. It made her think of her school days, when every now and then a kid would puke on the carpet. Everyone would be a little grossed out and then forget about it. She wasn't a kid anymore, and this wasn't school. If she threw up in the lecture hall, people would remember her face- including her teacher. Even the ones who didn't know her name would see her as the girl who puked in class. She didn't want to think about how much shame that would bring.

Eventually, despite her best efforts to stoically carry on, Alana started to get the feeling that something very bad was seconds away from happening. Her whole body hurt horribly, centred on the stomach that hadn't stopped cramping since she'd gotten out of bed. A sense of doom filled her head. She had no choice left. She had to get out of there before she did something disgusting.

Alana slammed her laptop closed a little harder than she intended, making Becky jump and look over, startled. She didn’t want to look at any of the other students as she got up from her seat. From the front of the class, the only way to leave without crossing right in front of the teacher was via the exits at the rear, right at the top of the room. Alana could practically feel the eyes on her as she climbed up the steps, but she didn’t raise her own gaze past waist height. She couldn’t bare to see them watching.

The corridor she spilled out into was a fraction of the size of the lecture hall, but it felt a thousand times bigger. Here she could breathe again, and there was nobody else to see her at this time of day. Alana’s relief, though, was short-lived. Her body was urging her to get to the bathroom as soon as possible- and she had no choice but to oblige. In her panic it took her a couple of seconds to remember where the nearest toilet was. She shot off towards it like a hungover bullet, praying that nobody would come around the corner until she was well out of sight.

The rush towards the bathroom left no doubt in Alana’s mind that she was still feeling the effects of the booze from the night before. Her head was spinning when she turned each bend and her legs felt weaker than paper. In the background, somewhere, she heard two people talking and a woman laugh. Was she laughing at Alana? No, that didn’t make sense, nobody had seen her. Besides, the woman was too far away. But she could be rushing towards them, running into a roadblock. Her stomach turned over again.

Alana found herself staring at a silver square with the black silhouette of a woman in a dress on it, the universal sign for a ladies’ toilet she’d seen a thousand times before. She shook herself awake again and charged through, pushing the door open with her shoulder, then through the second door tucked just inside, the one that had never served any purpose other than to delay desperate women even further. There was nobody else in the bathroom, she could tell from just a glance. It was just her- a minor mercy at best. She took the closest stall.

Even turning to lock the door was agony, and her gut squeezed like a vice. Alana knew now- she had to shit, and right away. There was no more doubt. Her fingers went to her belt buckle… the buckle she’d never had to undo before, and the one she’d pulled inexplicably tight that morning. It wouldn’t budge.

Alana swore loudly and readjusted her grip. She was squeezing the leather strap with her whole hand, and squeezing her bum shut with the rest of her strength, but neither were doing any good. No matter how much she pulled it wasn’t coming undone.

Just as she thought she was getting there, Alana’s stomach gave one final, sickening convulsion. With that she lost the battle. Control was wrestled out of her grip as easily as a grown man could take something from a child. She felt it squirt from her asshole, thick, slimy and impossibly hot. Alana groaned and kept trying to yank the belt out of place, but she got nothing for her efforts. The second spasm hit and sent more messy shit flying into her panties. She could already feel it soaking her bum, spreading across ever square inch. A trickle of warm brown water had escaped her panties already and was dribbling down her left thigh.

There was more, too, more than she could remember ever doing before. Alana had experienced diarrhoea; this was a whole other level of mess, a seemingly endless stream of thick poop that wouldn’t stop. Every time she thought she was almost done another cramp attacked her and more sludge filled her underwear until they started to sag from the weight in those godforsaken loose jeans.

This, Alana decided, was it- without a doubt the lowest point of her life. She'd thought she had hit rock bottom in the shower after that party the week before, but standing there, poop running down her legs, she saw all at once how this moment was so much worse. She had no excuses about being too hammered to get to the toilet, or something else getting in her way. She had simply been unable to hold it for another second and now she was paying the price for it. As much as she wanted to cry, Alana held back the tears. The only thing she could afford to focus on now was getting the hell out of there and back to her flat as soon as possible.

Infuriatingly, she found that her belt came undone rather easily once she wasn't worried about shitting in her pants anymore. She unhooked it and had to resist the temptation to rip the damn thing off and flush it down the toilet. Next came the dreaded shimmy of jeans around ankles, followed by her shit-stained underwear. She had to lower them carefully to try and minimise the damage on the floor. Alana could never have brought herself to leave poop on the floor for some poor cleaner to wipe up, but that didn't mean she wanted to be scrubbing any more poo herself than she absolutely had to.

Stepping out of her shoes, then jeans, and finally threading the pants over her feet was a slow and painful process. She didn't even contemplate trying to salvage them. They went straight in the toilet with the rest of it.

She sent Becky a cry for help over text. It was only nine words long.

In toilets by IT block. Bring my bag. Pls x

Alana locked her phone and put her elbows on her skinny knees. She knew there was more to come out of her; she could feel it bubbling away like venom. With a deep breath, she bore down and pushed out another spurt. The sound of it hitting the water made her want to recoil. If there had been anyone else in the room, she was quite sure she would have died of embarrassment. Buried underneath all of that there was a relief she was getting it out of her system- but still Alana felt ill, in a way that didn't have anything to do with pooping anymore.

Becky responded after a moment with a simple on my way! and Alana finally ran out of poop to expunge. She did her best to wipe her butt, but it was taking her twice as much paper as the already-huge amount she usually needed. The runny mess had spread onto her butt cheeks, her legs and almost as far as her pussy, and it quickly proved impossible to get rid of all the stains that had already started to dry. The best she could do would be to get most of it off and rush home for a long shower.

In the end she had only managed to sit through about half of that crucial lecture. She'd need Becky to fill in her in later. No doubt her classmates would see Becky carrying Alana's bag up the stairs and out, and they'd get a pretty good idea of what had happened.

That didn't mean that Alana was any less grateful when the bathroom door swung open a minute later and Becky handed the bag over the stall door before disappearing back to class. Most girls would have stayed to check if Alana was okay, but Becky seemed to know her well enough to sense that she wanted to be alone in this moment. The smell in the room left nothing to the imagination, anyway.

Finally, Alana pulled her loose trousers back up. She hated going commando in jeans- the denim always rubbed against her pussy in uncomfortable ways- but it needed to be done so she could leave. When she slung the bag over her shoulder, though, her stomach whirled again.

Alana spun on the spot just in time to throw up violently into the toilet bowl, splashing the porcelain sides with puke.

###

Alana woke up already needing to take a dump, which she supposed was typical.

She was back at her own house, and it took her a little while to remember why. Gone were the untidy vibes of her room back at university- here her room was kept painfully neat, if only to keep her mum quiet. Sunlight streamed in through the crack where she'd forgotten to close her curtains, and the bedsheets felt fresh and dry. The only thing that remained exactly the same no matter where she was in the morning was that familiar feeling of needing to poop.

Automatically, her hand reached across the pillow and picked up her phone, which had spent the night face-down on the bed- the only thing that had slept with her lately, she was disappointed to report. A quick check of her lock screen revealed that it was well past nine in the morning, which could only mean she'd overslept and was set to disappoint her parents yet again.

She didn't much care. Her sister was getting married today, to a rich guy with a bright future. Nothing she did today was exactly going to make her the favourite daughter.

She slipped out from between the sheets and got to her feet, naked, just the way she liked it. She wasn't allowed to get drunk here or listen to loud music or watch Netflix, but at least sleeping sans pyjamas was one thing she enjoyed that her parents had long since given up trying to stop her doing. There'd be time to deal with the wedding crap in five minutes, but first she needed to go to the toilet and sit down for a while.

The house's upstairs bathroom was all the way down the hall from Alana's room, so getting from the latter to the former in the morning involved traipsing naked across the entire first floor, something she'd long since gotten used to doing. Unless relatives were staying over, nobody was exactly going to stare at her tits or ass, or the tight little bush between her thighs. She had nothing to be shy about.

Alana didn't bother to close the bathroom door before she sat on the toilet and started to pee. She never closed it while she was on the toilet unless her father came upstairs, which was rare during the day. It felt far more spacious in the tight little closet of a room to leave it open.

As with every morning, her stream was forceful and went on for a long time. It gave her plenty of time to start thinking about the wedding again, a day she'd been dreading for a while. Her twenty-three year old sister already getting married while Alana herself had never had so much as a proper boyfriend- it was enough to bum anyone out. Back at uni, there were all sorts of distractions to take her mind off the upcoming big day, but at home she had nothing.

She felt her morning piss taper off into a little dribble after a while. That freed her up to focus on pushing out something much more urgent. Alana almost moaned out loud as her hole began to open up, and a firm log poked its head out of her.

Someone in her family chose that exact moment to start climbing the stairs, and Alana had to lean forward to pull the bathroom door until it was mostly closed. Her poop slipped back inside her colon from the sudden movement. But nobody said anything, and soon the footsteps were heading back down the stairs after a detour into her parents room.

Alana herself had no problem taking a shit with her family present- it was how she'd done things for most of her life, after all, and she saw no good reason why that should change. But after she'd hit puberty- a late bloomer, Alana hadn't developed boobs or pubes until she was well into her teens- her parents had made it very clear that they wanted her to start keeping her body private. She hadn't really listened; she still slept naked, walked around in the house barely dressed and used the toilet with the door wide open. But on this particular morning she didn't much want to give either parent a reason to get pissed at her, so she indulged their more prudish tendencies just this once.

The log started coming out again then, getting longer and thicker until the widest point had passed through her hole. Alana basked in the feeling. It was a far cry from the involuntary, unstoppable accidents she'd had so many times in the last month. After shitting herself a fair few times she'd forgotten how nice a good poo could be in the mornings.

When she was finished she wiped her arse as always. It took her a good two dozen wipes, as usual, and it hadn't escaped Alana's attention that her mum had stocked up on toilet paper in preparation for her arrival. There was a whole pile of the stuff beside the toilet. She couldn't complain- she'd get through at least a couple of rolls on her own in the few days she'd be back here. It was just the way her body worked, and there didn't seem to be anything she could do about it.

Alana dumped the last of the poopy paper in the bowl and got up, giving the toilet no more than a cursory flush to make sure at least most of it went down. She paid no attention to the skidmarks down the side that had most definitely not been there before she got up. Then she flicked on the shower and crossed back into her room, remembering how long it took the water to warm up here. That was one thing she definitely didn't miss about home when she was in the city- in her flat, the shower water would always come out hot right away.

Those weeks since moving into university had been the first month of Alana's life where she hadn't been walking naked down the corridor outside her room, but she slipped right back into the routine on her first morning back at home, easy as you like. But then came the bit she'd been dreading. She made her bed (roughly enough) and went to her wardrobe, where the dress she'd been forced to wear today was waiting for her, mocking her. She hated the thing with a passion. But her attempts to get out of wearing it had proven utterly fruitless. So she lay it out on the bed. Beside it went a pair of light pink cotton panties and a bubblegum-coloured bra, both of which she'd decided on the night before. A pair of tight, short-cut socks completed the outfit, while her shoes were waiting downstairs.

Anyone who knew Alana knew that this was the kind of outfit she wouldn't be seen dead in unless she had any other choice. The dress was garish pink, which was why she'd chosen the underwear. The only two colours she liked herself in- white and black- were apparently 'not appropriate for a bridesmaid', she'd been told. She'd replied that if she was a bridesmaid she should've been allowed to go on the hen night, but she hadn't received her invite yet.

Alana left the outfit there for now and tried to forget she would soon have to actually put it on. She returned to the bathroom and shut the door, wanting it all to steam up until she could barely see properly. When she stepped under the water, it was already scalding hot. She liked it that way.

While one of the biggest moments of her sister's life crept closer downstairs, Alana let herself soak in the shower and pretend she wasn't going.

####

The rest of the family had been gathered in the living room for hours by the time Alana finally came downstairs to see them. She had no desire to spend any more time than she had to watching grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins fawn over her sister in her wedding dress, nor did Alana care for anyone to spend too long looking at what she was wearing. It only helped a touch that she wasn't the only person being made to don something so disgustingly pink, but nobody else seemed to hate it as much as she did.

After she'd pooped, spent far too long in the shower, got dressed, put on a touch of make-up and then spent twenty minutes on her phone trying to delay the inevitable, Alana dragged herself downstairs, thinking that she risked the ire of her mother if she put it off any longer. In reality, almost nobody paid her any attention when she got downstairs, and she was suddenly quite sure none of them would have noticed if she'd sat in her room for the rest of the morning.

It was almost lunchtime by then, and some of the relatives had seen fit to open the champagne already. The only thing Alana had been looking forward to about this wedding was the alcohol. Seeing some of them starting this early was a stroke of inspiration for her- if she could get tipsy, she might not hate herself quite as much while the rest of the family was singing hymns and hugging like weirdos.

Her own alcohol was in a cupboard at the back of the room, still untouched from before she'd left in the summer, barely opened. It didn't take much sneaking around to go there, under the guise of getting more glasses for the rest of the family. With nobody paying her any attention, it was the easiest thing in the world for Alana to slip the vodka under her dress and hold it in place with a well-positioned hand. Suddenly she hated the dress just a little less; at least it had a use for something.

Alana excused herself and nipped back upstairs, knowing that the rest of the family would just assume she needed the toilet- she still had a reputation for having a small bladder amongst her family, even though in reality she'd grown out of that years before.

She carried her drink with her. Ordinarily her parents would have said something. This was no ordinary day; they were far too busy gushing over her sister to even care. Alana was starting to like the way the morning was going more and more.

Up in her room, she dug around in her bedside table for something she knew must still be in there. It was a big silver flask that had come as a freebie from a cocktail bar earlier that year. She lifted it triumphantly. The thing wasn't exactly discreet, but it was a hell of a lot easier to carry than a bottle of vodka.

Alana felt like a scientist as she tipped the spirit into the flask, stopping just before it overflowed. Then she poured another splash of Smirnoff into the drink she already had and took it back downstairs with her, leaving the bottle hidden in her room to be moved back to its rightful place later. The flask, she found, fit snugly in her pants, and nobody could see the bulge thanks to this ridiculous puffy dress. Downstairs everyone was still going on about Lucy. Alana took a huge swig of her newly-made vodka and orange juice, letting it slide down her throat. She tried to tune out the waffle.

Around midday, the time came to head to the church. Alana would be travelling with her parents, an uncle and a cousin in one car, which suited her just fine because it meant she wouldn't be expected to do any of the talking. Already she felt tipsy when the car pulled away and started south. Maybe, if she kept going like this, it wouldn't be too awful a day after all.

###

The ceremony, which had been just as cringe-inducing as Alana had expected, was drawing to a close at last. And even she had to admit that the turnout was impressive- the groom would have to take all the credit for that, because Lucy barely had anyone there she wasn’t related to. She’d been in this church plenty of times and never seen it so packed. She’d also never wanted to throw up in it before, so there were first times for everything, she supposed. Alana was starting to need to pee from the booze, but it wasn’t exactly urgent yet.

As the newlyweds left down the aisle, presumably overjoyed that neither would have to wear pink tonight, the rest of the guests started filing out behind them. Alana had little choice other than to join the procession, which was heading for the reception venue only half a mile away. Some of the younger men had good-naturedly offered to carry Lucy over the muddy puddles that had formed in that morning’s showers, but Alana was clearly going to have to brave the unfortunate weather like a peasant. If she was lucky she might trip and ruin her dress.

The booze was coming out all over the party now, with waiters serving champagne flutes to guests pretty much the second they stepped over the church ground limits. Alana was more than happy to join in on that front- she picked up her own glass and gulped it down in seconds. She wasn't a fan of fizz sober, but while she walked there getting progressively tipsier it tasted glorious. She wasn't sure exactly how much alcohol she'd had- Alana just knew that it was enough to make her hate the day slightly less, which was all she'd wanted from it anyway.

Not that anyone was noticing, as far as Alana could tell. She'd had enough experience at pretending to be sober around her parents. The trick was to take a deep breath and think about every word before she spoke. Luckily, they didn't think this was anything strange- Alana had always been a slow talker, especially in her teenage years. Some people thought it was because her brain wasn't up to speed, but her parents knew better. They knew that she talked slow because she didn't trust herself not to blurt out anything that might offend someone, particularly when family was around.

She allowed herself to be swept up into the river of relatives and family friends, and before long they were flocking into the venue, an ultra-fancy building that only Lucy's rich new groom could afford. Alana wasn't shocked to be told that her seat wasn't at the main table with her parents. She didn't even want to listen to their lame excuses about her not being available for the rehearsal dinner; the champagne made it hard to care too much about something as stupid as where she was meant to sit. So she found her table, then headed past it to the bar. The other advantage of Lucy marrying into a wealthy family was the gallons of booze they'd arranged to be served to the guests for free. And with her parents sitting miles away there was nobody to disapprove while she drank as much as she wanted.

Alana walked up to the barman, a handsome young-looking man in a waistcoat that she wouldn't have minded taking off. His name tag said Tom.

"You serve doubles?" she asked him when he came over. He shook his head. "Well, let me persuade you. This is my sister's wedding and I just found out I'm not sitting with my family. Oh, and I'm missing a house party for this. There's supposed to be a pool".

"Is that a double vodka or gin?" he asked with a grin.

Alana smiled back. "I like you, Tom," she told him.

###

An hour went by and soon Alana was dying for a piss. Food had been served and eaten, and with it she'd had another drink courtesy of Tom. The more alcohol she poured down her throat, the more it felt like a good idea to pour down more, until she was well and truly drunk. That liquid needed to come out somewhere- her bladder was urging her, begging her to get up and go to the toilet, but she didn't want to go until she'd finished her meal at least. Part of that was just drunken laziness, in truth.

Even after she had finished eating, Alana was forced to squirm and writhe in her seat. Relatives who she hadn't seen in years kept coming up to her wanting to catch up. Some of them she remembered and even liked, but most of them were distant cousins that Alana found she had nothing to say to. None of them seemed to notice that she was clearly desperate to use the bathroom. The trouble was that, even if she could get away, the lines for the restrooms were already long. It looked like there were too many guests for a venue of this size, and the queues to pee were proof of that.

She had heard from an aunt that the speeches would be starting soon, which sounded like a terrible idea to Alana, but it had given her a solid plan: nobody would be rude enough to get up and go to the bathrooms while the bride and groom's family were talking, so the lines would disappear. When the speeches finished she could rush ahead of everyone else and skip the line altogether. It would just take another twenty minutes or so of holding. She could manage twenty minutes... surely?

Just as that aunt (or had it been a great aunt?) had predicted, after a few more minutes the crowd hushed as Alana's dad stood to make his toast. She squirmed her way through his speech, then it was the turn of Lucy. By now, Alana was firmly squeezing her pussy under the table with one hand. She had to. Without that grip, she was sure, it would be impossible to hold it. She felt herself getting closer and closer to an accident while her sister droned on, the desperation intensifying.

She pulled her chair close to the table to try and hide the fact that one hand was up that pink dress, grabbing her crotch. The sudden movement did her in. She felt the palm of her hand turn warm and wet all at once, and couldn't help gasping out loud. She had to get to the bathrooms, and right now. Alana stood up in the middle of Lucy's speech, her chair scraping indiscreetly along the floor. Every eye in the house turned to her... and she was suddenly very aware that she was still holding her pussy. Alana let go, as much as it made her feel like she was about to wet herself.

Drunkenly she squeezed out between the gaps in the tables and into the clearing of the dance floor, but the surface below her had no grip on her fancy shoes and she went sprawling, smashing her knees before she could get her arms all the way up to break her fall. The flask she'd been hiding all day went clattering across polished wood, audibly empty now. Someone gasped. And that dress... the pink dress flew up as Alana went down, until it was practically around her waist. Her long, dark legs were exposed to the world, and so were her pink cotton panties... the ones that now bore a clear sign of the spot where she'd squirted an uncontrollable spurt of piss into them a few seconds earlier.

The impact was too much to withhold. Alana started to piss herself there and then. She tried to command her pussy to shut off, to stop spurting like a fountain, but her muscles seemed useless. Desperately, she grabbed her crotch again and tried to force her urethra closed. That didn't work either, and hot piss simply flowed through the gaps between her fingers as she helplessly massaged her mound.

A puddle of pee was growing on the dance floor below her. She could feel some of it soaking the back of her dress. Some was running down towards her knees. But mostly, worst of all, it saturated her underwear, making the dark lips of her pussy practically free-to-view for anyone who was sitting in front of her... including her stunned, silent sister and their disgusted parents.

The realisation that her cunt was visible now was the thing that finally galvanised Alana to get up and rush out of the room, hand between her legs to try and hold back the rest of the flood.

She couldn't go to the toilets; she knew that now. People would come looking for her and find her right away if she hid in a stall. The first viable option she saw instead looked like a janitor's closet. Alana yanked the door open and found it miraculously unlocked- inside was certainly some kind of broom cupboard, and that would certainly do. Beggars couldn't be choosers. Alana shut herself inside quickly, at least grateful that a tiny, grubby window gave the room some light.

The downside of not going to the toilet was that Alana still had to piss more badly than she could bear. There was only one thing for it- she tore down her soaking underwear and squatted over the janitor's bucket, trying not to sigh with relief as she let the rest of her desperate piss into the plastic. Later she'd need to find a way to empty it without being seen.

It was only then, as she stood there emptying her bladder into a mop bucket after most of it had come out in her pants in front of her whole family, that Alana caught sight of her reflection in the dim on a mirror screwed to the back of the door. Suddenly droplets were welling in her eyes, and she couldn't stop them. She burst into tears before she could even finish peeing. They ran hot and heavy down her cheeks, so much that soon salty water was dripping from her chin to her chest and nestling in that awful pink monstrosity. Alana looked away from the mirror- she hated the way her face looked when she cried, all scrunched-up and blubbery, but she couldn't help it. All she wanted to do now was weep from the shame and anger.

When Alana heard voices- her mother and another aunt- walking down the corridor, she had to muffle her cries. They were looking for her, she knew, but they would never think to open this door if she stayed quiet. The only way this day could get worse is if they found out she'd gone to the toilet in a bucket.

Alana wiped the tears from her face with her dress, already dreading having to put her drenched panties back on again.

###

Alana had missed this feeling. She'd come back to university needing nothing more than to forget the traumatic events of Lucy's wedding, and the girls had suggested a party going on in a flat downstairs that night. Alana had jumped at the chance and gone right out to buy a bottle of gin, needing to get drunk enough that she stopped replaying her public accident in her head. So far she was succeeding. The lights were low, the music was loud and Alana, though thoroughly smashed, hadn't thought about pissing herself in front of her whole family for hours now.

Being drunk in this flat was a strange experience, to say the least. It was identical aesthetically and architecturally to the one she'd lived in for the last month, but the layout was just different enough to confuse Alana, and they didn't have the big window in the kitchen that her flat did either. It also meant that, like her own, this flat didn't have a communal bathroom. One of the guys who lived here had bravely volunteered his own toilet for use by the partygoers. Alana hadn't been since leaving her own bedroom a few hours before, so she slipped out of the kitchen- where most of the action was happening- and went down the corridor. If she remembered right, the toilet to use was the second door on the left.

Alana opened the door to a dark room. Confused, she fumbled for where she knew the light switch should be, found it with her fingers and flicked it on. A topless girl was straddling a man she kind of recognised on the bed, kneeling either side of his waist. The girl's hair dangled over her face just as her firm tits dangled above the man. She looked up when the lights came on, stunned, and suddenly Alana realised that the girl was Megan. She flicked the light off again and backed out, mumbling an apology.

Back in the corridor, now she suddenly saw the line for the bathroom further down that she'd somehow missed in her desperation earlier. She joined the back, just behind a visibly desperate girl. The woman, short and skinny, had her hand between her thighs and her legs crossed over one another. She was bouncing up and down, talking to a boy beside her who was laughing at something she'd said.

The line started out in the hall and snaked all the way into the bedroom, where the toilet sat just inside the door like in Alana's dorm. As she watched, someone emerged from the bathroom. A girl dashed in after him, clearly busting to take a shit. From her eyes, Alana guessed that she was high on something that had made her need an urgent dump. Even over the music Alana heard the girl start loudly pooping through the door, and she couldn't help laughing. The laugh made a few of the other students in the queue look over at her strangely... or had they already been staring?

Alana counted the people still in front of her in line... four... no, five. A ten minute wait if she was lucky. She couldn't be arsed with that- especially not since, now she was standing up, Alana didn't feel like she even had to go anymore. The urge must have passed. So she abandoned the line, leaving the drugged-up girl to ruin that poor guy's toilet, and returned to the party.

Back in the kitchen, it was suddenly too loud for Alana to hear herself think again. That was just the way she liked it. Across the room she saw a guy she'd been flirting with, on and off, for most of the night. Standing taller than anyone else in the room, with a tight, dark fade, her eyes had been drawn to him from the moment she'd walked into the room. He was the best-dressed guy there, as well as probably the only other black student at the whole party. She hadn't got around to asking his name yet, though.

It had been him she was talking to before excusing herself to use the bathroom, and now she was back Alana went straight back over to the tall guy. She felt a rush of arousal wash over herself as she approached him- probably, she knew, because she'd walked in on Megan about to fuck some random boy. Alana was straight as a pencil, but that didn't mean she hadn't been at least a little turned on by the sight of her friend towering over him, pinning him down, heavy boobs pointing at his face.

Alana went right up to her boy, pulled him close and whispered in his ear. "Want to get out of here? My bedroom is only up the stairs".

She didn't get the reaction she'd been hoping for, though. In fact, he looked surprised to see her. "You're back already?"

Alana frowned. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"Yous said you needed the toilet, but you were only gone for a minute. Isn't there, like, a big queue?"

"I don't need to go anymore," Alana grinned, shaking her head.

"Really? You seemed desperate!"

"Nah! I'm fine now!"

Alana leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek, as seductively as she knew how. He seemed to like that. He winked at her and put his mouth by her ear. "Let me just tell my flatmates where I'm going, I'll meet you by the door in a minute".

Alana nodded and left him there, excited to finally get a guy back to her bed. She'd really started to need sex over the last week or so- her fingers could only do so much, and it was hard seeing her friends off pulling guys while she kept on drawing blanks. So she started to head toward the door, planning on finding one of her flatmates who wasn't Megan on the way and telling them where she was going.

It wasn't easy pushing through the hordes of people, and when she finally found some space Alana almost slipped over on a puddle where someone must've spilled a drink onto the floor. She felt damp, too, doubtless drenched in sweat. She could only hope that it wouldn't be a problem for the guy she was about to fuck. If he minded a bit of sweaty odour, she doubted she was the ideal woman for him anyway. Soon she spotted Zoe by the door, holding a drink, and went over to let her friend know she was leaving.

"I'm off," she said, having to lean in close to Zoe to be heard over the music, "I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?"

Zoe was clearly almost as drunk as Alana, and it took her a few seconds to work out what had been said. But when it hit her, she looked surprised. "Already? Why?"

"Got a boy," said Alana with a cheeky grin, "invited him back up to my room, think we're probably gonna do the nasty, if you get my drift".

"Go on!" Zoe said, looking delighted, "well done, mate! I'll tell the others where you're going and then-" She trailed off suddenly, and Alana saw her nose wrinkle up in the dim light. "Do you smell that?"

Alana sniffed the air. Right away she knew exactly what her friend was referring to. There was definitely something stinky nearby- worse than a fart, too. It was strong enough that she was even sure it was coming from someone nearby, noticeable even over the smells of booze, weed and cigarettes. It smelt like...

"Shit," Zoe said, finishing Alana's thoughts. "Someone's had a poo in here! Eww, that's rank".

"Yeah, fuck that," Alana said, "glad I'm getting out of here now".

"Well, good luck anyway," Zoe called as Alana turned to go, "don't do anything I wouldn't!"

"If I didn't do anything you wouldn't I would never get any dick," Alana pointed out with a smirk. For her cheek she earned a playful smack on the arse from Zoe... and suddenly her friend was pulling Alana back, guiding her by the shoulder, away from the door.

"What's up?"

"Wait a second," Zoe said, "you've got a wet bum. Have you sat in something?"

Alana frowned and shook her head. "Not that I know of, I haven't even sat down all night. Someone must've spilled something on me". Zoe started to pat Alana's butt again, feeling both cheeks this time and confirming that both were wet. "Is it on my front, too?"

"I can't see," Zoe admitted. She laughed awkwardly. "Do you mind if I feel your front? I won't try and feel you up, I promise".

Alana didn't mind at all. She trusted Zoe. "Nah, go for it," she said, moving her arms to make it easier to access her pussy and thighs. Soon Zoe was feeling her crotch with the back of her hand. She brought it up to her nose, sniffed, frowned.

"I think you've pissed yourself," Zoe announced.

Alana shook her head. "No, I haven't," she insisted, "I'm pretty sure I would know".

Zoe paused, confused, then extracted her phone from her pocket. Within seconds she had the flashlight on and was aiming it at Alana's bottom half. Alana glanced down. Instantly she realised it was true. She knew exactly what it looked like when she pissed in her jeans, and this was it. Around her feet on the floor was a telltale puddle that could only be her own pee. Suddenly Alana felt ill.

"Turn around," Zoe ordered. Alana was too stunned to do anything other than obey. She felt Zoe's fingers probe her butt again... only this time they weren't touching her butt. This time they were touching something else entirely, something squished up against her bum. The smell...

Zoe leaned in and said something quietly to Alana. "You've shit yourself, mate," she said, "just walk with me and be quick, before anyone else notices you smell".

Alana kept her head down and wordlessly followed her friend out of the room. She passed the guy she had promised to meet, but she couldn't meet his eye to gauge his expression. All she could do was let Zoe lead her into the hallway, trying to absorb the shock. She had filled her pants, and soaked them too, without even realising it was happening. Alana knew she'd been drunk... but this was a new low.

Stunned into silence, Alana let Zoe guide her by the wrist. The light out here was harsh and bright, almost fluorescent in nature. Shame flooded Alana even through her drunkenness. She couldn't believe what she'd done- an accident was one thing, but to not even notice... and if she'd tried to go home and fuck that boy... God, what a mess she had made, both literally and figuratively. It felt like a lot more than two sets of stairs before they arrived at the door to the flat, by which time Alana could feel the wetness on her thighs and the weight of the stinky load she'd done in her pants.

It fell to Alana to extract her room key from her pocket, almost taking her phone out with it. She buzzed them in and Zoe had the presence of mind not to turn on the light, even in pitch darkness that made it hard to see. She understood that the last thing Alana wanted right now was to be visible.

Zoe helped her to strip off. Alana didn't mind being undressed by her friend- in fact, she was immensely grateful for Zoe's wordless understanding and loyalty. Together they carried the messy, soaked clothes over to Alana's laundry basket and dumped them in.

Alana's eyes had adjusted to the darkness enough now that she could make out Zoe's figure through the black. She knew that Zoe could see her nakedness now, but found that she didn't care. A body was only a body, and she doubted Zoe would remember it in the morning. But she hated the idea of her friend missing out on the party for her sake, so she told Zoe to go back and enjoy the rest of the night, giving her a hug of exhausted, embarrassed thanks.

And so Zoe left her there, and the door eventually slammed itself shut again. Alana went to the mirror in her bathroom and grabbed the sponge she usually washed her armpit with. Roughly, and with just a dab of cold water, she started to wipe herself clean. It wasn't easy without a full shower going, but once she seemed to have most of the poop off her thighs and ass she decided it would do.

Alana threw the sponge to the side, started to walk away... and suddenly she was falling, falling onto the cold floor, and everything was turning from dark to black.

The next time Alana opened her eyes, it wasn't dark in the city anymore. Her room was flooded with light from where she'd forgotten to close her blinds, illuminating her mess of a room. She saw the hamper of laundry, sniffed the air and right away remembered what she'd done. In that basked was a pair of pissed-in, shit-on jeans that she had left there before passing out.

Alana was still lying on the cold, hard floor. At some point in the night she'd turned over onto her back, but still she was there- except now she was lying in a puddle of what felt an awful lot like piss. She ran her fingers through soaking, coarse black pubes and across her meaty labia. There was no denying it- she'd pissed on the floor in her sleep. It was going up her back and down her thighs.

Sitting up, feeling tremendously sick, Alana looked between her legs and saw the fattest shit she had ever done sitting there between them. It must have come out while she was passed out, too. She groaned and shifted away from it, hoping it hadn't touched her pussy in the night.

Alana swore out loud. This was going to be a nightmare to clean up.

