Chronicles of Esora

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2019-08-04 02:55

So this is just a short little one-off I've been thinking of for a long time, and finally decided to sit down and write. Since I have other stories like this one, I figured I'd lump them together in a big thread. Whenever I have some random one-off idea, odds are it'll go here. Hope you enjoy!

With a stretch and a yawn, Lina Altor rose from bed. Her back cracked, she yawned again, and with all the enthusiasm of a snail in a race, set about doing her morning stretches. A big part of her morning routine was also to (begrudgingly) do a set of push-ups and sit-ups, but one look at the inn’s dirty, stained floors was all the persuasion she needed not to. She was certain she’d happened upon the most seedy, vile inn in town. Lina was also confident she was the only person to have spent the night there that didn’t take a companion into their bedroom, if the shouts, moans, and floors creaking was any indication.

It was still pretty early, much earlier than she normally awoke; but she was determined to leave this place and find a more… moral place to stay while she took up contracts in the Longmarch. Since she wouldn’t be coming back, she went ahead and put on her armor, since it was difficult to carry otherwise. Dark brown trousers covered her white underwear, and a green tunic covered her chest and arms. Over this went a simple iron breastplate; some small iron shoulderpads; leather gloves with iron plating; and some iron vambraces. All of this covered her dark, tanned skin and lean muscle. Lina knew that many female adventurers and mercenaries were fond of wearing more revealing clothing, or at least shaping their armor to emphasize their more feminine traits, but Lina’s armor was as simple and practical as armor came.

Stopping by the mirror briefly to ensure that her long, wavy hair was not a mess, and that she was otherwise presentable, Lina left disgusting inn, feeling like she was holier woman just for stepping away from it. She was eager to spend her time in the more reputable areas of the town.

###

Nevermind, they’re all crooks, Lina fumed inside her head, Thirteen silvers for breakfast?!

Dejectedly, Lina opened up her coin pouch, the somber jingle of the scant few coins inside more than enough indication that it was outside her price range. “Short on coin, lass?” the tavernkeep asked, having also heard the sounds of poverty coming from her coin pouch.

“Afraid so… ” She pulled out whatever she had inside. “I don’t suppose you could take this and put the rest on my tab?” She held out her hand, in which she held nine silvers.

An angry growling from her stomach betrayed her hunger, which normally would’ve been a little embarrassing, but she could see some sympathy wash over the old man’s face when he heard it. “No tab necessary, lass.” He took the coins from her hand began fixing her a plate of basic foodstuffs, “But take my advice, you might wanna just wanna skip on over to the next town. Reckon any contracts here’ll be taken care of soon enough.”

Lina had almost stopped listening, since the plate of food had stolen her attention, “Why’s that?”

“Some famous hero just rolled into town. Rumor is she’s one of the most talented sorceresses in Esora,” He explained, setting the breakfast down in front of her. “Half the mercs skipped town when she got here, and I hear the Sentinel’s Guild is reserving any well-paying contracts for her.”

“Wonderful… ” Lina groaned, rubbing her eyes. Pushing it out of her mind, and deciding to be thankful for small miracles, she tore into her breakfast.

###

Lina could hardly see the white stone buildings and cobblestone roads through the throngs of people out and about. It didn’t take long before she caught on to what they were all talking about.

“I heard Gleaming Maya killed a wyvern with one arrow!” A young boy shouted to his friends, much to their amazement.

“She’s so gorgeous, she can’t walk ten feet without someone proposing!” A girl said, eliciting giggles from her friends.

“She knows more about magic than anyone! My uncle told me that every king in the land tries to hire her as their court mage, but she always turns them down!” Some guy said to a large group of travelers. He was talking about this hero like she was already the town’s biggest tourist attraction.

I’ve never heard of “Gleaming Maya”, Lina thought, trying to recall any tales about about this legendary hero.

After a few more minutes of walking, a brilliant explosion snapped the young knight out of her reverie. Like fireworks, little arrows flew into the air before exploding into magical, glittery dust. After a second, the sparks and colors began rearranging themselves, and resolved into a mosaic-like depiction of a woman with a bow standing before an orc army, ready to trample her. A large audience was gathered around the light show, oooing and awwing at the display, but they gasped and went quiet at the visage of the lone hero facing down certain death.

“But, as you may have guessed, this would not be the end of Gleaming Maya!” A young woman called out, evidently the sorceress performing the light show. Lina had no romantic interest in women, but even she had to admit that this woman was beautiful. Her skin, pale and without a single blemish, was lovingly shown off by her rather revealing attire. Her chest was covered only by a tight, blue garment that was only a little more fabric than just a bra. Likewise, her enchanting thighs were bared by her “pants”, which looked to Lina like nothing more than blue panties. From both of these articles, numerous gold bangles hung down, hypnotically swinging and swaying as the mage moved her body in rhythmic motions to keep the magic going. Her hair was the most perfect shade of golden-blonde Lina had ever seen, and her strikingly green eyes were easily visible, even from such a distance.

“Indeed,” She continued with her story, “This would only be the beginning of one of my finest adventures!” Ah, Lina realized, So that’s Gleaming Maya in the flesh, huh? The floating sparkles shifted once again, and turned into a scene of Gleaming Maya vanquishing the warlord leading the orc army with only a single, brilliant arrow. “Seeing their leader fall, the orcs were shaken, and I used this opportunity to perform my favorite spell!” She sent up another magical arrow, and in a flash the scene had changed to a vista of orcs running in terror as Maya’s arrows landed on the ground, exploding into gigantic, calamitous fireballs. “The orcs had been driven back, but not defeated. With the city safe, I returned to the king, and said ‘Your majesty! That is twice now I have saved your kingdom from certain destruction! You must listen to me now, and rally your armies, or the orcs will surely be the death of you!’”

The crowd cheered. Nothing excited the common people more than a king getting called an idiot.

“With an army of knights at my back, I-” She was cut off by the sound of a horrifyingly deep growl, and several people screaming. All eyes looked to the road leading towards a nearby forest, from which a colossal wolf monster had emerged, and was bounding towards the crowd. Lina quickly drew her longsword, and ran to meet the beast. It moved at blinding speeds, and Lina could tell it would be upon the crowd before she could stop it.

Could she even stop it? The creature was easily twice her height, and had a jaw that could snap her in half. Lina’s heart pounded with fear. The crowd devolved into a chorus of screaming, fleeing people, each trying to push through the impenetrably thick to get to safety. It had been so densely packed that now, in the chaos, nobody could properly move. At the very least, most of the people who’d been on the outskirts of the audience had pushed in enough to get out of the wolf’s immediate path.

All save for one young woman, who’d fallen her butt, paralyzed with terror. A puddle was very rapidly spreading underneath her, soaking the back of her cream colored skirt. It spread around her in unpredictable directions, curving around the cobblestones below her. Pushing herself as hard as she could, Lina managed to reach the woman first, and positioned herself between her and the charging monster. It drew closer and closer, and Lina levelled her sword, preparing to strike. When it saw that it now had a challenger, the wolf howled so loudly it hurt her ears.

“Everyone! Shield your eyes!” The familiar voice of Gleaming Maya commanded. Sparing a second to turn and look at the sorceress, Lina saw her floating in the air as if it were the simplest, most natural thing in the world. She held out her hand, and, beckoned from who-knows-where, a spectacular bow materialized from a green light. She quickly but powerfully drew back the string, willing into existence a gleaming green arrow. Letting it loose, it soared through the air at incredible speed, leaving a trail as it flew. Before the wolf even knew what hit it, it was vaporized and reduced to so many glittering sparks in the air.

Lina just stood there dumbfounded. If this Gleaming Maya could do that, it was no wonder she was so respected here. “Are you all right, miss?” she heard Maya ask behind her, reminding her that there was a woman she was trying to protect behind her. Turning around, she saw Maya helping the terrified woman to her feet. The poor thing’s face was a mess of tears, and burning bright red. No one could judge her for having lost control of her bladder at a time like that, but she was clearly still humiliated. As the adrenaline rush of being charged by a monster, and then watching that monster explode wore off, the young lady quickly became the center of attention. A number of people snickered, some looked on in sympathy, and many averted their eyes.

“Don’t worry about it,” Maya said, placing a hand on the woman’s shoulder, “This kinda thing happens, but I’ve got a fix,” She waved her hand for a second, and then snapped her fingers. With a flash of light, the woman's skirt instantly dried, bearing no trace of the accident.

Lina’s mind quickly wandered to many instances throughout her life where a “hide wetting” spell would’ve come in handy. The young woman moved her legs a little, clearly gauging to see if she was truly dry. The look of surprise and disgust on her face answered her question. Maya put her arm around the woman's shoulder, and whispered conspiratorially, “I could only make it look dry, love. You’ll need to get changed before an hour’s up or it’ll wear off,” She nodded in reply, and with a little shove from Maya, sped off towards her home.

And then she turned to Lina. “And now, everyone, let’s have a hand for our fearless friend here! If I hadn’t been here, I daresay you would’ve been in good hands!” The audience cheered and clapped appreciatively, even though Lina hadn’t actually done anything. Nonetheless, she smiled and waved at the crowd. She thought she should’ve said something, but Lina had never been good with crowds.

Gleaming Maya resumed her performance, the crowd practically showering her with money, now. Lina turned to walk down the path into the forest. It may be dangerous, but she’d need food when she traveled to the next town, and she certainly wasn’t about to buy any here.

An uncomfortable feeling graced her privates as she walked, and only then did she realize that Maya’s remark about her being fearless was pretty ironic. Lina hadn’t even noticed, but she’d leaked a good bit of urine into her panties during the whole ordeal. Groaning in annoyance as her day just got worse, she trudged on down the path.

Curiously, she noted that the wolf monster had seemingly left no footprints.

###

Maya was happy to see that her audience had more than doubled after the wolf attack. The entire street was flooded with people excitedly listening to her tales and watching her magical performance. But two whole had passed since the attack, and she was tired, her voice hoarse, her bladder and bowels full. It was time to wrap things up.

“Ladies and gentlemen, I thank you dearly for you attention and your donations,” She happily regarded the pile of gold and silver coins littering the area near her stage, “But it’s time for me to get some rest. I’ll be here tomorro-” A terrifying howl cut her off.

Her eyes went wide, and her heart nearly stopped. Everyone looked to see a hulking figure, far larger than the last, emerging from the forest. The audience was on edge, murmurs of panic surging through the mass of people. That is, until someone shouted “You’ve got this, Maya!” Just like that, the audience’s fear turned into joyous excitement. They were eager to watch her slay another problem. There was only one complication…

This wolf was real.

Nobody knew, but Maya was only an illusionist. She only conjured an illusory monster into existence so she could “vanquish” it, and become a hero to the people.

Unlike her fake one, this one approached slowly, analyzing its prey. She stepped forward as the crowd took up a position safely behind her. Maya thought she might puke.

It’s okay… I’ll think of something. Maybe if I just… Shoot it with a light arrow, it’ll get scared and run off!

Suppressing her trembling, she held out her hand, and once more summoned her bow. Drawing back the string, and forming the magic arrow, she loosed it. The people cheered and screamed as the arrow flew, struck the wolf, and created a blinding explosion. The cheers abruptly ended, though, when the light faded and the wolf remained, dazed and angered, but very much unharmed.

It resumed its slow trot, stepping closer and closer to Maya. “It’s a demon!” Someone shouted. Maya tried desperately to think of something to do- anything. Her mind was going blank, and her body wouldn’t move. There was a sound of splashing water, and Maya glanced downwards to see a strong stream of urine falling from her skimpy pants. The crotch bore a growing stain, and she was sure she felt it spreading around her butt, too. Some of the urine coursed down her thighs in streams, winding around her legs before running into her shoes. The puddle she was standing in expanded quickly.

Her knees buckled inwards, pressing against one another. She bowed her legs slightly, and felt her bowels empty in terror. With a wet crackle, her shorts, which had previously contoured to her butt perfectly, bulged violently. Tinting slightly brown, the bulge grew and grew, until it looked as though she had an apple resting in her underpants.

All of this, she was depressingly aware, occurred directly in front of a massive crowd. She could hear cries of shock and insults, but mostly the people seemed to realize that this thing was about to kill them all, and panic set in once more.

I’m gonna die, Maya thought, feeling tears sting her cheeks, I messed myself in front of everyone and now I’m gonna die!

Taken over by despair, she fell down on her rear, splashing in the cooling puddle of her own pee. Her mess squished under her, spreading across her butt. The colossal wolf monster drew in, baring its fangs, and preparing to go in for the kill.

###

Lina had a feeling something was wrong. The howl of another monster only hastened her decision to return to town. Maya was clearly skilled at illusion magic, considering her impressive light shows and ability to hide the woman’s wetting. And the wolf had behaved quite strangely. She’d seemed nice enough, but Lina just knew something wasn’t right.

Upon returning, and seeing Maya wet and soil herself, she knew she was right. Whether or not Maya had, indeed, just made an illusion of a wolf monster, its howl was real enough, and it attracted a much meaner one.

But that was unimportant. Working as quickly as she could, Lina drew her hunting bow, prepared an arrow, and fired. It struck the wolf just below the eye, getting its attention pretty quickly. It turned to face her with blinding speed, and Lina dropped the next arrow she’d grabbed, and felt a jet of hot piss spill into her panties. After fumbling for a second more, she just threw the bow aside, and grabbed her longsword. Hardly an ideal weapon to fight a monster eight times your size, but she was hardly in a position to be picky.

It charged her, and she prepared to slash and roll away. One it was close enough, she swung with all her might, and struck the beast on the jaw. It yelped in pain. She attempted to roll to get away, but was caught in the middle of the action by a paw the size of her entire body. It sent her tumbling through the dirt before she landed on her back, so dizzy she could hardly think. She attempted to stand up, but the wolf was upon her almost immediately, pinning her down with one massive paw placed over her chest. Were it not for her armor, it would’ve crushed her.

The wolf loomed over hear, lowering its gargantuan maw down to take her head off in a single bite. She pushed, struggled, and tried to resist, but the thing was holding her down easily, not even fazed. Terrified out of her mind, Lina felt the all too familiar sensation of mess pressing against her. She’d started to soil herself, and hadn’t stopped. The seat of her pants bulged out lightly, but the tightness of the garment forced her mess to spread.

Just as she was sure the life-ending bite was near, the wolf jumped back, and began growling. Taking the opportunity, Lina rose to her feet. Upon standing, the weight of her soiling dragged her pants down a little, but she ignored it. The wolf was lowering its head, and looked angry, but not at her. Confused, she turned around, only to be graced with the sight of an enormous bear approaching the wolf. She felt a little more mess come to rest in her pants before she spotted Maya, who was clearly performing an illusion spell, judging by her rhythmic movements.

She’s giving me a chance to kill it!

The wolf and bear circled each other for a moment, meanwhile Lina quickly and quietly approached the beast that was actually real. With a frightening surge of movement, the wolf leapt upon the bear, only for it to explode in a dazzling burst. Shutting its eyes against the bright light and stumbling backwards in shock, Lina took her chance to strike. Sprinting just below its neck, she slashed her sword, slicing open the beast’s throat. With a gurgling roar, it thrashed around, spewing blood every which way, before finally collapsing.

She knelt down, panting hard to catch her breath. After a moment, raucous cheers sounded from behind her, and the crowd that had once been adoring Maya was now surrounding her. Lina took a little comfort in seeing just how many skirts and pairs of pants were soaked or soiled. Through a break in the crown, Lina saw Maya hurrying down a small alleyway between buildings.

“Sorry, let me through,” She said as she forced the people apart so she could pass. She wanted to speak with Maya, but she also wanted to distance herself from the crowd before anyone noticed the massive load in her pants. Following down the same path the illusionist had taken, she found her sitting in a secluded little nook, crying.

Lina opened her mouth to speak, but couldn’t find the words right away. Maya looked up at her for a second, before quickly veering away, “I know, I’m a liar and a coward. I’ll leave town now.”

“I take it you’ve never fought real monsters before.”

“No, all my stories are just stories. I’m just a pants-wetting coward.”

“... So was I.” Lina blushed as she said.

“Huh?”

“I used to wet myself all the time when I was new to this. Half the time, I didn’t even last to the fight- just seeing a monster was all it took. I couldn’t tell you how many times I’ve crapped my pants, either.”

Maya considered this for a second, before shaking her head, “You’re still not a liar.”

“No, I guess I’m not. But do you know what I am?”

“What’s that?”

“Alive,” She crouched down, ignoring the squish of her mess, and looked Maya in the eyes, “I’m alive, because you were brave when you needed to be. If you were really some coward and a sham, you would’ve run and left me, but you didn’t. You stayed, and helped me. Because of that, I’m alive.”

The faintest glimmer of hope returned to the young mage’s face, “I… I guess so. But… How am I gonna live this down? People almost got hurt, I- I… messed, in front of everyone… ”

“Do you think I haven’t? I’ve soiled myself in front of a bunch of people, too. Had to kill a monster for them, and I wound wishing it had killed me instead when I turned around, and everyone could see stains on my legs.”

Even through her tears, Maya chuckled lightly.

“Listen, I’m heading to the next town in the Longmarch, looking for some mercenary work. Would you like to come with me, at least just till we reach the place?”

“I… I think I’d like that, thank you… But first, we should probably-”

The barking of a dog startled both of them, and after the ordeal they’d just been through, it sounded much too similar to a wolf for either of their likings. For Lina, the strength with which she’d been holding her bladder finally failed, and her brown trousers darkened between her thighs. The stain grew and the pee flowed down her legs, mostly down her left, where it went all the way down and spilled out into a puddle around her boot. The stain on her right leg reach down to her knee. Having already soiled herself, Lina made no attempt to hold it.

“... Probably get changed, I was saying.” Maya was smiling at the absurdity of what just happened. Lina knew from experience that humiliation like this took a long time to get over, but she was happy to help… even if it meant pissing herself.

“Before we go… Can you still do that spell to make us look dry?”

*004*2019-12-05 06:01

Here's the next one-shot.

“Just a little more… ” Claire muttered, as she dropped a series of varied ingredients into little runic circles she’d etched into a section of her floor. The components necessary for this ritual seemed almost completely random to her, but she’d never been one to question the books. A snip of fox hair here, seven grapes there, and one of the most complicated runes she’d even seen encircling all of it. It had taken nearly a week to carve the symbol and gather the ingredients, but if it worked, it would all be worth it.

Opening her spellbook to the proper page, she readied herself to read the incantation when she noticed the dust and dirt adorning her robe. She wanted to look presentable for her guest, and began brushing away any offending patches of dust. She straightened her long, brown hair. She adjusted her glasses. Last but not least, she donned her witch hat, to make a proper first impression.

Clearing her throat, she began to read the inscription from her spellbook. They were old, eldritch words that did not roll off of her human tongue very easily. Slowly but surely, Claire could feel an energy begin to permeate the room. The various offerings placed inside the rune circle sank into the floor as if it were a viscous pool. The circle’s center shimmered, and tinged dark red: the color of the plane it reached into.

A pair of glowing pink eyes peered at her from the other side, and then their owner was drawn through. Silhouetted against the light of the portal, Claire couldn’t make out very many features of her visitor’s body. It was female, judging by its slender frame. She had tall, slightly curved horns that rose high above her head. Large wings, like those of a bat, sprang from her back. Her eyes, still glowing a bright pink, watched her curiously.

When the summoning finally concluded, and the light returned to normal, Claire could finally appraise her guest. She was somewhat smaller than Claire, herself, her horns only barely making up the difference. Her skin was a deep red, her long and wild hair pitch black. Tattoo-like markings covered much of her exposed arms and legs.

… And thighs and midriff and ample cleavage, Claire noticed with a blush. The creature wore what could only be accurately described as black panties and a sort of corset that covered most of her breasts, but left the tops of them and her midriff exposed.

The horned visitor smiled, and looked at Claire expectantly. “So… ” Claire finally said, keeping her gaze above her chest, “Can I assume your clothes did not survive the summoning?”

The guest laughed impishly at this. “Oh dear!” She said, looking down at her bust and thighs in mock embarrassment, “How humiliating! I’ve arrived before my new master without any clothes!” She leaned back, and covered her face with the back of her hand, pretending to faint, “Oh, woe is me! Woe is poor Pereni!” The young woman stressed her words in a sensual manner that Claire found quite uncomfortable.

“Well, I suppose it doesn’t matter; nobody’s actually going to be seeing you out here,”

The visitor, “Pereni,” evidently, seemed genuinely distressed when she heard this. “Huh? Do you mean there’s no one else around here but you or me?”

“You’re in my cottage, which is hidden in the wilderness, quite a distance from the nearest settlement. I’d wager it will be quite some time before either of us sees anyone else.”

Pereni seemed crestfallen for a moment, before her eyes widened with apparent realization, and she smiled, “My, my, Master, but you’re certainly demanding! You’re saying we have days, maybe even weeks of privacy? Just the two of us, together?” She stepped forward, and pressed her body against Claire’s. “Why, I don’t know if I have the stamina for that, but I’ll certainly try… ”

Claire’s cheeks burned bright red, and she found herself momentarily stunned. This was not the stately, regal, gentleman of the Nether she’d meant to summon! She required assistance with her work, and felt sure that this… sex gremlin would be of no help whatsoever. Worse still was that she’d accidentally summoned a succubus. Claire had no interest in bedding women. If it had been an incubus, it would’ve at least been useful for stress relief.

In an almost literal way, Pereni’s touch was electric. Part of her succubus magic ensured that any… interaction with her would always be far more pleasurable than similar congress with members of one’s own species. Ignoring it, Claire slowly but sternly pushed the woman away from her. She cleared her throat, and then issued her first command to her new servant, “P-Pereni, I haven’t summoned you to partake in… that.”

“What?” The red-skinned woman was actually shocked by the rejection, “Then why did you summon me?”

“I really didn’t mean to summon you at all. I was attempting to call out to an elder sorcerer for assistance with a matter of utmost importance.”

“Wha- Well, then send me back!”

“I’m afraid I can’t. I used special runes in the summoning circle to bind you to my service until my work is done.”

Pereni stared at Claire in open-mouthed terror, “You… You mean… I’m stuck here?! I’m stuck here with no one else but you?! And you don’t want to fuck me?!” Practically alone, and nothing to couple with in sight, Claire supposed this truly must be torture for a succubus.

“It would seem that way, yes.” Pereni groaned and crossed her arms in frustration. “I really am sorry, Pereni, I had no intention to trouble you. Tell you what, if you can still help me, we can finish my project together and you’ll be able to head home in no time.”

“... Fine… ” The succubus begrudgingly agreed.

“Excellent, then let’s get to work. This potion isn’t going to brew itself.”

###

“Explain it to me again, please?”

Claire groaned. Four times, she’d had to explain the nature of her experiment to Pereni. “Last time I’m saying it. Magic is very difficult to do; it requires years and years of hard work to be able to do even simple magic. I’ve modified some recipes for enhancement potions- like strength and speed tonics- and I’m trying to get them to permanently endow the imbiber with the ability to cast specific, powerful spells.”

“What, you want a bunch of half-baked mages running around with high tier spells?” Pereni raised her eyebrow in confusion as she gently stirred the bubbling contents of a large cauldron that contained Claire’s nascent miracle potion.

“No, I want to drink all the goods ones, and then make a ton of money selling the mediocre ones to the wastrels who couldn’t cut it in the sorcery academies.”

Pereni’s face lit up, “Ooooh! That’s actually kinda devious! Why didn’t you open with that? Now I’m excited to help you.” In truth, it sounded worse than it really was. Claire already knew many of the advanced spells that could be made this way, and she just happened to be aware of who her biggest customers would be.

“That’s good to hear, now… ” She flipped open her very thick and weathered journal in which she’d recorded all of her previous failed attempts to concoct this potion, “I think I’ve narrowed it down to the point I’m only missing a couple key ingredients to get this to work.”

Almost as soon as she finished the sentence, Pereni nudged her aside and began reading from her notes, shouting “Lemme see!” She perused them for a short moment before declaring, “Ah! I know exactly what’s missing!”

“You do?” Claire asked incredulously.

“I’m a high-ranking denizen of the Nether, Mistress, this is childsplay to me.”

“Please do not call me ‘mistress’.”

Pereni puffed out her cheeks and glared sharply at Claire, “None of my other clients minded when I called them that, Miss Killjoy.” The succubus muttered some quiet, magical words, and held out her hand. In a flash of light, a strange, alien fruit appeared, and she gripped it gingerly. “It’s no wonder you couldn’t figure it out, Mistress, the ingredient you need is called netherbloom. Wanna take a guess at the only place it grows?”

“The Nether?”

“The Nether,” Pereni confirmed, dropping the fruit into the cauldron. The liquid shifted from green to a sickly pink, and the smell was far too sweet for Claire to have any hope of the brew tasting tolerable. “Go ahead, give it a try!”

Using a spoon to extract some of the liquid, Claire brought it close to her lips. Before she drank it, she looked to her new servant suspiciously, “You know that if this kills me, your purpose will never be completed, and you’ll stay here forever, right?”

“Mistress, I am offended! I promise you that if I wanted to kill you, it would be in a far more… entertaining manner… ” Pereni narrowed her eyes and licked her lips.

Preparing for the worst, Claire drank the spoonful of liquid, and was upset to discover how right she was about not thinking it would taste good. It tasted like chalk that had been laced with sugar. She took a second to thank the universe that she wasn’t born in the Nether, where this kind of stuff was what counted as food. Once she’d forced it down, she began inspecting her body for any changes. She noted with some trepidation that Pereni was watching excitedly.

A slight tingle began in her chest, and worked its way down to her stomach. She marvelled at this feeling, wondering if she’d at last found the missing piece of the puzzle. Then, however, the tingle turned into a painful cramping sensation. She winced at the feeling, and clutched her gut. Then the cramp became an urge, and a very desperate one at that. It happened so quickly that Claire barely had time to register what the sensation was, at least until she felt a different sensation in her underwear.

Her butt had suddenly become warm and sticky, and she then became cognizant of the fact that she was filling her panties. Her mess rushed out of her, noisily bulging out her underwear underneath her robe. Her waste just kept flowing out of her, until there was well and truly nothing left to expel. Her panties sagged downwards, and there was hardly a movement she could make that wouldn’t cause it to squish against her. Pereni erupted in laughter.

“Oh deary me!” The succubus managed to say in between her laughs, “I’ve forgotten that humans aren’t supposed to eat netherbloom! Oh silly me!” She smiled smugly, looking right into Claire’s eyes.

“You little runt… ” Claire struggled to say, her voice strained.

“Now you listen here, lady!” Pereni used her wings to float a few feet into the air, to seem taller than Claire, “I didn’t ask you to summon me! I can’t help with your magic drink, and I don’t want to! If you weren’t such a crappy mage, this wouldn’t have been a problem for either of us,” She smirked when she said the word “crappy.”

“I’m gonna… ” Claire said, but could hardly move as the pain in her stomach intensified.

“You’re gonna sit there and crap your pants for the next fifteen minutes, Miss Killjoy,” She pointed her thumb at her chest, “Me? I’m gonna go have some fun while you find the answers to this stupid project of yours alone,” She landed, and ran for the door. “Don’t wait up!” She called out as it slammed behind her.

Claire could only watch before falling to her knees. She guessed that Pereni was a younger succubus, and didn’t know the danger she was in. It was quite unwise for netherlings to stray from their summoner; countless people had very lucrative careers centered around hunting them. One as… hyper as Pereni would not last long.

Mustering her willpower, Claire swiped her hands in a pattern in front of her, until they glowed a bright green. Bringing her hand to her chest, the healing energy surged through her, quelling the effects of the toxic brew. What it didn’t cure was the load resting in her underpants. She cringed as she stood. Claire knew that Pereni was about to get herself killed, and she knew that she had to hurry, but… The feeling of it was very disgusting. She could hardly bear to walk to her room to change, let alone leave her house in that state.

She would go and bring Pereni back, just as soon as she had on clean panties.

###

Pereni chuckled and giggled for several minutes as she glided away from Claire’s house. The look on that snobby little mage’s face when she started soiling herself was priceless. Although her mirth soon faded when she realized that Claire wasn’t lying about them being in the middle of absolutely nowhere. They were on a cliff with a sheer drop on one side, and forest on the other. She thought she might see a town in the far distance, past the sheer drop, but it was too far for her to fly in a single day.

In fact, it seemed as though anywhere was too far for her to fly in a single day. There looked to be nothing for miles around, and she had nowhere to sleep. Nothing to eat. No one to eat. Realizing her predicament, she came to stop, and tried to recall any magic that might help her. “Ahhh, why did I never pay attention when the pit fiends were teaching infernal magic?” She cursed herself. Figuratively, not literally- she skipped curse classes, too. “Oh!” She exclaimed, remembering one particularly handy spell. A succubus matriarch once taught her a trick vampiric creatures used to find prey.

She brought her hands together, and uttered some ancient, dark words. When she pulled her hands apart, a purple ball floated in the air where they had been. A spike grew out of the ball, pointing in the direction she had just come from- it was tracking Claire. Disappointed, she inspected the other sides of the orb. She was ready to give up when she noticed a tiny little bump pointing off into the woods. Two tiny little bumps. “Jackpot!” she said, speeding off towards her prospective targets. She hoped very dearly that they had food.

###

Pereni was exhausted when she finally came upon the travelers. She kept her distance, and watched them for a while. It was two women. One of them looked quite a bit more experienced than the other. The more experienced one wore some old leather armor and gray pants. A bow was slung over one shoulder, and a hefty backpack that Pereni was sure had to have food in it somewhere rested on the ground next to her. Her companion seemed rather dainty by comparison. She wore a simple tunic and traveling pants, and the only weapon she seemed to have on her was a little dagger.

As a succubus, Pereni needed gratification as well as food in order to survive, and she couldn’t help but wonder if she might be able to knock out both needs at once. Watching the two women, one of them said something that elicited a warm smile from the other, and they embraced each other with a quick hug and kiss. Pereni cursed quietly. If they’d just been friends, she could possibly have bedded one or even both of them; the fact that they were a couple- and a happy one at that- meant it would be much harder to seduce them. More experienced succubi took great pleasure in tempting the most dedicated partners into sleeping with them, but Pereni was not nearly skilled enough to do so. She’d just have to settle for food. Should be easy enough.

Formulating a plan, Pereni realized that she’d have to rely solely on deception, as she never bothered to learn any real combat magic. The woman with the bow looked like trouble, so she’d have to really lay on the illusion spells to chase them off. Lucky for her, even the laziest succubus possessed an incredible knowledge of illusion magic.

Imagining herself as a much taller, more imposing figure; clad in spiked, black armor (still skimpy, though; some habits don’t die); and wielding a wicked sword with jagged edges, she cast the spell. A purple light shone through the brush, no doubt catching the attention of the young couple.

“Wha-” The more skilled of the two scrambled for her bow, “Who’s there?!” She called.

With a graceful, mature stride, Pereni emerged from the shadows. Her illusion spell had made her appear as a matriarch- a far more powerful and dangerous creature. The look on both the human women’s faces was proof enough that it had worked. The armored one was clearly unnerved, and the smaller one was shivering. “My, my,” Pereni began, her voice made to sound more intimidating than she could naturally pull off, “What do we have here? Two lost little runts?”

“Stay back, whatever you are!” The archer commanded, drawing back her bowstring. She was clearly aiming for Pereni’s head.

“Foolish human,” Pereni intoned, “You aren’t going to hurt me with that little toy,”

“‘Little toy,’ huh?” The archer launched her arrow. As Pereni had planned, it soared through her illusory head- more than a foot above her actual head, which was hidden by the spell. To the humans, the attack appeared to have been completely ineffective. They couldn’t see Pereni’s actual face, with her eyes wide in alarm. Nor could they see her actual panties, now dampened by a short spurt of pee.

Swiftly regaining her composure, Pereni spoke, “A fine attempt, I suppose.” The succubus lifted her conjured sword, as if preparing for a strike. Ooh! Better idea! She thought, as she altered her illusion slightly to make the blade of the sword erupt into flames.

The archer reached for another arrow, but fumbled terribly, and dropped it. She took a frightened step back, bumping into her friend that hid behind her. The smaller woman steadied her, but both were clearly only moments from fainting. If there was one thing Pereni could do, it was illusion magic. She took another step towards the couple. Both of them were shaking. A hissing sound filled the air, and Pereni smirked, expecting to see a spreading stain on the smaller woman’s pants.

She was surprised then, when she noticed the pee streaming from the cuffs of the archer’s trousers. Given their leather make, no wetness showed on the outside, but she was most certainly urinating hard into them. Droplets, streams, and twin rivers spilled out of her pants, loudly splashing onto the now wet dirt under her.

“Ha ha! And here I thought you were the brave one, dear,” Pereni taunted. The archer’s face burned red when she realized what she’d done. With her unoccupied hand, she grabbed at her crotch, and squeezed her thighs together. Pee continue to flow unabated into her pants. Pereni drew close enough to whisper into the woman’s ear, “You know, if you start running now, you just might make it… ”

As the words reached them, the two women, mute with fear, turned and sprinted as fast as they could. Pereni’s eyes went wide when she noticed the large bulge in the back of the daintier woman’s pants. Maybe Ms. Archer won’t be so embarrassed after all, huh? She did not envy that the woman had to run to… wherever it was they were running in such heavily soiled panties.

“Do all humans just mess themselves at the drop of a hat?” The succubus wondered aloud. Once she was sure the humans were gone, she practically dove towards the backpack they’d left behind. Ripping it open, she rifled through its contents until she came upon a small loaf of bread. She tore into it, not taking the time to relish the bites.

###

“Meredith! Meredith!” The paladin heard her name called. She recognized the voice, too. Sure enough, she emerged from her tent to see the two new recruits running towards her. Their faces were pale, and they looked absolutely terrified.

“Where were you two?” Meredith demanded, as soon as they reached her. She sniffed the air, “And what is that stench?”

“Mere… dith… ” The recruit with a bow panted, still catching her breath.

“Did something attack you? I remember giving you both specific instructions not to leave this campsite without supervision.”

“Demon… in the woods… ” The other woman replied.

Meredith’s face hardened, and she gripped the handle of her sword, “Is there, now?”

###

“Man, this girl’s such a little softie,” Pereni mused, as she flipped through a small diary she’d found in the backpack. She sat on a pile of stuff that fell out when she’d upended the backpack onto the ground, lazily flipping through the pages. It was also full of little anecdotes and recordings of random things that happened to her. It was also inundated with lovey-dovey trite about her girlfriend that made Pereni gag.

Pereni’s giggling stopped when she reached the most recent section. The woman had written about her involvement with a paladin. Apparently she and her partner were to begin to apprentice under a holy knight. That sparked some worry in the young succubus’ heart; paladins were bad news. She’d never truly fought with mortals before, but every demon knew to fear the paladins. Her worry got the better of her, and she once again cast her spell to track nearby people.

Performing the short incantation, the orb once again levitated above her hand. As she feared, there was a spike indicating someone’s presence, and not too far from her. “Huh?” She muttered when the orb spun, the spike pointing in a different direction. It spun again, and then began to constantly tilt and turn, the spike shrinking and growing. Something was interfering with her magic.

Her throat suddenly felt quite dry. Maybe… Maybe Claire’s house isn’t such a bad place to stay after all…

She spread her wings, and lifted herself a few feet into the air, rejuvenated by the stolen food she’d eaten. She was pretty sure she remembered the way back. She just needed to get there before-

“Hello there, demon.” A stern and rather unfriendly voice called out.

Pereni covered her mouth to suppress a scream of surprise. She spun around in the air, facing a human woman in silver armor. She was tall- very tall. Pereni was short for her age, sure, but this goliath woman stood about twice as tall as her. Long hair so blonde it was nearly stark white hung down to her back. Her body was completely hidden under her armor, but even so, Pereni could tell that woman had quite a bit of muscle to boast.

“Um, hello there, miss… ” Pereni struggled to hide her fear, but after only a moment, her fear gave her an idea. With a quick flourish, she landed, and cast another spell. Her appearance shifted once again, to that of a frail human woman. Pouring extra magic into the spell, it would also mess with the head of anyone who saw her, causing them to forget that she was ever anything but what the illusion made her look like. She put on her best scared-and-innocent look, “Please don’t hurt me, miss!”

The paladin narrowed her eyes, then scoffed at Pereni’s disguise. She waved her hand, as if parting a curtain, and the disguise faded away just like that. Pereni quickly inspected her body, verifying that she was back to her red-skinned, horned self. The paladin advanced, drawing her sword. Shit! Shit! Shit! Pereni began to panic internally, trying to think of what to do next. She’d excelled at scaring people earlier, and decided upon trying to scare her attacker away.

Using the last of her magic, she cast the most disturbing illusion she could think of. Her body contorted, twisted, and transformed into a vile, demonic monstrosity. “Well, little knight, if you’re so eager to see what I truly look like, I’d be happy to oblige-”

The paladin extended her unarmed hand outwards, towards the succubus. Golden light erupted from her palm, striking Pereni like a divine hammer. Her illusion was dispelled instantly, and she was thrown through the air. She landed on her back, dazed and aching. She tried to rise, but was swiftly forced back down by a concentrated stream of holy energy. Like fire, it burned, and Pereni could do little but scream and writhe in pain.

“My name is Meredith Eyne, and I will be your end, you vile thing.” The paladin, Meredith, decreed. She strode forward, still smiting Pereni with holy magic. Meredith’s sword radiated deadly energy. Just looking at the weapon, Pereni swore she could feel the sword just wanting to kill her.

Her bladder voided in her fear, spraying piss onto herself. Given that she only wore a pair of black panties, there was little to conceal her accident. Her underwear was saturated almost immediately, and a strong stream ran through them. She still was rolling around from the pain of the spell, sending waves of pee over each of her thighs in turn, and causing her to splash around in the steadily growing pool of her own urine.

At last, the pain came to an end as Meredith lowered her hand. “Have you no dignity, monster? Netherlings are meant to be made of pride.”

Pereni hardly listened, being too relieved that the barrage of scathing magic had ended. Her senses returned to her, and she reopened her eyes. Meredith was standing over her, sword at the ready. The succubus lifted herself up slightly, onto her elbows. She tried to crawl backwards, but she could hardly move.

Faced now with the certainty of death, Pereni’s bowels released themselves. Her soaked panties tented sharply before her mess spread across her backside. In the tense silence of the moment, the squelching sound was perfectly audible. Meredith nearly recoiled in disgust at the sight of it.

Given what she’d been up to all day, Pereni couldn’t help but wonder if this was simply karma.

###

“Please stop, madam paladin!” Claire shouted, only barely catching Meredith’s attention. She’d arrived just in the nick of time.

“Stay back!” Meredith commanded, “She’s a netherling- a demon. I need to put her down.” At the paladin’s feet, a truly pitiful Pereni looked to her with the most pleading eyes she’d ever seen. Even from a distance, Claire could see the puddle around the young succubus’ thighs.

“I’m well aware of what she is. I summoned her. She is my responsibility.”

This piqued Meredith’s interest. Her hand shimmered with heavenly light, and suddenly Pereni was bound to the ground by golden chains. The paladin stepped away from her, and walked towards Claire. The mage could see that Meredith had no interest in resolving this situation diplomatically. “Consorting with the nether makes you just as irredeemable as the creatures from it, witch.”

“Please, miss,” Claire pleaded, in the tone of someone wishing to avoid some small inconvenience, “I don’t want to fight you. That netherling is harmless, and she is my assistant.”

Meredith looked her over briefly, then lunged forward, sword cutting through the air. In an instant, a pillar of lightning fell from the sky, striking the paladin. When the blinding light had dissipated, Meredith stood still, then began to wobble. Claire had weakened her own lightning spell enough to keep it from killing or seriously harming the paladin. It was most certainly enough to render her unconscious, though.

Meredith remain standing for some time, all things considered. Claire noted with some sympathy that urine was streaming through the gaps in her armor. She could hear some rather unladylike noises, and knew that the paladin had just soiled herself as well. That was a shame that Pereni had ensured Claire was acquainted with, and she felt genuinely sorry for the woman. Eventually, Meredith finally succumbed to unconsciousness, and fell over.

“I’m sorry, my friend,” Claire said as she walked by the paladin, towards Pereni. Once she reached her, she quickly dispelled the magical chains that bound her. Pereni swung her arms out, and wrapped Claire in a hug. Unlike their previous interactions, there was no sexual suggestion in the act, just pure gratitude. “Are you okay, Pereni?” Claire asked as she helped the netherling to her feet.

“I… I think so… ” Pereni attempted to cover the wet stain on the front of her panties with her hands, and faced Claire so that the bulge on her backside was not visible. Claire did her best to avoid staring at the demon’s obvious accidents. “But… how did you find us?”

“Easy, I just used a spell to track netherlings.” With no incantation whatsoever, Claire produced a complex series of magical runes in the air above her hand.

“And was that lightning from you?”

The runes vanished, and in the blink of an eyes lightning crackled between her fingers, “Yes. Although I lessened the intensity of the spell so as not to kill her. Don’t want even more paladins coming after us.”

Pereni’s mouth hung open for a moment before she spoke, “But… isn’t that an extremely difficult spell to cast? You can just… do it?”

With a lazy flick of her wrist, Claire arced the lightning from her fingers into a random tree. The bark was shredded apart, and the tree was blasted in half. The shocked look on Pereni’s face made Claire chuckle. “I did say I knew most of the advanced spells.”

“So um… ” Pereni looked back at Claire, seeming rather uneasy, “No hard feelings about that little prank with the netherbloom, right? Ha ha… ” She tried to play it off as a joke, but Claire could see little trickles of fresh urine running down Pereni’s bare legs.

“No hard feelings.”

Pereni released a breath, and sighed in relief.

A groan from behind Claire reminded them of their guest. Meredith was still out cold, but was stirring. “I still can’t believe you took her out in one hit,” Pereni mused, “But what we actually gonna do about her? She knows we’re out here, now.”

“Hmm, good point.” Claire thought for a moment before a solution came to her, “Ah! I know! A dream spell.”

“Dream spell?”

“It’s as simple as it sounds. It makes you have dreams about whatever you want. I can use it on her, and make her dream that she defeated both of us. She should be dazed enough to not be able to tell that it was only a dream, whenever she wakes up.” Claire started weaving the spell together. She made sure to include an epic battle in which the paladin was struck with a lightning blast. She blushed when she had to weave the bit of the dream where Meredith wet and soiled herself, but she needed to make sure she wouldn’t ask any questions. With a stunning strike, dream-Meredith struck down the evil dream-Claire, and then passed out due to the exhaustion of the fight. The bodies of their dream-selves dissipated into netherfire, leaving no trace of them.

“Aaaannnddd… there,” Claire proclaimed as she finished the spell.

A short silence passed before Pereni spoke, “So, um… Are you still in the market for an assistant… Mistress?”

Claire rolled her eyes, but smiled. “I think I am.”

“And, are we ever going to speak of how we both crapped our pants?”

Claire’s smile was replaced by an awkward blush, “I think not.”

“Then it looks like we have a deal! Now let’s get out of here before she wakes up.”

