So Close, But Yet So Far

Author: Male

*000*2018-07-08 13:21

Ban Sang-Mi walked briskly down the street back from the shops to her apartment block. Her boyfriend had sent her to get food for dinner, and there had been a long queue for the checkouts - and the toilets! Rather than spend more time waiting, she decided to put off going until she got back to her comfortable toilet at home. She really had to poo - it would be such a relief! She looked adorable, in a T-shirt and little denim skirt, with shoulder length black hair.

As she stood in the lift up to her apartment, she shifted awkwardly from foot to foot. She just about managed not to fart, and walked up to her door. She got her keys out of her skirt pocket, opened the door, and let herself in. Relief was close! She sighed, and farted loudly as she crouched to remove her shoes. She blushed deep. She had to poo, now! She put her shopping bags down, and hurried to the bathroom. The door was bolted.

"Um, hey, Min-Jun," she said, "I really have to use the toilet. Could you hurry up in there, please?"

"I'm having my shower," he said from inside. "You'll have to wait a while."

"I can't wait," said Sang-Mi, annoyed. "I'm bursting."

"Well, you'll have to," said Min-Jun.

Sang-Mi's stomach gurgled. She held her bottom and squirmed.

"I can't," she said. "Min-Jun, I'm serious. I'm at serious risk of pooing my skirt here."

"Well, too bad," said Min-Jun. "You'll just have to wait. Why don't you unload the shopping while you're waiting?"

Sang-Mi pouted. "Fine," she said, contemptuously. She didn't mind unloading the shopping, but not when she was desperate to unload her bowels. And she was going to unload her bowels. Whether that was in the toilet or in her knickers was another issue.

As she crouched down to get the goods out of her bags, she let another loud fart. She grimaced from the strain, and felt deeply glad she hadn't followed through. She couldn't risk many more farts like that, but she couldn't help it, either. Her bowels were being stretched to the limit, and knowing relief was so near made it so much worse. She yearned for the toilet and the relief it would bring, but tried not to think about it for fear of letting go in anticipation.

After unloading the shopping, she clutched her bottom and limped back to the bathroom. It was still occupied.

"OK, I unloaded the shopping," she said, deeply annoyed. "Min-Jun, seriously, get out of there, now. I am literally about to poo my skirt."

She wasn't kidding. Poo was starting to push through her anus, and she was desperately pulling it back. She couldn't carry on much longer, and she knew it. As if to make her point, she accidentally slipped another stinking fart.

"Fuck..." she said, grimacing from the pain. "Sorry about the language, I'm in fucking agony out here...uhhh..."

She loved her boyfriend so much, but at present she deeply disliked him. She started to suspect he might be humiliating her on purpose.

"Sorry, babe, you have to hold it," he said.

"I CAN'T!" she shouted. She banged on the door. "Please, please, open up, I'm going to poo...please..."

She heard Min-Jun chuckling inside.

"Fuck you!" she said. "I'm going to poo my skirt, and it's all your fault."

"No, it's yours," said Min-Jun. "You couldn't wait."

Sang-Mi fumed. She was going to wait. She couldn't let him win. She leaned against the door, straining with every muscle she had. Hopefully it wouldn't be too much longer. She was starting to give in...she couldn't. She couldn't give in. But she was going to...Sweat oozed from her pores. She clutched her bottom as hard as she could. The poo was coming out. Tears came to her eyes as she felt it squeeze out towards her knickers. It touched the fabric, and started to squash out. She was pooing her skirt. She couldn't deny it.

"I'm losing it," she said, sniffing. "I hope you're proud of yourself, making your 23 year old girlfriend poo herself like a baby."

She felt the poo fill her knickers and stain her skirt. The stench was incredible. After sobbing for a while, she stumbled as the door opened behind her. Min-Jun was there, handsome, muscular, and with a massive erection.

"Hey, babe," he said. "You look like you've made a mess. Let's look at it."

"I hate you," said Sang-Mi, looking as threatening as a pretty girl in soiled knickers could, which is not very.

He pulled up Sang-Mi's skirt.

"Look at that," he said. "Looks like little Sang-Mi went poo-poo in her knickers. I think some punishment is necessary."

"You're so gross," said Sang-Mi.

"Yeah, I don't deny it," said Min-Jun. "Seriously, though, are you up for sex? Your humiliation really turns me on."

"Oh, fuck, why not," said Sang-Mi. "It's not like I could get any more undignified."

In truth, his irresistible strength and beauty were simply too much for her to turn down.

Min-Jun tugged down Sang-Mi's filthy knickers and put her in the bidet. It washed the mess off her very nicely, leaving her bottom ready for fun. Min-Jun fetched the paddle from the bedroom, and put Sang-Mi across his knees, with his huge erection resting against her. He was close to climax, and he had to be careful to control himself.

"You've been a bad, dirty little girl," he said. "Now let's see you get your punishment!"

He spanked her bare bottom hard with the paddle. She squealed in pain, but inside was deeply enjoying it. So was Min-Jun. So much, in fact, that he lost control and ejaculated all over Sang-Mi's back.

"I'm sorry," he said. "It's just so hot when you have an accident."

"Opinions differ on that," said Sang-Mi. "I'm glad to see at least you had fun, though..."

Sang-Mi felt his fingers on her G-spot. It was just too much. Before long, she was squealing in her own climax.

"Yeah, that was pretty fun," she said. "Can we do it next time without the pooing myself bit?"

"We'll see," said Min-Jun, stroking his beloved girl.

