The Exchange

Author: Linkx

*000*2020-07-02 02:40

Just a short little sequel to this picture, still working on things just needed a break.

She clutched the ransom note in her hand, a sneer emblazoned across her face. Grand Master Adelina captured and being held for ransom was bad enough… but the curs had thought to dress her up in a child’s diaper and humiliate her! Now they were extorting her for their own benefit and threatening to besmirch the reputation of a Grand Master. The sight of Adelina, chest exposed, still wearing parts of her ornate armor wearing nothing on her lower half except a bloated sagging well used diaper. A blush fell across her own cheeks, a humiliating reminder of all the accidents she’d suffered in combat.

Grand Master Hestia had never been a fan of Adelina most of her fellow Grand Master would prefer to see her deposed but this was an affront to all women of the Empire! Crumpling the ransom note, a disgusted look on her face she made a call.

“Yes, prepare my airship. Yes, nine thousand guilders, just in case. No, we’re not actually going to pay… I refuse to negotiate with ruffians.”

The fortified airship slowly descended to the meeting point. Hestia drummed her fingers anxiously on the control panel. Her command chair felt… clammy and uncomfortable. A bout of turbulence had caused her to lose control of her bladder multiple times. Fortunately the protective pad she wore had saved her dignity of being discovered but sitting on the swollen pad for so long had wrung urine from it. She could feel her uniform trousers clinging wetly to her skin. After chewing out her navigator for voiding her bowels and ordering her off the bridge for her cowardice she dare not expose her own lapse in control.

Landing was less than graceful, hitting a rock one of the landing skids slipped. The large ship lurched forward. A screech of scraping metal echoed through the ship as the Grand Master was nearly thrown from her command chair. She managed to catch herself in time but the sudden noise caused her bowels to shift. Her stomach lurched, she tensed and… ffffbllllrrrttch. A sudden sloppy evacuation into her pants. Eyes widened in fear she felt it immediately. Disgust shot through her as she fell back in her seat, sitting with a filthy squelch, her own shit pressing against her. Soft and malleable she could feel it spreading across her backside. The protective pad wasn’t designed for this kind of accident. With everyone preoccupied checking on the ship she quickly excused herself from the bridge trying to tug the tail of her coat in a futile attempt to hide her accident.

With her soiled panties disposed of she readied herself for the ‘exchange’. She had no plans to hand over the guilders to bandit scum. Once they met she would demand to see Adelina. Her knights would simply overwhelm the small contingent they sent to the exchange and the gun batteries of her airship would take care of pesky reinforcements. A foolproof plan! She would surely receive a commendation to rub in Adelina’s face.

The landing doors on the rear of the ship opened with a hiss and flanked by a detachment of knights Grand Master Hestia wearing her own resplendent armor. An imposing presence in her own right Hestia looked a ferocious sight with her stunning red hair and emerald eyes. Enemies of the empire often referred to her as the blazing firestorm with her tendency to raze enemy encampments and leave no survivors.

Insisting on making the exchange personally despite her advisers imploring her not to Hestia approached the small group of bandits. She’s expected to see more of them, behind them she could see their camp. A scoff left her lips, Adelina’s forces had been routed by this lot of rapscallions? How pathetic. No sign of the captured grand master she pursed her lips. They’d better not try anything foolish.

“You, where’s Grand Master Adelina?” she barked, wasting no time with formalities.

“We’ve got your little Adelina safe and sound… well she needs a diaper change after that racket you made but that’s not a surprise. Can’t keep her pampers clean for longer than fifteen minutes even if she tried.”

The uproarious laughter from his comrades stung her pride. A bright red blush of shame crossed her cheeks reminded of her own accidents on the flight here and landing. She shifted her legs, responding to their laughter with a reproachful look.

“Silence, I won’t stand for your libelous words against a fellow Grand Master!”

“Libelous? How many times did we have ta change her?” he said, pausing for a moment counting on his fingers. “When we captured her… when she saw that spider… when she was carrying firewood… when she was sleeping… more than once… when she got all uppity and we had to discipline her...”

“Don’t forget when she shit herself when we made her spar with the recruits.”

Another round of riotous laughter came from the small group of men.

“You’d think she’d never held a blade before. The look on her face when she had ta fight was priceless. She barely lasted three minutes against a kid before she was crapping her pants like a toddler begging not to fight anymore... but fine… we’ll get her. We’re a merciful lot.”

Hestia’s jaw tightened with each disrespectful word spoken. Each passing second she was tempted to give the order. With a snap of her fingers she could lay waste to their camp with the gun turrets on her airship. Fortunately at the last minute he acquiesced. He waved his hand and one of the men trudged off to retrieve their prize.

A tense few minutes passed as Adenlina was retrieved. Hestia stood there, gaze unwavering. A gush of urine warmed the pad between her legs as she thought she was one of the men reaching for his blade but… it was just her mind playing tricks on her. A single rivulet of warmth traced its way down her thigh before Adelina came into view. Her wrists bound together with a crude lashing of rope, cheeks stained with tears she wore nothing other than a thread-worn shirt much too large for her lithe frame and… a childish diaper. The shirt hung open at the front doing little to hide her buxom chest and the diaper, swollen with urine and bloated with solid waste was already an ill fitting garment even before made heavy with fearful release.

“I told ya she probably needed a change but like I said as long as your… ‘donation’ of guilders to our cause is sufficient we won’t let anyone else know about Adelina the incontinent.”

Hestia simply scowled at him, turning to one of her knights she whispered in his ear and he nodded giving a terse “yes maam” before returning to the formation behind her. The whirring of mechanical actuation came from the ship as the turrets swiveled leveling their deadly sight at the encampment behind them.

“You will release Grand Master Adelina to our custody now or we will level your fortifications immediately. You have less than a minute before we open fire.” she ordered, taking command of the situation.

He didn’t seem perturbed by the development. Instead he shrugged, glancing back over his shoulder then once more to Hestia.

“Are ya sure ya want to do that?”

Hestia was slightly confused by his casual response. Unnerved even by the way he did not seem to be phased by the large bore cannons threatening to rain destruction on his legion. Another wet rush of piss soaked into her pad as her nerves began to play up. Why wasn’t he intimidated!?

“We had a deal ya know...”

“I am altering the deal, Adelina or your lives.”

Having been at the mercy of the bandits since her capture and realizing the rescue party had no intention of paying the ransom Adelina let out a subdued whimper. Her legs quivered and from the leg guards of her diaper liquid started to run down her thighs. The Grand Master was wetting herself again. The sodden garment could absorb no more and uselessly allowed her bladders contents to spill down her toned thighs dampening the ground beneath her.

He sighed and snapped his fingers immediately chaos engulfed them. A loud explosion… a second… a third! Adelina covered her ears, shutting her eyes tightly, grunting as she voided her bowels into her already full diaper. The reverberation of the explosions shook Hestia to her core. She could feel it in her sternum as stealthily placed explosives were neutralizing the threat from her airship. Her knights had sprung into action rushing forward at the sound of the blast but Hestia was frozen in fear

The redhead paled not even realizing her potty training had abandoned her as her plan crumbled. Her pad was soaked in an instant and urine still flowed freely from her fear loosened bladder. A faint hiss could have been heard coming from her armor if it wasn’t for the sounds of conflict. As she stood, voiding herself, frozen on the impromptu battlefield Hestia dared not turn around to see how severe the damage to her airship had been. Her bowels fared no better and like a frightened little girl she panicked helplessly soiling her armor. Shit oozed into her panties, the second pair she had ruined today. A soft almost paste like consistency filled them to the brim, conforming to the shape of her buttocks and the metal plating of her armor. It was such a voluminous accident some had even began to leak down her thighs, smearing them a dirty brown.

When she finally came to her senses she could see the glint of a blade scything towards her. One of her knights threw himself in front of her as she let out a surprised squeal, trembling hand going for her sword. More bandits were running towards them from the encampment and the small detachment of knights wouldn’t be able to hold them off for long.

In the chaos Adelina had managed to slip away, tears running down her cheeks as she awkwardly ran in her dirty diaper. “G...go, k...kill them all.” Hestia ordered her knights as she scrambled after the raven-haired Grand Master. As she took off after her she could feel her accidentally released shit squishing against her. The disgusting sensation turned her stomach, she thought she might be sick. What really turned her blood to ice was the sight of her airship, the Eurystheus was in no condition to fly now. There was no chance of using it to escape it looked like the aft had been completely destroyed. They couldn’t even retreat inside and use it as a stronghold whilst they sent a distress call.

With her gait made awkward by the load of shit weighing down her panties she chased after Adelina. She caught up to her behind a rocky outcropping, hiding them from the sight of the bandits.

“Th...that was your plan?!” Adelina spat at the redhead.

“You didn’t do any better!”

“Cut my hands free!”

“You can’t criticize me! It would have worked if...”

Hestia flushed with embarrassment and pulled out her sword, cutting the woman’s wrists free. At least her own accident was somewhat hidden though the smell… and the wetness on her greaves would make it obvious to anyone with enough perception.

“I should execute you for your cowardice and incompetence right here! If I...”

Hestia froze mid-sentence, another explosion, louder than the others drowned out the sound of their petty squabble. The Grand Masters could only assume it was the Eurystheus falling to more bandit explosives. Clinging to each other in fear they both sniffled wishing to be anywhere but here. Oblivious to the puddle forming beneath their feet from their combined release of what dwindling liquid remained in their bladders. In their terrified stupor they hadn’t even realized another person had joined them.

A small boy stared wide eyed at the two crying women as they held each other. One wearing a very soiled diaper, the other in resplendent armor. He seemed oblivious to the sounds of battle or the explosion coming from just the other side of the outcropping.

“I just came to see the airship but wow an actual knight.” he began, a charming innocence about him. He wrinkled his nose at the smell coming from them both and with about as much tact as could be expected from a young boy made his displeasure with their accidents known.

“Eww, you pooped your diaper and… it smells like you pooped in your armor too… your armor’s all wet...”

The two women blushed brightly untangling themselves from each other’s grasp. Adelina desperately tried to cover the childish diaper with her hands. Hestia pinched her thighs together causing the mess to shift and squish again. Here they were, both Grand Masters, both had completely lost control of their bladder and bowels. Adelina’s diaper distended, stained and sodden, Hestia’s armor, glistening with wetness and soiled with feces. But he, a child remained unphased. Could he not hear the sounds of battle behind them or the deafening explosions?

“It… it’s not what it looks like...” Hestia feebly protested.

“Uhh…”

He circled around Hestia and poked her armor right in the rear. There was a wet muddy squelch that came from her. She could feel her mess smushed against her backside, more if it oozing out down her thighs.

“You definitely pooped your pants. You should probably be wearing diapers like her...”

Hestia wiped her eyes, shaking her head. Her voice still trembled slightly. She’d just let this child point out she had utterly soiled herself any other person who would even attempt such a thigh would be summarily executed but… an idea struck her.

“D… does your family live near here? If… if you take us there we’ll reward you… you and your family. Enough guilders to live comfortably for years.” she plead desperately.

He paused, thinking about the offer.

“Okay! Try not to have any more accidents though… it already smells bad.”

With a blush both women followed after the boy, Hestia trying to instill a sense of urgency in the carefree child to get them to safety as quickly as possible.

*003*2020-07-19 06:06

This was just a one off. It's possible more in the future will come but at the moment I have other things in the works.

