Asian Girls And Soiled Skirts

Author: Uniform Skirt

*000*2021-07-16 21:12

Max Brockman's parents had moved to India from Britain before he was born, and he did not regret their decision. While there were many problems with the country he had grown up in, there were 2 things it could not be faulted for: the sheer number of gorgeous Asian girls, and the lack of toilets for them. Once he had gone through puberty, this combination served to give more pleasure to his teenage cock than he could ever have imagined. As his mind drifted during class, he saw his elegant female classmates fidget with their skirts and drum their feet on the floor, wishing for class to be over so they could dash to the toilet at home.

If only their composure would fail them, and they would foul their skirts in despair in front of him...One girl in particular took his fancy, Priya Patel, a slender beauty with her hair in a long ponytail. She seemed so intelligent and composed that his dirtiest fantasies drifted to her soiling herself in gleeful shame, after which he could rip down her knickers and...he was a horny boy. But the condoms he kept in his trouser pocket went unused.

It was a sweltering summer day when he noticed Priya being a little more uncomfortable than usual. The girls' toilets were all closed, and they had to hold it all day, struggling with dignity. He'd never seen a girl soil herself in class before, and he wasn't getting his hopes (and his cock) up too far now, but he did wonder if he might hear a fart slip from under that blue pleated uniform skirt. But it didn't happen, and by the time class was dismissed her knickers, from what he could judge, where still spotless. But she did look deeply uncomfortable, and her hand drifted to the back of her skirt, as if trying to hold in an enormous dump. Perhaps, if he offered to walk home with her, he might see something.

"Would you mind if I walked home with you?" he said civilly.

"Oh...well...I wasn't expecting anyone, but..." she looked at him. He was handsome, and though her parents definitely wouldn't approve of her being seen with a white boy, a little stroll wouldn't hurt. But her guts did, and poo was pushing at her bottom. She wanted to walk home quickly to avoid too much discomfort, or even...something she dared not think about.

"...yes, that's fine," she said, against her better judgement.

As they walked home, Max looked at Priya's bottom flexing under the swish of her skirt. He wanted to rest his hand on it, even slip it up her skirt, but he knew he had to be civil. Groping a sophisticated Indian girl on their first date was not a good way to achieve success, not to mention being unethical. Perhaps she might slip a fart, or even...no, surely not. But her face was growing increasingly stressed from the pain in her bowels, and her bladder was aching, too. She wasn't too concerned about making it to the toilet, but she certainly couldn't take too long. Unknown to her knowledge, her friends were slowly losing control as they walked home, piddling in their knickers and billowing their skirts with farts. 3 girls had disgraced themselves already before they got home. But she was, at present, determined not to join them.

A spasm of bowel pain made her bend over and clutch her stomach. While she managed to contain it, she became worried that Max might see something humiliating.

"Is there anything wrong?" he asked.

"No, I just...need to visit the toilet," she said, blushing.

"How far are you from home?" he asked, hoping for a long while yet.

"Not so far..." she said, encouraging herself and striding on. She had to walk faster unless she wanted to risk humiliation. Max hurried to catch up. They stopped beside a road, with traffic roaring down on both sides.

"I have to cross here," she said, fidgeting with her skirt and gritting her teeth. "I need to wait for the right time..."

The right time took a while to come, and Priya was growing increasingly desperate. Max looked at her white knee socks and imagined them streaked with piss and shit as his cock grew in his pants. If only...

But eventually, their moment came.

"Now, go," said Priya, hurrying across the road. Max followed. "Not so far now," she said, a little relieved.

"So you think you'll make it home?" he asked.

"Of course," she said. "Did you really think I'd disgrace myself?"

Max was silent. He resigned himself to Priya making it to the toilet, and having to only fantasise about the humiliating accident she could have suffered. But the intervention of a moped thief changed all that. Seeing a vulnerable girl with an expensive bag, he rode up to her and wrenched it from her shoulder. Instinctively, she ran after him, shouting "Thief! Stop there, you..." she couldn't bring herself to swear. But the shock had loosened her bladder and bowels, and a wet fart burst from her bottom. She clutched it and gasped in distress. Warm wetness burst into her knickers as she started to wee, and as she tried to stop that, she started to poo.

After struggling ineffectively for a few seconds, Priya Patel began to foul her skirt in torrents of urine and feces, her arse farting like a hurricane and curling turds into her knickers as piss cascaded down her legs. And Max was watching, his cock stretching in his pants, almost ripping the fly of his trousers. There was no use chasing after the thief - no one could outrun a moped - but there was a lot of use in watching a glamourous Indian girl soil herself like a baby and burst into tears.

Max walked up to Priya and rested his hand on her shoulder. He noticed a patch of trees near the road, a little secluded. If he played this right...if...

"What am I going to do?" said Priya. "I've lost my bag with all my books, and now my knickers...I've lost control..."

"Never mind," he said. "I'll vouch for your story, and...well...as for the knickers...you can just take them off. Just come home in your skirt, and your parents might not notice..."

"I suppose that's what I'll have to do," she said, sighing.

"There are those trees over there." He gestured to them. "Come on."

Holding her hand, he led her over to the trees. She took a deep breath, and removed her shoes.

"You know, since we're out of sight here..." Max said, chuckling at just how naughty he was being. "And since you're taking off your knickers..."

He produced the condom from his pocket.

"Oh, you - " said Priya, shocked. "Well, I suppose..." She removed her socks. "I guess I could..."

She lifted her skirt and exposed her fouled, filthy knickers, once white but now yellow and brown, loaded with involuntary turds. She slipped them down her legs, exposing her neatly trimmed pubes and her pussy. "You know, let's be naughty, as long as it's safe," she said. "It's not like I can get any more humiliated, is it..."

Max struggled to unzip his trousers and revealed his cock. He opened the condom packet and rolled it on, struggling not to just blow his load at the intensity of the situation, and then approached Priya, slipping his hand under her skirt and feeling her damp crotch.

"Alright..." she said. "That's alright...Oh...." Max smirked as he knew he'd found her clitoris. He played it with his fingers. Priya moaned in pleasure as she came to the edge of orgasm, made even more intense by her shame. This was going well, for a first time...but the excitement was getting to him, and if he didn't stick it in, he'd just come all over himself. Embracing and kissing Priya, he thrust his cock deep in her pussy, gasping as he started to come. He wished he'd been able to thrust for longer, but the semen blasted out of him like Priya's piss had a few minutes earlier. Recovering his breath, he slipped his cock out and removed the condom, using a tissue to clean himself. Priya was blushing from the shame, but she'd obviously enjoyed giving him her virginity.

"Shall we meet again some time?" he asked.

"Yes...I think so," she said, adjusting her skirt to cover her bare pussy and arse. "Hopefully not like this..."

Hopefully at least a bit like this, Max thought.

