The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 4

Author: Caraxes

*090*2024-04-09 21:52

Warning: Messing

This story is dedicated to @Cojiro

, who reminded me it needed to happen before everything ends.

Chapter 22: Hotboxing the Dorm Room

Victoria had been near tears when she realized that Jules was graduating. Try as she might, she had struggled to connect with the other students her age. Her “friends” from the start of the year had betrayed her at every turn, but Jules Shahir had been there for her every step of the way.

Jules had had no obligation to actually look out for Victoria as much as she had. Yes, she was Victoria’s mentor but most mentors did not go above and beyond and they certainly did not incorporate them into their friend groups.

For this reason, as Victoria lay alone in her dorm room on a rainy day in the middle of April, she could not help but feel sad for the fact that her friend would be moving away.

Raindrops were hitting the windowpanes like soft drumbeats and Victoria found herself staring pensively into the grey weather. She had just finished her second last exam but her final one was not going to be for another week so she had opted to have a pyjama day and enjoy the luxury of an empty room while her roommate grinded away at the library.

Rising from her bed and leaving the sheets a tangled mess, Victoria stood before the mirror in her dorm room. Her blonde hair was tousled from sleep, framing her stunning features. Despite her sleepy demeanor and the absence of makeup, her natural beauty radiated. Her fit, voluptuous body, complemented by her tall stature, carried an air of confidence even in her disheveled state. Despite the disarray of her pyjamas and bed head, there was an undeniable allure to her appearance, embodying both elegance and a hint of vulnerability.

Victoria glanced at her nightstand, her gaze lingering on the blunt nestled among her belongings. A fleeting thought crossed her mind, imagining how pleasant it would be to indulge in its contents, perhaps to unwind from the week’s stresses.

Inspiration struck Victoria like a bolt of excitement, prompting her to grab her phone. With fervor, she extended an invitation to Jules to come over that evening and share the blunt. Within moments, Jules replied with unbridled enthusiasm, accepting the offer without hesitation.

Feeling a surge of anticipation, Victoria proposed inviting Carmen to join them, intrigued by Carmen's penchant for wild antics. Jules readily agreed, and Victoria couldn't help but smile, looking forward to the lively evening ahead.

She was excited to get baked with her friends before they all graduated!

___

As the sun set, Victoria's dorm room buzzed with energy, filled with the pulsating rhythm of rap music emanating from her speaker. The lyrics painted a vivid scene of urban life and youthful defiance, adding to the atmosphere of excitement.

Victoria's room exuded warmth and comfort, adorned with string lights casting a soft glow, while posters of her favorite artists adorned the walls. The posters showcased an eclectic mix of artists spanning various genres and eras. A large poster of Kendrick Lamar commanded attention, his intense gaze captivating viewers with its raw emotion. Next to it hung a vintage concert poster featuring The Beatles, a nod to classic rock nostalgia. On another wall, a vibrant print of Frida Kahlo's iconic self-portrait added a touch of artistic flair, her unapologetic expression mirroring the empowerment Victoria found in her own life. Completing the collection was a striking poster of Beyoncé, exuding power and grace, serving as a reminder of female strength and resilience. Each poster contributed to the room's vibrant atmosphere, reflecting Victoria's diverse tastes and passions.

The aroma of sandalwood and jasmine wafted through Victoria's dorm room, emanating from a delicate incense holder perched on her desk and enhancing the cozy ambiance. The incense, a blend of earthy and floral scents, created a calming ambiance, transporting anyone who entered to a state of relaxation and tranquility.

Victoria had acquired the incense during a trip to a local artisan market in the heart of the city. Drawn to its exotic fragrance and soothing properties, she had purchased a bundle along with the intricately carved holder, envisioning it as the perfect addition to her sanctuary away from home. Now, as the incense gently smoldered, its aromatic tendrils filled the room, enveloping Victoria and her friends in a cocoon of comfort and serenity.

Jules entered the room, her caramel skin glowing in the dim light, her freckles dancing across her cheeks as she flashed a gorgeous smile. She exuded an aura of effortless charm, her blonde hair cascading in loose waves around her shoulders.

Following her, Carmen's raven hair framed her face like a dark halo, her perfect curvaceous body moving with natural grace. Her Hispanic heritage was evident in her features, adding to her exotic allure.

Victoria, now all made up for the evening, radiated confidence as she greeted her friends. She wore a form-fitting black crop top paired with high-waisted jeans, accentuating her curves. Her blonde hair was styled in loose waves, framing her face with effortless elegance.

Jules opted for a casual yet chic look, wearing a cropped graphic tee paired with ripped denim shorts. Her caramel skin glowed against the vibrant colors of her outfit, and she completed the look with a pair of hoop earrings and white sneakers.

Carmen chose a bold ensemble, donning a body-hugging red dress that accentuated her curves. Her raven hair fell in cascading waves down her back, and she added a touch of glamour with statement earrings and strappy heels.

Together, the trio exuded confidence and style, ready to enjoy the evening's festivities in each other's company.

As they settled into Victoria's dorm room, the trio began to commiserate about the looming exams, sharing their collective stress and exhaustion.

"Ugh, can you believe how much we have to study for these exams?" Jules sighed, sinking into the cozy bean bag chair. "I feel like I'm drowning in flashcards."

Carmen nodded in agreement, running a hand through her hair. "Tell me about it. I barely have time to sleep, let alone study."

Victoria offered a sympathetic smile. "I know it's tough, but we'll get through it together. And hey, at least we have something to look forward to tonight."

Their conversation shifted to lighter topics as they admired each other's outfits, exchanging compliments and playful banter.

"Jules, I love your top! The colors look amazing on you," Victoria exclaimed, gesturing to Jules' vibrant graphic tee.

"Thanks, Vic! And your jeans are killer. Seriously, where did you get them?" Jules replied, eyeing Victoria's high-waisted denim with admiration.

Carmen chimed in, her eyes sparkling with excitement. "You both look stunning, as always. I can't wait to take some Instagram-worthy pics tonight!"

The mood lifted as they turned their attention to the anticipation of smoking together later that evening.

"I've been looking forward to getting high all week," Carmen exclaimed, a mischievous grin spreading across her lips. "But I’m so glad I get to do it with you guys. Nothing beats chilling with my favorite girls and sharing a blunt."

Victoria nodded in agreement, a sense of excitement bubbling within her. "Absolutely. It's the perfect way to unwind after all this studying. Plus, with you two, I know it'll be a night to remember."

With smiles on their faces and anticipation in their hearts, the trio embraced the prospect of spending the evening together, knowing that amidst the chaos of exams, they could always find solace and joy in each other's company.

As Jules lounged back in Victoria's dorm room, she couldn't help but notice how much more confident Victoria seemed now that she was no longer being bullied. A sense of pride swelled within Jules as she observed her friend's newfound self-assurance, knowing that she had played a part in helping Victoria overcome those difficult times.

Watching Victoria banter with Carmen as they struggled to light the blunt with Carmen's metal lighter, Jules felt a surge of warmth in her chest. Despite the minor hiccup at the start of the school year, Victoria was back to her regular happy self. She was even more mature now, than she’d been before she met Jules.

Victoria's laughter filled the room, her easygoing demeanor bringing a sense of joy to the moment.

Jules couldn't help but admire the banter between Victoria and Carmen, grateful that the Hispanic girl was nice to Victoria. As she observed them, her heart swelled with happiness, knowing that Victoria was surrounded by supportive people who lifted her up instead of rude leeches who brought her down.

Turning her attention to the metal lighter in Carmen's hand, Jules noted its sleek design and polished finish. Its sturdy construction hinted at its reliability, and Jules couldn't help but appreciate the attention to detail in its craftsmanship. Despite their initial struggles, she knew that with a little perseverance, they would soon enjoy the fruits of their labor as they embarked on their smoke-filled adventure together.

As Jules sat in Victoria's dorm room, the discomfort from her shawarma dinner settled heavily in her stomach, causing her to squirm in her seat. With a sigh, she reached down and unbuttoned her jean shorts, feeling the pressure ease slightly as they loosened around her waist. The sensation of bloating weighed heavily on her, a nagging reminder of the inevitable.

Deep down, Jules knew she should excuse herself and relieve the discomfort building in her abdomen. But the thought of missing out on the smoking session and the fun with her friends made her hesitate. She brushed off the urge, determined to soldier through.

Reflecting on the fact that she hadn't pooped since that morning, Jules couldn't help but reminisce about the satisfying relief it had brought. It had been a sizable yet surprisingly smooth movement, leaving her feeling lighter and more refreshed afterward. The memory of that morning's bowel movement brought a small sense of longing, a desire to experience that same sense of release once more.

As she shifted in her seat, the elastic waistband of her underwear poked through the opening of her unbuttoned shorts, a subtle reminder of her current state of discomfort. Her underwear, a simple yet comfortable pair adorned with a playful floral pattern, contrasted with the casualness of her outfit, providing a touch of femininity amidst the dorm room's relaxed atmosphere. Despite her discomfort, Jules pushed aside the urge to address her bodily needs, determined to enjoy the evening's festivities with her friends.

Jules watched with anticipation as Carmen finally succeeded in lighting the blunt, her eyes widening with excitement as Carmen took a long, satisfying hit. The pungent aroma of cannabis filled the air, mingling with the lingering scent of incense, creating an intoxicating atmosphere within the dorm room.

"Damn, Carmen, you did it!" Victoria exclaimed, a grin spreading across her face as she reached for the blunt.

Carmen chuckled, passing the blunt to Victoria. "Of course I did! Now it's your turn, Vic."

As the blunt made its way around the circle, the girls debated whether or not to open the window to let some fresh air in.

"We should probably open the window," Victoria suggested, glancing around the room. "It's getting pretty smoky in here."

Carmen, ever the mischief-maker, grinned mischievously. "Or... we could hotbox the room instead. It'll be way more fun."

Jules hesitated for a moment, weighing the options, before shrugging and nodding in agreement. Most of the residence assistants would be too preoccupied with their own exams to notice. "Why not? Let's do it."

With a shared sense of excitement, they sealed their fate, opting to embrace the haze that enveloped them.

As Jules took her first hit from the blunt, she felt a rush of warmth spread through her body, tingles dancing along her skin. The sensation was exhilarating, a gentle wave of euphoria washing over her as the THC began to take effect.

"Whoa," Jules murmured, her words slightly slurred as she passed the blunt to Victoria. "I can definitely feel it kicking in."

Victoria nodded in understanding, a knowing smile on her face. "This is just the beginning, Jules. Get ready for a wild ride. I bought this off Crazy Dan and it’s some potent stuff."

“Is he the guy who lives on the reserve? He always has the best shit,” Carmen admitted, nodding as she took another puff.

As the girls continued to pass the blunt around the circle, the effects of the cannabis intensified, each inhale adding to the euphoria that enveloped them. Their conversation ebbed and flowed, punctuated by fits of giggles and moments of contemplative silence.

"So, what are you all doing for the summer?" Carmen asked, her words slightly slurred as she exhaled a cloud of smoke.

Victoria's eyes lit up with excitement as she spoke. "I landed an accounting internship in Miami! Can you believe it? I'll be living it up in the sunshine state, crunching numbers by day and hitting the beach by night."

Jules grinned, her cheeks flushed with anticipation. "That sounds amazing, Victoria! I'll be backpacking through Asia, exploring new cultures and cuisines. I can't wait to immerse myself in the adventure of a lifetime."

Carmen's eyes sparkled with mischief as she shared her plans. "And I'll be bartending at this cool rooftop bar downtown. It's going to be non-stop parties and cocktails all summer long."

The girls cheered each other on, their excitement palpable as they hyped up their respective summer plans. Amidst the haze of smoke and laughter, they found solace in the promise of new experiences and unforgettable memories awaiting them in the months to come.

"Hey, Jules, how's it been dating my brother David?" Victoria asked suddenly, a smile playing on her lips as she leaned in with genuine curiosity.

Jules beamed, her eyes lighting up as she spoke. "It's been great, Victoria! David is such a sweetheart, and we really connect on so many levels."

Victoria's excitement for her friend was evident, her cheeks flushed with happiness. "I'm so glad to hear that! You two seem perfect for each other."

Carmen, always one to push boundaries, interjected with a mischievous grin. "So, Jules, spill the tea! How's the chemistry between you and David? Are things heating up in the bedroom?"

Victoria's eyes widened in shock, a blush creeping up her cheeks at Carmen's brazen question. "Carmen!" she exclaimed, her voice tinged with embarrassment. "You can't just ask Jules something like that!"

Jules laughed nervously, shooting Victoria an apologetic glance. "It's okay, Victoria. But yeah, Carmen, let's keep it PG, okay?"

Carmen shrugged, unapologetic as ever. "Hey, just trying to keep it real! But fine, I'll lay off the juicy details... for now."

As the conversation shifted, Victoria couldn't shake the image of her brother in a romantic context, preferring to keep their sibling relationship separate from her friends' dating lives.

As the effects of the cannabis continued to settle in, Jules found herself floating in a surreal haze of euphoria. A sense of weightlessness washed over her, tingles dancing along her skin as she surrendered to the intoxicating high.

In the midst of the haze, Jules became aware of a strange sensation—a faint whisper of discomfort in her abdomen. It was as if her body was communicating with her in an abstract, almost otherworldly manner, gently nudging her to acknowledge a primal need.

Carmen, always quick to seize an opportunity for mischief, couldn't resist teasing Jules about her unzipped jeans and the playful pattern of her panties peeking through.

"Hey Jules, looks like your little kiddie undies are making a cameo," Carmen teased with a sly grin, gesturing to the colorful print poking out from beneath Jules' unbuttoned shorts.

Jules, feeling the heat rise to her cheeks, laughed nervously, trying to brush off Carmen's teasing. "Yeah, yeah, very funny," she replied, her words slightly slurred from the high.

Victoria, sensing Jules' discomfort, jumped to her defense. "Come on, Carmen, lay off her. We're all just here to have a good time."

As Carmen continued to playfully poke fun at Jules, pushing the subject of her juvenile panties, Victoria couldn't help but feel a twinge of annoyance. Sensing the tension, she decided to turn the tables.

"You know, Carmen, if you're so cool with showing off, why don't you reveal your own?" Victoria challenged, a playful glint in her eye.

Carmen, never one to back down from a challenge, grinned mischievously. With a dramatic flourish, she lifted her dress, revealing a pair of black lace panties that hugged her curves tantalizingly. Her body, from the bellybutton down, radiated with undeniable allure.

But as Carmen flaunted her confidence, Victoria and Jules couldn't help but notice a small detail that sent them into fits of laughter.

"Uh, Carmen, you've got a little, um, situation down there," Jules managed to choke out between giggles, pointing to a few stray pubic hairs peeking out from her undies.

Carmen's cheeks flushed with embarrassment as she quickly adjusted her dress, attempting to salvage her dignity. "Oh, come on, guys! A little hair never hurt anyone," she retorted, trying to play it off with a laugh.

Victoria and Jules continued to tease Carmen mercilessly, their laughter filling the room as they reveled in the absurdity of the moment. In the end, the lighthearted banter only strengthened their bond, cementing their friendship in the midst of shared laughter and playful teasing.

As the girls finished passing around the blunt, the last remnants of smoke dissipating into the air, they settled back into the cushions, each feeling the effects of the cannabis in their own unique way.

Victoria, usually reserved and composed, found herself giggling uncontrollably at the slightest provocation. Her inhibitions melted away, replaced by a sense of carefree joy as she embraced the moment with abandon.

Jules felt a wave of introspection wash over her. Her mind wandered to deeper, more philosophical realms, pondering the mysteries of the universe with newfound curiosity.

Carmen, always the life of the party, seemed to amplify her vibrant energy even further. Her laughter echoed throughout the room, her movements fluid and uninhibited as she danced to the rhythm of the music playing in the background.

Their laughter and conversations were flowing freely as they reveled in the euphoria of the high. As the night wore on, the effects of the cannabis only seemed to be increasing.

As the room filled with thick clouds of smoke from their hotboxing session, the air became hazy and surreal, casting a dreamlike ambiance over the scene. The colorful lights from Victoria's string lights danced playfully through the smoke, adding to the ethereal atmosphere.

In the midst of the swirling clouds, the three girls found themselves caught up in the infectious beat of "Pursuit of Happiness" by Kid Cudi. With laughter in their eyes and a shared sense of euphoria, they began to dance together, their movements fluid and uninhibited as they lost themselves in the music.

As the lyrics of the song wafted through the haze, they echoed the sentiments of their shared experience:

"I'm on the pursuit of happiness and I know

Everything that's shine ain't always gonna be gold

Hey, I'll be fine once I get it, yeah

I'll be good"

Their laughter mingled with the lyrics, creating a symphony of joy and camaraderie that filled the room.

In the midst of their impromptu dance party, the girls stumbled and giggled their way to Victoria's bed, collapsing in a heap of laughter and tangled limbs. As they nestled into the cozy embrace of the blankets, they shared a moment of pure contentment, grateful for the bond that united them in this moment of blissful abandon.

As the girls tumbled into Victoria's bed in a giggling heap, Jules found herself momentarily disoriented, her hand accidentally slipping under Carmen's dress and coming to rest on the curve of Carmen's ample buttocks. The sensation was electrifying, sending a jolt of awareness coursing through Jules' body as she felt the warmth and softness of Carmen's skin beneath her touch. The girl was so well endowed that Jules couldn’t help but admire the voluptuousness as her fingers felt it.

Carmen, caught off guard by the unexpected contact, let out a surprised gasp, her body tensing momentarily before relaxing into the sensation. The warmth of Jules' hand against her skin sent a shiver of pleasure down her spine, a rush of arousal flooding her senses.

As Jules' hand lingered on Carmen's massive bum, the sensation became almost mesmerizing, the contrast between the smoothness of Carmen's skin and the firmness of her curves sending waves of tingling sensation through Jules' fingertips. It was a moment suspended in time, charged with anticipation and a hint of mischief as the girls reveled in the intimacy of their accidental touch.

As Jules's hand tried to extricate itself from the folds of the dress, Carmen's breath hitched at the unexpected touches. Feeling the warmth of Jules's hand against her large bum, Carmen let out a soft gasp, her body tingling with sensation.

"Jules," Carmen murmured, her voice low and husky, "that feels... really good. But could you move your hand a little? It's... it's a bit much."

Jules, taken aback by Carmen's candid response, quickly withdrew her hand, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment. "Oh, sorry, Carmen," she stammered, her mind racing with confusion and curiosity.

Curious about Carmen's reaction, Victoria and Jules exchanged glances, their eyebrows raised in silent inquiry. "What's going on, Carmen?" Victoria asked, her voice filled with concern. "Why does it feel too good?"

Carmen, ever the provocateur, flashed a mischievous grin. "Well, girls, let me tell you about the joys of butt stuff," she replied, her tone playful yet earnest. "It's all about the nerve endings! There are so many down there, and when you stimulate them just right... well, let's just say it's a whole new level of pleasure."

Victoria and Jules exchanged skeptical looks, their minds reeling with Carmen's bold revelation. "I don't know, Carmen," Jules said hesitantly, her curiosity piqued despite herself. "It just seems a bit... unconventional."

Carmen shrugged nonchalantly. "Hey, to each their own, right? But trust me, once you try it, you'll wonder why you didn't sooner." And with a playful wink, she dissolved into a fit of giggles, the conversation taking on a lighthearted tone as they continued to revel in their shared high.

As Jules withdrew her hand from Carmen's bum, she couldn't shake the sensation that had unexpectedly stirred within her. A wave of confusion washed over her as she grappled with the conflicting emotions, torn between the pleasure of watching Carmen be bothered by her touch and the loyalty she felt towards her boyfriend. The weed was truly making her head out of whack.

"Wow," Jules murmured, her voice tinged with disbelief.

Victoria, sensing Jules's internal struggle, chimed in with a reassuring smile. "It's okay, Jules. We're all just feeling a bit loopy from the weed. But trust me, butt stuff doesn't actually feel that good. It's just hype."

Carmen, always one to challenge the status quo, raised an eyebrow in disagreement. "Speak for yourself, Victoria. Butt stuff can be amazing if done right. It's all about finding what works for you."

Victoria shook her head, unconvinced. "I don't know, Carmen. I've tried it before with my ex, and it just didn't do anything for me. It's overrated."

The debate between Victoria and Carmen continued, their voices rising as they each defended their perspectives on the subject. Meanwhile, Jules listened in silence, her mind still reeling from the unexpected revelation of her own desires conflicting with her relationship. As the conversation carried on, Jules couldn't help but wonder what it all meant for her and her future.

As Victoria and Carmen continued to bicker about the merits of butt stuff, Jules felt herself dissociating from the conversation, her mind drifting into a haze of confusion and detachment. The effects of the cannabis had intensified, distorting her perception of reality and heightening her senses in unpredictable ways.

Amidst the chaotic chatter, Jules became acutely aware of a sensation gnawing at her insides—an urgent, primal need that demanded her attention. It was as if her body was sending her distress signals, but they were muffled and distorted by the fog of her high.

The sensation of needing to poop was unlike anything Jules had ever experienced. It was a visceral ache, a relentless pressure building in her abdomen, twisting and churning with a strange intensity. But amidst the haze of her high, the sensation felt distorted, almost surreal, as if it belonged to someone else entirely.

Jules struggled to make sense of the conflicting signals her body was sending her, her thoughts fragmented and disjointed as she grappled with the overwhelming urge to relieve herself. Each passing moment only served to exacerbate the discomfort, amplifying the urgency of her need as it grew more insistent with each passing second.

Lost in a haze of confusion and discomfort, Jules could only hope for a reprieve from the relentless pressure building within her, longing for a moment of clarity amidst the chaos of her high.

As Jules drifted in a haze of dissociation and discomfort, she was jolted back to reality by the sound of Carmen’s crying and Victoria’s apologies. Victoria had made fun of Carmen for having to repeat a year after failing her dance class, unaware of the pain her words had caused. The reality of the situation weighed heavily on Jules as she watched her friends' emotions unravel before her.

Rising from her seat, Jules moved towards Carmen, her heart aching with empathy for her friend's pain. Wrapping her arms around Carmen, she offered words of comfort, reassuring her that everything would be okay.

"Carmen, I'm so sorry," Jules whispered, her voice trembling with emotion. "Victoria's words were out of line, and I can't imagine how hurtful they must have been for you. But please know that we're here for you, and we'll do whatever it takes to help you through this."

Carmen nodded, her tears beginning to subside as she leaned into Jules's embrace. "Thank you, Jules," she murmured, her voice choked with emotion. "I don't know what I'd do without you guys."

As the tension in the room began to ease, Jules became acutely aware of the discomfort building in her own body—the urgent need to relieve herself still gnawing at her insides. But as she glanced at Carmen, still visibly shaken by Victoria's words, Jules realized that she couldn't leave just yet. She needed to be there for her friend, to offer support and reassurance in this moment of vulnerability.

Squeezing Carmen's hand reassuringly, Jules took a deep breath, steeling herself for the conversation that was about to unfold. "Listen, Carmen," she began, her voice steady despite the turmoil swirling inside her. "I know things seem tough right now, but trust me, they'll work out in the end. We'll figure this out together, as a team."

Carmen looked up, her eyes reflecting a mixture of hope and uncertainty. "But how, Jules?" she asked, her voice tinged with desperation. "I feel like I've let everyone down, especially my family."

Jules took a moment to gather her thoughts before responding, her mind racing with possibilities. "First of all, Carmen, you haven't let anyone down," she said firmly, her gaze unwavering. "Failing a class doesn't define you as a person, and it certainly doesn't determine your worth. You're talented, resilient, and capable of overcoming any obstacle that comes your way."

Carmen nodded, a faint glimmer of hope returning to her eyes. "But what about the dance class?" she asked, her voice tinged with uncertainty. "I don't know if I have what it takes to succeed."

Jules smiled reassuringly, her confidence unwavering. "We'll figure it out together, Carmen," she said, her tone filled with conviction. "We'll find resources, seek guidance from mentors, and practice until we're dancing circles around everyone else. And if we have to repeat a year, so be it. It's just a minor setback on the path to greatness."

Carmen's expression softened, a sense of determination replacing the doubt that had clouded her features. "Thank you, Jules," she said, her voice filled with gratitude. "I don't know what I'd do without you."

Jules squeezed Carmen's hand once more, a silent vow passing between them. "You'll never have to find out," she replied, her voice filled with unwavering determination. "We're in this together, Carmen. And together, we'll conquer whatever challenges come our way."

The urgency of Jules’ discomfort still lingered in the back of her mind, but she knew that she had made the right choice—to prioritize the needs of her friend above her own. And as she looked around at her friends, their bond stronger than ever in the face of adversity, Jules felt a glimmer of hope that no matter what challenges lay ahead, they would face them together, united in their friendship and their shared determination to overcome.

As the conversation continued, Victoria voiced her fears about Carmen and Jules graduating and potentially losing touch with their friends. The thought of facing the future without their tight-knit group by her side filled Victoria with a sense of dread, her voice tinged with anxiety as she spoke.

"I just don't know what I'll do without you guys," Victoria confessed, her eyes betraying the fear lurking beneath her calm exterior. "Graduation is looming, and I can't shake this feeling that once you're all scattered across different cities, we'll drift apart and lose touch."

Jules, her discomfort growing more pronounced with each passing moment, felt a pang of guilt as she listened to Victoria's concerns. Despite her own urgent need to relieve herself, Jules couldn't bear to see her friend so distressed.

"I know it's scary, Victoria," Jules replied, her voice filled with empathy. "But we'll always be there for each other, no matter where life takes us. And who knows? Maybe we'll end up closer than ever, even if we're miles apart."

Victoria nodded, her expression reflecting a mixture of relief and uncertainty. "I hope you're right, Jules," she said softly, her voice wavering with emotion. "I just don't want to lose the bond we've worked so hard to build."

As the conversation continued, Jules felt the urgency of her own needs growing more pronounced by the second. The pressure in her abdomen had reached a breaking point, and she knew she couldn't put off relieving herself any longer. But as she glanced at Victoria, still lost in her own worries, Jules felt a surge of determination to make her friend feel okay, even if it meant sacrificing her own comfort in the process.

"Hey, Victoria," Jules interjected, her voice tinged with determination. "I have an idea that might help ease your worries. What if you lived with Carmen next year?"

Victoria's eyes widened in surprise at the suggestion, her mind racing with possibilities. "Live with Carmen? But she's repeating a year..."

Jules nodded, her mind racing with possibilities. "Exactly! Since Carmen is repeating a year, she'll still be here next year. And Sarah's sister April is probably transferring here to Greateestern University, so she'll need a place to stay too. I know you guys hit it off in the winter. Why don't you all live together?"

Victoria's face lit up with excitement at the prospect, her fears momentarily forgotten in the excitement of the idea. "That's brilliant, Jules!" she exclaimed, her voice filled with enthusiasm. "Living with Carmen and April would be amazing. It's like having built-in friends for next year!"

As the conversation turned to logistics and planning, Jules felt a sense of relief wash over her, knowing that she had been able to offer her friend a solution to her worries. But as she shifted in her seat, the urgency of her own needs reached a critical point, and before she could stop herself, a loud fart escaped, interrupting the conversation and eliciting a chorus of laughter from the group.

Despite the embarrassment of the moment, Jules couldn't help but laugh along with her friends, feeling a sense of relief as the tension of the conversation dissipated in a wave of lighthearted humor.

Carmen couldn't contain her laughter as the fart echoed through the room, breaking the tension of the conversation. "Oh my God, Jules! Does that mean your butt is thinking about butt stuff?" she teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief.

Jules felt her cheeks flush with embarrassment at Carmen's implication, her mind racing as she searched for a response. "Uh, no, Carmen, it's just... a natural bodily function," she stammered, her words failing to mask her discomfort.

But Carmen and Victoria, sensing Jules's embarrassment, seized the opportunity to tease her further, their laughter growing more raucous by the second. "Come on, Jules, don't be shy," Victoria chimed in, a mischievous glint in her eye. "We all know you secretly love butt stuff."

Jules's cheeks burned with humiliation as her friends continued to tease her relentlessly, their playful banter escalating with each passing moment. "Okay, okay, enough!" Jules exclaimed, her voice tinged with exasperation. "I get it, you think it's funny. But let's not take it too far, okay?"

But Carmen and Victoria, fueled by the thrill of teasing their friend, only laughed harder, their jokes growing more aggressive and suggestive by the second. "Aw, come on, Jules," Carmen teased, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "If you're too embarrassed to admit it, we can always help you explore your... interests."

Jules's eyes widened in shock at Carmen's suggestion, her mind reeling at the implications of her words. "No, no, that's not necessary!" she protested, her voice bordering on panic as she attempted to defuse the situation.

But Carmen and Victoria, caught up in the moment, continued to tease Jules mercilessly, their jokes becoming more outrageous with each passing moment. "Oh, come on, Jules, don't be such a prude," Victoria teased, her voice filled with mock indignation. "We're just trying to help you embrace your inner desires."

As the conversation escalated, Jules felt a sense of desperation wash over her, her discomfort reaching a breaking point as she struggled to regain control of the situation. But no matter how hard she tried to deflect their teasing, Carmen and Victoria seemed determined to push the boundaries further and further, their playful banter bordering on the absurd as they offered to do things to her jokingly.

As the teasing banter between the friends reached a fever pitch, Victoria couldn't resist joining in on the fun. With a mischievous grin, she lunged forward, pinning Jules's arms to the bed with surprising strength.

Jules let out a squeal of laughter, squirming and kicking in a futile attempt to break free from Victoria's grasp. "Hey, let me go!" she protested between giggles, her face flushed with a mixture of embarrassment and amusement.

Meanwhile, Carmen, always one to escalate the situation, seized the opportunity to add to the chaos. With a playful smirk, she reached down and began to slide Jules's jean shorts down her legs, exposing her flowery undies to the world.

Jules gasped in mock horror as her underwear was revealed, her cheeks burning with embarrassment as she struggled against Victoria's hold. "Carmen, stop it!" she exclaimed, her voice laced with laughter as she attempted to cover herself.

But before Jules could protest any further, another loud fart escaped, echoing through the room and bringing the teasing antics to a sudden halt.

The room fell silent for a moment as everyone processed what had just happened, before erupting into fits of laughter once again. "Oh my God, Jules!" Carmen exclaimed, her eyes watering with laughter. "You're on fire tonight!"

Victoria doubled over with laughter, releasing Jules from her grasp as she collapsed onto the bed in a fit of giggles. "I can't believe that just happened!" she exclaimed between laughs, her voice filled with delight.

Jules, her cheeks burning with embarrassment, couldn't help but join in the laughter, her own amusement outweighing her mortification. "I swear, it's like my butt has a mind of its own!" she joked, her words punctuated by another round of giggles from her friends.

"Okay, guys, I really need to go to the bathroom," Jules announced, her voice tinged with urgency as she attempted to extricate herself from Victoria's grasp.

But Victoria saw this as a perfect chance to continue the fun. With a playful grin, she tightened her grip on Jules, preventing her from getting up from the bed.

"Not so fast, Jules," Victoria teased, a mischievous glint in her eye. "We're not done with you yet."

Jules let out a nervous giggle, her high mind starting to panic as she felt the unmistakable sensation of the poop sliding down towards the exit. "Victoria, come on!" she protested, her voice tinged with desperation as she wriggled against Victoria's hold.

Carmen, unable to contain her amusement, joined in on the teasing. "Sorry, Jules, but you're not going anywhere," she giggled, her eyes twinkling with mischief.

And then, with a mischievous glint in her eye, Carmen launched into a story about a mishap from a previous party. "Remember that time at our party, I disappeared into the garage?" she began, her voice filled with laughter. "I tried butt stuff for the first time, and let's just say it didn't end well."

Jules's eyes widened in horror as Carmen recounted the embarrassing tale, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment as she realized the implications of what Carmen was implying, remembering how the Hispanic girl had pooped herself in the end. "Carmen, stop!" she exclaimed, her voice tinged with panic as she struggled against Victoria's hold.

But Carmen, undeterred by Jules's protests, continued to regale the group with the details of her misadventure, her laughter ringing out through the room as she recounted the embarrassing moment. And as the laughter filled the air, Jules couldn't help but join in.

As the teasing continued, the girls decided to take things up a notch. With a mischievous glint in their eyes, they rolled Jules over onto her stomach, leaving her butt in the air, vulnerable and exposed. Victoria, seizing the opportunity, pounced on the chance to further restrain her friend, straddling Jules's back to prevent her from escaping.

Jules let out a mixture of laughter and protest as she found herself pinned beneath Victoria's weight. "Come on, guys, this isn't funny anymore!" she exclaimed, her voice tinged with desperation as she squirmed beneath Victoria's grasp.

But her pleas fell on deaf ears as her friends continued to tease and laugh, seemingly oblivious to her distress. "Please, someone, grab my bum!" Jules begged between giggles, her high-induced laughter making it difficult to convey the seriousness of her predicament. "I can't hold it much longer!"

The room erupted into laughter as Jules's words registered with her friends, the absurdity of the situation only serving to heighten their amusement. But beneath the laughter, Jules felt a growing sense of panic as the pressure in her abdomen reached a critical point.

Despite the weed-induced giggles, Jules knew she was teetering on the brink of disaster. With each passing moment, the urgency of her need grew more pronounced, her body threatening to betray her at any moment. And as she struggled to contain her laughter, Jules couldn't shake the feeling that she was dangerously close to exploding.

Feeling Jules's desperation, Carmen couldn't help but heed her friend's plea. With a mischievous grin, she reached out and grabbed Jules's bum, her fingers lightly tracing the outline of her derriere through the fabric of her underwear and then tracing around the edge of her puckered bumhole.

Jules let out a nervous giggle as Carmen's touch sent shivers down her spine. Despite her embarrassment, she couldn't deny the sensation of Carmen's fingers against her skin, the warmth of her touch sending a flush of arousal coursing through her veins.

Jules' bum was a sight to behold, round and shapely, accentuated by the delicate fabric of her underwear. As Carmen teasingly traced the outline of Jules' bumhole, a giggle escaped her lips, her high-induced laughter mingling with a hint of nervous excitement.

"Okay, okay, enough!" Jules exclaimed, her voice tinged with laughter as she attempted to squirm away from Carmen's touch. "You win, Carmen. I'll admit defeat."

But Carmen, undeterred by Jules's protests, continued to tease her friend mercilessly, her laughter ringing out through the room as she playfully traced patterns on Jules' bum. "Oh, come on, Jules, where's your sense of adventure?" she teased, her voice filled with mischief. "You know you love it."

Jules let out a mock exasperated sigh, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment as she attempted to maintain her composure. "Fine, you win," she conceded, her voice filled with laughter. "But let's make a deal: no more bum-touching for the rest of the night."

Carmen grinned, her eyes twinkling with mischief but she did not release her grip on Jules's bum.

As Jules tensed up, desperately trying to hold back the inevitable, a sudden release of pressure caused a fart to escape, breaking the tense silence in the room. The sound echoed through the air, drawing startled glances from her friends, as Jules's cheeks flushed with embarrassment.

But before she could recover from the first mishap, another expulsion followed closely behind, this one accompanied by a wet sensation that sent a wave of panic coursing through Jules's veins. Her high-induced laughter gave way to a mixture of horror and mortification as she realized the gravity of the situation.

As the foul smell permeated the room, Carmen recoiled in shock, her hand instinctively withdrawing from Jules's bum as she recoiled in disgust. The sight of the brown splatter on Jules's underwear only served to heighten her revulsion, her eyes widening in horror as she took in the extent of the mess.

"Oh my God, Jules!" Carmen exclaimed, her voice tinged with disbelief as she surveyed the damage. "Are you okay?"

Jules's cheeks burned with humiliation as she attempted to compose herself, her mind racing with a mixture of embarrassment and panic. "I-I think so," she stammered, her voice trembling with embarrassment. "But I need to go clean up… and find a toilet... now."

As the realization of what had just transpired dawned on Carmen and Victoria, they immediately released Jules, jumping back in shock and horror. Their expressions mirrored Jules's own mortification as they realized the extent of the situation.

"Oh my God, Jules, we're so sorry!" Carmen exclaimed, her voice filled with genuine remorse as she reached out to offer her friend a comforting hand. "We didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

Victoria nodded in agreement, her eyes wide with concern as she echoed Carmen's sentiments. "Yeah, Jules, we were just joking around. We didn't mean for things to get out of hand."

But Jules, her mind reeling from a combination of embarrassment and panic, barely registered their apologies as she scrambled to get her jean shorts back on. Each attempt was met with frustration as her fidgety movements and the lingering effects of the weed made it difficult to maneuver the fabric.

As she struggled to pull the shorts up over her hips, more farts escaped, punctuating the tense atmosphere with a series of embarrassing noises. Jules's cheeks burned with humiliation as she felt the eyes of her friends on her, their concern palpable in the air.

"I-I need to go clean up," Jules managed to stammer, her voice trembling with embarrassment as she finally managed to get her shorts on. "I'll be back in a minute."

With a sense of urgency, Jules bolted from the room, her mind racing with a mixture of embarrassment and desperation. The high from the weed only served to exacerbate her fidgety movements, making it even more difficult to navigate the hallway as she made her way to the communal bathroom. And as she disappeared from view, her friends exchanged worried glances, silently hoping that she would be okay.

With a sense of urgency, Carmen and Victoria dashed after Jules, their footsteps echoing through the corridor as they rounded the corner and burst into the bathroom just in time to see Jules kick off her shorts and rush into one of the stalls.

From the back, they watched in concern as Jules hurriedly lowered herself onto the toilet seat, her movements urgent and desperate. The sound of her bowels releasing into her underwear echoed through the stall, punctuating the tense silence of the bathroom.

Carmen winced in sympathy as she caught a glimpse of the mess beneath Jules's shorts, the fabric stained with brown splatters from the unfortunate accident. The once vibrant and cheerful pattern of the underwear was now marred by the embarrassing evidence of Jules's mishap.

Victoria's heart went out to her friend as she witnessed Jules's distress, her own cheeks flushing with sympathy. "Jules, are you okay?" she called out, her voice filled with concern as she stepped closer to the stall.

But Jules, lost in her own world of embarrassment and desperation, barely registered their presence as she focused on the task at hand. With a mixture of relief and humiliation, she let out a long sigh as the pressure in her abdomen finally began to ease, her high-induced laughter giving way to a sense of relief.

As Carmen and Victoria waited anxiously outside the stall, they exchanged worried glances, silently offering their support to their friend in her moment of need. And after a long 30 seconds the sound of Jules's bowels finally subsided.

As Jules stood up from the toilet, the gravity of the situation became even more apparent. The weight of the massive load of poop in her underwear caused the fabric to sag heavily, the once vibrant pattern now obscured by the embarrassing mess.

Carmen and Victoria exchanged sympathetic glances as they caught sight of the extent of the accident. The sheer volume of poop in Jules's underwear was staggering, and it was clear that she had endured a significant ordeal.

Jules's cheeks burned with humiliation as she surveyed the damage, her mind racing with a mixture of embarrassment and frustration. She knew that cleaning up would be no easy task, and the thought of facing her friends again with the evidence of her mishap weighing heavily on her mind.

But despite the embarrassment of the moment, Jules knew that she couldn't let it defeat her. With a deep breath, she resolved to tackle the situation head-on, determined to clean up and move forward, no matter how embarrassing it might be. And as she began to gather her thoughts and formulate a plan, she knew that she could count on the support of her friends to help her through this embarrassing ordeal.

"Jules, we're so sorry," Carmen said, her voice filled with genuine remorse as she glanced at her friend. "We didn't mean for any of this to happen."

Victoria nodded in agreement, her eyes reflecting a mixture of concern and guilt. "Yeah, we were just joking around," she added, her voice tinged with regret. "We never meant to make you feel uncomfortable."

But Jules, ever forgiving, shook her head, a small smile playing on her lips despite the embarrassment of the situation. "It's okay, guys," she said, her voice filled with warmth and understanding. "We were all just having fun, and things got a little out of hand. I would have done the same if the roles were reversed."

Carmen and Victoria exchanged relieved glances, grateful for Jules's understanding and forgiveness. "Thanks, Jules," Carmen said, her voice tinged with gratitude. "You're the best."

And as they exchanged apologies and reassurances, the tension in the air began to dissipate, replaced by a sense of camaraderie.

With gentle hands and understanding smiles, Carmen and Victoria helped Jules strip out of her soiled clothes, their actions guided by a sense of compassion and camaraderie. They carefully removed each article of clothing, taking care to preserve Jules's dignity and ease her embarrassment.

First, they helped Jules peel off her stained underwear, the fabric heavy with the weight of the accident. With a mixture of sympathy and understanding, they disposed of the soiled garment, sparing Jules the added humiliation of having to deal with it herself.

Once Jules was stripped down to her bare skin, Carmen and Victoria guided her towards the shower, their supportive presence a source of strength and comfort for their friend in her moment of need. With warm water cascading over her skin, Jules let out a sigh of relief, the tension of the past few moments slowly melting away as she allowed herself to relax and unwind.

After Jules had finished showering and had dried off, Carmen and Victoria led her back to their room, where they stripped down to their underwear to watch "The Big Lebowski," a comforting ritual that had become a favorite among Jules and Victoria.

As they settled onto the bed, Victoria reached into her drawer and pulled out a pair of pink cotton panties, offering them to Jules with a warm smile. "Here, Jules," she said, her voice filled with kindness. "I thought you might like these. They're comfy and cute, just like you."

Jules accepted the panties with gratitude, her cheeks flushing with embarrassment at the gesture of kindness. "Thanks, Victoria," she said, her voice filled with gratitude. "You're the best." And as she slipped into the soft cotton fabric, she couldn't help but feel a sense of warmth and gratitude for the unwavering support of her friends, even in the face of their own bad decisions.

As "The Big Lebowski" played softly in the background, casting flickering shadows across the room, the three friends found themselves drifting off to sleep, their bodies entwined in a comforting tangle of limbs and blankets.

Carmen nestled against Victoria's side, her breathing slow and steady as she surrendered to the embrace of sleep. Victoria, in turn, draped an arm protectively around Carmen, her features softened by the gentle glow of the television screen.

Meanwhile, Jules lay curled up on the other side of the bed, her head resting on Carmen's lap as she succumbed to the warmth and comfort of her friends' presence. With a contented sigh, she closed her eyes and allowed herself to drift off into dreams, knowing that she was surrounded by the love and support of those who mattered most.

In that moment, as the soft sounds of snoring filled the air and the room grew quiet, the three friends felt a sense of peace wash over them. Despite the uncertainty of the future and the challenges that lay ahead, they knew that they would always have each other—a comforting thought that lulled them into a deep and restful sleep.

And as they slept, tangled together in a cocoon of friendship and love, they felt confident that no matter where life took them, their bond would remain unbreakable, a source of strength and support that would carry them through whatever new adventures and challenges arose in the years to come.

For some, the Piddle Pants Club would remain a bond that would last a lifetime.

*092*2024-04-10 21:34

{{9 hours ago, Cojiro said:

Plus not only is she really hot, but she's such a great person as well. Putting the needs of her friends over her own urges really makes her my favorite character in this.

That was an absolute joy to read!

}}

Thanks, Jules is one of my favourites to write! I’m glad you liked it and was happy for the recommendation!

I hadn’t remembered that Jules hadn’t messed herself yet…

*095*2024-04-12 15:33

{{16 hours ago, JayJLor said:

Good story.

}}

Thanks! I am very excited to share the next chapter with you all, you'll never guess who it is about 🙂

*097*2024-04-16 01:52

{{3 hours ago, JayJLor said:

Do you take requests?

}}

I'm open to suggestions, but I don't usually take requests. Why, what's up?

*100*2024-04-23 18:22

{{On 4/21/2024 at 4:25 PM, JayJLor said:

What if all the girls came together and had a contest and they peed and pooped themselves for shits and giggles.

}}

A contest isn’t out of the question, but probably not exactly for shits and giggles 🙂

{{28 minutes ago, championes said:

This is a great story , keep going!

I'm interested to hear more about Victoria resorting to wearing diapers, maybe a spin-off story?

}}

I’m pondering a spin-off starting Victoria and April, and that could definitely be something that is explored. Victoria has regained her confidence to an extent, but I may write about her experiences. Let me know if that’s something you’d be interested in!

