You Love Me, Really - Page 3

Author: Noot

*052*2020-07-30 23:46

Wanted to experiment today! I really wanted to write some more of this story but I'm pressed for time- I didn't want to compromise on quality so I've decided to try something different, and probably for the first and last time. This is a chapter composed entirely of a text conversation between the two characters, to fill the gap between the last chapter and the next one.

###

Back x

Heya babe! Where'd you go?

Alice came round quickly

Alice? Why?

She needed a shit. I'll explain later x

Sounds like a story I'm gonna want to hear in person

You're not wrong there, mate, it'll make a lot more sense in context

I hope so, because right now it just sounds like she fancied coming round yours to take a dump lmao

Nah, I'm not THAT popular

Actually, speaking of needing a poo, I've had one brewing all day, I'm acc desperate

Ooh, really?

Yeah x haven't had time to go inbetween the trains... will be good to get to yours and unload heheh

Just don't clog it please, hun

I can't make any promises. Gonna be a big one

No, I'm serious haha. I haven't been able to flush Alice's yet. She did three massive ones ffs

Aha! A benchmark to aim for!

No Bex, it's not a competition. Besides, I'd win if it was. I really have to go too...

How bad? Maybe our bodies are just really in sync

I don't think there's anything in science that would support that x

Our periods have synced up since we were fourteen mate, it's the same principle

It's not the same fucking principle and you know it and to answer your question, it's an 8/10 right now, i'm busting

Why haven't you been yet if it's that desperate? Naughty girl

Because I didn't realise I needed one until Alice had already clogged up the loo

Ahh. RIP

Not funny, Bex. You know when seeing someone else go just makes you realllllllllly need one as well?

Of course, hun, I've been having that exact experience with you for ten years!!!

This is true. Well by the time she was done I was busting. But if you need a shit too I'll just wait for you to get here x

Yay! Hope you don't mind letting me go first because you love me x

Hmmmmmm. Will I get a kiss?

Maybe. I'm only like twenty minutes away now

That's really good news

Why?

Because I'm almost turtleheading

Hahaha only almost?

When you get here you can check

Oi! Kinky. Missed me???

Of course, babe. Can I tell you a secret?

Go on

I was about to get naughty thinking about you when Alice knocked on the door

Ooh. Naughty girl. You should've ignored her and carried on

And let her poo her pants?

Why not? Either way only one of you gets some relief

Mmmm maybe. But now I can just wait until you're home to get my relief

Welp you're gonna have to wait a little longer because priority numero uno when I get into yours is gonna be having a biggggggggg shit... I just did a silent but deadly and I think the man in front of me thinks it was the kid opposite, muahaha

Evil Becca! I'm doing plenty of loud farts instead. Jealous?

Very. Don't fill your panties yet though, I'm almost home.

Yet?

Oi oi, you know what I meant Han. What were you thinking of before Alice rocked up?

Go onnnnnnnn xxx

Not telling

If you tell me I'll let you poo first

Ooh. I'm not really in a position to turn that down.

Muahaha

Well played, Bex. OK, if you must know, I was thinking about that thing you did with your tongue the other night...

Ooh, that was fun. Anything else?

Nuh uh!

You sure, lil baby?

I'm sure

You can tell me xxx

How close are you? I'm really desperate for a poo and I think I need a wee as well. Might just go without you

Don't you dare! But yeah now you mention it I just realised I defo need a piss too. I'm probably less than ten minutes away. Can you hold it that long?

Yeah, think so. But the room will stink of farts by the time you get here. Can you hold 2?

Yessssss. And I don't mind the farts heheh. I'm making plenty of lil smells myself

Cutie now hurry up and get your booty in here before i shit myself for like the third time this month

Easy for you to say! You're right by the loo. I've gotta waddle all the way up the stairs and keep it clenched in

I'll make it worth the wait once we're both empty

You'd better, cutie x I'm at the bus stop now. Any advice?

Yeah, when you poo your panties, try and keep it contained or it'll fall out the bottom of your trousers

Trousers? I'm in a dress haha. Gonna focus on walking now though- c you in five!

Good luck! See you soon, and hurry because i think i'm touching cloth down there haha

You and me both babe talk soon x

###

*054*2020-08-04 22:23

###

Hannah was beyond desperate by the time a knocking came at her bedroom door. She stood quickly, feeling the fullness of her butt as a first log sat heavily, impatiently waiting to slide out. The first sight to greet her was Becca's gorgeous grin on the other side of the door. Without a word, the taller girl stepped inside and took Hannah in her arms. Their lips locked for a passionate moment, and Hannah felt as though missing a part of her body had just returned. When they broke apart, she could get a closer look at her girlfriend, and in those few brief seconds the telltale signs of desperation were quite plain to see. Becca was a long way from relaxed, her legs pressed firmly together, knees bent subtly. She waited for the door to close before she spoke.

"I missed you," she said breathlessly.

"You too," Hannah said back, meaning it.

"I'm busting here. What's the toilet situation?"

"Come and see for yourself," Hannah told her, stepping into the bathroom and opening the lid. Instantly a stench filled the room. Becca looked down in wide-eyed amazement at the mess that Alice had deposited. At first glance, one would be forgiven for thinking that there was no water in the bowl at all.

"She just did that and left?" Becca whispered in shock.

"Yeah, and it won't flush- look," Hannah reached over to push the silver lever and, as predicted, got nothing for her trouble. The toilet simply gargled weakly, and the load barely budged.

"Crap. Do you think we should risk it?" Becca asked, clearly hoping the answer would be yes.

"I don't know, Bex, I really don't want to have to call maintenance". The only maintenance guy in their building was a middle-aged, slightly creepy dude who barely spoke to any of the students. The genius of this hire was that it motivated the tenants even further not to break anything in their flats- but in times like these it created more problems than it solved.

"Okay, I see your point, but I really fucking need a poo," Becca said, dancing vigorously on the spot as if to illustrate her point.

"Alright, okay... how about we hold it as long as we can and then if Alice's still won't flush we just accept that the toilet's getting blocked?"

"Deal".

For the second time, Hannah looked her friend up and down and was struck by how beautiful she was even in this most embarrassing of times. Becca's long, braided black hair bounced up and down on her back as she jiggled frantically. Her breasts shook loosely beneath a thin red dress with every movement. It was pretty clear to Hannah that the taller girl had dressed to impress, perhaps with some welcome-home sex in mind, and hadn't expected this desperate twist at all.

"You look great, babe," Hannah said, trying- perhaps hoping- to change the topic.

"Why, thank you, Han. I was hoping you'd rip this dress off me when I got in, but then... you know, this happened".

"Why should that stop me from ripping that dress off you?" Hannah teased, stepping closer.

"Mm, perhaps because if you try anything naughty on me right now I will poo myself," Becca pointed out.

"Ooh," Hannah said lightly, "that's tempting".

"I never know if you're being serious or not".

"Me neither". Hannah lent in and kissed her once more. When they broke apart, it was clear that Becca had a question on her mind.

"What were you thinking about earlier?", she asked, but Hannah shot her a confused look. "Earlier, you said you were wanking thinking about me, but when I asked what you were thinking about you changed the subject".

"Oh, that. It doesn't matter," Hannah said quickly, but she felt her cheeks blush, giving the game away. Becca looked at her seriously.

"I'm going to wait until you tell me, babe, and if I feel like you're lying I'll tickle you until you can't hold it," she warned.

"You wouldn't," Hannah whispered, but the look in Becca's eyes told her she was dead serious.

"You know I won't judge you, Han," she cooed, sliding her hands down to Hannah's hips as if to hold her in place. For a second, she could see Hannah's brain working, trying to figure out if she should open up or not. Finally, she opened her mouth.

"Okay, I'll tell you, but I swear you're going to regret asking," Hannah said. Becca shook her head vigorously.

"Don't be silly. I love you, Han".

Hannah sighed.

"Okay, here it is. Earlier- and I was really horny and it probably doesn't mean anything- I was thinking about the other night," she confessed. She wanted to back out, wanted to run away, but it was too late.

"What other night?"

"The night when you shit your pants," Hannah said bluntly.

###

*058*2020-08-19 00:19

So I haven't found time to write anything more on this story for a long while now, but today that changed. I've really missed writing these two characters, and not finishing their story would've been letting myself down massively. I've always been conscious that my stories are very dialogue-heavy, but with Hannah and Becca the dialogue is 90% of the charm, so in this chapter I've decided just to embrace it. I hope you enjoy too!

###

"When I..."

"When you pooped yourself, Bex," Hannah repeated, "I'm sorry if that sounds weird".

"It does," Becca said, shaking her head, "it's the last thing I expected you to say".

"I know, it's crazy. Can we forget I said anything?"

Becca did something then that Hannah didn't see coming: she kissed her. It wasn't a passionate kiss, certainly not sexual. But it was loving, and it made the world of difference to Hannah's worried mind.

"No, I don't think we're going to do that," Becca said. She sat on the bed and patted a spot beside her, indicating that she wanted Hannah to take a seat, which she did. "Tell me more, please".

"It's kind of embarrassing," Hannah said sheepishly.

"Han, in the time we've known each other I've seen you poo your pants several times, wet yourself even more, wee in an alleyway and I've walked in on you playing with yourself. I've also seen your internet history, which was disgusting, by the way". Hannah couldn't help laughing at this- the fears that she might have scared off Becca were fading now. "I don't think you could embarrass yourself in my eyes anymore".

"Okay, point taken," she smiled, "what do you want to know?"

"Well, let's start with why it turned you on," Becca probed. She was curious and, Hannah noted, had adapted very quickly to this revelation- almost suspiciously quickly.

"Honestly, Bex, I have no idea," Hannah answered innocently.

"Try and guess for me,"

"Huh. I think it's something to do with you doing something so intimate in front of me," she mused.

"Hannah, you've seen me go for a poo hundreds of times," Becca pointed out.

"I know, but this time was different. I think it's because we're dating now," Hannah suggested, "everything changes once you've, you know... done the sexy times,"

"We first had sex weeks ago, you've seen me poo since then, too,"

"I know, I know. That's why I don't get it," Hannah said.

"Do you think it was because you shat yourself on the same night?" Becca asked.

"Maybe. Or maybe it was because you were so sexy," Hannah teased.

"Don't try and change the subject, Han,"

"Sorry".

"What about right now?" Becca was moving now, swinging one knee over Hannah's lap so she was kneeling right up against her girlfriend, "you're desperate, I'm desperate... does it do anything for you?"

Hannah frowned. "I genuinely don't know," she answered earnestly.

"Want me to take off those panties and find out?"

"Bex!" Hannah laughed, but she didn't respond to the question.

"Well?"

Hannah paused. She knew that Becca would make good on the threat, so there was no point denying anything.

"Okay, I'm probably wet," Hannah admitted, "but it's your fault!"

"How is it my fault?"

"You're being all cute and shit! With your lines about ripping the dress off, and... and..."

"And needing a poo?" Becca finished. Hannah looked away.

"Yeah,"

"Don't look so embarrassed!" Becca insisted, "trust me, Han, I get it,"

"You do?" Hannah couldn't believe what she was hearing.

"Yeah, I do. Back when we were just friends, and I was crushing on you hard, I always thought it was cute when you said you needed a wee. It made you look all vulnerable and stuff,"

"Does it still do anything for you?"

"Well, yeah, kind of... I try not to think about it too much because it feels a bit pervy, but when I think about it, it's a turn-on knowing we're both desperate right now".

"Seriously?"

"Seriously".

"This is turning you on?"

"Yep,"

"Don't mess with me, Bex".

Becca sighed, took Hannah's left hand in her right and led it beneath that thin red dress. Slowly, she held the palm up to her crotch. Hannah was stunned to find that there was no underwear between her and her girlfriend's pussy. She was even more stunned to come into contact with wet, warm flesh.

"Surprise?" Becca said with a wink.

"Holy shit," Hannah breathed.

"See?"

"Yeah, I do,"

"Just don't go a few inches lower," Becca warned. Hannah cocked her head.

"Why, what's a few inches lower?"

"Probably a poo sticking out,"

"Bex! So you're sitting on my legs with a turtlehead," Hannah was struggling not to laugh, but she was also- wait- was she turned on at the thought of it? No, surely that couldn't be right.

"Deal with it," Becca said slyly.

"Oh, shit, Becca," Hannah moaned, "I really wanna have sex. I've been looking forward to it all day. But..."

"But you're too desperate?"

"Exactly,"

"Me too," Becca said, "but as soon as this is out of me, we have a lot of catching up to do".

*060*2020-08-19 01:49

{{11 minutes ago, Edward45 said:

The relationship between these two is one of the realest ones . Feels one hundred percent genuine

}}

Thanks! I want these girls to feel like real people. I'm not quite there yet but with more practice I think I'll get it right.

*064*2020-10-12 12:10

{{On 10/9/2020 at 10:09 PM, PottyInMyPants said:

Loving your stories, including your newer ones, but do you plan to continue this one?

}}

To be honest, I don't know. I kind of f**ked up this story. I made things escalate too quickly. They went from friends to lovers in a couple of weeks. Hannah went from straight to bi in a few days (which is probably the worst bit of writing I've ever done). After the first few chapters they were messing almost every single week. I'll probably come back to this story when I've figured out where to take it but I need some time to figure out how to keep it interesting, basically.

