The Great Indian Toilet Story

Author: Ranganath

*000*2015-03-16 19:15

Hi everyone. This will be my first attempt at writing fiction, so go easy on me . Please keep in mind that this is a work of fiction and any relationship to reality is purely coincidence.

WARNING : Contains MESSING, albeit relatively tame

___

Preethi, a college student in Mysore, was waiting expectantly for the bell to ring, as it blared,she got up, relieved. Preethi had just finished her second last class of the day, and she was exhausted. She stepped out of the class with her friend Lakshmi to head to the washroom to freshen up. Half way there however, the bell blared, and Preethi had to stop, dejectedly, and turn back to class. The outfit, as I may have mentioned before, for girls in Indian colleges is:

Not having washed her face, Preethi's exhaustion got the better of her and she began to doze off, sleeping for the better half of the class. She woke up just under 5 minuted before the end of the lesson, and tried her best to look attentive despite the drooping of her eyelids. Finally, after a seeming eternity, the bell rang, and Preethi got up and went to talk to Lakshmi. They talked for about 10 minutes or so, then said goodbye and turned to leave. To their surprise, they saw their classmates flocking back into the class, followed by a stern English professor. Upon asking one of her classmates as to what was happening, Preethi got the answer that owing to this class's bad grades in English,the teacher had taken an extra hour of classes.

Now, apart from feeling bored, Preethi began to feel a twinge in her abdomen, a slight contraction of the bladder muscles; nothing serious but rather uncomfortable nonetheless. About 30 minutes into the class however, the need intensified considerably. Legs tightly pressed together, Preethi tried to remember the last time that she had gone to the bathroom. She couldn't. After substantial effort, she remembered stopping by the toilets on her way to classes in the morning, a flask of water and two buttermilks ago. She squirmed silently in her seat and when the bell rang, she got up and went over to Lakshmi.

Lakshmi was a year or so younger to Preethi, and was a fair bit chubbier, but still undeniably good looking. She wore a saree (another accepted form of clothing) and would look a lot like :

Preethi approached Lakshmi, but before she could say anything to inform Lakshmi of her plight, Lakshmi said,

"Sorry, but I've really got to visit the toilets, I've been waiting since lunch", she said with a nervous giggle softly. Preethi just nodded her head and tagged along behind the almost jogging Lakshmi in front of her. They walked to the other side of the large block and climbed up to the top floor where the toilets were, only to see that the Ladies toilet was locked firmly with a large iron bolt. Lakshmi almost doubled over, but regained her composure quickly. Looking around, she saw the men's bathroom door, wide open, just next to the locked Ladies stall.

"Wait here," Lakshmi said, and, feet shuffling in her place, gave her handbag to Preethi, and dashed inside of the Men's toilet. Preethi was sorely tempted to do the same, the pain in her abdomen growing ever more prominent. About 20 seconds later, she was about to go in, when Lakshmi came out, a look of relief lighting up her face.

"My God, it stinks in there, and don't even get me started on the cleanliness, ugh!!", said Lakshmi.

Preethi was in two minds as to whether or not to tell Lakshmi that she too had to relieve herself. It would be embarrassing, but, would alleviate her bladder's aching. She turned to Lakshmi and said,

"Hey..", but trailed off abruptly, as she saw Krishna, the hottest guy in her class, stroll into the men's washroom.

"What", Lakshmi asked, turning around.

"Oh, nothing.", said Preethi, already starting to walk away.

She exited with Lakshmi, strolling out of the block and towards the bus stop to catch the ride home. After 15 minutes of walking, they arrived at the bus station. As they were walking in, Lakshmi's bus was slowly leaving the station. Lakshmi shouted a goodbye to Preethi, and chased the slowly accelerating bus, hopping in gracefully. Preethi was relieved and almost sprinted off to find a bathroom. She tapped the woman standing next to her and whispered,

"Alli ṭāyleṭ āgide ( Where is a toilet)?"

The lady grinned knowingly, and gestured to a large white wall that seemed to cordon off a certain area,with a small gap in the side allowing one to get through. Preethi, nodded her head gratefully, and dashed off to the wall, ducking through the small gap and came face to face with this:

Preethi's bladder shouted for relief, but this was too much she thought to herself, telling herself that she'd be able to wait till she made it back home. She stepped out of the enclosure just as a G6 (her bus), was departing. She sprinted after it without a second thought an jumped inside, bought a ticket, and stood, surrounded by a thronging sweaty horde of tired women. Jump to half an hour later, and Preethi's bladder was in agony.

Shuffling her feet and constantly changing her position was necessary for Preethi to maintain control over her rebelling bladder. From time to time, when nobody was looking, she even bent over and pressed her fist into her crotch. She was only now realizing the gravity of her mistake, there was no way she could wait for another 10 minutes, much less half an hour! As she stood there, thinking about her situation, the bus lurched and went over a speed bump. Preethi swung forward and instantly felt a short but pressurized squirt of liquid dampen her dark green underwear. She gasped softly out loud, causing a few of the women nearby to turn and look at her. She snuck her hand down to her crotch, gently touching the hem of her Salwa to see if the damage was visible. While nothing was visible on her legs, there was a large damp patch directly in between Preethi's legs. The bus lurched again and Preethi felt the dampness grow. At this point there was only one thought in her mind,

"I need to get off this bus NOW!!!"

The bus pulled in at the next stop and Preethi leapt off, dashing madly towards anything that even vaguely resembled a washroom.

She dashed inside the ladies section only to see a line of four stalls with padlocks bolting them shut, and one stall, with two women already fidgeting outside. The layout would look something like this:

Attempting to maintain her composure, she walked over to the women and stood behind them in line. The woman in front of her wore a saree and looked as if she had come from the nearby village. Her clothing style, coupled with her jewelry and the color of her skin seemed to say as much, although she was quite young, 19 at the oldest. It was probably a result of her being from a village, that she didn't appear to be fidgeting or worried at all. The woman at the front of the line however, wore jeans, and looked a lot like:

This lady was fidgeting a lot and looked extremely worried. Preethi tapped the lady in front of her and gesturing to the position in front of her,asked if she could cut in line. She was met with a curt nod and a head bob by the cute village girl who looked a lot like:

. Preethi eagerly cut in the queue and stood behind the lady in front; putting all of her effort into not soaking her kurti.

Preethi tapped the shoulder of the woman in front of her and gave a courteous smile. The lady in front said calmly, (despite the beads of sweat running down her cheek)

"What's your name?", in English, albeit quite accentuated.

"Preethi", she replied, struggling to control, "And you?"

"Aa ... Aankita", she said, stammering midway.

Preethi suddenly doubled over, folding in on her already tightly crossed legs, as another squirt of pee shot out from between her legs and streamed down her left leg, leaving a visible trail on the fabric as it went. Aankita obviously noticed this, as Preethi noticed Aankita looking at her legs before looking back quickly. Aankita quickly banged on the stall door and shouted,

"Karisma, hurry up!! There's three of us out here and we all really have to.."

Aankita's voice was cut off by a loud fart from inside the stall followed by a timid voice,

"Sorry Aankita, but I think.....", a loud splat reached our ears," I think I'll be a while...".

"We don't HAVE a while!!!", Aankita shouted, banging on the door. Suddenly she keeled over slightly, clutching her stomach.

"Uh, Aankita; are you okay", Preethi asked, though she knew the answer.

"Not really", said Aankita, her voice strained. "My roommate Karisma and I, we .... well we had some bad food in the PG for lunch. By the time we noticed, we saw that the restrooms had been closed for maintenance,a busted pipe or something...", Aankita moaned slightly and bent over,"...They told us it'd be done in forty minutes and so we thought we'd wait. By the time we realized we couldn't, it was late. We asked the heads of the PG where the nearest bathroom was and they directed us here, it's about a ten minute walk from our PG. I've made it till now but Karisma", she lowered her voice," She actually had kind of an accident on the way here. We stopped to ask a cop for directions and well..... it must have been having to stand still, but whatever it was, it didn't fare well for her."

"Oh..", Preethi said, unsure of what else to do, "I'm sorry.....", her voice trailed off.

"It's okay", Aankita continued in her strained voice, "What about you though, are you fine??"

"N..Not entirely..", Preethi stuttered, "I just really have to pee though.."

"Ah", said Aankita, looking at the trickle on Preethi's leg, "I can tell", she said with a half smile.

Suddenly, with no prior warning, the smile dissipated and a worried look covered Aankita's face. She clutched her stomach tighter as another wave of desperation hit. Bent over, she slammed her fist into the cubicle door twice with such strength Preethi jumped back in alarm.

"KARISMA!!!", Aankita shouted,"Open the door right now! Just take a pause, and hold it for half a minute, it's an emergency out here! I ca..can't.....", a loud wet fart crackled and Aankita's hand shot to her but, patting it, as if searching for signs of damage. "Karisma please", she lowered her voice,"Come out right now, it..it's coming.."

Preethi, despite her shuffling legs and her hand, which had been buried deep in her crotch for the last 5 minutes, couldn't hold off the tide forever. She fought her bladder for control but couldn't win completely. Another small spurt of piss escaped from between her dark pressed legs, soaking the fabric of her dark green panties. A soft sob cut through the air as Preethi nearly began to cry. She had never wet herself before, to the best of her recollection, and she most certainly didn't intend to start now. She pulled her hand out from between her thighs for just a second, and inspected her palm. It was wet, very wet. Droplets of urine trickled off of it onto the tiled floor below.

Aankita banged on the bathroom door once more, hand now tightly clasping her ass, and shouted,

"Hurry up!! What's taking you so long??!!"

A timid and embarrassed voice came from Karisma inside the stall,

" Well, i..it's kind of a m..mess in here", her voice quivered.

Aankita was not to be swayed, she banged relentlessly on the door, tears forming in her eyes and shouted tearfully,

"Please Karisma... Please!!!...." she yelled, on the verge of crying.

At that moment the stall door opened and Karisma stepped out. The smell was incredulously strong, and even the lady from the village gave a gentle cough. In stark contrast to Aankita, Karisma was clothed very traditionally, and stepped out of the bathroom looking just like this:

A split second before Karisma opened the door, another gush escaped from Preethi, much larger than any so far. She frantically managed to stem it's flow, if only for a moment, by bending over and placing both hands firmly between her legs, but it was to no avail. Another spurt came, and another spurt directly after that. Preethi was seconds away from full out wetting her Salwa Kameez.

The moment the door opened, Aankita dashed inside, followed by a sobbing Preethi, leaving a trail of piss droplets behind her. Aankita's own need far too urgent to care about anything else, saw Preethi enter the one toilet stall and just glanced away, frantically unbuckling the belt on her skin tight jeans. Preethi took this as a sign that no objection was present from Aankita's side to sharing a stall. Preethi frantically lifted up her Salwa, and began to untie her Kameez, even as pressurized spurts of piss shot out from her tight brown lips, streaming steadily down her kurti legs.

"Karisma really wasn't lying though", Preethi said gasping, trying to untie the knot, to Aankita, trying to take off her belt, "This stall is really a mess...". Preethi's eyes wandered furtively around the stall, and the toilet in particular:

"I wonder how bad that food was....." Preethi mused out loud, just as Aankita got her belt off and began to frantically yank her pants down over the firm curvature of her shapely ass . A split second later, a deafening continuous splat filled the air as Aankita literally exploded, unable to control her sphincter any longer. A large amount missed the toilet bowl, but Aankita deftly re positioned herself to a neat squat above the hole in the ground.

Within two seconds of Aankita removing her belt, Preethi managed to untie her kurti. As there was just enough room on the toilet for one of them, Preethi, without a second thought, yanked down her wet kurti along with her saturated panties, and, exposing her damp privates to the chilly winter air, squatted right where she was, right opposite Aankita, and stopped fighting her bladder. The moment that Preethi's panties were at her thighs, the dam broke. No more spurts and leaks, this was a full out flood. Preethi squatted on the floor embarrassed, unable to do anything as she drowned the floor in her piss, even getting some on Aankita's shoes. Aankita's face was also red and hung as she looked down at the ground in front of her and continued to violently evacuate her bowels.

The door shook and both heard Karisma shout:

"Hurry up, please... I told you I wasn't done, I really can't wait, GET OUT NOW!!"

Aankita shouted, "Wait one minute", and all was quiet except for the hiss of urine on tiles and Aankita's splatter on porcelain.

10 seconds later, and both were still performing their duties. Preethi's eyes moved slightly upwards, to the soiled panties stretched between Aankita's knees, pure white with a noticeably large brown smudge. Preethi felt a warmness growing in her extremities, and it wasn't just the pee. Within a minute, Preethi had finished peeing and Aankita was almost done

<or so she said>. Preethi stood up, and pulled her wet and clammy panties up, tightly over her crotch. Not wanting to expose the squatting Aankita to a stranger, lest they be waiting outside the door, Preethi turned her back and waited for Aankita to finish. Within a minute, the tell tale sound of water hitting porcelain informed Preethi that Aankita's need had been satisfied.

Aankita stood up, and removed her jeans entirely, taking off her soiled panties and leaving them in an undignified heap in the corner of the stall. She then put her jeans back on and tapped Preethi on the shoulder and gently whispered,

"You can turn around now.."

Preethi hesitantly turned around, but upon seeing Aankita fully clothed, she relaxed. Aankita moved in close to Preethi and seductively whispered into her ear,

"I saw you watching me, give me a call sometime and I'll give you something worth watching...."

Aankita's hand made its way up the inside of Preethi's inner thigh and grasped her pussy, squeezing it gently, as Preethi let out a sharp moan. Having never been exposed to such sexual excitement before, Preethi was on the verge of coming, every cell in her body was begging for it, every particle craving for release as she grasped Aankita's denim-clad ass. Aankita squeezed more, harder and harder; Preethi's eyes rolled back in her head in anticipation of climax, when a loud banging on the door interrupted them.

"OY!! It's Karisma, open the door now, da!! I really can't wait anymore!!".

Aankita pulled back, looked Preethi in the eyes playfully, tapped her crotch once and opened the stall door, and was almost knocked down by a charging Karisma barging in, the hem of he saree being dampened by the residual piss on the floor. Aankita and Preethi were awkwardly pushed out of the stall as the door was hastily slammed and latched behind them.

Aankita handed a torn sheet of paper with her phone number to Preethi and whispered,

"Call me..."

Karisma's splatter echoed in the hollow bathroom and both giggled slightly before going their separate ways. Preethi arrived home within an hour, and, after an unbelievably embarrassing conversation with her mother as to why her pants were wet and she was late, she made her way to her room.

She entered the room, slammed the door behind her, and already taking off her Salwa, rushed towards the bathroom and sat down on the toilet, naked. She spread her legs, once more exposing the dampness between her thighs to the chilly winter air, but this time, she had her fingers to warm it.

______

Thanks a lot everyone! Hope you enjoyed the story. To all the fans of Indian desperation out there, if you want a sequel or new stories, don't hesitate to ask, message me. Also, if you actually had the patience to read through the whole thing, here's a hot Indian desperation video

%http://95.211.228.117/watch/231036419_167311108

Have a good time!! Please comment

