You Love Me, Really

Author: Noot

*000*2020-07-09 23:28

So I was pretty happy with my first attempt at a story on the forums, but next I wanted to write something a bit more grounded, with fewer central characters and a little more pace to it.

This story will contain sexual content (nothing extreme, violent or overly explicit, though, as per the guidelines), a good deal of messing and a (hopefully) realistic amount of swearing- I know that plenty in the community aren't into one or all of those things, so feel free to skip this story if it's not your cup of tea. As it's about young people in the UK, themes like alcohol will feature and other mature topics like drugs may be explored, but I will leave a warning at the top of each chapter if it contains any content that I believe some people would rather not read about. I've never written anything like this before so I hope you all enjoy.

P.S: It's really important to me that all of my stories handle themes like gender identity and sexuality in a mature and respectful way. If you have any issues with the way my writing portrays any of these topics, I'd really appreciate it if you let me know so I can educate myself and get better!

###

A heavy thud on an alley floor. A high-pitched shriek that cut through the murmur of the crowd. Scarlet and indigo, flashing alternately in dim light.

Becca knew it was a strike from the moment the heavy ball left her hand. She'd pulled off one of those rare bowls that didn't swerve, didn't roll, just glided down the smooth alley like a cannonball and sent all ten pins flying with a satisfying rattle. Playing it cool, she turned as soon as the pins toppled and strutted back to her seat. The other player in the game, who also happened to be her closest friend, looked less than impressed.

"You're so lucky," Hannah insisted for the fourth time that evening.

"All skill, baby," Becca smirked, draining the bottom of her cocktail glass, "there's no such thing as luck in this game". This, of course, was untrue; both of them knew that Becca had hit at least a couple of lucky shots, but she wasn't about to confess. "Oh, and you being three drinks deep probably isn't helping," she added.

"That's bollocks!" Hannah protested, "If anything, alcohol makes my aim better". The shorter girl rose from her seat to take her next turn, scouring the rack for one of the lighter balls.

"In that case, I'd hate to see you bowl sober".

"You have seen me bowl sober," Hannah reminded her, "and I sucked even harder".

Becca let that point slide, caught up in other thoughts. Perhaps it was the booze, but she couldn't help taking in the view as her friend selected a ball. Hannah hadn't bowled a single strike yet, and several of her shots had gone straight into the gutter, but she still refused to settle for anything less than the perfect instrument. Still seated, Becca was treated to the perfect eyeline to admire what she saw, and it would have surely been rude to pass up such an opportunity. Hannah had squeezed into her tight black jeans for the occasion, showing off a figure to be proud of for any pair of eyes that might wander down there. Becca had always loved those black jeans, but she doubted very much that Hannah expected Becca's eyes to be among those enjoying them. Much to Becca's growing frustration, her friend was- at least so long as she could tell- totally straight.

Hannah finally identified the ball she was after, a small blue globe with tight holes that were a perfect fit for her slender fingers. She turned to Becca and, with the kind of unjustified confidence that only a tipsy person playing a game they were terrible at could exude, told her to "watch and learn". It was blatantly clear that Hannah was as shocked as anyone when, after a half-stumble in the run-up, the ball caught perfectly and took down every pin in a mirror image of Becca's earlier strike. With a disbelieving squeal, she span on one heel towards the seats, both arms raised in triumph.

"Holy shit," Becca laughed, getting to her feet in mock applause, "now that was lucky".

"Maybe, but I don't care! I actually got a strike!" Hannah pulled her in for a tight hug, overwhelmed by drunken joy. Without really thinking, she kissed Becca hard on the lips- a platonic kiss, fun but not passionate, fuelled by sheer adrenaline. When she broke away, both girls were grinning, riding the high of Hannah's unexpected success. The pair may have only had three drinks each, but they'd been strong enough to propel them into what Hannah called the 'hugging phase"- not to mention quickly fill up both bladders, as was inevitable on any night out. Both ladies had plenty of experience in that department- when Becca had to pee, as she had to pee now, she could go from fine to desperate in a matter of minutes, and Hannah wasn't much better.

"Calm down, mate," Becca said with a laugh, "you're still getting thrashed".

"A strike is a strike, I can die happy now".

"That may be true, but I've got the last go coming up, so even if you were a teeny tiny bit close to my score I'd still be about to kick your arse," Becca pointed out, stepping up to take her final shot as her friend finished her last cocktail. It swerved at the last moment and ended up in the gutter, but Becca couldn't care less. Although she would rather die than show it, the kiss was the only thing on her mind while the final scores were announced. That and going for a wee soon, she thought. Her body had rapidly stepped up efforts to persuade her to empty her bloated bladder.

"Where to next?"

"It's..." Hannah checked her phone quickly, "just gone eight now. We can head to one of the bars, I can pick up some hot guys..." she said with a wink.

Becca rolled her eyes lovingly. "Yeah, you really are a magnet for the, um, hot guys".

"Oi, shut up," Hannah giggled, "and don't worry. I'm sure there'll be plenty of hot girls for you too".

"Alright, you can pick the club," Becca conceded, "but I'm going to the toilet before we leave, I'm busting for a wee".

Hannah burped softly. "Alright, I'll meet you right outside". She also had to use the loo, but didn't fancy the long walk across the building and resolved to hold it until they reached the club.

Becca made her way down the rows of alleys towards the bathrooms, which she remembered from nights out of the past. They weren't kept in the best condition, and always smelt strongly of toilet cleaner to her, but they were infinitely more attractive to her than the prospect of waiting another ten minutes. Feeling the alcohol more clearly now she had been walking, the young woman slipped into a stall, unbuttoned her jeans and sat down. A thick stream started up almost instantly, blessing her with relief from the ache of her bladder, but Becca quickly lost focus on the wee. Inspecting the lacy black underwear, her suspicions were confirmed- they were damp, but not with urine. Whether the alcohol was culpable or not, her stolen glances at Hannah's curves and the subsequent kiss had had more of an effect than she'd realised at the time.

When Becca went to gently wipe after finishing her wee, an unexpectedly sensitive response to the paper touch made her shiver. She dropped the single sheet into the yellow-tinged water. Before pulling up her panties, though, she slipped a thin wad of toilet roll inside to protect them from any further damage.

Hannah was waiting in the cold southern English air outside the bowling alley.

"How are you feeling?" she asked as they began to head along the street towards the nightlife side of town.

"A bit drunk," said Becca shortly, "but at least I don't need a wee anymore".

"That's the best way to be, Bex," Hannah grinned. 'Bex' was her affectionate nickname for Becca, and to this day was a name that absolutely nobody else called her by. "My mum used to say that a night out you remember isn't a night out worth remembering".

"Your mum is full of shit," Becca snorted.

"I couldn't agree more, babe," Hannah said, "but I love her".

"I love her too. Now, let's go and get smashed, yeah?"

Hannah put her arm around Becca as they walked. In the stiff October evening air, her warmth was wonderful.

After several minutes of walking and chatting tipsily, Becca noticed a troubled look on her friend's face. Hannah had started walking more slowly, and had a hand resting flat on her stomach. It didn't take a detective to work out what the problem was.

"You alright, Han?" asked Becca kindly. Alcohol always made it easy for her to slip into protective mode every time another girl needed help.

"Yeah, I'm fine. I regret not having a wee at the bowling alley though, those drinks have gone right through me".

"Gin always goes right through you, mate. I should have dragged you into that loo with me. Oh well," she said reassuringly, "it's lucky that we're only around the corner now".

But when they turned onto the street where the Revolution stood, the friends were met with a dismaying sight. The queue for the club stretched for a dozen metres, which could be at least a ten minute wait.

"Can you hold it, babe?" Becca asked sympathetically. Hannah thought about it for a few seconds, then shook her head, slurring her words slightly as she replied.

"Doubt it. Might need to visit that alleyway". They crossed the empty road, but rather than turning right towards the club, the pair headed left and ducked into a narrow side-alley. Hannah and Becca were no strangers to this particular pathway- it was a frequent spot for drunk students too desperate to make it to the nearest real bathroom, and both girls had been rescued from many an accident by it on nights out of the past. On this particular occasion, the alley was empty, and Becca stood watch while her friend squatted and pissed a powerful jet onto the concrete.

"Look out below!" Hannah giggled as she urinated. In her tipsy state, Becca took a few seconds to decipher the comment- but when she looked down she gasped and leaped out of the way moments before her friend's strong-smelling wee hit her fancy shoes.

"I hate you," Becca grumbled as Hannah finished up. Without anything to wipe herself, the girl simply shook her hips until she was relatively dry before covering herself back up.

"But you love me, really," Hannah smiled, giving her friend a quick kiss on the cheek as thanks (or perhaps apologies). "Ooh, that feels so much better".

"I'm not surprised, you just peed more or less an entire lake", Becca said, grudgingly impressed.

"Right, where were we?" her friend said as they slipped out of the newly-watered alley and back onto the main street. "Oh, that's right: fit guys for me, hot chicks for you, a lot of booze for everyone. This is going to get very interesting".

*002*2020-07-10 12:45

This chapter doesn't contain messing, but it does feature something closely related, so if poop/poop desperation isn't your kind of thing, this is your advance notice! Enjoy!

###

By the time Hannah woke, sunlight was already seeping in through the blinds. The city outside had been awake for several hours, but her eyes opened groggily as she adjusted to her surroundings. She was in Becca's room, which wasn't anything unusual. After being friends for nine years and drinking together for three, sleeping over had become a fairly common end to their nights out. It saved Hannah some extra walking, and they got to hang out in the morning- neither of them minded sharing a bed after such a long time.

Even drunk, Hannah always slept facing the wall. Bleary-eyed, she tried to recount the events of the night before, but everything after her trip to the alleyway was totally blank. She supposed that was to be expected; a headache and a growl in her stomach served as evidence of just how much they'd drunk, but she must have remembered to end the night with some water before bed, because the hangover wasn't nearly as bad as it could have been. Inevitably, the other consequence of last night's consumption was making itself known: she needed the toilet, and badly.

Rolling over, Hannah was met with a familiar sight. Becca was already awake, head rested on the pillow, scrolling lazily through a phone that had the brightness turned down as low as possible. Hannah couldn't see beneath the duvet they were sharing, but her friend was exposed enough to show that she was at least topless. This reminded Hannah to check what stage of undress she'd fallen asleep in- a quick investigation with one hand confirmed that her bra and panties were still on. Again, this wasn't anything they weren't used to, as Becca's modest student bedroom got pretty hot at night with the two of them in there.

"Morning," Becca yawned without looking away from her phone. Hannah propped herself up on one elbow and asked for the time. "It's almost eleven".

"Eleven? Jesus, how much did we drink?"

"Too much, mate. I feel like crap," Becca said, but a small smile betrayed her. "Do you remember anything?"

"I remember weeing in the alleyway".

"The first or second time?"

"There was a second time?"

"I think so," said Becca, frowning, "or maybe I'm thinking of a different night. Everything after nine is pretty much gone". She put her phone down, swung both legs off the bed and stood with the effort and fragility of a hundred-year-old person. "Everything aches," she complained as she started hobbling across the room, making no effort to hide her bare, toned bum. This didn't phase Hannah, who'd seen it all before- it was a deeply comfortable kind of friendship.

"And where do you think you're going dressed like that?", Hannah teased, smiling at the thought of Becca walking to her shared kitchen naked.

"We drunk about a litre of vodka each last night and then slept for eight hours straight," Becca shot back, "If I don't have a poo soon I swear I'm gonna explode". She staggered into the ensuite bathroom and sat on the open toilet, not bothering to close the door.

"Well hurry up, please," Hannah said seriously, "you know I always get desperate to take a dump the morning after a night out".

Becca cheekily stuck out her tongue at her friend as her bowels started loudly evacuating into the bowl, spattering against the water. "Sorry, Han," said the pooping girl, "my room, my rules. I pay the rent, I get first dibs on the toilet". Hannah could tell there was a lot, and it was a noise she knew all too well, seeing as alcohol always did the same to her stomach. Watching Becca go only made her own need more intense. The smell was pungent.

"Fair enough, but make it quick, or you're going to need new sheets," said Hannah, squirming exaggeratedly to try and prove her point, "fuck, and I need a wee too".

"I hate it when I need both," Becca agreed, trying to show some sympathy despite clearly enjoying being in power, "I wish I could let you go but I'm not nearly done yet".

"Please, Bex, I really need a shit".

"Okay, okay, give me a couple more minutes to finish and I'll get up". But Hannah was already on her feet and heading to the bathroom, running out of time for waiting. She turned, pointed her underwear-clad bum towards Becca and let rip with one of the noisiest farts either had ever heard. Becca recoiled, grabbed her nose and burst out laughing.

"You're an actual animal, Han, that's sick," she choked.

"That's what you get for not letting me poo, and there's plenty more where that came from, so you'd better get up or it'll be a lot worse than a fart," Hannah threatened.

"Okay, you win" Becca conceded, standing up, "I can hold the rest of mine for a few minutes. You go now and I'll finish after you".

Satisfied with the compromise, Hannah took her seat. It would have been impossible not to notice the absolute bomb site of a state that Becca had already left her toilet in; the water had been rendered completely invisible by the first half of her alcohol-fuelled bowel movement. There wasn't much Hannah could do about it, though, and she knew that she was only about to make it much worse.

"So, did you meet any hot guys last night?" Becca said, leaning naked against the sink as Hannah got comfortable.

"I don't think so, otherwise-" she paused as the first of her poo escaped with an audible squelch- "otherwise I'd have woken up with him instead of my best friend in nothing but her socks". She started to pee, and the hiss from her pussy added to the symphony of noise already echoing around the toilet bowl.

"You love me, really," Becca teased, "and Jesus, that reeks".

"Yours always smell a lot worse than mine," Hannah protested, feeling a thicker log slide out, "I was about to go before you started swanning around in the nude".

"Well, I was desperate. And I got up first. You snooze, you lose". You snooze, you lose had been faultless logic for decades and Hannah didn't have an argument for it now. "now hurry up so I can finish, I feel like I still have half of it in me".

"OK, let me wipe first," said Hannah, who felt infinitely better after unloading her bowels.

"You can wipe standing up, let me back on the loo now," Becca insisted, and her friend complied. She sighed in relief, continuing her business right where she'd left off as soon as her uncovered butt hit the seat. Hannah tore off two squares of toilet paper, folded them, and began the undignified process of wiping her bottom standing up with her underwear still around her ankles.

"Open up," Hannah instructed. Becca duly complied, spreading her legs so that the filthy paper could be tossed between them and into the bowl to join the sludgy pile that had already congregated. Neither girl thought anything of the fact that this gave Hannah an unobstructed view of her best friend's most intimate areas. Nothing had happened that morning that they hadn't been through together several times before, and any hint of awkwardness was long gone by now.

"That's not gonna flush first time," Hannah warned, using the next piece of toilet paper and feeling it come away coated in liquid poo.

"I know, but fuck it," said Becca, "It'll go down eventually". Finally empty, she joined her friend in wiping. For such a skinny girl, Hannah thought it was incredible how much Becca had been holding. Pooping together after a night out had become something of a ritual for the pair- booze equals poos, she would always say wisely- but it still surprised her that there could be so much.

Once the mess they'd made was flushed (after three attempts), Hannah started climbing back into her clothes from the night before, which had been discarded in a pile on the floor before they'd collapsed drunkenly into bed. Becca picked out some cleaner fabric from her wardrobe, and opened the window a little wider in a last-ditch effort to air out the smell of sweat and poop.

"I need a hangover remedy," Becca said as she hooked up a yellow bra behind her back. Hannah was the remedy expert, and almost always knew how to make them feel better after a heavy night. She winked at her friend, buttoning up her jeans and getting to her feet.

"Don't you worry, Bex, I've got just the thing".

*005*2020-07-10 23:08

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

What a fantasmic chapter that was can't wait to read what happens next

}}

{{2 hours ago, Laurentian_ said:

Fantastic indeed! Love to see this type of content, great work!

}}

Thank you both! I know not everyone will be into a story like this but I also know there's definitely plenty that will

Warning: this chapter contains

Spoiler - masturbation (f)

###

Thanks to Hannah's homemade cure- tea infused with ginger- Becca's hangover was almost completely gone by the time she got back to her room late that evening. She'd spent the first half of the day with Hannah and the second in the library, furiously smashing out an assignment due the next day that she'd left until the last minute. Lunch had been from Tesco and dinner from Subway, an expensive and unhealthy habit she'd fallen into for the sake of convenience on busy afternoons, which she kept reminding herself needed to be cut back on. Fortunately for Becca, she was one of the lucky few who could eat what she wanted without seeming to put on any weight- a quality that Hannah found unbearably jammy.

It had long since been dark by the time her assignment was complete, and Becca felt fortunate that the streets from the student library to her flat were all busy and well-lit at this hour. Rushing across the cobbled plaza that led to her accommodation, she bitterly regretted not taking a warm jacket with her; with a little more foresight she could have predicted that she'd be walking home in the cold of the night. But there was another reason for Becca's hurry. She always refused to use the unclean library toilets and, after several hours straight of working, her bladder was insistent that she empty it sharpish.

However, one of the benefits of living on-campus was that the luxuries of a private loo, a warm shower and a clean bed were seldom far away. Within minutes of leaving the library the student found herself at the door to her building. It was a fairly modern block, so it worked on an electric key system- every key would open the front door, but only her key would unlock her room. Her key which was-

Not in her pocket.

Shit, she scolded herself, and for a moment she felt panic bubbling up. Shit shit shit. Within seconds, though, her fear was abated slightly- she knew exactly where her key was, because she'd lazily left it on the desk in the library and completely forgotten to pick it up on the way out. Stupid goddamn bladder distracting me. Clearly, her only option was to head back to the library and retrieve her only means of getting into her room.

The return trip was significantly more uncomfortable than the outbound journey, and her rapidly-filling bladder was the culprit. Becca had always been prone to urges that developed fast, but even for her this need had come on quickly. She supposed that she could blame that on the Pepsi from Subway. Her situation wasn't desperate yet, but it was heading that way, no doubt about it. And for Becca's body, Desperate Town was usually just the station between Fidget Street and Emergency Valley on the one-way train to Accident City.

Being deliberately careful to act natural inside the building, Becca snuck back in, found her key right where she'd left it and pocketed the damn thing. She contemplated using the library bathrooms on the way back, but quickly decided against it. She didn't need to go so badly, after all, that she'd be happy to take a chance on the dirty public student toilets. She'd always been a girl who preferred to wait until she could use her own loo, for several reasons. She could take as long as she needed to do her business, never had to stay quiet and didn't need to worry about interacting with other people. And if, as it sometimes did, number one needed to turn into number two, well, she could do that as well. She never had to worry about the sounds or smells of her bowel movements when she was at home. So she pressed on to her flat.

By the time the young woman let herself into the building where she lived, her toilet situation had grown infinitely more urgent. Since finishing her assignment, Becca's mindset had gone from I could do with taking a leak sometime soon to you'd better get upstairs right now or things are going to get very uncomfortable. There were four flights of stairs leading to her flat on the second floor; climbing them was a pain in the arse at the best of times, but with a full bladder it was simply a pain, and the weight of her bag wasn't helping.

All of Becca's worries went away, though, as soon as she locked her bedroom door behind her. This wasn't the first time she'd wanted the toilet while walking home, and each time it was the same: the second that latch clicked she knew she'd made it. She wasted no time in de-clothing, her bottom half exposed and ready to go within seconds. She extracted her phone, ready to flick through Twitter as she peed. But upon catching a slight whiff of sweat from under her left armpit, a slightly cheeky idea formed in Becca's mind. It was the kind of thought that refused to be silenced, and the moment she even considered it there was no turning back.

Becca pulled her t-shirt over her head, adding it to the heap of clothes in the corner of the room. Her yellow bra soon followed, along with the pair of socks she'd had on for a whole day longer than was probably hygienic. Even though her bathroom situation hadn't ended up coming close to an accident, she still really had to go, and couldn't help shifting her weight from heel to heel as the shower warmed up. When the water finally started coming out hot, she stepped in, letting the relief wash over her as wee started to flow from her hairless crotch and down her legs.

There was something deliciously naughty about relieving herself in the shower, and she made no effort to stop her hand when it subconsciously began to stroke her pussy. Masturbating in the shower wasn't an uncommon way for Becca to end long, hard days. It did wonders to help release the tension and frustration that had built up over the hours spent revising and typing and revising and typing. For the first time all day, it felt like her fingers were really doing something she wanted to do. Tonight, she felt even more sensitive than usual- perhaps because she hadn't got any relief the night before due to Hannah staying over.

Hannah. The thought entered her mind innocently enough, but before long it twisted and grew into something intrusive, maybe even perverse. Becca was emphatically not someone who made a habit out of wanking over her best friend, but the human mind has a strange way of pushing boundaries when aroused enough, and Becca's mind was certainly horny as she stood in the hot shower rubbing circles. Her memory ventured back without permission to last night's kiss from Hannah in the bowling alley, and how wet it had made Becca. Those thoughts quickly flowed into flashes of the later intimate moment with Hannah in a different kind of alley, when she'd witnessed her friend pissing on the street. Becca had been saved by her makeshift toilet paper pad that time, but she knew she'd got turned on then as well. Which was weird, because it was far from the first time she'd seen Hannah doing a wee, indoors or out.

And yet now, playing with herself in the shower, Becca would have bet money that she was wetter than she had been at any point the previous night, even disregarding the shower water and her urine, which was slowly tapering off. Her free hand reached up and grabbed her slippery breast, and she wondered vaguely if Hannah's boobs felt similar. That was all it took. Leaning against the wall, Becca's orgasm arrived suddenly and joyfully. It held her tight for a moment before fading away, leaving her shaking, letting the shower wash away her white juices.

No sooner had the shower stopped than guilt started to gnaw at Becca. Had she really just cum thinking about her best friend? That was surely wrong. And yet... and yet it had felt so good. She stepped out of the tiny bathroom, wrapping her towel around her waist, pushing thoughts of her misdeeds to the back of her mind. Becca knew that her attraction to Hannah was getting harder and harder to deny, but for now she was determined to enjoy the pleasurable aftermath of the wee and the wank. Critical thinking could wait.

Once she'd dried off all over, Becca slid naked into bed, relieved to find that the last traces of her hangover were nowhere to be seen. She plugged in her phone to let it charge for the night, closed her blinds the final bit needed to completely block out any outside light and rolled over to face Hannah's side of the bed. Hannah's side. Was it weird that she thought of it that way?

Before she could analyse this new point, exhaustion finally crept up on the dark-haired girl and she slipped out of consciousness, dreaming of Hannah.

*007*2020-07-12 01:00

Here's the next part- tried something different with this one! Really keen not to overdo it with the character/story-focused sections in this story.

Warning- I'm really doing my best to depict an authentic British student lifestyle with this one, so the second and third parts of this chapter contain strong language and some light drug references (and the third part contains light messing references)- I hope that's not off-putting to anyone reading.

Enjoy!

###

"Come on, Bex, it's Quids In. It'd be rude not to".

"Jesus, Hannah, I've barely recovered from last time!"

"But it's one pound a drink. How can you say no to that?"

Hannah smirked, looking across at her friend over the table. They'd met up for lunch in the city after sleeping in, as was traditional every Monday, which they both had free. The pair were dancing a delicate dance that they both knew all too well, in which Hannah attempted to persuade her marginally more sensible friend to come out that night while Becca tried fruitlessly to maintain some semblance of responsibility. It was a verbal fencing match, and Hannah almost always won.

"Because we have a lecture at nine the next morning, you absolute freak," Becca said, picking through the last of her chips, "My kidneys already hate me after yesterday morning. Hell, my toilet hates me after yesterday morning".

"I can't blame it," Hannah giggled, "but if it's any consolation I'm sure your toilet hates me too. But fuck it, who cares? If the hangover is too bad in the morning we'll just blow off the lecture, you know nobody will notice". There was some semblance of truth to that, Becca knew. Their university ran a policy which didn't punish absences so long as students filled in an online form explaining that they wouldn't be present. It was an easily abused system which both girls were used to utilising after a rough night.

"I'm not sure, Han, we really shouldn't miss this one".

"I'll pay for your drinks," Hannah persisted, "and we can stay at mine so it's a shorter walk".

Becca thought about those terms for a second, then reached over and shook Hannah's hand.

"Deal" she said.

###

Hannah loved getting ready for a night out. Arctic Monkeys blasting out of her phone speaker, the fresh sensation of stepping out of a warm shower, the scent of perfume and the feeling of slipping on clean lingerie. She could never help getting excited ahead of an evening full of endless possibilities. To Hannah, every night in the city was an opportunity to make good memories, even if they were no longer in her memory by the time she woke up. Her motto- "Try everything twice, unless the first time was properly shit", as she often told Becca- reflected this attitude, and it had been leading her to more joy than despair in the years since she'd started partying.

On this particular Monday evening, Hannah was just finishing applying her make-up when she realised she needed a wee. Preferring to empty herself now rather than after she started drinking (as breaking the seal was a rookie mistake), she headed straight to her tiny en-suite bathroom as soon as the final touches were applied. In her skirt, using the loo was fairly uncomplicated and she slid her panties down around her ankles before she sat.

Nothing came out for a little while. This didn't surprise Hannah, who was used to waiting a few seconds for her stream to start up unless she was desperate. She sat patiently, elbows resting on her thighs, until the first trickles eventually started up. No sooner had she begun than a knock came at the door, making her jump. It was impossible not to feel awkward when she remembered that she'd forgotten to lock her bedroom door, especially as she'd always found it impossible to stop peeing mid-flow, so she tentatively called out a question.

"Who is it?"

"It's Santa Claus, dumbass," came Becca's muffled voice through the wood. Hannah relaxed; for a moment images of one of her flatmates catching her on the shitter had flashed in the young woman's mind.

"Come in, Bex," she said, relieved. Becca entered, dressed to the nines and looking completely unfazed to find her best friend sitting on the toilet, "you're early as fuck".

"I was bored," Becca replied, grinning guiltily. She was carrying a heavy-looking bag that contained everything she would need for the lecture the next morning, if they could be bothered to go, "I would've waited if you'd told me you were on the loo'.

Hanna snorted in a way that indicated that she didn't mind. "You know I don't care if you see, mate. You look good!"

It was true. Even though Becca had been the one who'd been reluctant to go out on a Monday night, Hannah had to hand it to her: the woman didn't do things by halves. She'd pulled out one of her favourite dresses for the occasion, and her jet-black hair was braided delicately. Long legs gliding across the room, Becca set down her bag in one corner and sat on the side of her friend's bed.

"Thanks, you too. What are we doing for pres?" Pres- short for pre-drinks (which was short for preliminary beverages, Hannah had joked once)- were an essential component of their nights out. They could make or break an evening.

"Flat downstairs, I think," Hannah suggested, still peeing a strong stream directly into the bowl, "they put an open invitation in the group chat earlier".

"Sounds good," Becca said absent-mindedly, "and they always have weed- how long have you been peeing for?"

"Oh..." Hannah felt caught out, "I literally started just before you turned up. It hasn't been that long, has it?"

"Feels like ages, mate, you must've been desperate".

"Actually, no, I barely had to go," said Hannah, "but I'm finishing up now".

"Good, because I need to use your toilet next, if we're heading downstairs. I don't want to be nipping up here for a wee all evening. What drinks do you have?"

"A fucking massive bottle of Smirnoff," Hannah said as she wiped, "I'm hoping they'll have mixers. You?"

Wordlessly, Becca lifted a huge amount of gin out of her bag, grinning wickedly. "That's going to get you shitfaced," Hannah warned, standing up and readjusting her underwear.

"I know," said Becca proudly, replacing Hannah on the toilet seat as if it was nothing, "and to think you had to persuade me..."

###

Unfortunately for Becca, her plan hadn't proven particularly effective. Despite the pre-emptive wee in Hannah's room, a few drinks downstairs had loosened her bladder right back up again and both girls were making half-hourly trips upstairs to use her toilet. Eventually, one of the girls in the flat where they were drinking took pity on them and lent them permission to use her bathroom and save themselves the walk. On one such visit, Hannah decided to put on her unconvincing serious voice while they were alone together.

"I think we should sl-" she hiccupped, "slow down, Bex. Or we won't make it to the club".

"I agree," Becca slurred. "Just water from now on. At least... at least for a lil' bit. Now can you hurry up?"

The conversation had taken place in the kind girl's bathroom, with Hannah sitting on the toilet and Becca leaning against the locked door just inches away. They were alternating who got to pee first each time they took a toilet break, as was commonplace on nights like these, and this time Hannah had got first dibs. The problem with being drunk and sharing a bathroom is that whoever goes second often grows desperate in the time that it takes for the first person to finish. That was proving the case here, as Becca couldn't help beginning to squirm and dance in her confined space while Hannah made no effort to hide the relief on her face.

"I'm done when I'm done," sighed Hannah happily.

"Come on, sis, I'm busting here".

"Go in the shower, then".

"I'm seriously considering it," Becca muttered, giving her crotch a quick squeeze for emphasis. Fortunately for her it didn't come to that, as Hannah stood up after a lazy wipe only a drunk student would ever find sufficient and let Becca relieve herself. Already feeling much better, the second woman changed the subject as she peed.

"Did you try any of the stuff they were passing around?" she asked Hannah.

"Yeah, I wasn't crazy about it," Hannah said dismissively, "it reeked, and besides, smoking always makes me need a poo".

Becca raised an eyebrow. "What, always?"

Hannah stopped talking and scrunched up her face in concentration; Becca could tell she was pushing, which was a risky game, but Hannah was a risk-taker when she'd had a few drinks. But it looked like her bowels were holding strong, because she stopped after a moment and her features relaxed.

"Nah, not this time, I guess," she said finally, "you?"

Becca followed suit, bearing down slightly to test the waters. She felt her bumhole stretch ever so slightly, but nothing else made itself known. "Nothing yet, but I bet I'll be desperate for one later, I always am after a smoke".

"You and me both, Bex," Hannah said, inspecting her reflection, "you and me both".

*009*2020-07-12 02:15

{{58 minutes ago, Ktpq said:

That was an amazing read I am really enjoying the story ^_^ I cant wait to read what happens next it would be interesting to see if the nice girl is going to pooping when they need to use her bathroom

}}

Now that's a good idea. Let me see if I can work it into the next chapter...

*011*2020-07-12 03:13

This chapter contains women pooping and talking about it!

###

The night only got blurrier with time, as almost everyone around the packed kitchen table lost their inhibitions. Although Becca and Hannah didn't know each person there too well, they were at least on a first-name basis with just about everyone and had a thoroughly good time as the party stumbled their way through just about every drinking game in the book. Hannah elected Becca as her buddy in Ring of Fire while Becca got her revenge by exploiting secrets she knew about Hannah to catch her out in Never Have I Ever. This was standard back-and-forth by their measures, and was all in good spirits.

By 9PM, the friends were undeniably smashed. Both had thrown themselves head-first into every game, unafraid as always to try everything and anything. That included more of the weed from earlier, in spite of Becca's better judgement. As is the way after a decent amount of drinks, the urge to pee was an irritatingly common occurrence at that stage in the evening. Wising up to Becca and Hannah's regular trips out of the kitchen, one of the people playing the game had craftily invented a new rule: to discourage regularly getting up (which broke the flow of the games), every time someone left the room they'd have to complete a forefit upon their return. This effectively meant that the pair had no choice but to minimise their toilet excursions, holding as long as possible before they nipped off to empty themselves. This was still by necessity a regular thing, and it had been half an hour since their last visit when Hannah broke.

"I have to go for a wee now, Bex, I'm desperate", she said in a low voice.

"Me too mate, but the forefit-"

"Fuck the forefit, I'm going to piss myself in a second".

"Yeah, same here. Alright, let's go," Becca agreed reluctantly. The alcohol, coupled with how sociable she'd become in the comfortable environment, was making her bold. She stood up dramatically.

"Excuse me, boys and girls, but my very good friend Hannah here and I are going to have a little wee-wee," she said drunkenly. They staggered out of the room, joining in the gales of laughter. The bedroom of the nice girl, who's name was Alice, was at the opposite end of the corridor from the kitchen. Both woman were looking forward to relieving themselves, bickering about who should get to pee first as they reached the room. Becca let herself in with the electric key Alice had lent them, and Hannah pushed in front to grab the bathroom doorknob. But they weren't even remotely prepared for what they saw when she swung it open.

Alice was sitting on the toilet, jeans and underwear bunched around her ankles. Her face was red and screwed up in concentration, and for a moment she didn't seem to notice the arrival of the two girls. All three women were had been drinking, which must've slowed down their reactions, because it took a few seconds for any of them to process the shock. In that time, though, the damage was done- the two friends had been given an unexpected and unobstructed view of the dark pubic hair of a girl they barely knew. It was Becca who eventually slammed the door, apologising profusely.

"Sorry, Alice, we didn't know you were in here," she said through the wood. The heavy main bedroom door had closed automatically, and suddenly it was pin-drop quiet in there.

"It's alright, girls, I should've locked the door," said the older student, "I just forgot because... well, I was in a bit of a rush".

"You OK?"

"Yeah, just having a number 2," came Alice's muffled reply, "drinking always makes me desperate for one".

"I know that game," muttered Becca to nobody in particular, before raising her voice. "How long will you be? We're a bit desperate out here ourselves," she admitted, starting to become aware that she was crossing her legs.

"Sorry, girls", Alice said sheepishly, "But I'm nowhere near done yet. It's kind of...." she paused, and Becca got the feeling she was too embarrassed to say it out loud.

"Stuck halfway?" Becca asked empathetically. Alice laughed and confirmed the theory.

"God, I'm sorry if that's T.M.I.. I get... really overshare-y when I'm drinking". Becca could hear the strain in her voice as she struggled.

"Oh, no, don't worry about it," Becca said dismissively. She was trying to keep her cool, but a glance to her right told her that Hannah was near breaking point, and Becca didn't feel far off. Their bladders couldn't afford to wait for a constipated drunk girl- not even a lovely constipated drunk girl. "We're gonna go upstairs, mate. Take your time!"

"OK, sorry!" Alice squealed again.

After an agonising trip up the stairs to Hannah's flat (in which Becca was kind enough to let a visibly-busting Hannah go first), they returned to the games feeling much better and taking their forefit- Vodka shots- on the chin. But Becca's earlier prediction was starting to come true. The drugs, booze and fast food from earlier had combined quicker than expected and the slim girl could feel her tummy starting to get to work. Soon after downing the shots, she started to experience the unmistakable seeds of grumbling in her bowels, but told herself it was too soon to go straight back to the toilet. She pressed on with the game, distracting herself by laughing, joking and drinking along with the others, but the water had done it's job well- both girls were feeling far less drunk and participating a lot more in the conversations. Soon, Alice returned to the table, red-faced but looking as though she felt much better.

After hours of games, as midnight approached, one of the hosts got up and announced that it was almost time to head to the club. "Everyone meet downstairs in three minutes!" he told them, and any remaining chatter died down as the gaggle of intoxicated students dispersed. Becca didn't move at first, distracted by the latest wave of pressure in her bladder, and trying to decide if there was pressure from anywhere else, too. Hannah interpreted Becca's worry as her friend having had a bit too much booze. She gently took her hand and led her upstairs to her flat, where she firmly sat Becca on the toilet and poured her a glass of water.

"Drink this, mate," she said, trying to sound caring as the familiar hissing sound started up again from Becca's pussy, "we don't have to go out if you're too gone". But Becca looked up at her with eyes that, unless she was very much mistaken, were still the eyes of a sober woman. She took the water, sipped it slowly and blinked.

"I'm fine, Han," she cooed, "I'm not drunk. I just needed a wee, that's all. Thanks for worrying". Hannah's concern was soothed quickly; she could see- and hear- that Becca was telling the truth.

"OK, good," Hannah said, smiling, "as long as you're sure- for a minute there I thought I was gonna have to put you to bed early!"

"Oh, God no," Becca laughed, and the faint traces of her barely-loitering drunkenness were visible once again, "I'm revved up and ready to mingle," she said with an ironic wink.

"That's a relief. Only, can I have a wee before we leave? It's a ten-minute walk to the club".

Becca frowned. "Yeah, sorry, it's just that I think I need a shit as well after lunch".

"You always blame lunch, Bex. The drugs probably didn't help," Hannah said, lowering her underwear in anticipatio.

"This is true," Becca admitted thoughtfully. "Do you mind if I try and squeeze one out before we leave?"

"There's not really time, babe," Hannah told her sympathetically, "they'll leave without us if we're not there in a minute, and I'm kind of busting to take a leak before we go too". Becca knew she was right, and reluctantly got off the pot.

"She's all yours," said Becca as she quickly rinsed her hands.

"Ooh, thank you," Hannah gasped, sitting hastily, "from me and my underwear both".

"Don't mention it, Han", Becca said.

*013*2020-07-12 03:26

Wrote the last chapter and this one back-to-back, enjoy!

Warning: this chapter contains

Spoiler - the big one: messing. So feel free to skip if you're not into that!

###

Moments later, they were outside in the windy courtyard, both bladders emptied- for the time being, at least. But as the group set off, Becca was acutely aware that one part of her wasn't emptied at all. Her stomach was undeniably bloated as she walked side by side with Hannah, hoping the queue to enter the club would be short. As they reached the halfway point of the walk, things were looking bleak. Distracting herself seemed Becca's only option.

"How long are we staying out for tonight?" she asked Hannah, who was walking briskly with her hands tucked under her armpits in an effort to keep warm.

"Not too long, I reckon," Hannah slurred, and Becca noticed that the intoxication had crept back into her voice, "I'll be knackered by two".

"Yeah, me too. I hope that..." Becca trailed off as she suddenly felt her stomach drop terribly. The situation was growing more dire. More than ever, her bowels felt heavy and hot, as if something was pushing downwards, trying to escape. Hannah noticed her friend's discomfort right away, even in her less-than-sober state.

"What's up, Bex?" she asked in concern. Becca simply grimaced in response, placing a hand on her belly. "Do you need the toilet?" Hannah pressed. Becca nodded silently, tight-lipped.

"Okay babe, don't worry, we're nearly by the alley, we can stop there". But Becca shook her head quickly.

"No, mate, it's not that. I really need a poo," she explained breathily. Her expression was beginning to venture from discomfort into visible pain.

"Can you hold it until we're inside?" Hannah asked hopefully. Becca didn't answer, but the look in her eyes told Hannah everything she needed to know. "Right, let's get you back to mine quickly," she said, taking control of the situation. Becca, usually so composed, seemed close to tears.

"Hurry, Han, please. It's really desperate," she whined. Hannah shushed her, told her it would be OK, and began to lead her back to her place.

A minute into the walk back, things had grown extremely serious for Becca and her belly. She was internally beginning to have serious doubts as to whether she could make it in time. She felt as though there were bricks weighing down her stomach, pushing to squeeze their way out. I knew I shouldn't have smoked that stuff, her inner self-critic said harshly. As much as Becca wanted Hannah to think she was in control, there was no hiding the way she was starting to practically waddle along the street. Eventually, she could pretend no more.

"Hannah, I'm not gonna make it," she said in a small voice. Hannah looked at her in amazement, clearly trying to stay positive for the sake of her friend.

"Don't be silly, Bex, we're almost there. Just think, you're only two minutes away from a nice big dump," she told her, attempting to lighten the mood.

"No, Han, you don't get it. I haven't had to shit this badly in years". She paused then, wondering if she could be honest about the humiliating thing she needed to say, but failing to stop herself blurting it: "It's... it's poking out,"

Hannah's demeanour changed completely at this. She went from faux reassurance to outright alarm, taking Becca's arm and starting to march her down the road.

"Right! Let's get you to a toilet!" she cried, determined to do this for her best friend. Ignoring the pained way Becca was shuffling was challenging, but she knew they weren't far away. If she could just get her up the stairs clean...

"Oh man, I'm gonna have the biggest skidmarks," Becca complained loudly as they buzzed their way into Hannah's building. Becca shushed her- even hammered, she knew this wasn't a conversation they wanted to be overheard.

"Can you do the stairs?" Hannah asked kindly.

"I'm going to have to".

"One step at a time, Bex," she whispered shakily. It was only by some miracle that they reached the door to Hannah's flat without any incident. "How are you doing?" she asked solemnly once they were there.

"Touching cloth bad," said Becca bitterly. "Please be quick, Hannah". Hannah was going as fast as she could, but the alcohol was making her fumble. After a few failed attempts, she persuaded the electronic lock to open and the pair made a beeline for Hannah's room. And then- once they were so close- it finally happened.

While she dealt with the final lock, Hannah saw her best friend's petite body stiffen up in the corner of her vision. Her belly began to growl and squelch noisily like a TV sound effect. Her mouth opened softly in a small, silent 'o' of horror. Turning to face her distressed companion, Hannah felt that there was something disconcerting about a look of such fear on a face that had always been so confident, so strong. There was no mistaking the soft, wet crackling sound that was rumbling from Becca's bum. Despite wanting to be discreet and supportive, Hannah couldn't avoid noticing the growing bulge in the back of the other woman's panties, which was spreading consistently before her eyes. To make matters worse, it was by no means a quiet accident; noisy, slippery farts followed as the lump continued to grow. An inimitable scent filled Hannah's nostrils- the odour of shit. There was only one thing that could cause that smell.

Right outside the door that led back into Hannah's dormitory, Becca had lost the battle with her body.

Hannah couldn't care less about the smell: she pulled the distraught girl into a tight hug.

"It's OK, Bex, you were so close. We almost made it in time". Becca was despondent as she simply let her bum finish filling her underwear, having totally given up. Hannah opened her door at last and ushered Becca inside. As her friend awkwardly turned to side-step past her into the room, the bulge in the back of her clothes brushed Hannah's leg. Sober, this might have grossed her out, but right now she thought nothing of it.

"Do you need help cleaning up?" Hannah asked gently, locking the door behind them. Becca shook her head, peeling her dress off over her head immediately, leaving her in just a bra and a pair of knickers stuffed with fresh poo. Hannah was quietly impressed that they'd contained the damage; as the soiled woman turned to the bathroom, she could see that the once-white fabric was now decidedly brown at the back.

"No, babe, I've got it. You might want to look away, this is going to be gross".

"Nothing you do can gross me out at this point, Bex," Hannah reassured her. Standing with her legs spread on either side of the toilet, Becca started the cautious process of peeling off her underwear, which was sagging with the weight of the multiple loose logs that had slipped out of her tight crack. Hannah was used to the sight of poo, but never like this before: the bulk of it slowly dropped as the underwear was lowered, eventually sliding off and into the bowl with a heavy splash. Even then, thick skidmarks remained on the inside of the panties and more still was coating Becca's thighs.

"Sorry about the smell, babe".

"Don't worry about the smell. Are you sure you're okay?"

"Yeah, m'alright," Becca mumbled, "in fact, I feel so much better now all that's out of me. I'm sorry, Han, I thought I could make it in time".

Hannah was incredulous. "Are you kidding me? I'm sorry, babe. If I'd known it was an emergency I'd have let you go before we left". Becca looked up at her, smiling weakly. She looked genuinely touched that Hannah was willing to take the blame, even after seeing her 20-year-old best friend mess herself right next to the toilet.

"You're sweet, babe. Could you dig me out a spare pair of knickers to borrow? I think these are a lost cause".

"We don't have to go out if you don't feel like it", Hannah said uneasily.

"Han, it's embarrassing enough that I just pooed my pants. I don't want it ruining our night too".

Hannah understood, and by the time Becca's thighs and bum were clean, she'd arrived back at the bathroom door holding a clean pair of knickers and an empty binbag to put the old ones in. Becca gave her a sincerely grateful peck on the cheek and told her she was an angel, before flushing the loo and slipping on the fresh panties.

"You sure you're OK to go back out?" asked Hannah one more time. She'd insisted that the stubborn skidmarks Becca had left in the bowl could wait until the morning.

"I'm sure, babe," Becca said, holding the door open to let her friend back into the corridor, "I'm going to need a stiff drink to forget that ever happened".

*019*2020-07-13 19:35

Thanks so much to everyone upvoting and leaving comments! It means a lot to me to know people are enjoying the story.

This is another pooping chapter (I promise they won't all be that way from now on ), but I'm sure most people who've made it this far in the story are as into that as I am Enjoy!

###

Becca's sleep was interrupted all too quickly by movement around her, jerking both sore eyes open suddenly. It took her a couple of seconds to remember where she was: Hannah's room, duvet draped messily over her back. One inhalation through her nostrils told Becca that the room stunk strongly of sweat and farts. It was probably an indication of how close they'd been for so long that she was able to identify the farts as being Hannah's- hers had a unique, nutty smell that Becca had been subject to a lot of over the years, and that was the scent that was lingering in the air as she woke.

She soon discovered the source of the movement that had woken her; Hannah had just clambered over her to get out of bed, and Becca got a brief glimpse of the bottom half of her friend's bare butt wiggling from beneath a long t-shirt as she rushed into the bathroom, one hand clutching at the middle of her arse. Unlike in Becca's room, it wasn't possible to see Hannah's toilet from her bed even with the door open, but Becca's ears heard everything in crystal-clear detail: the light-switch flicking on, the mechanical whirr of the automatic fan, the lid of the toilet being flipped up a little harder than was necessary, and then...

There was no mistaking the noise that followed. Almost immediately, an explosion rumbled around the room, echoing in the bowl and bouncing off the walls. Hannah moaned in a low voice- well, as low as was possible for Hannah- as that first wave escaped her like a volcanic eruption. The sound of her guts evacuating was soon chased by a squelching splash as what sounded like near-liquid shit attacked the calm water of the toilet. Poor Hannah only got a brief respite before a long, tight fart forced itself from her bum, and somewhere in the middle of the fart it flowed from hot gas into yet more runny poop. Becca couldn't decipher her friend's vocalisations- were they groans of pain, or purrs of blessed relief?

Even though she knew that Hannah would have tried hard not to wake her as she climbed out of bed, there was no way Becca could pretend to have slept through the absolute hurricane of a poo that her friend was still doing, so she got up to check on the shorter girl. It surprised Becca to learn that she was still in her dress from the night before- even more so when she spotted the clean underwear Hannah had lent her sitting on the floor by their shoes. That sight was a sharp and unwelcome reminder of her unmitigated failure to make it to the toilet the night before, so she shut it out of her mind and gingerly poked her head around the corner and into the bathroom.

Her best friend was hunched over on the loo, cheeks flushed brilliantly, hair clinging to her face with sweat. With her knees drawn in tight, waist folded and arms crossed beneath herself, Hannah looked as though she was trying to squeeze her bowels empty by making herself smaller. Even as Becca watched, another noisy splatter was evidence that her friend was still going. At first she didn't notice Becca's arrival because her green eyes were locked shut, face scrunched up, but in-between two waves she paused to take a breath and looked up at the doorway.

"Oh, hey Bex," she gasped, "shit, did I wake you up? Sorry".

"Don't be sorry, Han, you look like you were desperate," Becca said understandingly.

"Yeah, I wanted to wait until you were up so I wouldn't wake you, but I couldn't". She screwed up her features again and grunted while Becca could hear more echoes in the bowl, "I was farting like crazy and eventually I just felt it coming out so I gave up and came here".

"Well, thanks for trying anyway, mate. Next time you should just go for it, though," Becca reassured her.

"Hey, did you need to go?" Hannah asked, and now they could both hear a steady stream of pee as well. "I might be a while". She looked guilty. For the first time that morning, Becca remembered to check on her own bodily needs and was surprised to realise she was doing okay.

"Nah, just my morning wee and that can wait- you take your time, babe". Becca looked down at the floor, knowing she had to get something off her chest. "Hey Han... I'm sorry about what happened last night. Thanks for being so good about it".

Hannah waved one hand lazily in front of her face, as if to say don't mention it, but that didn't do much to cover up the visible discomfort she was in as she continued to have the runs. "It's not like it doesn't happen to everyone," she said.

"It's never happened to you- at least as far as I know," Becca pointed out, which didn't get a reply. She had no time to ponder this before a realisation crept up on her. "Wait... what time is it?"

"I don't know, mate, I forgot to check my phone before I started shitting my brains out," Hannah said dryly. Becca nipped back to the bedside and was relieved to spot her phone sitting on top of the thick headboard. By some miracle it still had 3% battery. 8:46 AM.

"Ah, shit," she whispered to herself. "It's quarter to nine," she called, starting to rummage through her bag for the change of clothes she'd packed the afternoon before, "I'm going to that lecture. You wanna come?"

She got another sharp fart in response, followed by Hannah's yawning voice. "Sorry, Bex, you're on your own. I'm going right back to bed once I stop pooing lava".

Fair enough, Becca thought silently. Doubtless, she'd have done the same if their positions were switched, but she really didn't want to miss this lecture. Her conscience was already guilty enough about the two she'd skipped the previous week- it made her feel like she was wasting her parent's money, being dishonest somehow. The lecture hall was just ten minutes away by foot, which meant she should still have time to get there and grab a good seat. Dressed and ready in a heartbeat, she was almost at the door when Hannah stopped her, leaning forward on the loo to be visible.

"Becca," she called. Becca stopped dead and looked at her inquisitively. "Remember to take your phone and for God's sake, spray something under your arms before you go. There's a can next to my laptop that will cover up morning sweat like a charm. Oh, and please have a cereal bar from my top drawer to eat on the way or you'll get hungry".

Becca couldn't help giving her a sheepish grin. "You know me way too well," she said, disappearing from the door to follow Hannah's orders.

"Take one of-" Hannah paused as another squirt pushed it's way out of her uninvited, " -one of the coconut ones, I don't even like those, I don't know why I buy them". After spraying her armpits, Becca grabbed her phone and one of the Alpen bars. She stopped just outside the bathroom again, one hand resting on the handle.

"Thanks, mate," she said, "feel better soon. I'll fill in your absence form".

Hannah smiled weakly as her stomach cramped once more, "yeah, that sounds like a fair trade. Enjoy your lecture".

Becca shot back a wicked smirk. "Enjoy your dump".

And with that, she was gone, still able to hear her friend farting wetly until the heavy door clicked shut behind her.

*021*2020-07-13 21:13

Two hours later, Hannah was woken by a sharp knock at the door. The first thing she realised when she opened her eyes was that her stomach still hurt, although it'd subsided a fair bit since the agony of earlier that morning. The second thing she realised was that the knocker was Becca; it was a rhythm Hannah knew perfectly. Confused, she stepped up and staggered to the door, wondering what the problem was- she hadn't noticed anything Becca had forgotten in the room.

"Bex?", she called, just to be sure- she didn't want anyone else seeing her in nothing but an oversized pyjama top. At least if it was Becca she had nothing to hide.

"Let me in," came the familiar voice, sounding troubled.

"Not by the hair on my chinny-chin-chin," said Hannah slyly, leaning right up against the wood.

"Come on, Han, I really need a wee".

"What's the password?"

Silence for a second. They both knew that they both knew what the password was. Becca groaned, forced to swallow her pride.

"I like Hannah's ass," she said bitterly.

"Ooh, so close," Hannah teased, "but you know that's not quite right".

"Fine... I love Hannah's ass," Came Becca's muffled voice.

"What else?"

"Mate, just let me in, it's an emergency," Becca whined.

"What else?" Hannah repeated, not changing her tone.

"... and she's the daddy," Becca finished, her cheeks burning. Once she'd heard those words, Hannah was satisfied that her friend had been humiliated enough. Although Hannah was enjoying herself, she reluctantly swung the door open- rules were rules.

"OK, you can come in, because I'm feeling n-" she forgot what she was saying when she got a sight of Becca, who was visibly more desperate than Hannah had anticipated,. She was shifting her weight from foot to foot, one hand tugging at the fabric of the crotch of her jeans like a child who didn't want the grown-ups to notice they needed to go. But Hannah didn't bother moving from her current spot, which blocked the bathroom doorway.

"How was your lecture?" she asked, feigning obliviousness. She leant against the doorframe casually as if she was just chilling out.

"It was OK, mate-"

"Can you fill me in on what I missed?"

"Yeah, course," said Becca irritably, "only can it wait? I've been busting for a wee for ages and I came here because it was closer than my flat and I didn't think I would make it back to mine and I couldn't text you because my bloody phone is dead and now my bladder's doing that thing where you get even more desperate when the toilet's in sight and-"

"Woah, Bex, breathe," Hannah said gravely, putting a hand on her friend's shoulder, "there's something I really need to talk to you about".

Becca looked worried, even as she kept on dancing and fidgeting absent-mindedly. "What's up?"

"Last night..." began Hannah dramatically.

"Yeah?"

"I don't even know if you'll remember, but it was on the way home. We were waiting by the traffic lights, and..."

"What happened?" Becca's brow was furrowed, and she didn't even seem to notice that her hand was now gripping her crotch rather tightly, her legs crossed at the ankles.

"I didn't realise until this morning that you didn't remember, Bex" she said, "but you... kissed me".

Becca went pale. Hannah almost felt bad as she saw the colour drain from her friend's face, her thin lips starting to quiver.

"Oh, fuck..." she said softly, her voice shaking.

Hannah realised then that she'd gone too far. Deciding to put her friend out of her misery, she allowed a sneaky smile to slip through that serious facade. This only confused Becca further, but when she saw the way that Hannah's eyes had lit up, a lightbulb went off in her head.

"None of that happened, did it?" she asked, desperately hoping she was right. Hannah patted her once on the shoulder and got out the way.

"Nah, but it was fun messing with you. You can go for a wee now".

"You fucking bitch," Becca squealed, very nearly laughing as she sprinted to the toilet and tore down her jeans. The instant her bum hit the seat, the stream began to gush wildly. "That was funny, like, the first two times we did it, but I nearly pissed myself".

"Hey, you did it to me first," Hannah pointed out, "and it is still funny".

"You nearly gave me a fucking heart attack," Becca complained, still peeing furiously into the bowl.

Hannah was still cackling to herself when Becca emerged from the bathroom a minute later. She looked up from her phone and wasn't surprised to see the other woman totally bottomless. She chucked something pink- a hard overarm throw- at Hannah, who caught it instinctively. But after a bewildered moment, she realised what the item was: Becca's panties, which were unmistakably damp and smelt faintly of urine. Horrified, she tossed them on the ground. Becca cracked up hard.

"You deserve that," she said, roaring with laughter, "I only leaked because you were winding me up".

"Disgusting," Hannah tutted. She was fighting to keep a straight face. "I hate you".

"You love me, really," Becca replied in her sweet sing-song voice, "and besides, I didn't expect you to catch them! But serves you right for making me hold it".

"Ok, you win," Hannah admitted. Becca straightened up, evidently feeling much lighter.

"How's your belly?" she asked, putting on her mum voice.

"I've slept it off for now," said Hannah, "but I'm not empty yet. Today's a write off for me, I reckon. Don't wanna stray too far from the toilet in case disaster strikes".

"One of us crapping ourselves is more than enough for this week," Becca agreed, finding humour for the first time in her accident the night before, "but we could stay here and watch TV?"

"Sounds perfect, babe. I owe you three-fifty for this month's Netflix, by the way".

Becca shrugged to indicate that she didn't really care about the money. It just wasn't the kind of thing she worried about when it came to Hannah. "Buy me a McDonalds next time we're out, and we'll call it even".

*022*2020-07-13 23:11

Was planning on going to bed after the last chapter but I got caught up doing a hold on the Discord, so here's another one!

Warning- this chapter contains themes of sex and sexuality. Again, it's so important to me that I get these right, because the last thing I want my stories to do is alienate anyone, so please let me know if you feel there's a better way for me to write about them. There's also poop content later on. Enjoy!

###

In a decade of talking to each other nearly every day, Becca and Hannah had never yet run out of things to say. Some regular topics of conversation had persisted through the years- TV, music, anime, food, books, school and more. Then there were the things that they'd grown out of talking about, like the other kids in their class, or their teachers. And finally there was a third category, the things that had crept up in their conversations more and more as they'd gotten older together: boys (and, once Becca realised she was gay, girls) that they were into, religion, politics and, inevitably, sex.

Both women had discovered that it was pretty hard to keep secrets from someone they were that close to, so they tended to end up knowing all the details of each other's private lives. When one got laid, the other heard all about it the next day (or sometimes even sooner). It felt good to share stories, to laugh together at the awkward missteps and cheer themselves up if things went badly. Their confidence in each other also meant that both women knew they were each going through their longest dry patches in a long while. Hannah had been out of a relationship for a couple of months and Becca hadn't seemed interested in meeting new girls in at least eight weeks now. This was the subject of plenty of good-natured teasing between the pair, and, subconsciously, it was beginning to slip into their dialogue more and more regularly. Hannah had joked more than once that she was concerned about her virginity growing back.

None of that had anything to do with her decision to put on Naked Attraction while they hung out. It wasn't something they watched to get off to- Becca wisely said it was surprising how unsexy a dating show in which people take off their clothes and compliment each other's bodies can be- but the two girls always had a blast watching it together, giggling perhaps too hard at the sheer insanity of it all. They would joke about which body parts they liked and which they didn't, snort with derision at every horrendous one-liner the host made and competitively predict the winners as they went along.

Becca never failed to tease Hannah by saying that every middle-aged man who entered was "just your type, Han," while Hannah got her revenge by declaring every single vagina "not hairy enough for your tastes, right Bex?". It was the perfect comfort TV for two best friends who were stuck at home because of some nasty stomach issues. And yet, it turned out that having gone two months without sex allowed the show to have a new kind of impact on both of them.

For the first time, the good-natured teasing felt somewhat half-hearted. As the show went on, both women grew quieter, paying more attention (for once) to the screen than the chat. And in one particular episode, a contestant stepped up that literally made Becca's jaw drop. She was plain gorgeous- short, with dark hair and emerald eyes, smooth, pale skin and chubby curves. If Becca wasn't so bogged down in determined denial, she might have noticed that the woman on the screen could've easily passed for Hannah's older sister. But she didn't make the connection. She was utterly enthralled with the woman, waiting impatiently for the moment that her clothes would come off and Becca could get a better look. This was a feeling she'd never had watching TV before- it confused her, left her feeling dirty. Most of all, though, it turned her on badly.

After fifteen agonising minutes, the time came for the woman to strip. Becca adjusted her sitting position, waiting patiently, and realised with a racing heart that her lips were wet. Christ, I need to get laid soon, she scolded herself, but she couldn't pull her eyes away.

"Enjoying yourself, Bex?" Hannah smirked. The sound of her voice snapped Becca back to reality and she glanced over. For a ludicrous flash of time, she thought that her friend somehow knew about the juices, but Hannah was watching her curiously. Shit, Becca thought. The realisation that she'd been caught staring made Becca blush, but she was too horny to care very much. After all, it was only Hannah, a woman who'd seen her naked countless times. Hell, Hannah had seen Becca wet herself on at least three occassions, throw up more than once and now even poo in her panties. She'd even walked in on her masturbating once in their Fresher year. They had very little to hide from each other anymore. Even so, the shorter girl must have realised that Becca felt caught out, because she said, "I don't blame you. She's hot as hell".

"You're straight," Becca reminded her.

"I wouldn't be if she came onto me," Hannah purred, now watching the TV just as doggedly as the girl beside her. Becca didn't know if her friend was joking or not, but her arousal had put her in a risk-taking mood.

"She could come on me any day".

"You mean onto you".

"I meant what I said," Becca said cheekily, and Hannah laughed her pretty laugh. "Come on, woman, strip already!"

"Yeah, get those tits out," Hannah heckled in approval, grinning. As if she could hear them, the contestant emerged from backstage at that exact moment, as naked as the day she was born. Both girls certainly liked what they saw.

"This must be torture for you," Hannah teased. Becca asked what she meant. "Well, if it's even getting me horny, I can't imagine what it's doing down there for you".

Becca wasn't about to admit anything. "I'm an adult, I can control myself," she lied. "And anyway, you're staring just as much as me, considering you claim to be a carnivore". Hannah looked around in shock, but Becca's eyes were glinting audaciously.

"Yeah, well, lately I've been wondering if I might be omnivorous".

"You can't just suddenly turn bi, Han, that's not how it works," Becca told her sternly. Hannah sat up straight and turned to her friend, and all of a sudden the nude young woman on the TV was forgotten. Her expression was one that Becca had rarely seen on that face, if ever- shyness.

"I'm not suddenly turning bi. It's something I've been thinking about for a while now," Hannah said.

"You're not serious".

"I am".

"This is another wind-up, like the one from earlier".

"Nope. Pinky promise".

Becca felt butterflies in her stomach and instantly hated herself for it. If her friend was being honest, if she was really pouring out her soul to the one person she trusted most in the world, then what kind of a person was Becca if her first emotion was... what? Hope?

"You wanna talk to me about it?" she asked, forcing her selfish thoughts to one side and focusing on being there for Hannah, "I've been in the same situation, maybe I could help".

Hannah thought about the offer for what felt like an hour before she spoke. Becca felt queasy as she let Hannah take all the time she needed.

"Yeah," she said finally, "yeah, Bex, thank you. God, I have no idea why I was keeping it from you, I guess I was hiding from it myself. I'd love to talk to you about it. But not now".

"Why not?" Becca pressed. Hannah put her hand on her belly and, right on cue, Becca heard it rumble.

"Because I really need another poo," she said, "which is the worst timing in the world".

"Typical," Becca agreed. Hannah got up and made a beeline for the bathroom. Becca knew all too well the feeling of a powerful urge hitting her all at once. "Thank fuck we stayed in, eh?"

Hannah stopped by the door. "Yeah, or I'd be following in your footsteps from last night," she said with a smile, "come in and we can keep talking, yeah? You'll get over the smell".

Becca paused Naked Attraction, coincidentally freezing the screen right over a shot of the dream contestant's widely spread legs. When Becca stood up off the bed, she was reminded that she'd gotten her panties undeniably damp for the second time in a few hours, and this time not with pee. But her instinct told her that this was not the right moment to feel horny, so she suppressed it with rehearsed expertise and headed for the bathroom.

"Hun, I got over the smell years ago. If I hadn't, I'd be dead by now".

"Fuck off," Hannah giggled as her poop began in earnest, "it's not that bad".

"You're lucky my nose has become accustomed to your farts or I may not have woken up this morning".

Right on cue, Hannah let one rip, the noise so great that her bum was probably audible from across the street.

"You love me, really," she said.

*024*2020-07-16 00:08

I've started feeling bad for Becca, seeing as she's been the victim of almost all the desperation in the story so far. This chapter I wanted to start making amends!

###

The one thing Hannah hated more than being asked questions in class was being asked questions in class while she really had to pee. Concentrating on the history of Spain was hard enough already without the distraction of a full bladder keeping her mind occupied. As the professor flicked through an endless stream of unaesthetic slides about wars and royalty, Hannah's mind couldn't be further from the classroom. So, when she heard her name, that dreadful mixture of surprise and blind panic set in- but she knew she needed to look engaged and focused. The only thing that mattered was ensuring that nobody noticed she hadn't been listening to a word of the presentation.

Fortunately, she blagged an answer that satisfied her teacher, and went back to some of her far more pressing trains of thought in peace. The most prominent one was a real dilemma: Hannah was trying to decide if she should try to make it home, or stop at Becca's flat on the way back. Usually, the latter option would have been far more appealing. Her friend's place was far closer to this building, but there was a catch- Becca was still sore after Hannah had almost made her have an accident the other day, and would undoubtedly try and get her revenge if Hannah wanted to use her loo.

However, it was starting to look like she may not have many other option. Although Hannah wasn't quite on the brink yet, she had always been the type to fill up quickly and didn't doubt that she'd be truly desperate by the time the class finished in around fifteen minutes. Beneath the table, her knees were pressed together hard enough to crush a Coke can. To anyone else in the class, Hannah was just a quiet girl at the back taking notes on her laptop. In reality, though, the young woman had completely forgotten about the document she'd optimistically opened to write in at the start of the lesson. Her eyes were flicking between two things: the agonisingly slow clock in the corner of her screen, and a Facebook Messenger tab where she'd been talking to Becca to pass the time.

Although the two shared lectures, their timetables differed in that their smaller seminars took place in different slots. On Thursday afternoons, for example, Hannah was in a Spanish Culture class while Becca had some free time, but on Friday mornings it was the other way around. Unless it was a particularly important lesson, they tended to text each other throughout such classes to keep things interesting. Some days these conversations wouldn't be anything riveting, but on other occasions they would completely derail any ability to focus on education. As was the standard in their friendship, though, they were always brutally honest.

How's the class? read the latest message from Becca. I have to sit through the same thing tomorrow so I hope it's not too boring this time

Couldn't tell you, Hannah replied, I haven't been able to concentrate

What's up? came the response. Hannah paused briefly. Should she tell Becca the truth? Could she trust her friend not to use that information against her?

She didn't get a choice- Becca was quicker. Need a wee or something? she had asked. Hannah's eyebrows shot up. She could swear the woman was a mind-reader.

I'm busting, how did you know?

I've been there before haha, Becca explained. Can never concentrate when I need toilet. How bad is it?

Hannah punched in a reply message. My eyeballs are floating. She added a moaning emoji for emphasis.

Would it help if I told you I'm having a wee rn? Becca taunted. And, at the end of the message, a smiling devil face.

That would certainly not help, Becca

I'm going right now and it feels so good just to let it out

Hannah couldn't deny that reading this was having an impact on her own bladder. She felt it twinge in anticipation, more in need of a loo now than she had been all day.

Stop it, she sent, knowing that Becca would not.

It's still coming out. Such a relief just to sit on the toilet and let it alllllllll go

Bex, no. Stop it.

Hehehe

You're evil, you know? Hannah wrote.

I learned from the best, little Miss "I need to talk to you about something"

That's different

Why? Becca asked.

Because we weren't in public then, but I am now. Can I stop by your flat and use your loo?

Is it that bad?

Yeah might not make it back to mine, I'm fucking desperate.

Becca sent nothing back but that emoji of a pair of wide eyes. Hannah didn't have time to try and figure out what they meant, because the professor was starting to wrap up and she knew she needed to leave very soon if she wanted to keep her panties dry.

Class is finishing up, she told Becca, can I please come over? I might wee myself if not

Of course, babe, came the reply, which read like music to Hannah's ears, good luck!

As soon as she'd read Becca's approval, Hannah folded her laptop, shoved it into her bag and stood up. She couldn't care less that she was out the door and halfway down the hall before most people had even gathered their things. All she could think about was staying dry for the three-minute walk to Becca's, and even that felt like it could be a challenge. Instinctively, her phone came out and re-opened the chat window while she was on the move.

On my way, she sent, thanks mate

No problem, see u soon!

Rounding the first corner towards the apartment block where she'd spent so many nights both smashed and sober, Hannah was in dire need of relief. It took every ounce of self-control she had not to just grab her crotch and hop the rest of the way- that was sorely tempting, but there were too many people in the city she knew, and she was determined not to be seen in such a state. Nonetheless, the gravitas of her potty emergency had reached the point where a degree of physical holding was inevitable.

If anyone had looked at all closely at the lone brunette walking down the street that afternoon, they may have noticed how briskly she was moving. They might have spotted the way her hips squirmed as she went, or how her legs seemed to be squeezed tightly together, each step crossing over the last more than was natural. Anyone who had paid Hannah any attention that afternoon would have realised that she was on the verge of pissing her pants. But nobody did, and so nobody knew.

Nobody except Becca. Just a minute or so now from salvation, Hannah was as desperate for the toilet as she'd ever been without actually losing control. Grimly, it struck her that making it up the stairs totally dry was going to be nearly impossible. The change from flat ground to an uphill climb would surely be more than her muscles could handle. Leaking wasn't exactly uncommon for Hannah, but she decided it was only fair to warn her friend in advance.

I may need to borrow some knickers... she sent. The reply was instant.

Did u leak?

Not yet but soon.

Aw, it's ok if you do babe, I've got loads of spares. Where r u?

Just around the corner but not gonna make it

You got this x door is open

Hannah's prophecy came to fruition as soon as she took her first step up the staircase. For her body, there were two types of leaks- slow, gentle escapes that seeped through the crotch of her underwear, and hard, fast spurts, jets of hot piss that couldn't be contained by one layer of clothing. It was the second type that she lost when she began her ascent, and instinctively her hand shot down and squeezed at her pussy. That tight grip couldn't prevent another squirt from following the first.

Panicking, she furiously hammered out a message to Becca. Wee coming out

All of it?!?! lots. Be there in ten seconds

The door to Becca's room swung open just as Hannah arrived, and she was ushered inside by her concerned-looking friend. Instantly, Hannah started to unbutton her jeans and head around the corner to the loo- but a hand on her shoulder put an end to that plan quickly. Hannah's heart stopped and she turned to see Becca smiling wickedly. Her demeanour had shifted completely as soon as the door had closed- gone was the worried best friend, replaced by a vengeful mask of evil.

"Hannah?"

"What?" Hannah groaned, bobbing up and down on the spot as she battled for control. She knew what was coming.

"I really need to talk to you about something..." she said, grinning like a shark.

"Bex, please, I'm sorry about the other day. I'm gonna piss myself in ten seconds".

"This won't take long, Han," Becca smirked, "it's just something important". Hannah wasn't in the mood for these games. She was not about to have an accident while standing just metres from the loo. Defiant, the girl pulled her jeans and underwear down in one swift motion and squatted.

"Let me wee or I'll do it on your carpet," she warned. Becca looked shocked.

"You wouldn't," she said.

"I would, Bex, I'd piss right here. I'm that bloody desperate".

Becca's eyes narrowed. She was pretty sure her friend was bluffing, but didn't want to risk a ruined carpet- and besides, the torture had probably gone on long enough.

"Fine, you can pee," she grumbled, "but this makes us even after Tuesday". Before she'd even finished talking, Hannah slumped onto the toilet heavily, her legs going weak as relief washed over her. The sheer volume of the hissing noise was unbelievable. It wasn't hard to see the huge damp patch on the inside of Hannah's underwear where she'd leaked on the stairs, and from the outside of her jeans it was just as possible to spot. Without the need for shyness around her friend, Hannah was openly moaning in relief as she emptied her bladder.

"Yeah, even," she agreed, eyes rolled back, "but if you ever try something like that again I swear I'll actually wee on the floor".

Becca couldn't suppress a familiar half-smile when she imagined that scene. There was something undeniably hot about the thought of Hannah doing something so naughty.

"If you ever try anything like that again, I swear I'll make you".

