Adventures in the Caligula Verse

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2019-08-11 17:14

A world where your dreams can become reality......

Where you can live out your fantasies..

And be happy forever......

Wouldn't that be a wonderful world?

Wouldn't it be a paradise?

Wouldn't it be much easier than reality?

So much better.....

So much less Painful....

So much more fulfilling.....

Won't you please join me?

===

[Chapter 1: Intro]

"Mmmmnnn..."

A soft groan, as the rays of the morning sun peeked through a set of half-closed blinds.... Gently rousing the previously sleeping figure just in view of the window. A toss, a turn, and a yawn heralded the eventual awakening of the subject hidden beneath the blanketed bed.... A boy in teal pajamas, with messy brown hair.

Tossing his covers aside, and kicking off the side of the bed, the surroundings were the same as ever to him. A sizable room, with a computer on a desk an the far end, a swivel chair that had spun about the opposite way, a dresser that likely contained his clothes to the side, a closet that held his other things in the corner, the blinds that betrayed delayed slumber habits letting in peeks from the windows....

And, naturally, several large posters on the wall of the famous idol, Mu.

A majestic beauty, with flawless, creamy light skin....Long, white hair that dangled off the side in a cute ponytail... Round and soft violet-shaded eyes, a low-cut white dress that teased at her picturesque, not-too big, or too small breasts, and knee-high white socks, that ended with matching white, heeled shoes. Some of the other posters were of various angles, be it from above, to the side, or even nearly risque from-below views.... The idol's face lightly flushed, but not adverse......

And in the corner of every single poster.... Was a beautifully-written signature, gracing each and every one with the mark of approval.... The signature of Mu herself, with a small heart next to each of them.

"Mmm.. Good morning, my Idol~" the boy called to the posters, standing on his tip-toes to kiss at one of the posters with a side view.... Drawn to look like one was walking beside her, as he started to go through his dresser... Pulling out a uniform, and tossing it haphazardly behind him on the bed. A quick shutting of the dresser, and the swivel chair was spun back around.... The boy quickly taking a seat and firing up the computer, without even looking behind him to ensure the clothes reached their destination. No, uniforms could wait......

Today was a special day.... Something he confirmed for the sixth or seventh time over the course of the past two days... A mixture concert and lottery!

The concert, naturally, was to be held by none other than Mu herself... But the lottery?

Not only was it a year-long, free-pass to all of her concerts....But you also got to talk to her! For five whole minutes! With only one of her handlers around!

"I waited in line for three hours for the first ticket..." the boy called to himself, reaching into his pajama top to pull out a.......Ticket, held in a locket.

[001]

Naturally, as her biggest fan, no other number would be appropriate..... As browsing on the web for a few minutes, followed by some feverish typing...Eventually lead to the boy standing up, clutching his ticket, and pumping his fists.

"Alright! It's time to go!" the boy called, quickly changing into his uniform... A greyish white, unbuttoned blazer, a forest green, button-up shirt beneath, and long, black pants that ended with brown loafers. "I'll be seeing you, my Idol!"

The boy waved his hand back at the myriad of posters, and started out of his bedroom... Revealing a rather...modest apartment building that was mostly barren... Save for his bag near the door, a fridge, and an oven on the far end. He scooped up the bag, grabbed his keys, and darted out into the bright, sunny morning.... Starting on his morning jog to school.

"Kishimai High School.." he stated to himself again, recounting the past few days. He'd been transferred here a few months back, it felt. Moved to his own building, tuition free, and was introduced to the lovely Idol Mu...

"Morning, Senpai!"

"Good to see you, Senpai!"

"You're looking great, Senpai!"

Plus, to his surprise, a whole school that was filled to the brim with girls! Not that he particularly minded the myriad of girls, in all shapes and sizes.... But, it seemed disproportionately female to him. He couldn't remember if he knew a single male student other than himself, as he paced into the school grounds.

"Thank you, thank you.."

Of course, while there were girls tall and small... Shapely, or flat...or anything in between, all that could tick various marks of appeal, he would only commit himself to his one, true Idol, Mu!

"Aaahh...I..It's an emergency...!" a soft voice cried out, music to his ears as he suddenly swerved to the left.... Beside the brilliant, majestic school building, and juuuuuust a short ways into the school gardens....

Was a modestly endowed girl, with long, braided teal hair, shifting wildly in place as she looked at a small patch of flowers. Her hands were buried in the black uniform skirt of school, though based on her destination... It wasn't going to be there long.

The boy didn't dare interrupt such an affair, merely watching as the skirt was rolled up, and a silky green fabric was tugged down, marred with damp tension....As the girl knelt down beside the bed of flowers.

"Haaaaaah...!" the girl sighed contently, as a healthy spray gushed from the girl's personal faucet, pale-yellow liquid splashing, and pooling in the soil of the gardens. "Ohhhhh... Ohhhhh... Gotta stop drinking so much tea first thing in the day.... Ohhh, at least the stain's small...."

The boy gave a small smile, getting a nice view of creamy thighs and shapely posterior.....Before turning to move on along to class. chuckling a bit.

"Mmm... Always nice to see a Moon in the morning." he mused to himself with a chuckle, closing his eyes and picturing it once more. If there was something else notable about the school than it's copious amount of females...

"Ahhhnnn.....Why is it always like this?!"

"C'mon, let me go ahead of you...!"

"N-N-No way... If i wait any longer, it's gonna be a crisis.."

Was the seeming popularity of nearly-popping piddle pots. It seemed almost every break, every recess from scholastic, every moment he wasn't focused on schoolwork...

"Ahhh..!!! Sorry, but it's coming out..!" one of the girl's voices wailed as she charged into the girl's bathroom... Without waiting for an opening. He ponders for a few moments if she'll manage to find some last-second relief method, but then moves right along.

'Not adverse to the idea, of course..' he thought with another small grin, as he paced down the halls. 'Though, I do wish more girls would stumble into the men's room for their relief.'

I mean, he was practically the only guy around... What harm would ti be for them to.. make use of it?

Soon enough though, class was upon him... Cutting out the majority of these fantasies, as he feigned interest in his class.

The teachers at the school were nice, and helpful enough...But, he felt like he already knew everything they had to teach. A lesson would come up, he'd acknowledge it, and he'd mentally tune out as he solved assigned problems...

Then started to idly sketch in his notebook, waiting for class to come to a close.....

"And don't forget to read the next chapter, before tomorrow's lesson!" the teacher called, just as the bell rang. "We'll be going over it then!"

He'd already finished the book, but glancing over it later couldn't hurt too much... As he packed his things away, and started out to his next class, watching the line at the girl's with another sly grin....

Before resigning himself to his math class.

'Add the bed, subtract the clothes...' he mused lightly in his head as he glanced over some of the girls. 'Divide the legs, and..'

"Pssst... Senpai, do you know how this works? I'm totally lost..."

"Pray... Oh, yeah sure." he responded, snapping out of his...questionable thoughts, as he leaned over. "You just gotta..."

Even if he got everything easily, didn't mean everyone did... But, he thoroughly enjoyed being able to help any of the girls that came his way for help. It was noble, it was just...

And he certainly wasn't thinking anything lewd as he looked them over... Like how his current charge's black bra strap was showing under her uniform top.......

The ringing of the bell ended his little tutoring session, but prompted something much more enjoyable....

"Lunch!"

He always enjoyed lunch time...For the school's surprisingly delectable selection, and also....

"Senpai, do you wanna eat lunch with me?" A shapely, red haired girl called with a bright smile.

"Oh, sure thing, Ayam-" he started, going to return the smile...

"Get away from me, you braindead, horndog, chimpanzee."

Only to hear a completely different voice from the girl.. Her hair...changing colors to brown, and the bright smile being replaced with a loathsome scowl. He blinked a few times, and rubbed his eyes, seeing a black pattern over the girl's head for a few moments, before returning to the red haired girl again.

"Senpai? Are you okay?" the girl asked, his nose picking up the scent of strawberries...As he lightly shook his head.

"Uh...Yeah... Sure." he remarked, brushing his hair with his hands lightly. "C'mon... Let's go."

The lunchroom was lively, but not too loud, as he quietly ate lunch... Pondering if he'd just imagined the scowl, and black patterns.

'Usually, even the coarser girls are a bit more...' he thought, thinking of the dozens, if not hundreds he'd seen. 'Gentle, with their words..'

He didn't have too long to ponder about the mysterious occurrences, as the table next to his had some... action.

"Hm? Where are you going, Megu?" a shapely girl, with black hair called over to another, far smaller dark haired girl... That lightly quivered as she turned her head..

"H..hm...I...I just need a minute..." the petite girl responded... Someone else leaning over.

"She's going to the bathroom, Yun." another girl, with messy blonde hair called in a quiet tone... But not too quiet for him to pick up..

"Ah? But I thought 'Crimson Demons Don't need to use the bathroom'" the shapely girl responded, prompting a flinch from the smaller girl... And another smile to curl at the boy's lips.

'Ah yes... The Crimson Demon.' he thought to himself, feeling his own face flushing a bit. 'Great power, super totally actually a mage... And just.. too bold for her own good.'

"R..Right... Right, I'm just going to the... Uh...Getting to science early!" she stated, quickly. "I've gotta catch up on some work... A...And a crimson demon is never late, either!"

"Really..?" the shapely girl responded in a disbelieving tone... As the boy decided to make his move.

"Right! Let's go then." he stated, firmly. "I'll help you with that work. If you don't object of course..."

The petite girl flinched, but gave a small nod, eyes glancing to the lunchroom doors.

"R..right.. .S..sure.." she stated quietly, looking like she was regretting her words already. "L...lead the way, senpai.."

He waved a goodbye to the red haired girl, and started along with the petite black haired girl... Watching her stagger, and shift every few steps....Pausing to let her catch up, before he came upon a... certain area..

"Ah, go on ahead..." he stated, stopping outside of another set of bathrooms. "Crimson demons may not need to go, but a lowly human like me has to."

He could practically feel the flush-tration coming off of the girl as he ducked into the barren men's room.. Moving specifically to the middle stall, as he shut and latched the door...

Above the commode, was what looked like some kind of chiseled drawing of some kind of bird with a long beak....

A toucan? A Stork? He wasn't entirely sure, but just a little below the bird's beak....

Was a small hole, that he could press against the wall and peer through to see straight into one of the stalls in the girl's room, into one of the squat toilets....

It was a long shot...... Four stalls, to one peephole..... It was unlikely, even given he'd lead the crimson demon to the bathroom with a bursting piddle pot, but he had a feeling today was his lucky day....

A thought confirmed as he heard the rattling of the door, seeing it rock a bit as someone on the other end struggled to open it......Prompting his heart to race...

'Here it comes...!' he thought to himself.....Before the door flew open and.....

"Hrnnngh....Stupid...creep.." the grumbling of a girl's voice called, prompting a light flinch from the boy...

As he could see the familiar face of the...angry brown haired girl his friend had briefly (seemingly) Transformed into, as she latched the door.

"K..Keeping me in that lunchroom for so long.... After classes have been going on forever..."

The girl had a long, black dress in lieu of the school's shorter skirts.... Prompting her to slide her hands down to roll it up her hips.

"If he'd kept me any longer.... I'd have...have had to kill him..." she snarled, pale blue fabric being slid down her legs.... Part of it significantly darker than the rest of it, as some light dribbles could be seen on the floor beneath her...

"Hnnngnhhhh... .Ahhhhh.. Haaaaaaaahhhhhnnn.." the girl groaned, grumbled... .and then sighed.... No mere stream, but a healthy, out and out gushing starting to spray all over the commode.... Puddling a pale, clear yellow lake under her. Her scowl had melted to a neutral, almost-half smile.... And her scornful eyes had fluttered close... Looking....

Looking like quite a pleasant, cute girl..... As her body pumped out what seemed like pints of pent-up piddle.... The boy finding himself unable to stop staring through the little peephole....

For what felt like a small eternity. His heart was pounding, his mind was racing.... And yet, as the girl's eyes opened.... Almost as if they looked straight to him....

He saw the blackness, and backed away... Wondering if he'd been spotted......

Daring to peek back in, and flinching to see the red haired girl he'd had lunch with, in place of the brown haired angry girl. pale blue with a wet splotch had been replaced with a deep red with a similar stain, as the girl stood up, wiping herself down.

"Mmm.. I hope senpai's okay.." she sounded to herself, turning around as she pulled her underwear up... A skirt that only fluttered to her mid-thigh landing down, as the boy backed out of his peeping spot once more....

"Did...Did I really see that.." he asked himself quietly, vividly remembering the angry, brown haired girl.... But then, the red haired one. "Or... or, is something going on..."

He left the stall, washed his hands, and...quietly waited, to see who would come out of the girl's room....

One minute.... Two....Three....

And yet, no one left it. He was starting to think something was wrong with him, as the bell started to ring... Prompting his attention elsewhere.

"Shit.. I can't be late for class!" he snapped, sprinting down the filling halls, moving towards his science class, thoughts racing....

What was that black thing he kept seeing? Who was the brown haired girl? Where did the crimson demon go..?

"Ah, if you'll take your seat.." the teacher's voice called, prompting him to take his thoughts to his chair, as he mentally recounted the scenes again......

'Don't think I've seen her before...' he though, quietly. 'And... the way she just.. takes the place of her.. What's going on..'

He thought for a few scant moments about this, before noticing the figure sitting next to him...

A squirming, shifting, writhing figure of petite status.... Hands buried in her lap, and teeth clenched as she suffered in silence...

The 'Crimson Demon', in clearly dire straits....

"Well, maybe I can think about that later..' he thought to himself as he grabbed his pencil and glanced over at the squirming subject, starting to feel his worries melting away. 'Between this, the concert, and the lottery, I've got enough on my plate..'

And probably the lesson too....You know, if he felt like it...

=======

