Eastern Isle Short Stories

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2018-05-25 04:03

I'm glad my readers took an interest in this, though I have to admit these are not the best stories. For anybody curious, this is where I'm putting a collection of short stories from my interactive story: Curse of the Eastern Isle. Unlike the interactive which follows the perspective of the wandering monster hunter, Franziska Audenveil, these stories will be from the perspective of various party members. The first one I've written is from a small plan I had for Addilyn, The other three who will be getting a short story will be Margo, the short-tempered, short-sized engineer, Catia, the head paladin of the town of Minevorska's church, and Franziska herself.

A link to the interactive for anybody interested in a dark fantasy adventure: https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/34992-the-curse-of-the-eastern-isle/

____

Addilyn: The Demon in the Shadows

“Eto, fier.” Addilyn muttered the spell in druidic, watching as a small flame sprung to life in her hand. “Eto, ince” The flame froze and turned to solid ice. “Eto, arcana.” The ice melted, twisting into a ball of small purple energy.

For Addilyn Tsereteli, wandering bard of the Caravani, these small druidic incantations were her nightly routine. She would practice them, muttering the words and watching as a small ball of the element she summoned floated in her palm. The energy, with the right focus, could be manipulated and reshaped into anything the caster desired. It was this element of the incantation that Addilyn practiced, to summon and reshape the spell into the arcane arrows she used was a feat of countless nights of practice.

It was a late night on Oldengrad, the tavern had already seen the nightly rush as the residents of the hamlet would flock in for a supper of vegetable stew before rushing back to their homes. Even behind the walls of their hamlet, guarded by devices of steam and automation the people of Minevorska did not sleep easy. Addilyn never blamed them; once the sun went down and the shrieks of demons and undead filled the air, nowhere, not even in town, was safe.

In the tavern, the fire was all but cinders, a few flecks of the dying log still burned with a red glow. The lanterns swayed with a dim flame, basking the corners of the common room in shadow. Outside, the snow picked up, a fog of white against a blood red sky. Addilyn could hardly see beyond the window, the storm was growing, as was the darkness.

A few of the hamlet’s residents remained in the tavern, bleeding the last of the kegs dry as they discussed business. Sometimes Addilyn felt like they were staring, making quiet judgement about her. She was reminded of her fight in the church, and the first impression she must have left on the residents as she was carried to the quarters. They had to have known, a girl who had soiled herself being carried through a chamber full of people. Addilyn dwelled on it too much; She had wanted to forge her place as the towns saviour in their darkest hour. The towns people would speak of her in only the most heroic fashion, telling tales of her bravery during the attack on the church. But that was all a dream, Addilyn had forged her place among the people of Minevorska... as the girl who had shit herself, the girl who whimpered and cowered with the others while the real heroes took the glory. It was a depressing, but not deterring thought, one that made her soul feel empty.

“I don’t believe it one bit!” One of the men said with a gruff accent. He wiped the ale from his long beard and slammed his flagon down. “Them defenses outside would’ve scared the fucker away right quick!”

Suddenly, practicing incantations did not seem so interesting to Addilyn. The tales and rumours drew her to them like a moth to a flame. She drew her focus toward the conversation at the other table, shifting herself along the chair to get closer.

“Don’t believe me, do ya not?” The second man had a more crooked accent, a foreigner in these lands. “We saw it, horrible shaggy bastard roaming about on the outskirts of the town."

“Didn’t think to report that to the paladin’s, did you?”

The foreigner cackled. “‘Course we did! Nowhere to be seen when they sent one or two of the holy lads over. Buggered off under the wall and back into the forest!”

The first man did not sound impressed with the story. “So you scared off a wolf pup? That’s worthy of a story, is it?”

“Well… what’s a story wi’out a kicker?” The foreigner leant in. “Saw it again tonight. Big dark eyes, beastly thing with four legs sittin’ in the black, starin’. Sorta like those ugly bastards we saw scattered around the church. Ya know, the dogs.” He sat back, smirking. “You’re welcome to go take a peek if you think I’m tellin’ you shit.”

The bearded man chuckled before reaching for his flagon. “I don’t need to. It’s a wolf pup, no doubt. Small enough to fit through that wall and is probably looking for it’s mother.” Their conversation dwindled into something less interesting; a discussion on fortification, nothing interesting.

“Something lurking in the shadows…” Addilyn muttered. She stared out through the frosted panes toward the small area of empty land behind the tavern. It was blacker than the abyss out there. Stories had been going around of things creeping over the wall. Rogue beasts, wolves, demons, the story changed with every person who told it, each giving their own account of what they’d either seen or were told until it became a web of absurd rumours and speculation. That never stopped Addilyn from believing them though. She anxiously sipped the last of her juice and pushed the flagon away. She was not sure if it was the fatigue from spellcasting, but during her practice she had felt the weight of her bladder lingering. Addilyn sighed; she’d pushed the feelings to the back of her mind, putting it off for as long as she could. She’d lost count of the juice she had drank, two cups? Three? Spell practice often left her with a strong thirst, and on some days a full bladder.

With the lavatory out of commission, when nature called there was nowhere to go but outside, behind the tavern. There had been the bowls Wanda had been so kind as to offer people. A sort of last resort for relief. The innkeep’s wife had thought it for the best that nobody ventured out into the cold in the dead of night as rumours persisted through the town. But Addilyn didn't like that option, especially after an accidental encounter with Franziska when the monster hunter had stormed in while she was relieving herself... shamelessly into a porcelain bath. Addilyn never liked making her water in the company of others, she was always a shy girl and now she shared a room with two other girls; There was nowhere private for her to do it in a bowl. If she went out into the corridor, she risked waking the whole upstairs with the sound, if she did it in the room, the sound would wake Lucina.

She has been practicing all day with the Paladins, surely she's unconscious. She's not going to hear if I used the bowl. Fearfully, Addilyn looked out into the darkness of the town. I really don't want to go out there. What if they're right, what if something is lurking out there? She could picture a hideous creature out in those shadows, hiding away from the watchful eyes of the Paladins. Stories always got to her, they left her thinking, always fearing the worst. Now, looking outside, all Addilyn could think of was the horrors of the shadows, whatever they were. She hated to do it, but the fullness of her bladder urged Addilyn towards the bowl beneath her bed, somewhere safe where she could relieve herself. It was a fair thought. She took a deep breath and made her way upstairs.

On her way, Addilyn passed Margo’s room. A candle burned inside as the little engineer was soundly sleeping, cuddled into Andi who lay behind her. “Ah, Ms. Addilyn.” Andi had noticed, the mechanical girl smiled.

“Andi, you’re still awake.” Addilyn returned her smile. She composed herself, keeping her legs steady to avoid bouncing up and down in a childish potty dance. She tensed her muscles and stood still, ignoring the urges.

Andi nodded. “Mother was having some difficulty sleeping. I’m staying awake to comfort her.” Suddenly, Margo began whimpering in her sleep, muttering the name Sara as sadness sunk into her sleeping face. “It’s okay, mother.” Andi spoke softly, rubbing Margo’s head until the little engineer settled back into a quiet snore.

She didn't wish to get caught up in conversation. Nature called, urgently. Addilyn nodded to Andi and continued on toward the last door. The door opened quietly; Addilyn did everything she could to not stir Lucina’s slumber. The silver-haired warrior lay asleep on her bed, wrapped in her blanket. She was in a deep sleep, her loud, monstrous snores nearly shook the brittle floorboards. This would be easy. Hopefully.

Addilyn crept along the floorboards toward her bed and bent down, grimacing as she felt the pressure being put on her full bladder. A small ceramic bowl, larger than a soup bowl sat beneath the bed right beside a pile of fresh sheets. Addilyn pulled the bowl out slowly. A receptacle for relief right in her hands. She held it for a moment, staring cautiously over to the sleeping Lucina. Right. She thought, sitting the bowl down gently on the floor. I just need to undo my shorts.

She undid her belt, moving as slowly as she could to avoid making any noise. squat down. She crouched down, hovering herself over the bowl. pee, and empty the bowl… all without waking up Lucina. That was the hard part, even with her shorts down, Addilyn couldn’t pee. Her body seized up knowing another girl was sleeping just a few feet away. Ooh, she’s going to hear it. It’s going to echo through the room and wake her. She tensed up between the legs, her body denying her bladder relief. She stared down and sighed with frustration.

The bed creaked, a drowsy mumble murmured. “Who…” Lucina, half-asleep, asked to nobody.

Heat rushed to her cheeks, her heart pounded, Addilyn wanted to scream. Acting purely on instinct she rushed to pull her knickers back up and kicked the bowl back beneath the bed. “Ah, Lucina! I-It’s j-just me!” Addilyn sputtered, struggling to put the words together.

Lucina rubbed her eyes and turned in her bed. “Addilyn… ah, you’re retiring to bed?” She said with a weary groan.

“H-Ha, n-no. I-I just c-came to g-get some-something!” Addilyn pretended to root around beneath the bed, fondling the air in a pathetic attempt to feign a search. “Ha! I-I’ve got it.” She rose to her feet, and forgetting that, in a panicked hurry, she’d only pulled up her knickers, Addilyn collapsed to the floor with a thud. Her shorts were still draped around her boots. "Hehe... belt came undone." She tried to laugh it off. I hope I didn't leak... She hadn't, still dry, thankfully.

Closing the door behind her, Addilyn bent down to her knees and pushed her hands against her maidenhood once again. She couldn’t make her water in there, she couldn’t do it out here, and she couldn’t use the lavatory. Was there somewhere, anywhere else she could go? There's a basin down in the bathing room...could I? No! She shook the thoughts of peeing in the sink from her head. No! No! No! What kind of disgusting girl makes her water in a sink!? She sighed, there was only one place she could go at a time like this; and with a nervous glance out into the night, Addilyn knew she had no choice but to go behind the tavern.

Yura had asked curiously where the bard was going this late with a lantern in her hand. Addilyn didn’t answer and rushed out onto the steps of the tavern. She felt herself stop, her feet wouldn’t move beyond the small cover by the steps. The streets were dark, snow fell from the sky, and there was no life to be found. All she had to do was take a few steps down, head around the tavern, relieve herself and head back, but staring into the pitch black night, the uneasy silence tempered with nothing but shadows; it made Addilyn freeze. She felt safe in the tavern with the fire and lights, nothing would get her there… but out here. She whimpered and after making sure nobody was around, crossed her legs.

Addilyn gazed out into the darkness, squeezing her legs tighter, letting out a faint whimper as her maidenhood burned. This is exactly what Franziska means when she says you need to be fearless. The brave voice in Addilyn’s mind said. It was her own voice as it always was. Look at you, crossed legged and whimpering like a little girl who's about to wet herself because you can’t take a lantern and pee out in the dark. You’re not even fearless enough to pee in a pot in there. The voice grew more mocking. I can’t let another girl hear me tinkling into a bowl.

“It’s embarrassing.” Addilyn squeezed her legs so tightly it almost hurt. She bent down and sat on the steps to the tavern. She hoped nobody would see as she calmly rested her hands between her legs, pushing against herself. “Besides… I heard them, something’s wandering around in the darkness. They said it was behind the tavern before vanishing.”

So what? You’re a fighter, you’re not meant to let things like that scare you. You came to this cursed isle of your own volition! You’re one of the protectors of this town now! What kind of protector are you if you’d rather wet yourself than go out in the dark!? The voice may have been her own, but it spoke cruelly. Addilyn peered down the street; she saw the farmstead, an outline of the farmhouse hidden away by the black shadows. A small light came from the tower by the gate and inside Addilyn could make out a feminine figure. It had to be Franziska, who’d bravely offered to do one of the night patrols for Alexandr. What would Franziska say if she saw you right now, cross-legged and whimpering for the privy?

“She’d tell me to be braver than this…” Addilyn muttered sadly to herself. “If I can’t even walk out into the dark… how am I going to fight a demon?” Addilyn began clutching her rapier. “That’s right… I said I’d be braver… what kind of hero would I be if I let the darkness get to me so easily?” Slowly, she rose to her feet. Suddenly, the darkness did not look so dark and Addilyn took her first steps out into the dark streets.

It always felt like something was out there, watching every step she took, waiting for a moment of weakness. That’s what unsettled her the most; there was never a greater sign of weakness than when a person was relieving themselves. Broden always told her that. “You’re always weakest when you’re squatting in the forest.” He’d say playfully, keeping a serious tone about him. “Wouldn’t want to be nabbed while taking a dump, would you?” She missed his crude sense of humour. Maybe one day, she’d see him again; as the hero who defeated the curse of Oldengrad, a thought that kept the darkness away and the fear in her heart dimmed.

The cold did her bladder no good; Addilyn shivered, but there was always a painful, persistent warmth stirring between her legs. Everything she had done since getting up from her seat had done nothing but aggravate her bladder. She’d already been on the verge of relief once. The fear made her feel loose, like she could leak at any moment.

She walked slowly through the snow, one hand on the lantern, the other between her legs to keep her river from flowing. The sounds of crunching beneath her boots moved with a slow, uneasy pace. Addilyn hated the dark, even in town she didn’t feel safe. The portal, with it's chains dug into the ruins of the church hung over the town, harpies swooping in the night and screeching. A ghastly demonic screech echoed through the air, frightening the bard as she began hastening her steps. The sooner she relieved herself, the sooner she'd back in the warm comfort of the tavern.

Maybe it was the slow speed at which she walked, maybe it was the fear that engulfed her like darkness engulfed the town, or maybe it was just the feeling of her full bladder with each step she took, but the walk felt endless, like an eternity. Behind the tavern was an old tin boiler, rusted and neglected, but still functional. Some of the snow around it had melted away from the heat it gave off. There were two houses on the west side of the tavern, separating the rear of the tavern from the street. There were no lights on, nobody would see her here. Nobody would notice an unsuspecting girl squatting to make her water here.

Addilyn sat the lantern down on an empty barrel by her side and began to lift her dress. A sound nearby, like tepid footsteps moving cautiously, caught the bards attention. She froze, her dressed hoisted over her arms as she looked out into the shadows with a fearful gaze. “It’s nothing. My imagination playing tricks on me.” Addilyn said to comfort herself. "There is no way anything could get through that wall." She hiked up her dress, pulled down her shorts, and nervously squatted in the snow. She took a deep breath and relaxed, granting her bladder relief. She could feel the cold numbing her bare backside.

In the silence, a quiet pattering began to fill the air. A sense of relief filled the young bard as her bladder emptied, a dark stream pittled from between her legs, yellowing the snow around her boots. “Uuu…” Addilyn whimpered. She couldn’t enjoy the relief she was feeling, it was overshadowed with fear as she glanced around the shadows, stopping only to peer down at the growing puddle beneath her legs. “Hmm~” She allowed herself one sigh of pleasure, watching as the spurt between her legs intensified, spraying the snow. The snow between her feet melted, the quiet tinkling turned to a loud splattering as her stream struck the now revealed dirt. The heat of her water rose, gently warming the bards legs.

Footsteps again. This time, Addilyn was certain she saw something, a beastly silhouette that stood still the moment she looked over, like it knew she was watching. Her heart began racing, she thought about pulling up her shorts and running; she didn’t even care if she’d piss herself, she wouldn’t care if she stumbled down into the tavern, piss cascading down her thighs if it meant she could escape the gaze of whatever was watching her.

Something definitely moved, Addilyn saw, and it was moving closer to her. Riddled with fear, she pulled up her shorts, her bladder still unrelieved as she began to feel the warmth of her stream filling her shorts. They grew heavy quickly as Addilyn pulled them back up, her thighs and maidenhood now soaked with her pee as she failed to stop her water. She ignored the growing warmth in her knickers, pooling between her legs and washing her lower lips. She had to ignore it, she needed to grab her rapier and defend herself. The beast was moving faster through the darkness, toward her.

Addilyn grabbed her rapier and lifted it in a defensive stance. Something warm was running down her legs, she caught a glimpse of her pee, glistening in the lanterns glow as it ran down her bare legs. No, I won’t let it bother me this time. The beast was closer; She could see it’s features more closely now, four legs and a maw that bore sharp yellow teeth beneath a set of dark red eyes.

Addilyn grasped her rapier nervously, clutching it tightly in her hand. This was it, when the beast would lunge, Addilyn would strike, just like Franziska had taught her. Ease up! Don't let your feet stop! Keep a firm grip on the hilt! She repeated the words Franziska had yelled aboard the Natalya religiously. Weave, stride, strike, repeat!

A dire wolf pup, larger and more ferocious than a mainland wolf, wandered into the light. Addilyn stared the beast down, rapier in-hand, ignoring the wetness growing between her legs. It’s eyes were red, a sign that it was berzerk, driven mad by the powerful magic of the red moon.

The wolf snarled, bearing it's fangs, white breath filling the air as it sized up the young bard. Addilyn stood ready, rapier out in a defensive stance. She wasn't ready when the wolf leapt for her, launching itself on it's hind legs toward the bard. All she had to do was move to the side and strike the wolf with one attack, but she couldn't. The wolf moved quickly, faster than she had expected. In surprise, Addilyn was frozen, too sluggish to properly counter the wolf's lunge. She didn't even notice the wolf was already atop her, knocking her to the ground with force. She felt the warmth as her wet shorts pressed against her backside.

It landed atop her, a beast of thick fur and a deathly stench atop her frail, frightened body. Addilyn used all of her strength to keep off the snarling beast that went for her neck. She wanted to scream but fear had grasped her throat. She was alone, nobody was coming, nobody had heard. This fight was her own. She had to think fast, something, anything to keep the wolf from her neck... and then she remembered; There was a last resort, one Addilyn did not use unless absolutely necessary; The cursed sign of Tsereteli was not something to be used with trivial intent, but she had no choice. Quickly, with a struggle to fend off the attacking wolf, she readied the spell, no, the curse. She felt a burning in her left arm as she channeled it, her palm grew as hot as hellfire.

Time felt like it froze, the cold winter became as hot as the burning hells as Addilyn spoke the cursed incantation she so rarely cast: Signum en Lupus. She placed a hand atop the wolfs head and cast the incantation.

The wolf stopped, growing passive as it’s eyes began to glow a bright gold; From a ravenous feral wolf to a timid puppy, the wolf jumped off the bard and whimpered, lowering it's head like a submissive child. She'd done it. “H-Hi.” Addilyn put her hand out slowly, letting the dire wolf sniff it. It’s tail rose and the wolf sat, tilting it’s head. After a second, the wolf rose to its feet and moved behind her, sniffing curiously around her wet shorts. “Ahh...hey, hey… You can’t do that to people. That’s not how we say hi!” She felt a flush in her cheeks. Gently, she pushed away the curious wolf, who’d taken a fondness in trying to sniff her backside. “Though you don’t see me as people, do you? You recognize me now… like this.” The dire wolf didn’t understand, it’s head tilted further. “You can’t stay here, the other’s aren’t like me.”

The wolf did nothing, it sat by her side and yawned. A howl echoed through the trees, nabbing the pups attention as it’s ears pricked up. “Your family misses you.” Addilyn pet the wolf, smiling as she gestured back to the woods. As if it was a command, the dire wolf ran back into the shadows, vanishing into the night, back to it’s family. And now Addilyn had to face the cold, wet truth as she stared down at her soggy shorts. She sighed, frowning at the darkened fabric that clung to her body. I wet myself again… She tried to be brave, she really did, but it didn’t stop her. To Addilyn, this felt like a failure, she’d let fear get the best of her again.

It reminded Addilyn of something Franziska had said just two nights ago. “When I went to... take a piss earlier, that thing, that portal that appeared, it caught me by surprise. Fear ran through me and before I knew it, I was so paralyzed by fear, that I was... pissing myself." Franziska had spoken so boldly, even for something so embarrassing she accepted that it happened, and that she was no weaker for it. "I saw that giant portal and those chains manifest from thin air, and stricken with panic, I couldn’t hold myself. So no it isn’t snow. I...fear-stricken...pissed myself.” Lying in that bed, that was the moment Addilyn had said she'd be better, that she wouldn't let the small things get to her.

“Not this time…” Addilyn holstered her rapier and shook her head. Her heart was pounding, even in the cold she felt a sweat. “I didn’t run away this time, I didn’t cower, I held my ground.” Suddenly, she didn't feel so scared. A surge of bravery warmed her blood. The night did not seem so dark, the cold did not seem so chilling, the monsters around her did not feel so threatening. "I am Addilyn Tsereteli, wanderer of the Caravarni, and soon... the hero of Oldengrad." The bard got back to her feet. "The next time, I'll be ready." She headed back into the tavern, where a quick bath and bed were waiting.

*004*2018-06-08 05:45

Patented Clom warning: I know, I know, this is tagged messing, but this next short is solely about it. There's a peeing scene but this story is a lot more about messing, including some pretty crude details so you've been warned. Twice.

This is bonus, not related to the current story of eastern isle. It's about Franziska when she was younger, a wandering monster hunter earning her pay from contracts around the world. This was just some fun because I'd like to work on writing fight scenes as well as writing about messing from the characters point of view. Some world building too.

_____

The young monster hunter, Franziska, pulled the opening of the aside, peering in with a curious glance. A cloud of sweet smoke tickled the back of her throat, causing her to cough. Once the smoke cleared, she looked over to a cabinet beside her; The Yatari were a strange group of merchants, peddling curiosities from their home country of Indarra. Small mysterious vials lined a shelf, beneath them sat shrunken heads, books of curses and hexes, the kind of exotic rarities she would expect from a witch doctor, not a merchant.

At the back of the tent, kneeling down before a small table, sat an elderly man with long wiry hair that lacked any colour. “Greetings, traveler.” He greeted the young monster hunter, brushing his pale hair away from his face. The elderly man was nought but skin and bones, he was frail and wrinkled, yet his smile was still bright. “I am Da’jon Severos, head trader of the wandering Yatari. Please, enter. I can see a respite from these valleys is needed.”

Travelling through the windy valleys of Northern Balkana had left the honest, yet illusive face of the young Franziska wild and unkempt; Her flowing ruby hair had grown crooked and shaggy, Franziska had grown fond of tying it behind her head in a messy ponytail. Her eyes, while attentive had grown heavy, yearning for rest. “Thank you.” She entered the tent. “I am Franziska Audenveil, sword of the Selkava.”

Her words drew curiosity from the merchant, who’s dull, weary eyes lifted with interest. “A monster slayer so far from the east?” He smiled, bewildered. “I did not expect a girl so young to undertake such a perilous path in her life.”

A few years shy of twenty and people still looked at her like a child. Nobody ever believed when she addressed herself as a sword of the Selkava. “Looks can be deceiving.” Franziska returned Severos’ smile. “I would not expect such a kind gentleman to be peddling cursed items or books on hexes.” She gestured to the shrunken heads and the strange curiosities on the shelves.

The answer was enough for Severos, who grinned and gestured to the silk cushion by his table. “We welcome those who protect these lands. Please, come sit.” The elderly gentleman gazed at her with foggy eyes before finally cracking a smile. “Can I interest you in some tea?” He asked, his toothless grin widening as he stared toward a small pot.

“Gladly, if it is of no inconvenience to you.” The ride had left Franziska with a raging thirst.

Severos struggled to stand, steadying himself with his cane, and crept slowly to a small ornate teapot sitting over a fire to his right. “It is not, my dear girl. These lands in the east, they bear a numbing cold that I can feel in my bones.” He stood, huddled over the pot as he poured out two cups of tea. “A special blend from my home country, nourishing to the body, as well as the soul.” He gave Franziska a wrinkled smile and presented a cup of hot steaming tea.

“I… thank you.” Franziska bowed her head and accepted the tea, cupping it with both hands and letting the warmth fade the numbness she was feeling. “If you do not mind, Severos, I have come seeking answers regarding a creature in the valley beyond Udenvel forest.” She sipped the fragrant tea curiously. Spices foreign to her palate hit her tongue, sweet yet strangely savoury, like cinnamon. It was good. She enjoyed a second sip. “I was told your caravans had come through the north… and had been the victims of an attack.”

Severos sipped his tea slowly. He pondered things in his head, his eyes staring into nothingness before he looked to Franziska and smiled again. “Hmm… your cup is empty, dear girl.” His withered hand reached out to grab it. “Allow me to pour you another.”

Franziska had not noticed her cup was empty. Already, she had gulped down the cup. “Please. You must forgive me, this tea is good.”

“You needn’t apologize. I am glad to hear it.” The elderly man grabbed the cup and set a pot down over the fire. “Yes, we came from the northern roads. Our caravans have come from Celdaria.” Almost instantly, the water in the pot began to bubble. Slowly, Severos took it from the fire. “I regret to say that I cannot identify the creature that attacked us. It attacked in the dead of night… all I can say, is that the beast was tall, taller than any human. And it’s moan… it echoed in the night. Distant, yet close. Loud, yet quiet…” Severos spoke with a horror that was recounting that night, but his description was poetic. “We fled quickly down the road, few caravans making it from the onslaught.” He lowered his head. “Am I to presume a contract has been put out for the creature?”

Franziska nodded. Talks of the creature of Udenvel forest had spread quickly, instilling fear on any who’d dare venture to the northern valley. “The town of Einreich a few miles back issued it. I was directed by a merchant who had told me your own caravans had a run-in with this creature.”

“Hmm, many have had an unfateful run-in with this creature. Few travelers have come into this camp with a similar tale to our own.” Severos recounted the night of the attack in greater detail. He shared talks of other people who’d pass through the camp with a tale of a large lurking terror harassing them, forcing them to flee in the dead of night.. Franziska sat sipping at her tea, listening intently to every word he said. When her cup was empty, the elderly man would offer another, and delighted with the taste, Franziska would accept.

The way Severos spoke of it suggested to Franziska that the creature moved around, sticking to the dark woods and attacking in the dead of night. “So it has some level of intelligence…” She noted to herself. She needed to make a note of every detail. Her almanac would only get her so far. She need to know details: how tall the creature was, when it attacked, how it attacked, all of these were important.

The elderly merchant continued and certain she had enough, “It’s tall, moans, attacks at night, and strikes with a crudely made club.” Franziska intervened, thanking the man with a kind nod. “Thank you Severos, for your help, and the tea.” She gulped down the last mouthful and slammed the cup down. “I have what I need.”

She concluded with a goodbye to the kind old merchant and headed back out into the camp. The smell of spices and tea filled the air, offset by the intrusion of manure. The Yatari were a large group, merchants and travelers that peddled exotic wares. Their camp, made up of tents and caravans was fairly-sized but cramped, the pathways were muddy, the space between tents was small, like moving down short narrow corridors. The sooner Franziska was back on the road, the better she'd feel.

Franziska saddled up her horse and rode out for the Udenvel forest. On the ride, she ran the words through her head. It’s tall, moans, attacks at night, and attacks with a crudely made club. Over and over she repeated them on the ride. A giant? A berserker? A troll? She’d never known a giant to get so close to humans, they were recluse, preferring the deepest regions of Balkana’s forests, far away from any humans. And a berserker, the patterns of attack and method would fit the strange demonic manifestations that would rarely emerge in the dead of night… but they were rare and once their taste for blood was sated they would vanish back to the dark realm they emerged from, they never attacked multiple times. The most likely culprit was trolls, a beast all too common to Balkana; raiding a merchants camp, looking for shiny things; hells know why it would moan, but the rest sounded fitting of a forest troll. This would plague her thoughts for most of the journey.

The lush green valleys of central Balkana grew greyer and drabber the further north Franziska went. The air grew colder and the forests grew denser and larger. She was unsure how long she had ridden, but it had to have been a few hours as she began to feel the four cups of tea sitting in her bladder, eager for release. Franziska had ignored her bladders call for relief for most of her journey. Each knock she took atop her horse reminded her, each knock was more painful than the last, but she'd continue on, ignoring it. It was only after passing the river and arriving in the valley could she not hold off nature’s call any longer. She needed to make a quick stop by a bush, but not on the main road where people were riding.

She rode off from the path, between the trees and into the deeper woods. The dirt and leaves kicked up furiously as she spurred her horse on through the muddy terrain, looking for somewhere private to piss. She stopped short of some bushes and ordered her horse to halt. “Thank fuck…” She muttered, hopping off the horse and running for the bushes, clutching her cunt with both hands. Her bladder called for relief, burning between her legs with urgency, her lips quivered as she grabbed herself tighter. Every step felt like it was her last before she’d piss herself. She’d been holding it for a while, a long journey on a bladder filled with tea until she was bursting.

Quickly, she squatted down behind the bushes and pulled at her belt, furiously yanked down her greaves and pissed in the dirt. Her greaves were not even halfway down before her bladder burst, a flood of water began pouring from between her legs, striking the ground beneath her with a fierce splattering. Quickly, Franziska pulled her cloak aside and bent down behind the bushes “Ahhhhahaha…” She let out a gasp of relief as her water splattered in a pile of freshly fallen leaves. A bead of sweat ran down her cheek as the relief overtook her, sending a pleasure through her body that made her legs tremble. The force of her stream striking the leaves caused her water to sprinkle her boots, but it bothered Franziska none. Some piss on her boots was preferable to piss in her knickers.

She crossed her arms and leant forward, enjoying the relief as she made her water. She let the last of her water trickle into the dirt. Her stream died to the final drops, a large steaming puddle formed around her boots, her water dripping from the pile of crisp dry leaves she’d relieved herself on. “Ahhh…” She shuddered, jerking her shoulders gleefully. Though in her urgency, Franziska had forgotten to grab something to wipe with from one of the saddlebags. She grumbled, wiggled her arse to shake off the final drops and yanked one of the dry leaves from the bush to wipe herself.

Relieved, Franziska yanked up her greaves and made her way back to her horse. It was then she noticed something she had not noticed in her desperate haze. She had been so desperate for a piss that she hadn’t noticed there were two tracks leading deeper into the forest. Franziska leant down and took a look; they looked like caravan tracks and as she traced them into the forest, she began to see a path of destruction follow. Trees uprooted, earth and grass scattered like it had been trampled and thrown around, signs that urged Franziska to follow them. Most would’ve turned tail and ran at the sight of such destruction, but for a monster hunter, it was a sign they were following the right path.

Deeper into the forest Franziska went, one hand cautiously hovered over the hilt of her silver shortsword. In the dark woods, it felt like something was always watching her. The forest grew dense, overgrown pathways strangled by vines made the walk difficult, the sun vanished behind the thickness of the trees overhead, barely a few glimmers of sunlight made their way down. It made Franziska feel uneasy, her hand now grasping the hilt of her sword. With such thick foliage and little light, there had to be something watching her this far off the road.

The tracks led her to a small secluded camp, or more accurately, the ruins of a camp. Two merchants caravans remained with the torn remains of a tent and the hollow husk of a cold firepit. “If they made camp, then what the hell overturned these caravans?” That was what spread an uneasiness through her body. Wolves were all too common in Balkana, trolls too, but neither possessed the raw strength to overturn a caravan full of stock. That meant she could cross trolls of her list, and it made the chance of it being a giant much higher. Franziska turned her attention to the caravans first. She examined them, peering inside for any clue. To her surprise, the stock was left behind, broken bottles spread across the overturned cart, crates still loaded with supplies were left behind too. “Whatever did this wasn’t interested in stealing.” Franziska concluded.

She looked around the forest, hoping the dense woodland could offer something more, but the trail ran cold at the camp, and only untouched forest remained. There was still something to be found, Franziska just knew it, and if the trail couldn’t show her, she’d just have to look beyond what she could see. The demon’s gaze, the ability to sense dark magic. If it was a monster harassing these lands, then Franziska would be able to sense it; all monsters left behind dark a trace of black magic. The strength of the magic varied depending on the creature, and it wasn’t entirely accurate, but it would give Franziska an idea of what she could be facing.

But first, her demonic power had to be awakened. Franziska closed her eyes and focused all of her energy. She felt it awaken, her blood began to boil as a crippling pain shot through her body. The powers of her demonic blood came alive, she felt the dark energy permeating at her fingertips as the world around her went dark with only her senses to guide her. With a demon’s gaze, Franziska could see and feel dark magic, but the power cost her her sight. The world became an unending darkness, yet Franziska could not get lost, she always knew where she was going and see as if the world around her was still visible. She could sense dark magic everywhere, lingering, but growing stronger to the north. It was strong, whatever was here was a creature of strong corrupted magic. Franziska could feel it, the dark magic was overwhelming. Her blood ran cold as the strong magic led her to believe it most likely a berserker.

She followed the path, noticing the concentration of dark magic was stronger is some areas, suggesting to Franziska that whatever had attacked the camp had stalked it’s prey from these small areas. She pushed on, feeling fatigue set in from the power of her demon’s gaze; Her body began to feel weak, her legs trembled as her blood grew hotter like lava in her veins. Franziska couldn’t maintain the energy needed for her demonic power any longer, it was a short-lived power but useful nonetheless.

“A giant shaman? Berzerker sounds back on the table.” She said to herself. Her blood began flaring up and her head was pounding from the pain. She unfocused her power and let the pain in her body settle before advancing. The world returned to her, the cold forest filled her vision, the smell of dank and earth filled her nostrils, the tweeting of nearby songbirds sang in her ears. Her senses had returned and once her demonic blood had settled Franziska ventured further north, knowing the trail persisted deeper into the valley.

Dusk came quickly, the sun began setting in the distance and before Franziska knew it the night was upon the valley. Darkness spread out across the land, a blanket of stars filling the clear sky. It was too late to be searching now, Franziska decided to get off the road and find a place to camp. She rode off the path and into the deeper forest, coming across a small opening beneath the trees that would suffice for a camp; open space, fair protection from the elements, and far enough off the path that it would arouse no suspicion from bandits.

Franziska hopped down from her horse and grabbed the silverlight lantern from her horse’s saddle. This far off the road, she had to be wary of dark creatures. With the silverlight lantern, no beasts could stalk her camp, the silver light would repel them and force them to keep their distance. She poured a small handful of silver dust into the lantern and lit it, watching as it resonated with a faint silver glow. She sat it on a tree stump and gathered the rest of her camping supplies; a large tattered sheet, a brass cooking pot, a jar of preserved stew and some firewood.

She lay out the blanket, poured out the jar of stew into the cooking pot, and readied the firewood. She grabbed an orange gem from her rucksack; a firestone. She crushed the gem in her hand, the fragments began heating up in her palm. She threw them on the firepit, watching as the fragments burst into tiny flames, slowly growing into a roaring fire. The flames grew bigger, engulfing the kindling in a bright orange glow that warmed the chilly air around her. Franziska sat down by the firepit, allowing herself a moment to enjoy the heat, and laid out the remaining contents of her rucksack in front of her. “Fragments of silver, bomb husks… and the most important ingredient.” She lifted a flask of red liquid to her eyes. “Vorment’s blood.” The ingredients necessary for silvershard bombs, one of the most versatile weapons in a monster hunters arsenal, perfect for tackling any creature regardless of size.

She sat the pot of stew over the fire and got to work on her bomb making. There was no need for delicate hands when it came to bomb making. The only call for attention was ensuring the Vorment’s blood did not come into contact with any flame. A stray spark or wandering flicker would be enough to ignite the highly volatile blood, but Franziska was no novice to bomb making, it was the substudy of her alchemy that she knew from heart. She loaded a handful of the silver fragments into a bomb husk and filled it to the brim with the blood. Any creature, dark-blooded or not, would not be able to resist the blast of such a potent explosive. If she was dealing with a giant, the blast would stagger it, allowing her more lethal strikes.

The pot of stew above the fire began to bubble as she prepared the final bomb. The smell of spiced meat and gravy filled the air, conjuring a growl from Franziska’s stomach. She hadn’t eaten all day, the most that had filled her empty stomach was the generous offering of tea the elderly merchant had given her. Every time she neglected a meal, she was reminded of the teachings of elder Khazim at the Selkava Fortress; A good meal is just as important as the sword on your back.

Franziska finished her stew and readied herself for bed. The cold night would forbid her the pleasure of sleeping in the nude; which was a shame, she enjoyed the feeling of a warm sheepskin against her naked body. She made her water behind a tree, the cold night causing the steam to rise around her thighs as she emptied her bladder against the trunk of a giant oak. After relieving her bladder, Franziska settled into her sheets, as she lay down her stomach felt unsettled, it felt heavier after her dinner. She thought nothing of it and fell asleep beside the fire.

Some time, most of it spent in the darkness of sleep, passed. An owl swooped down, landing nearby, looking over the camp. Franziska lay awake in her sheepskins, a grimace on her face as she rested her hands on her stomach. The pains in her stomach had gotten to be too much, driving Franziska from her sleep. She couldn’t tell how long she’d been asleep for, the fire was still burning; it would burn the whole night with a firestone lighting it. Above a canvas of stars twinkled, the moon was above her. At best, Franziska could guess it was after midnight.

She lay in her bed sheets, staring up at the stars in the sky and muttered gentle words of encouragement to herself. “I’m fine. It’s nothing. You can wait.” There was no kind way to say it: Franziska had to shit. “I should’ve known, it’s been two days.” A brothel a few towns back; that was the last time she had relieved her bowels. She’d made passionate love to a woman on the night, eaten a sloppy breakfast the next morning and then dropped a log in the outhouse before leaving for the town of Einreich. That was two days ago. She hadn’t felt the urge of her bowels since then, the small meals had kept her stomach relatively settled until now.

Her stomach grumbled, a fierce weight in her gut pushed down on her. Franziska tried to ignore her bowels, crossing her legs and turning on her side with the hopes the pains in her lower stomach would go, but they persisted regardless of how she lay, her stomach gurgled and every few moments something hard would press against her sphincter. She could feel it descending from her gut, down to the opening of her anus. It was when she felt her anus widen and something hard poke out from between her cheeks that she realized she couldn’t hold it until morning.

With a sigh, Franziska threw her sheepskin bedding aside, the disgruntled sounds she made as she got to her feet disturbed her horse, who neighed in shock to her owners awakening. “You needn’t worry.” She stroked the horse’s mane as she desperately rummaged in one of the saddlebags. “I haven’t shit in two days, and I can’t hold it until morning.” A few sheets of silk, perfect for cleaning up once she was done. Franziska took them from the saddlebag, grabbed her rucksack and sword and ventured quickly into the forest, puckering her anus and praying for just another minute.

Although the feelings were urgent, Franziska walked a fair distance from her camp, deeper into the forest, her silverlight lantern in hand. It was a habit of hers, she could not relieve herself by the side of the road like a commoner. She owed it to her Vetallan nature that issues like this flared up her cheeks unless she was somewhere completely isolated. Deep in the forest, nobody would hear the sounds of her expulsion, they wouldn’t hear the muddy splats or find the leavings once she was finished. And once she was done and relieved, she wouldn’t have to suffer the smell this far from her camp.

She felt the mass poking out again, the pains in her stomach grew intensely. Franziska grimaced as she clenched her cheeks, puckering up and forcing the mass to retreat. Her stomach growled and the pains grew briefly until it felt like her muscles were going to go soft, her body telling her it couldn’t hold the weight of her bowels much longer. An owl sat on a branch above, watching the monster hunter as she settled on an area to empty her bowels; a small bank beside the running river.

A moan called out nearby, distracting her. Slowly, Franziska stepped out from beside the bush and looked out into the forest. Whatever that was... It was close. She didn’t know a creature that made such a deep moan, but whatever it was sounded like it was in pain. “A moan, late at night.” Had the creature terrorizing the valley seen her camp? It was nearby, a short walk to the east from where she was, that was where it sounded like the creature was. Franziska sighed again, she really needed to relieve herself but she couldn’t do it knowing something was nearby, especially if it was the creature. She didn’t wish to end up like the stories Severos had recounted earlier. “This will take but a minute.” She mumbled to herself, hoping those words would steel her bowels long enough for her to investigate.

Slowly, and with her shortsword in hand, Franziska moved toward the source of the moaning. She wandered upon the remains of another camp, all that had been left behind was one caravan. There was nothing else left. So far north, Franziska wondered if this was one of Severos’ merchant caravans just like the others she’d seen. She looked around the camp, fixing her lantern into the shadows of the forest, searching for what was out there. She could see nothing in the darkness. Something began creaking behind her, it was the caravan; the rusted wheels and faulty joints creaked as the wooden box shook. Something was hiding inside. Franziska knew it.

She drew her sword, set the lantern down and approached the caravan. Now of all times... She cursed. It could've been nothing, she wished it was nothing. If the camp was empty she could at least excuse herself to relieve her bowels. Suddenly, the caravan began to move, the chain attached to it shook violently as an agonizing moan filled the air. From beside it, the air shimmered and distorted; an illusion dispelled, revealing an animated tree, an ent, carved from the trunk of a large oak and given life in the form of a crystal heart that gleamed from a cavity in its chest. It was carved in the shape of a human, it’s face was hollow, carved out until only a void remained, the moans of pain echoed from hole in it’s head. The creature rose to its feet; it was tall, at least fifteen feet. Franziska noticed a chain tied around its hand. The cart by its side rose into the air, the ent wielded it like a flail, grasping the chain and letting the caravan dangle from the floor.

Her eyes widened in horror, this was the terror harassing the valley. It had to be. Something had given this life, forged it with malevolent intent. And now it had the monster hunter in its sight. Fear overtook her, she felt like she was about to shit herself. With it’s free hand, the ent attacked Franziska, punching at the ground. Franziska struggled to counter, the pushing pains against her sphincter made her movements rigid. She narrowly avoided the ent’s follow-up attack as it swung the caravan like a flail. The large box of wood dug up the earth beneath it and sent it into the air, showering her with earth.

The creature attacked relentlessly, with the speed and fury of a storm. Franziska struggled to keep up as it attacked five times. She kept count. Each attack would be followed up with a stronger, slower swing of the caravan the ent wielded. The ent struck out near her, missing Franziska but the force of the blow knocked her back, staggering her. It was then, she felt a twitch of her anus; her body grew weak from fighting and she couldn’t keep her sphincter clenched any longer. Something moist and warm began pouring out between her cheeks and spilling into her knickers. The ent attacked, moaning angrily as it swung the cart around.

As she voided her bowels, Franziska couldn’t ignore the ent. A long brown snake was unfurling in her knickers, and she was powerless to stop it, all of her attention and focus was on fighting the Ent. All Franziska could do was let it happen, let her bowels empty, her knickers filling with her mess. Fear and fatigue had gotten the best of her, turning her bowels soft. There was no time to worry about it now, no monster hunter worth their grain let such a trivial incident interfere with their fight.

She had no choice but to fight with her knickers full of shit, moist and warm the feeling of her mess pushed against her backside as she rose back to her feet. It was uncomfortable, the weight of her greaves pestered her, distracted her as she tried to put all her focus into watching the ents movement. Angrily, it growled and swung the caravan carelessly with all its strength. The large wooden box smacked against a tree and shattered into a mass of splintered wood and planks, a few narrowly missing Franziska and scattering around the area.

The Ent groaned, angry that it’s weapon had been destroyed. It still held the chain, a single splintered plank dangling from it and began flailing it wildly in a rampage. It didn’t seem to care if it struck anything, flailing around the chain in every direction, a series of short frustrated grunts accompanied the wild rattling of the chain. It swung for Franziska, crashing down atop her; she barely had time to cast her blood barrier upon herself, a red shield engulfed her body, shattering instantly as the chain struck it. The barrier took the brunt of the swing, enough to keep Franziska moving on her feet. With every movement She made she felt the mess pressing against her backside, soft and wet, it was like clay shifting and reforming with every step.

All she could do was dodge the flailing chain. Any attempt to get near the creature was met with a furious groan and an angry swing of it’s fist. She avoided several angry swipes of the chain, keeping a calm composure and circling the creature, waiting for an opportunity. But it never presented itself. Franziska knew if she wanted to attack, she’d have to create the opportunity herself. She remembered she had just the tools for the task. The bombs! Quickly, while the ent was recovering from it’s attack, Franziska reached into her rucksack and pulled out one of the silver bombs. It needed to be perfect, if the explosion could strike the crystal heart, she’d be able to stagger it. From there, it would be simple if done right, she’d be able yank the crystal from the ent’s chest.

It’s chain came down with fierce strength, striking the ground and tearing the earth where it impacted. Franziska managed to roll aside, rolling away from the second attack as it flailed the chain across the ground in an attempt to catch her. She grimaced as her mess was squished up against her rear, a soft clay like mass pressing against her, warm and moist. The ent raised the chain upwards, fortune favoured Franziska as it wrapped the chain around the trunk of a tree. The ent moaned with frustration and began pulling at the tree, trying to rive the chain that had twisted around it.

That was the chance. Franziska grabbed her flint lighter and lit the fuse. The bomb began hissing as the fuse quickly ran down. She had limited time to do this, failure… or hesitance would spell her death. Precise, it needed to be precise. She rose to her feet, took aim towards the ent’s hollowed out face and threw the bomb. The explosion was ear-shattering, red sparks flew as a hundred shards of rogue silver split into the air, but she hit her target.

With a pained moan, the ent collapsed. The ground shook violently from the force of the creatures landing. Franziska kept her footing, almost refusing to fall down again. She readied a second bomb and sprinted toward the Ent. It continued to moan with pain. She jumped up onto the creatures chest and ran to where its heart would be. A glowing black crystal lay embedded in it’s upper chest. Franziska drove her shortsword into the crystal and sliced up, shattering the crystal in two. The ent began shaking violent as the crystal shattered, it’s pained moans haunted the air like screams of death.

It struggled to climb back to its feet, almost as if it had forgotten how. The Ent rose to its feet, only to collapse to the ground again, lifeless. The creature forged from a mighty tree, given life and purpose, was now nothing more than a . The battle was over… and the monster hunter had won.

Franziska dropped her sword, fatigued from the conflict, she squatted down, feeling the weight of her mess weighing her greaves down, and regained her strength. Her body felt light, the rush of combat subsiding made her feel dizzy. She steadied herself on her sword, panting heavily, beads of sweat running down her face. The air felt thicker, and the foul stench of her mess filled the air. It was not the first time she had shit herself in the heat of combat, it was something she had come to accept. But that didn’t mean she had to like it. She stood up and, frustrated with her accident, kicked at the ground.

With the ent defeated, Franziska stumbled back to her camp, threw down the Ent’s crystal heart, and proceeded to inspect the damage to her greaves; pulling her greaves down to her knees, Franziska frowned at the sight of her knickers now stained a miserable brown; full with shit. The log she had squeezed out had soiled her greaves as well as her bare backside. “Fuck…” She stripped off her greaves, feeling an unflattering breeze caress her muddy thighs.

She had no choice but to wash in the nearby river. Franziska stripped off to the nude and hopped down into the cold water. On such a cold night, Franziska did not enjoy splashing ice cold water against her. She could hardly feel her legs, and the numbness as she splashed water against her cunt made her teeth chatter/ She washed off the mess smushed against her backside and gave her body a quick wash with a rag and some soap, wiping away the sweat from her body. Once she was finished, she stumbled back to her camp wrapped in only a cloak and her boots. She sat down on the sheepskin, feeling the fur of her sheets against her bare backside. It felt nice. “So, an ent?” She held the crystal heart in her hands. “I wonder how I’ll explain this to the town…”

*007*2018-06-15 08:59

A small vote. The next part of the shorts is going to be Margo, but before starting it I'd like to leave something to a vote.

As well as pee desperation, is anybody interested in seeing fart desperation too? I know there are people who enjoy messing but I've been curious about this for a while, so I'd love to see peoples opinions on if they'd like to see it. If not, I can write the next short without it, but if there's interest for it I can keep the current plans.

*015*2018-06-24 10:19

{{8 hours ago, Poowrite said:

Both stories were outstanding.

I'd be fine with farting desperation. Looking forward to the next part.

}}

I'm glad you like them. In all honesty, these stories wouldn't be how they were if it wasn't for you. Your old interactive, Dawnswall is my biggest inspiration when it comes to writing messing.

*017*2018-08-08 03:16

Just a little bonus because I had made plans for this before starting the Eastern Isle prequel. Talia, the Vestals intro was going to start along these lines. This story also serves as a thank you. It's nice to know this series is enjoyed by people.

______

Talia’s quarters in the church was not any bigger than the room she shared with the other children when she first arrived on the steps of the Capital Church as an infant. A room just big enough to house one girl. This was her space, a small bedchamber overlooking the western city. A small piece of the world to call her own. Talia did not want for much, and it was reflected in the bare state of her quarters. A neatly kept bed with a few books stacked on a table beside it were the only things she kept, as well as a small selection of salvaged items that lined a shelf by her window. “Vagrant Charms” they were called; small meaningless items favoured by people in the lower bergs where she was born. Talia enjoyed them, though she was not superstitious, she liked to believe some good in her life came from them.

Talia Petrenko was a Vestal for the Capital Church, a girl of eighteen years. She was short, with long blonde hair fashioned in a graceful braid. She was a fitting face for a Vestal, young and pure; her nose was short, her smile everlasting and her skin light. The vagrancy of her youth did not shine through so easily, no scars, no crooked ears or anything ugly. To many, Talia had the looks of a lady, a lady who had always belonged within the church. Tonight was a special night for Talia, the night she would prove herself as a Vestal of the church. It was to be her first night doing the rounds of the afflicted clinics in the church district.

A rite of passage for any young Vestal. To tend to the afflicted was a service all Vestals must undertake. It was not a pleasant service for many, and the constant fear of attack from the afflicted gnawed at the back of Talia’s mind. But she would be accompanied by a Paladin, a warrior of the church who would see to it that she traveled safely through the Church District, and to ensure no harm would befall while tending to the afflicted. For the night, Talia’s life was in the hands of Paladin Gayle, a older, reputable paladin. And a warrior Talia trusted dearly.

“Ninth toll. Ninth toll. Ninth toll.” Talia kept repeating to herself, her quiet voice growing hoarse as she repeated it incessantly. She could be forgetful, clumsy at times if she did not remind herself. Paladin Gayle had instructed her to be in the courtyard for the ninth hour. Exactly. The paladin had been adamant about it, speaking in a manner that would not accept poor punctuality. So Talia did well to remind herself. She packed the essentials into her rucksack, moving with haste. A bag of sleeping powder, her spellbook, a Vestal’s idol and of course, her silver dagger, a small blade that gleamed in the lantern light. That was everything Vestal Margaret had told her would be needed.

That was her preparation tended to. Talia was ready, though her nerves told her otherwise. Her stomach felt heavy, and a need to relieve her bowels had been plaguing the young Vestals mind for several hours. But Talia had been caught up in preparation, making sure nothing would go wrong, making sure she had everything and that it was presentable. Visiting the lavatory had been the last thing on her mind… until now. Her stomach weighed on her, and deeper in her gut she could feel a hot heavy mass pressing down on her sphincter, yearning for release.

“I really have to…” The Vestal put a hand on her stomach, only now realizing how desperate she had grown. “But I mustn't be late.” There was no holding it, she had to go, and urgently. The bell had not yet rang, though when Talia had last checked it was not far off. "It'll be fine if I'm quick." She told herself, hoisting her rucksack over her shoulder and heading quickly for the lavatory.

The halls were always empty late at night. Many retired to their beds early while others would head out into the town for reasons Talia never understood. Some would never tell her if she asked, warning her that some things were not fit for a Vestal's ear. She had always hated that, she was seen as a young girl, never as a mature lady, so was the way of a church Vestal.

There was a certain tranquility to the dimly lit halls of the Capital Church, a feeling of peace and safety, the candles shone brightly along the stone walls, heavenly portraits gleamed from the stone, paintings of the gods and the heavens lining the walls, all beneath the darkened watch of the stained glass windows of the high ceilings above.

The thoughts of relieving herself had only served to hasten her bowels. The urges grew progressively worse with each step Talia took as she knew with each step relief grew closer. She had been holding it longer than she thought. She whimpered knowing the lavatories were so far from her quarters. Talia still worried somebody would see her, wondering why she was walking so strangely. Nobody noticed Though as she rushed stiffly toward the lavatory, her cheeks squeezed together as the weight in her bowels pushed down against her anus. It was like a turtle rearing it's head from beneath it's shell, trying to peek out.

“Talia!” A unexpected voice called out as she hurried across the great hall.

A boy with long brown hair and dark green eyes, with strong youthful features, all wrapped up in a long black cloak with a rapier hanging by his side. Lukaszic, one of the Selkava apprentices who had appeared at the church a few weeks ago. He was a handsome boy, and one Talia fell head over heels for. Though only a friend, he was a boy who made Talia's heart burn... as well as her maidenhood. Impure thoughts plagued her mind as she stared at the young man. “Ah, Lukaszic.” Talia stopped dead in her tracks. Not even the desperate cramping of her bowels could stop her from speaking to the boy who made her heart flutter. She stood, sphincter clenched to keep in the log she desperately needed to release. “I-Is something the m-matter?” She couldn’t focus, even speaking felt like a monumental task. She stood, rocking gently to distract herself from the pains.

The young man smiled. “Somebody told me earlier that tonight will be your first night tending to the sick.” He leant in to give the Vestal a tender kiss on the cheek. "For good luck." He smiled.

In that moment of weakness, Talia was almost swept off her feet, she relaxed, overwhelmed with delight from the young man’s kiss. In that moment of weakness, something soft reared its head from between her cheeks once more, further this time. It was then Talia realized she couldn’t stay for idle conversation, no matter how much she wished she could. Embarrassed, Talia's eyes widened as she was forced to pucker up, denying her waste from escaping into her robes. The urges grew worse, the weight of her bowels continued to resist her holding, pushing against her puckered anus with fierce resistance, unable to be denied much longer. It was like a punishment for defying her urges. If she loosened up, Talia feared she’d void her bowels right there in her robes. “Ha! Thank you, I-I… must be going!”

Before Lukaszic could reply, Talia was already off, her stiff walk escalating into a desperate sprint. “I’ll catch you later tonight!” She called to the boy as she vanished.

The lavatory was in the south wing. Communal, something Talia didn’t enjoy. She couldn’t relax at the idea somebody could be in the stall beside her, able to hear all the noises as she did her business. Because of that she favoured visiting the lavatory in the dead of night, when she could void her bowels in peace. Thankfully, the lavatory was empty. A small chamber with three stalls and a small wash basin welcomed her, as did the pleasant smell of lavender.

Quickly, Talia ran into the nearest stall, slamming the door shut behind her. The stall was just wide enough to accommodate a single person. Fixed to the back of the wall was the small marble lavatory, a small cistern hanging overhead. Urgency ran through Talia as she stared down at the bowl, her anus quivering as relief was just a second away. She threw her medicine bag down by her side and began frantically undoing her robes.

“Uuu… I need to hold it.” Twisting and struggling to pull up her robes, Talia could feel herself growing closer to an accident. Two layers of robes, and reaching to undo her knickers was near impossible as she shook feverishly. She needed to calm herself, but the cramping in her stomach, as well as the wet feeling of her waste attempting to push itself from between her cheeks made it difficult. “P-Please…” She pleaded with her body, feeling the brown turtles head poking out dangerously close to the cloth of her knickers.

Just barely, Talia hooked her thumbs around her knickers and yanked them down, kicking her legs until they were around her knees. She hiked up her skirt and plopped herself down on the lavatory. The seat was cold, but she didn’t care. Talia breathed a sigh of relief as she expelled; a long moist snake began squirming from her backside as she strained, her anus widening as she pushed it out quickly. “Haa…” She sighed softly, her stomach feeling lighter as she continued to push out the large log of her waste. It was warm as it slid out between her cheeks, filling the air with a soft crackling as it kept pouring. A pleasurable shiver ran up her spine as a sizeable chunk of the log broke off, splashing into the water. Talia bit her lip, feeling her cheeks burn as the sound of her waste hitting the water echoed around the room.

“Haaa~” Talia exhaled again. She lifted her arms, allowing her long vestal robes to rest by her sides. She strained, forcing out the last of the log. She felt a brief pain, as a second, smaller log spilled out, followed by a squeak that escaped her backside as she broke wind. Her eyes widened, she wasn’t expecting to break wind, or for it to be so loud. The vestal covered her mouth, shielding a whimper.

Although the worst was over, Talia leant forward, crossing her arms as she was still relieving her bladder. A warm flow streamed from between her legs, tinkling into the lavatory. Talia leant back, smiling as the cramps subsided. She had needed this, to lighten the load in her belly. She sat, relieved at last. The last of her water trickled from between her legs. Though she still felt uneasy. It had grown dangerously close to the ninth hour while she was preparing. She would’ve forsaken relieving herself if she thought she could hold it. But time was growing short, it could not be much longer until the bells rang out around Velgorod. “Uuu… This wasn’t meant to take too long, I’m going to be late…” She whimpered, reaching for the paper.

Just as she spoke, fate had decided to toy with the young Vestal. The bells tolled out around Velgorod, a loud thunderous metallic ringing that signaled the ninth hour of the night. Talia did not feel so relaxed all of a sudden. She leant forward, the smile on her face quickly becoming worry. “Gah! I was to be outside now!” She yelled in panic. The ninth hour and here she was, knickers around her ankles on the lavatory.

There was no time to waste, quickly Talia tore off a few sheets of paper, wiped the mess from her backside, struggled to pull her knickers back up, and rushed out to meet with Paladin Gayle. She could only hope the Paladin would be forgiving.

Outside, a hazel haired girl, clad in the white armour of the Paladins stood clutching her mace. Paladin Gayle. Talia ran up to her quickly, not wanting to waste any more of her time. The paladin turned, hearing the timid footsteps of the young Vestal. “You’re late, Talia.” Paladin Gayle looked furious, her brow furrowed and the grip on her mace was stronger than a moment ago. “I did say to be here for the ninth toll. Exactly. Where have you been?”

Talia clutched her bag tightly, finding some comfort as she feared scorn. She could not proclaim so easily that she had been voiding her bowels, or that she had been so caught up in the relief that time escaped her. Vestals were pure, innocent, they did not divulge such vulgar activities. Talia could feel her cheeks burning red just thinking about it. “I w-was just checking I had everything before leaving.” She responded, holding out her rucksack in a thinly-veiled attempt to show proof.

Paladin Gayle did not look convinced, shaking her head and letting out a frustrated sigh. “Very well. We will discuss this later. Do you have everything you need?”

Talia nodded, knowing that she had packed everything Sister Margaret had told her was necessary for the rounds of the clinics. She threw her rucksack over her shoulders and properly adjusted her belt. “We are heading out to the Sanguine Clinic, right?”

*023*2018-08-23 02:04

I would like to leave this to a vote before I start working on it. Kozmofox has been kind enough to let me use her character, Nymeria, the brash and extremely violent paladin. However the short I have planned might be a bit Vile/OTT/Extreme. The story basically centers around a very desperate Nymeria recovering from the conflict out on the bridge while Franziska and the others fought the hellhound and its rider inside. The over the top part features Nymeria relieving herself among the corpses of the fallen demons as a kind of fuck you to Hell. There will be some group desperation and some focus away from Nymeria, but the main concern of mine is people being grossed out by the idea of a character pissing on demon corpses. So I'd like to gauge if people would like to see this story.

