Last Daughter of Krypton - Page 2

Author: Nimbus

*025*2012-07-03 03:57

%http://ts2.mm.bing.net/images/thumbnail.aspx?q=4568342594781557&id=bf5ea828a84c09eabe3a7b10cd582be4

Here I found the perfect girl for Kara!!! She's one of the TWINS from Suite Life of Zack and Cody... hint hint. 

*027*2012-07-04 21:25

{{: 

Great story!!

And awesome! Now I can visualize Kara!

}}

Thanks:)

*028*2012-07-07 06:08

I hope you don't mind a ton of super hero and heroine cameos, I intend to add more to the Smallville High cast soon and add a co-star to the story.

Kara found Martha sitting on a la-z-boy in the den petting a tiny orange furred kitten that had a lighter patch of fur that seemed to resemble a lightning boy. "When did we get a kitten?"

"Clark found it today while he was searching for your ship."

"Oh... well it's cute. What's its name?"

"Her name is Streaky." Martha smiled as she petted the cat tenderly.

"I like it." Kara grinned. "Anyway Ma, can I go to the Talon with some friends?"

"If you can remember to check in this time." Martha teased.

"Sure will. Thanks!" Kara gushed as she dashed out to find Linda leaning against a white 1997 Mustang.

"Like it? It's not as pretty as olde models, but it's still pretty nice."

"It's great." Kara smiled.

"Get in." Linda smiled as she slipped into the driver's seat and Kara took the passenger seat.

"So you have your license?"

"Yeah I started school late." Linda explained. "But that doesn't warrant you an excuse for not talking about Zach."

"What's to say? He's cute." Kara said bluntly. "I don't really know anything about him."

"Let's change that." Linda grinned as she kept her eyes on the road.

"So are you an Jimmy a...?" Kara fumbled over words.

"No." Linda grinned. "I'm dating a football player named Billy Batson.... Though Jimmy seems interested in you."

"I've noticed. It's kinda cute, but I... I dunno, sympathize for him."

"He's really sweet. I'm sure he will find a great girl sometime soon." Linda said with genuine certainty.

"I hope." Kara gave a weak smile as they drove down the dirt road towards town.

"So what was your home life in.... where are you from?"

Kara panicked. She had hoped that somehow this question would have been easily evaded. "Metropolis." She blurted out falling back on Clark's current home town.

"What's it like growing up there?"

"Hectic I guess."

"Well what was it like growing up in your home?"

"Rough. My mom and I had a bad relationship and my father had such high expectations for me, I felt like I was suppose to carry the world on my shoulders."

"That's no fun." Linda frowned.

"It could be worse." Kara said reasonably. "How was your home life like?"

"Pretty good. My sister took care of me mostly but my parents gave me mostly anything I wanted." Linda said simply as the pulled up at the Talon. The two friends emerged from the car and entered the coffee shop and found Jimmy, Zach and another dark haired teen at a booth. Kara guessed the stranger was Billy and sat next to Zach who had Jimmy in the innermost part of their side of the table, while Linda sat next to her muscular boyfriend.

The group talked idly amongst themselves when Kara faintly heard the words "help" echo in her ears.

"Did you hear that?" Kara asked her friends.

"Hear what?" Jimmy asked, the others had equally confused expressions amongst them.

"Never mind I'm going to the bathroom real quick." Kara excused herself and dashed off to the restrooms quickly and snuck out the windows. She slipped out her nose ring and placed it in her pendant before super-speeding up to the attic of the farm house. She stripped out of her street clothes and pulled on her supergirl outfit before focusing her ears. She faintly heard another cry for help and dashed out towards the basic location the call came from.

She found herself running in several different directions before she found the source of the cries. A smashed up pick of truck had two teenagers, a girl and a boy trapped in the door. Looming in front of them was a hulking teenage with a torn black shirt and tattered jeans. To say he was on steroids would have been an understatement. Kara hesitated before calling to him

"Hey! ... Leave them alone." Kara muttered lamely. The blonde haired kid turned around revealing his glowing green eyes and veins, his teeth was in a grimace as he practically growled.

"Get out of her dollface."

"And I thought I was lame." Kara said sarcastically taking a few steps forward. "I'm not going to ask you again." She narrowed her eyes.

"What are you gonna do? give me a manicure?"

"See this symbol on my chest? It's not just me being a fan. Three seconds to revise your statement."

"Get lost super dork." He growled before slamming his fist into the hood of the truck, leaving a giant dent and jostling the passengers. Kara frowned as she noticed how badly her stomach was cramping and the terrible burning sensation in her urethra. She sighed and charged forward ignoring the pain as she moved at the speed of sound and slammed her fist into the kid's chest, sending him crashing twenty yards away. She charged after the kid, not expecting the punch in the gut that sent her flying even further.

Kara gasped as she attempted to push herself to her feet as she glanced up just in time to find another fist connecting with her jaw. She soared through the air and into a tree. As she slid down the trunk her butt began to burn as well as her urethra. She rose to her feet as the hulking kid came forward with another attack. Utilizing super speed and strength Kara got in a punch first and sent him flying. She became a blur as she got in two more punches before he punched back. She still shot through the air, but the punch was significantly weaker than his earlier strikes. The boy managed another hit and Kara fell onto her butt as hot pee shot into her blue shorts, soaking the butt as a puddle began to form. The shock of the slam managed to caused Kara to defecate slightly as well. However the blond glanced at her for a few minutes before lumbering away with a mixture of giant leaps and long strides.

Kara considered chasing after him but with the mixture of the feces threatening to slip past her butt cheeks and the injured teenagers, Kara rushed to the truck, tearing off the door and pulling both kids over her shoulders. She rushed to the hospital as more scat began to fill her boyshorts and hotpants. She ignored it as urine even began to stream down her legs. She entered the emergency room and set both kids on the seats as a nurse noticed her. Kara paused for a second, intending to speak, when she passed gas loudly and her shorts instantly became filled with warm, vile feces causing the butt of her hotpants to turn brown as her crotch darkened as the rest of her urine spilled to the ground below her.

She was gone in a second and another second later she tore her shorts off her as well as her underwear and begrudgingly tossed them into a trash can as she ran at the speed of sound towards her house. She washed scat from her butt in the shower as her face turned scarlet and the sludge darkened the water and flowed down the drain till she was entirely clean. She then proceeded to pull on a change of panties, pulling on red lace panties before slipping on her street clothes. She was about to dash out the door when Clark appeared in her way.

"What are you doing here?"

"Just used the bathroom."

"The talon doesn't have a bathroom?"

Kara blushed and stared at her pink converse shoes.

"So what's the house of el shirt on your bed for?"

"Nothing Clark." Kara dashed out the door and crawled back through the window, replacing her nose ring and her disguise before she rejoined her friends.

*029*2012-07-10 00:23

I thought I would warn you now, there will be times when I intentionally mess up mythos and change them, so whenever the time comes for that I will post: "Original Mytho" atop the chapter before the chapter begins. Just a fair warning, will post as soon as I can.

*031*2012-07-11 22:32

{{: 

I think it would be really sexy if she was forced to wear diapers or pull ups because of her condition. Most ESPECIALLY because she did it at school. I would also suggest longer scenes of her loosing control and them happening more often.

Still it is pretty good and I hope to see more soon!

}}

I am considering a diaper scene but I'm not entirely sure how many of those there will be, thanks for the feedback:)

*032*2012-07-12 07:50

I hope you enjoy this post, which includes Original Mytho number one. :)

Monday morning Kara slipped into the art room just before the bell rang and took her seat. She was dressed in a denim mini skirt that reached her mid thigh and a red midriff jacket and light blue midriff t-shirt. She smiled at Linda who was dressed in her cheer midriff and black tights, red flats and her hair done up in a bob with her cheer bow holding it in place. Jimmy was dressed in black tennis shoes, blue jeans, a black t-shirt and had a newspaper in his grip.

"Check Saturday's paper out!" Jimmy exclaimed. He tossed the paper between the two girls. The paper was entitled "Smallville Torch". Jimmy placed his finger over an article written by himself, called: "Small town vigilante or super bully?". The article had a blurry picture from the hospital with Kara in her supergirl alias handing over the two teens she had saved the previous Friday. "Last Friday a teenage girl donning the familiar symbol of superman on her skimpy outfit had been reported dropping off two teenagers to the E.R." Linda began to read softly. "The orderly who received the teenagers from the super powered heroine before she soiled herself and escaped in a blur. When questioned the teens only remembered an violent attack from an inhumanly strong figure they didn't get a direct look at before they became disoriented. All signs point to the maiden of might, although it is unclear as to why she delivered the injured bodies of the kids. Perhaps she felt remorse?"

"You really think she is a villain?" Kara asked straining to keep her anger under control.

"Who else could have destroyed the truck the kids were driving in?"

"I dunno a.... super villain who isn't a teenage girl."

"Relax, you don't have to defend another girl with a superman crush." Linda smirked.

"Whatever." Kara growled as she continued her art project. Kara became conscious of the odd tingling sensation in her urethra as the class progressed. She ignored it like she had for the past week or so and continued on with her day till math came around. She noticed a new kid had joined her class, he was tall with dark hair, fair skin and blue eyes like Clark. He was dressed in designer clothes, a black jacket, an indigo t-shirt, jeans and expensive running shoes. He took the seat behind Kara.

"Hey, I'm Conner Luthor." He introduced himself. I hate the name-.- but I don't want him a member of the Kent family. He has Clark's kryptonian blood in him, but he won't be considered related to Clark since he is mostly a clone of Lex Luthor. In case you haven't figured it out, he is super boy.

"Kara." She shook his outstretched hand. "where are you from?"

"Metropolis actually, My dad sent me here to... uh learn morals or something. I've got my own apartment and a care taker."

"Wow! That's really cool." Kara grinned. "So you just get here today?"

"Yesterday." He said as the class began and Kara began to quickly knock out the problems in her books and take notes.

As class ended Conner caught Kara as she was heading out of the class. "Hey, where are you heading?" He asked her with a slightly flustered tone.

"Lunch, what about you?"

"Same... mind if I walk with you?"

"Sure." Kara grinned as she lead him to the cafeteria, still ignoring the now, burning sensation in her urethra. "So how you liking smallville?" She asked just as lamely as when her friends asked it.

"It's ok. I'm kinda interested in meeting that mighty Maiden." Connor smiled.

Kara smirked. "The villain?"

"That's the one."

"You aren't afraid of her?"

"I can handle myself." Connor grinned.

"I doubt it." Kara smiled as she led him to the table where she quickly introduced Connor to her friends before she and Zach went to a more private place. They found themselves between the side of a vending machine and a soda machine that no one seemed to utilize. Connor had his back to the school grounds and Kara had her own back to the cafeteria wall. Connor caressed Kara's hair as she gazed dreamily into Zach's eyes. Their minty breath mingled in the small space between their lips.

"You look beautiful." Zach muttered.

"You look... handsome." Kara whispered just as their lips met and they began to kiss. As his tongue darted into her mouth she felt a rush of euphoria rush through her body, if it wasn't for the nose stud she probably would have lifted into flight. Then the loud hiss filled the air as her blue panties became saturated with urine. Golden rivulets of hot pee raced down her legs towards the ground. A stream of urine splattered to the ground between her feet as a puddle of urine formed beneath the bottom of her shoes and spread around her. Meanwhile Zach leaped back startled. "Kara... you are... wetting yourself!" He exclaimed drawing the attention of all the students outside the cafeteria.

The large crowed watched in a mixture of disgust, sympathy and humor as pee rolled down her legs and began to overfill her shoes. The urine soaked her socks from white to a yellow tinge as Kara could only stand in mortification as she wet herself. Kara's face turned bright red as her ears burned and the flow slowed to a dribble before stopping completely, leaving her legs glistening with warm wetness and the large puddle beneath her. She stared out at the crowd first, then Zach.

"I'm so sorry..."

"It's fine. I... let's get you to the nurse." Zach muttered flustered as he grabbed Kara's hand softly and led her to the nurse with her shoe's making squelching noises as the walked, before making a quick apology about having to hurry to class.

"Thanks." She muttered softly as he dashed off and she pushed her way into the nurse's office to find a different nurse working the office. This one rather elderly and chubby with wild grey hair.

"Hello young lady. I'm nurse goodness is there anything I can help you with?"

"I... uhm wet my panties."

"Has this happened before at school?"

"Uh.... yes, last week...." Kara blushed.

"Tsk, tsk. How old are you?"

"Fifteen." Kara muttered.

"You are too old to be wetting yourself. Unfortunately it looks like I'm going to have to put you in diapers."

"What? No!" Kara cried out in protest. "I don't need a diaper!"

"Well if you already had to accidents within the span of eight days, then I think you do."

"Please!"

"If you can go the rest of the week dry, you won't have to wear diapers. But until you meet that goal you will be dressed in diapers, each morning come to my office to receive one."

"But!"

"But nothing. Now go get dressed." She handed her a teen diaper. Kara blushed but took it and stepped in the bathroom, slipped off her panties and pulled on the diaper, gladly it was barely noticeable from behind the skirt, though it made her look slightly bow legged. She blushed and emerged from the bathroom with her wet panty in her grasp as she dropped it in a plastic bag in the Nurse's hands. "Good now head off to class."

Kara nodded as she trudged to study hall where she suffered through the hour, hoping no one would look beneath her desk, because they would see the diaper from leg hole in the skirt that she revealed the bottom of her diaper. She frowned but managed with a minimal amount of embarrassment. Soon she was in biology, the only one in the class at the tables with out a partner, however, much to her surprise Connor entered the class.

"Mr. Luthor I presume? You may take your seat next to Miss Kent. She is at the table at the far left." Te bio teacher spoke quickly.

"We meet again." Connor grinned.

"So it seems." Kara smirked.

"I heard you wet yourself...." He trailed off.

"Yupp... kinda common for me..."

"That's ok, incontinence isn't that big of a deal."

"Thanks." Kara blushed brightly.

"I'm sorry if I'm coming off weird. I just feel kinda bad for you, ya know?"

"Not really." Kara grinned.

"I'm sorry." He muttered softly as he turned away and began to quickly jot down the notes on the white board. Kara followed his lead as school came to a close and she dashed to her house to find Martha on the front porch.

"I heard you are in diapers as of today." Martha muttered solemnly.

"Yeah, can't wait to get out of them."

"I don't think so, it might be best if you wear them even at home."

"what?" Kara was outraged. "That's not fair!"

"Oh really? I think that people who can't control their bladders and act like babies deserve to be in diapers."

"I'm not acting like a baby! I'm acting like any teenager girl would who is forced to wear a diaper."

"I'm sorry, but since you insist on holding your bladder till you can no longer hold it and wet yourself, then you need to be in diapers."

"I wasn't holding it! I didn't even need to use the bathroom... it just happened."

"Even more reason you should be in a diaper" Martha said trying to calm down.

"Whatever!" Kara took off, her back pack still over her shoulder. He ran towards main street and stopped as she came across a suburban neighborhood that had one of the apartment's aflame.

"MY baby! He's still in there!" A woman cried off to the side.

"Ma'am... we are sorry. We can't get to the top floor..."

"Maybe you can't... but I can." Kara narrowed her brow.

"She dashed out of side and pulled out her super girl get-up from her back pack and slipped out her nose stud. In a whirlwind of super speed she quickly donned the white bralette, red cape and a blue mini-skirt she had sewn the previous day. She took a look at her shoes before slipping the damp shoes and socks into her back-pack. She sped into the apartment building before any one could even notice her. She ran up the stairs till the was two floors below the top floor where the kid was presumably trapped. The stairs leading up to there however was burned away. Kara took a breath and leaped to the top floor in a single bound.

She surveyed the burning hallway, hoping to find some hint of the kid. Ok Kara. Focus, on some sound... focus for a cry of help. Clairaudience kick in any time now... focus. Then she heard it. Coughing from down the hall in the door on the left. She rushed to the room and found the kid cowering on the bed as flames and debris overtook the room. Kara tore of her cape and used the fireproof material to cover the seven year old child before she tried to escape the building. She leaped down the stairs but her skirt got caught on a burning banister. There was a loud rip as the skirt tore from her body and she plummeted to the bottom floor. She turned over and landed on her back.

"Not again!" She exclaimed about the lack of bottom clothing. The the pain shot up her body as she stood up, slight burns on her body, the bralette smoldering as spots of it had been burned off. Her groin only covered by a diaper. She cringed as she held the child in her arms. "guess I'm not invincible." Kara muttered.

"No, but close." A figure in the shadows muttered before he utilized super speed to blur past Kara, snatching the child from her with one hand and punching her in the lower abdomen with the other. "Thanks for making recon so easy." He emerged outside of the building with the child while Kara was doubled over as a small amount of urine seeped into her new diaper. She grit her teeth and super sped back to her back pack and tore of the burned bralette and threw it aside before pulling on her street clothes and slipping in her nose stud before heading back to her house, slightly hunched over.

"I've been thinking and I guess you don't have to wear diapers. Take off your diaper and just toss it in the trash." Martha smiled softly.

Kara blushed and nodded, her head down.

"what's wrong?"

"I... wet my diaper..."

Martha sighed. "Nevermind, diapers it is."

Kara nodded and headed up to her room in sorrow. "That's fine." She muttered crestfallen.

*033*2012-07-22 07:16

Kara was in diapers by the time first period began the next day. However that day she wore dark skinny jeans that mostly hid the diaper's existance, albeit the slight curves it added to her waist and the waist band that sometimes stuck out. She also wore a tight fitting maroon shirt and as always her hot pink converse shoes. She was carefully painting in the colors of her now finished flaming lion when Jimmy commented on her predicament.

"Hey Kara... Are you wearing a diaper?" He whispered so that just Kara and Linda could hear.

"How... how'd you know?" She asked a little offput.

"You can see the waistband from the back when you sit down." He muttered.

"What were you doing looking at her waist area?" Linda asked with a smirk.

"I uh.... well you see.... I'm a journalist and photographer... it's my job to analyze everything so that... well yeah...."

"You are only succeeding in looking more and more like a pervert." Linda chuckled. Meanwhile Kara was busy trying to adjust her shirt and jeans so it hid the diaper.

"It's fine Jimmy." She assured him as she finaly hid the waistband beneath her clothing. "But let's see how good of a analyzer you really are. Close your eyes." He obliged. "Let's start off easy. What are you wearing?"

"Easy flannel shirt, black t-shirt, jeans."

"Good. Now what am I wearing?" Linda asked.

"white t-shirt, black vest thing and a black mini skirt."

"Good. What about the cheer captain over there?"

"Skimpy violet midriff shirt, micro mini-skirt and high heels." He said with a grin.

"What's the art teacher wearing?" Linda asked.

"... I... I dunno."

"Typical, spent all your time 'analyzing' girls."

"Big deal." He replied but remained silent the rest of class. He still kept to himself as they made their way to english.

"What's the matter Jimmy?"

"Nothing." He said speeding his pace, putting distance between the two.

"Not so fast." She caught him by the arm.

"What?" He asked a little angrily.

"You are going to tell me what's wrong?" Kara placed her hands on her hips.

"I like you ok!" He admiited.

"I know. SO why are you so angry about that?"

"Because I can't have you."

"... Jimmy... why do you want me?"

"You're amazingly beautiful."

"This isn't even the real me." Kara admitted before she could stop herself. Luckily Jimmy didn't catch on to what she meant.

"Big deal if you wear alot of make-up. Beauty comes from the heart not the skin."

"You barley know me... how can you tell what I'm like." Kara herself hated admitting that fact, but she needed Jimmy to move on. It wouldn't be fair.

"uh..." Jimmy realized he had talked himself into a wall.

"Look Jimmy... I'm sorry. Let's just be friends."

"O...k." He sighed and they awkwardly made their way to English class.

"...He's really down about it." Kara stripped from her shirt as she filled Linda in about her and Jimmy's conversation.

"Don't feel bad. He use to have a crush on me too. He moves on quick though." Linda said as she stood in her green bra and panties. She bent over to retrieve her gym clothing from a lower locker before clothing herself in a grey tank top and grey soffee.

"I hope so.. I feel kinda guilty."

"You have no reason to."

"I guess." Kara muttered as she pulled on a white t-shirt and then took her shorts to the stall.

"Where are you going?" Linda inquired.

"I don't want anyone else to know about my diaper." Kara whispered.

"Oh... good idea." Linda muttered.

"Yeah." Kara shut the stall door behind herself and struggled to get her skinny jeans off, the proceeded to pull up her red soffee before dashing out and putting her stuff away.

"Hope we're not late."

"Let's hurry then." Linda ushered Kara too the track.

They found themselves jogging the track the whole hour for their tardiness while the rest of the group went off to the nearby softball field.

"At least we get time to ourselves." Linda said optimistically.

"Good point." Kara said less enthusiastic.

"So how come I haven't seen your sister around school?" Linda asked.

"Uhm... she goes to a private school."

"Oh why didn't you go?"

"Didn't feel like it I guess."

"Sounds reasonable."

Kara managed through the rest of school without soiling her diaper, much to her pleasure, though she still had to wear it at home.

"Hey Kara... I'm heading back to my apartment at metropolis now... I have something to show you first." Clark said, dressed in his superman suit.

"You're leaving?" Kara ignored his second statement.

"Unfortunately. But hop on my back, I want to show you something." Kara obliged and hopped on Clark's back, piggy back style. As soon as Kara had a firm grip Clark shot off into the sky. This trip took much longer than usual, still it was short and they made great time as the moved much faster than the speed of sound. Kara watched below, still amazed at how beautiful the world looked from above. As the hour passed Kara found the two left the border of North America and were traveling north, above the Artic ocean.

"Where are we heading?"

"You'll see." Clark replied. A long while later they were somewhere in the North Pole approaching a large construction that seemed to be made of a series of giant diamon shafts. "Welcome to my Fortress of Solitude." He said as they entered through a chrystal doorway into the vast fortress.

"It's much warmer in here." Kara sighed contently. "And... beautiful."

"Indeed. But here's the most interesting thing." Clark pulled off a cheap tarp to reveal the metallic pod Kara had arrived in.

"My ship?"

"Jor-el tells me there is something inside there for you. Unfortunately he isn't sure what, we don't have a key and my x-ray vision has no effect on the ship."

"The key?"

"It's a octagonal disk, with kryptonian lettering on it."

"I've seen that somewhere..." Kara tried to recall where.

"Hopefully you will find it soon." Clark replied. "Unfortunately you won't be able to get here without me until you learn to fly... don't expect to be able to do that very quickly though. Flying took the longest of my powers to learn."

"Darn!" Kara muttered unhappily.

"Let's get you back to Ma's house then."

"Sure." Kara said reluctantly.

*035*2012-07-22 19:20

{{: 

Hmm I liked it!

Keep it up!

}}

Thanks I will:)

*039*2012-07-24 07:17

{{: 

I loved this story until diapers came into the picture :(

I loved this story until diapers came into the picture :(

}}

{{: 

Yeah, not really a diaper fan myself.

}}

Don't worry the diaper's will only last one more chapter, I'm not a diaper fan either.

*041*2012-07-30 23:20

{{: 

:C I love diapers but I can do without them lol

Great story though, I love it :p

}}

I'm glad you likes It:) my previous idea was scrapped though, so there will actually be three more chapters with diapers.

*043*2012-08-01 03:37

{{: 

Yay *happy face*

}}

Glad you like the Idea:)

*044*2012-08-14 02:44

It's been a long time since I've made an update to this, but here you go. Several weeks have passed, making it one week before winter break.:)

Kara yawned loudly as she slipped from her bed. Dressed in only a diaper she began to gather clothing before covering her chest with the bundle of clothing and making a dash for the shower. She was a blur as she slid to a halt in the bathroom, almost slipping. She caught a hold of the sink and laid out her clothes on the lid of the hamper. She quickly tossed away a surprisingly dry diaper as she slipped into the shower. She quickly started the water and began to wash her body and hair with cream scented toiletries.

It wasn't till Kara stepped out of the shower that she remembered Martha would be gone for the week and she had the house to herself. A grin formed on her lips as an idea began to form in her mind. She crept from the bathroom, dripping wet and entirely naked and made her way to the front door. She slid the door open feeling naughty as she instantly moved in a blur, quickly racing through-out her yard to air dry. Kara's eyes lit up, she hadn't noticed the rush of running nude the first night she came to earth but now she quickly began to appreciate it. However after a while of being dry, she reluctantly returned to the bathroom.

She slipped on a pair of light blue panties and matching bras, dark blue, almost black, skinny jeans (which she discovered would still conceal diapers, so long as the jeans weren't thin or skin-tight) a red form fitting tube top, mint green no show socks and her signature pink converses. She then made herself a quick breakfast of microwave waffles, and then grabbed her backpack. She almost forgot to slip in her nose ring before slipping out the door. She smirked as she slipped in the nose ring and switched to her alias.

She took off in a run to try and intercept her bus, but by the time she made it to the poorly paved road, the bus was lumbering towards the school. "Of course." Kara sighed as she slumped against her wooden fence. She ran her finger over her nose ring as she considered super-speeding to school. It was risky as each of her attempts to save someone would end up written as a crime by her own bestfriend. She finally pulled out the stud and took off in a speedy run. She was little more than a blur as she raced to the school, beating the majority of the buses to their destination. She ducked out of sight and replaced her nose ring and secret identity. She made her way to the nurse's office, awkwardly skirting away from her friends so they didn't notice her.

She jogged to the nurse office, making sure to avoid any other people she may know as she finally entered the nurses office to find miss Good awaiting her in the desk chair.

"Hello miss Kent. Here's your diaper, I don't have time to supervise you so don't hurt yourself changing." She muttered sarcastically as she left the office and Kara picked up her diaper. She blushed as she made her way into the bathroom and quickly slipped off her panties and transferred them for the diaper. Her face was crimson still as she began to leave the office when her eye caught something silvery. She backtracked to notice an odd octagonal metal coaster. Her eyes scanned the kryptonian symbols to read: "Kara Zor-el, last daughter of Krytpon" Her heart leaped. She glanced around the office. certain there would be nothing to rat her out, she swiped the key to her ship and dashed to her first class.

Hours later she was at the fortress of solitude with Clark. She carefully made her way to the ship and put it in place, the ship opened once more to reveal a red crystal. She frowned disappointed. "What is that?"

"Your inheritance." Clark whispered.

"How much would it be worth in U.S. dollars?" Kara asked gingerly picking it up. It was long and slender, incredibly beautiful, flawless and iridescent. Still Kara was disappointed by the material object.

Before Clark could answer her, Jor-el's booming voice spoke from seemingly no where. "Kara, place the crystal on the pedestal." A bright light revealed the white diamond pedestal he was referring to.

She reluctantly placed it on the designated location. As she withdrew her hand the diamond pedestal became a pillar, encasing the red crystal. The pillar lit up with a brilliant red light. A new voice spoke loudly, as the world seemed to grow dark and the only thing that Kara could see was herself and the pillar as they seemed to float through a void of nothingness.

"Kara, my dearest daughter, I fear I can not save Krypton or myself. My brother was right, I should have listened... you were the only citizen of krypton I could save. I... you are Krypton's last survivor. I expect you to be Earth's savior, being the only planet that resembles kryptonians I am sending you there to bring hope to the earthlings. On the planet you will be god like... and utterly alone. Jor-el has failed his attempt to preserve our race. I should have listened. Perhaps together we could have prevented the disaster that is befalling Krypton. Kara, I love you."

Kara was back at the fortress, her eyes brimming with tears as her knees trembled. She had recognized her father's voice from the first word, and that last connection to him meant the world to her. She resisted the urge to break down in front of Clark, who comforted her.

"I think your father wants you to take up the mantle of a survivor of the house of El." Clark said solemnly as he pointed to the pillar. Encased by the pillar now rested a suit similar to Clark's in fabric and color, however this one was a midriff suit with long sleeves, a slightly smaller S-shield and a red mini skirt, long red boots that ended just below her knees. Within seconds she drew it from the pillar and in a whirlwind of speed exchanged her street clothes for the new suit. It was skin-tight and flattering to her voluptuous build. She smiled softly as she looked at Clark. A few seconds later a bright light transformed the suit to the clothing she was previously wearing.

"I'm ready." She spoke with absolute certainty.

*046*2012-08-14 19:14

{{: 

Holy.. I hit the jackpot with this post. I've watched smallville for years being one of my fantasy shows. In my opinion you represented it very good! For some reason I always wanted Chloe to wet herself :)

}}

THank you! I'm really glad you think so:) I've been considering adding Chloe as a later love interest for Jimmy Olsen, but I'm very iffy about it for various reasons.

*048*2012-08-14 21:49

{{: 

I'd also love to see Chloe wet herself, Lana too.

}}

Lana won't make an appearance, and if she does she will appear as she does in the comics (Red haired)

