Fanfic - Paolo and I

Author: BENAir01

*000*2018-04-17 23:08

Hey everyone! So this is my first shot at fan fiction. I hope you enjoy, and I have a second chapter if y'all enjoy this one! Which I really hope you do. I spent a lt of time on this.

Btw this is based off a fantasy I had when i was younger.

###

School trips. What wonderful times they are, full of overprotective teachers and chaperones, annoying douchebags, cliques, boring activities, crowds, and worst of all, having to find someone to room with. Having to be loud enough to be able to sleep with someone you know.

This year was no different than any other. There was the guy I wanted to room with. Crazy intelligent yet impossibly cute, extraordinarily sweet, and responsible enough to have us go to bed at a reasonable hour while still giving us time to sit up and talk. I had had a crush on this guy for months and in my mind there was nothing better then sharing a twin sized bed with him for one night. But there was no way. He had too many friends, and besides, he probably barely knew I exist. The extent of our interactions in school were simple “Hey”’s. Once I invited him to the movies, but there were like five other people, and we didn’t even end up sitting next to each other.

There was the guy i expected to room with. We had been friends for ages, so why wouldn’t he too with me, right? Well, he’d probably end up rooming with a different friend, leaving me in the dust, hopeless and lonely.

And then there was the guy I would end up rooming with. The other looser who couldn’t find a friend. The other guy that sat at the back of class, suffering in silence.

“Hey Ben.”

I turned around to find the source of the mysterious voice that had uttered my name. Had it been inside my head? Was I hearing things?

“Oh, hey Paolo.” There he was. My crush, my one and only. I tried to hide my surprise, but I could practically see my face turn the color of a beat.

“So, uh, are you rooming with anyone for the trip?”

No, of course not. Why would I be. How would I be. “Uh, no. Why?”

“Well, would you maybe like to room with me? All my friends are rooming with each other, and, well, I just thought of you.”

No. This could be happening. “Uh, that would be great! I’ll put our names on the slip, I guess! I can’t wait!” No, like, I really couldn’t!

Fast forward a month. We had just arrived at the hotel in Philadelphia for the night. I found Paolo and we went to our room. There it was, the twin bed in all its glory. We put our stuff down and started getting ready for bed. “Uh, Ben?’

“Yeah?” I responded. Even when uneasy, his voice still rang out like a song, calling to my heart.

“I gotta be honest: I wet the bed.”

“Oh?”

“Yeah, thats why none of my friends wanted to room with me.”

Holy shit! I’ll be the first to admit I have a fetish for guys, including me, peeing or pooping themselves, and as much as I hate getting pleasure from others misfortune, I couldn’t help but be even more excited than i already was. However, I also felt bad for him because of his friends. Like, thats pretty harsh!

“Uh, thats totally fine!” I responded.

“It is?”

“Yeah, I mean I’ll admit, I’ve had plenty of issues throughout my life.” Well, that is if my fetish counts as an issue.

“Oh, you have?”

“Yeah, so bedwetting is nothing new to me. Its not an issue.”

“Alright, that makes me feel a lot better. Anyway, I brought a pull up. It sometimes leaks, but it should hold most of the pee.”

“Thats cool. Yeah, really not an issue.”

He smiled a genuine, wide, and innocently smile. He seemed amazed that his issue was finally accepted, and looked like he just wanted to give me a hug. “Um, sometimes when I sleep with someone, I can’t help but snuggle up against them, and hug them. Is that alright?” I could see the small wink he gave, and I wanted to cry of joy.

“Yeah, I have the same issue.” We giggled.

He went to the bathroom to change, and I washed him emerge from the bathroom in just the pull up and a shirt. I was quite turned on, but managed to hide it under the covers. He got into bed and cured up against me. I fell asleep quickly, holding the boy of my dreams.

It was about 3:30 am when I woke up to Paolo unconsciously squirming around in bed. It continued for a minute before it stopped. Then came the small hiss, and the warmth of the pull up, pushed up against my knee, getting wet with pee. I smiled as i let it happen. This continued for a little while before the pull up started leaking, but I didn’t mind, and Paolo remained asleep.

When we woke up the next morning, the bed was cold, but the pull up was still warm resting against my leg. “Good morning.” He mumbled, reaching down to feel his pull up.

“Mmm, good morning.” I groaned.

“Oops, I peed.” He said.

“Yeah, you did.” I responded.

*002*2018-04-18 13:42

Thanks!

*003*2018-04-20 00:46

Here’s is the second let. It has a lot more omo. I was originally not just going to post this, but I figured i should post the intro too.

I pulled up to Paolo’s house for the fourth time that week. We had been dating for about a month and had been seeing each other pretty much every day. It turns out we had both been helplessly in love with each other for months, and it had simply been unfortunate coincidences that had kept us separate for so long.

I pulled into his driveway turned off my car, and walked up to his door. He was already there, opening up. “Hey.” I said happily. He gave me a small peck on my cheek. I looked around the front hall that I had become so familiar with recently. Paolo’s house was fairly small, but had a wonderful, homely, cozy feel, and I could help but smile.

“So, my parents aren’t going to be here all evening. Well, until 10pm.” Paolo said. “You could stay for dinner if you want.”

“Yeah, sure! I brought my homework, and I’m a great chef!” I winked.

“That would be great!”

I followed him up to his room. I couldn’t quite tell you what we talked about, but It was generally about our days, our feelings, and our emotions. Finally, after about an hour, Paolo said something that specifically caught my mind.

“I have to poop.”

I couldn’t believe it. It was an opportunity I couldn’t miss. And there was no way I would suggest going to the bathroom.

“That sucks.”

“Ugh, but I really don’t want to get up.”

Oh. My. God. He was sarong all the right stuff, and I was hoping this would continue to get the best possible way.

“Well, I hope you don’t poop your pants.” The look on my face was one that could be seen as winking and smiling seductively if thats what was being looked for, but could be seen as a normal face if thats what was expected. And from the seductive smile on Paolo’s face, I could tell which one he had seen.

“And what if I do?’

Time stopped. I had to respond correctly. I count mess this up. Was I reading him wrong? Could I say this? Was that risqué enough?

Finally, it came to me.

“Well, then you’d be a very naughty little boy.” I had a twinkle in my eyes and an erection started growing in my pants. I looked down, and as if a mirror image, there was one growing in Paolo’s shorts too.

His face quickly went form naughty to pretending to show pain. “Ooh, I don’t know how much longer I can hold it in.”

“Do you need help holding it?” I held out a hand towards naughtily towards his privates. He happily took it and placed it ver his butt. I happily felt the mesh shorts and his nice round butt beneath it. I meanwhile took my other hand and held it over his front crotch, where I could feel his hard penis. Standing up slightly, time slowed don as it started happening. I could feel the first bit of poop pushing out of his cheeks. It pushed against my hand softly. I felt Paolo push, and the piece continued to come, expanding, and creating a bulge beneath my hand. I moaned slightly as poop continued to come out.

Then came the pee. Paolo relaxed, and i felt his crotch, and in turn my hand, start to get wet. Pee flowed to of my hand, down his leg, and onto the floor. Th hiss filled his room, and combined with the crinkle of his poop in a wonderful way. She he was done, he sat with a squish on my hand. I slowly moved my hand down a layer onto his boxer briefs, completely soaked through. I stared rubbing him, and then moved one layer further down. I rubbed him quickly and hard, and his moaning filed my ears. It didn’t take long for him to orgasm.

Then it was my turn. “Ooh, I have to poop too.”

He moved a hand over my butt and another over my penis. I pushed hard and felt poop emerge from my butt, quickly filling my own pants with mushy hot mess. Then, pee erupted from my hard penis, soaking my pants, Paolo’s hand, and the floor, where it merged with Paolo’s puddle. He began rubbing me too, going down one layer at a time, until I too reached orgasm. I rolled over on top of Paolo ad began making out with him. We rolled over, pushing out poop around, getting our whole bodies wet, moaning, and among out.

Finally, our session ended. We showered together, and he put a load of laundry on, with all out clothes and his bed sheets.

Since then, we have repeated this multiple times. It has shaped my sex life, his sex life, and our sex life as a couple, and I couldn’t be happier.

*005*2018-04-26 21:48

Haha, yeah!

