Sarah's ACT Accident

Author: iop098

*000*2018-10-28 07:23

Sarah sat on the bus on her way to high school. It the very beginning of her senior year. She was already looking forward to the future, she could practically imagine herself walking the campus of Stanford, her dream college, to learn anthropology. Sarah felt a rumbling in her stomach, she needed to go to the bathroom, some. She hadn’t completed her usual morning emptying of her bowels as she had woken up late. She hastily dressed in a jean skirt with a red spaghetti strap top. She didn’t mean to attract attention, but boys on the bus admired Sarah’s thin, but fit physique as she sat by herself, listening to headphones seemingly in her own world. Today was a big day at school and she was nervous, so she put her stomach rumbling somewhat down to nerves. Today was the ACT test to get into college.

Sarah arrived at school and got in line for the ACT. She asked if she could go to the bathroom while being given her testing materials, and they let her go but told her to hurry back. Sarah went to the bathroom and peed, relieving some pressure, but she still felt the need to poop. For whatever reason, she couldn’t get it out. She felt pressure in her stomach but couldn’t relax enough to let go. She had always been small for her age(5’5 now) and she felt her bladder often confused signals with her stomach, so maybe she just needed to pee more than anything. She decided she would just need to risk holding it through the test. She hurried back to the classroom and arrived at her seat just as the teacher was about to begin reading the instructions for the test. Sarah was relieved she had made it to her desk on time.

Sarah began the math portion of the test first. Math had always been her worst subject, she hated it. Equations, proportions, ratios, all confused her to no end. She struggled to get through the test and didn’t finish before the time limit was over. She also noticed, at this point, her urge to poop had grown. Next was the grammar part of the exam, Sarah was great at grammar. In school she typically got As in English classes and teachers were impressed by her ability to quickly pick up on sentence structures and vocabulary. The teacher proctoring the exam, Mrs. Wilcox, was one such teacher that had admired Sarah’s work in the past.

Sarah eased through the grammar portion. She felt very relaxed, but this ended up compounding her urge to poop. As the science section began, Sarah really felt pressure in her stomach, she had misjudged her need to poop. This one was not in a totally solid formation and was threatening to escape with a fart. Sarah could feel some sweat collecting in the crack of her butt. Sarah felt gas building in her stomach and let out a little silent gas. She could feel the contents of her bowels starting to sort of mush together, she really needed to go to the bathroom soon. 20 minutes into the science section she could hardly concentrate, she was tensing her butt muscles to no end and was farting every 30 seconds at this point. She raised her hand. Mrs. Wilcox came over, “Sarah do you have a question?”

“No Mrs. Wilcox, I just really need to go to the bathroom, it’s kind of an emergency, can you let me go”

“I’m afraid not Sarah, we are short on proctors for the exam, we will have to cancel your scores if you leave the room before the end of the exam.”

“Ok, I understand” Sarah replied in an exasperated tone.

She was nervous now, she was considering just getting up and leaving. She gritted down hard on her teeth, summoning all her willpower. This was not conducive to good test taking, she as beginning to rush through the questions, unable to focus on any details. She noticed as well that her legs were beginning to shake uncontrollably, and her stomach now had a permanent pit in it. People were starting to notice her, being distracted from their own exams by her desperation. Sarah let out a few obvious farts that smelled bad as well, she was beginning to feel real strain.

Suddenly, Sarah felt a bad cramp hit her lowest muscles. Like a kick in the groin and she momentarily lost control of herself. Some liquid diarrhea had just sprayed the Sarah’s white panties. Sarah instinctively lifted her butt a little bit, before sitting back down, realizing it was obvious she what was happening to her. She sat down and was relieved that there was not any solid poop, just a very small liquid amount that wouldn’t leak past her underwear. Still though, it smelled bad and she needed the test to end lest she be found out. Sarah could already feel a more substantial bit of poop near the edge of the crack of her ass. It was threatening to come out. The teacher walked around and passed out the writing portion.

As she handed Sarah her test she gave her a suspicious look. She could probably smell the mess Sarah was sitting in. Sarah started her test, and only a few minutes in, she began to lose her battle. Just as she finished the introductory paragraph of her essay, she could feel an impossible surge of bowel desperation coming on. She sat up(lifting her butt off the chair slightly) to try and ease the pain, but all this did was relax her muscles. Suddenly, the beginning of a large, sold turd was edging out of Sarah’s backside, beginning to push against her already stained panties.

Sarah gasped and reached back and felt the poop before(again realizing how obvious she was being) she sat back down. With that, she felt a horrible, but distantly familiar, smushing feeling in her underwear. She was past the point of no return. She felt the poop come out more and spreading in her panties, pushing against her butcheeks. The force of the chair forced some of the soft-serve like poop to fall out of her panties and onto her skirt itself.

Sarah went pale and felt her stomach totally drop. How could this be happening to her? She hadn’t had any sort of “potty” accident, let alone defecating on herself in public, in years. She could still remember her mother telling her after her last major incident at a family friend’s house when she was 6 years old, “Big girls do NOT go poop in their undies. You use the bathroom, you are a lady and you go to the bathroom when you need to go”.

This was perhaps the first time in Sarah’s life so far where she had genuinely just been asked to hold it to long. Sure she should have planned better and pooped in the morning, but she was practically constipated with nerves before the test. Normally she hadn’t ever been held back from relieving herself within 30 minutes of needing to go, it had now been over three hours since Sarah first noticed her urge to poop. Her petite body was simply not equipped to handle this much stress. Sarah was interrupted by her thoughts(now totally distracted from her test) by the smell. It hit her hard and fast.

Other student began to take notice quickly. The boy next to her looked quite disgusted and he tried not to look over at Sarah. One student, sat in the row behind Sarah, raised her hand. She complained of the smell to the teacher. The teacher walked around, trying to find the culprit. It quickly became obvious that someone, a high school senior, had failed to hold their bowels in during the exam. As a high school teacher, she had delt with worse, but hadn’t dealt with this particularly. So somewhat crassly she asked, “did someone poop?” and to her surprise, nobody answered. Sarah was too scared to come forward. Mrs. Wilcox already had a hunch it was her after she asked to go earlier.

She walked over to Sarah and leaned over and whispered loud enough for others to hear, “Sarah you told me you had an emergency earlier…were you not able to hold it.” Sarah was shaking, she was already feeling the humiliation. She was not a popular girl and this would not help things. She was afraid she wouldn’t get asked to prom, afraid she was going to now fail college. So she just went into denial, “No, mrs. Wilcox, I just passed gas…” a few people in the class snickered. “HUSH!” Mrs. Wilcox said to the would be comedians. Her denial of the obvious made the situation even more embarrassing already.

“Sarah, it doesn’t smell like gas, please stand up and go to the bathroom, I will call an administrator to help you”. She grabbed Sarah by the arm and helped her up. Sarah tried to keep her butt clenched and legs together to keep the poop in one place, but some that was already in her skirt began to fall out, rolling down her thighs, her calves, and onto the floor. “Ewww”

“gross”

“Awe she must have had to go so bad” the refrain of reactions came from the class. Mrs. Wilcox gasped, clearly surprised at the magnitude of the situation. Everyone would have to leave the exam now because their classmate had an accident on the floor. This was a situation with not protocol in the ACT manual, they actually did have a protocol for the younger kids state tests(K-5) but not for this age, so the tests would need to be redone due to “health hazard”.

Sarah made it out of the room, tracking more feces with her as she went. Tears were streaming down her face. The rest of the class quickly followed. She made it to the bathroom and emptied her panties and pooped some more into the toilet. She threw away the soiled panties. When she went outside the rest of her class was in the hall as they could not continue the exam. Sarah had to walk past them, totally humiliated, as Mrs. Wilcox tried to hush the class from teasing her, on her way to the office to get picked up by her mother.

*002*2018-10-28 16:54

{{7 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Poor her...

}}

Yeah totally a humiliation story--the center of this fetish.

*004*2018-10-31 16:50

Thanks yeah, I do most of my Omorashi writing late at night after a few beers/smokes so it's probably not the best writing from a technical perspective. Someday I'd like to do a bigger story with a real world behind it, more at stake than just a single wetting/messing incident(Some stories I like on here are 'The Editor' 'Development Biology' and 'The Device' all have very cool concepts) but I'm honestly too lazy too right now.

