Misadventures in Selphia (Rune Factory 4 Story Collection)

Author: Darksyn

*000*2017-02-12 22:31

Lately, I've been spending quite a lot of time playing Rune Factory 4, and through some searching I've noticed there is relatively little fanfiction about it, and none that I can find that has any omorashi content.

Naturally, I've decided to give writing some of my own fanfics for RF4 a go, and so this thread will contain any stories, one-shot or multi-chapter, that I put to paper.

I will be tagging what I write based on the content within, like so:

Contains: Example, Example 2, Example 3: The revengening.

This way, if anybody wishes to use Ctrl-F to find a particular type of content, it will be clearly marked - Allowing people to skip messing stories, for instance.

Additionally, for the sake of anybody reading who may not be familiar with the cast, I will be placing character images from the Rune Factory Wiki before the tags as reference.

As this is being written, I am working on my first story for the collection, and so will be posting it in my second post.

If anybody has any writing prompts, requests or suggestions, I'm open to them, aside from M/M content (I am simply not interested in it or writing about it) or diaper content, since it feels like it would clash with the setting too much.

*001*2017-02-13 00:19

A Butterfly, a Detective, and... A bunch of rocks?

Featuring: Illuminata: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/harvestmoonrunefactory/images/7/75/Illuminator2.png/revision/latest?cb=20120717051401

&

Amber: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/harvestmoonrunefactory/images/e/e5/Kohaku_normal.png/revision/latest?cb=20120806222553

Contains: Desperation, Wetting.

Amber flit her wings happily as she skipped along the forest path. Yokmir Forest had been clear of most of the more aggressive monsters ever since Frey had helped her get free of the magic binding her deep within.

Of course, that didn't mean it was completely safe, so she kept close to Illuminata, who was intent on completing a mission given to her by the tired Princess of Selphia earlier that day. The green haired girl giggled at the memory.

"Illuminata, I have come to realize I am short on a reagent used in making weapons to better protect Selphia, so I have put together a case." The Princess had announced dramatically, "I require something that can only be found in a region of Yokmir forest, and I can't be bo- Erm, am unable to locate. Take this dossier, and locate as many of these items as you can find."

Of course, Ellie had not noticed the stifled giggling that occured as Frey had left, far to occupied with her burning desire to have some fun - and help Selphia in the process.

And so Amber had followed, simply shrugging off the thinly disguised busywork with a smile.

"Mmm, the flowers smell so nice here..." She noted as she knelt down to pick a wild Moondrop flower. Ellie nodded an affirmative, but it was obvious she had her mind elsewhere.

Kneeling made her acutely aware of a pressure she had more or less been ignoring since almost an hour earlier. 'I'm sure Ellie will find the thingy soon, and I can just 'water the flowers' on the way back.' She mused as stood back up, tilting her head as she saw Ellie adjust her monocole.

###

Inside her mind, Illuminata was debating her next course of action. She and Amber had been unsuccessful in their search - Surprising, since her years of experience in detective work gave her a far greater advantage in such a search compared to the Princess, or so she thought.

She heard Amber mumble something behind her, and nodded instinctively as the wheels turned in her head. 'Round stones... Rocks are usually ragged. What changes that? Erosion. Erosion means water, but we're not at the ruins, so...'

"Aha! I've got it!" Illuminata announced with a gleam in her eyes, pumping her fist in the air. "The WATERFALL!"

The red haired elf shot Amber a glance and gestured forward. "C'mon! We've got our case in the bag!"

Before Amber could so much as blink, Illuminata turned toward the path deeper into the woods, toward the sound of distant running water.

"Ellie...!" Amber groused with a fearsome pout as her friend ran off ahead, leaving her to take wing in order to keep up, "Wait for me!"

###

Finally, Amber had caught up to her long-legged friend, and set down from her flight by the west side of the lagoon. The crash of falling water was loud, and almost a painful reminder of what she needed to do very soon.

Ellie, for her part, was currently trying to devise a way to retrieve the stones.

"So, if I... No, that wouldn't work. She said she managed to get them caught on her fish hook somehow? ...How do you even catch a round pebble with a hook anyway?"

"Ellie, do you think you could dive in and grab them?" Amber suggested hopefully, trying to keep herself distracted from the waterfall as she stood with her thighs pressed tightly together.

"Me?" The detective tapped her chin, mulling the idea over. "Hmmm. Well... There are some pretty big fish in there, didn't Frey catch one two meters long here? Fish that big wouldn't be safe to swim around."

Amber rolled her eyes. The fishies she had seen in the forest were nowhere that big.

The butterfly-girl had a flash of realization, though one that brought a faint blush to her cheeks.

"Actually... I can grab them!" Amber announced, drawing a curious look from Ellie, whose head turned fast enough to nearly dislodge her monocle.

"You can? Make sure to grab a bunch, I'll sort through them once you've got 'em!" Illuminata grinned.

Amber nodded, beginning to throw her dress off in a rush, and as soon as she kicked her shoes off, she dove into the deep pool of the lagoon, swimming deeper and toward the base of the waterfall.

The shock of the cold water partially solved the problem of her full bladder, and when Amber's body gave the message that she needed to pee, she simply let go as she swam, smiling as she felt relief as the faint yellow cloud trailed behind and below her.

By the time she reached the bed of pebbles at the bottom of the basin a few seconds later, she was done, and simply scooped up an armful of pebbles and let herself float back to the surface, Letting out a satisfied sigh as she shook her head off. "Got 'em, Ellie!"

The detective laughed as she helped Amber back onto dry land. "You know, Amber..."

"Huh? What is it, Ellie?"

"You could have let me know, instead of doing that to those poor fish." Illuminata teased, "You can't get past my powers of perception!"

"Y'know, I learned a long time ago from Dylas that fish do worse in their own water!" Amber retorted, her cheeks only faintly pink.

###

And so, Amber, after a bout of further teasing, had flown back to the Castle in Selphia ahead of Illuminata with a sizable bag of adequately eroded pebbles in hand. Frey was nowhere to be seen, and so she simply placed the bag in the mailbox out front. Request fulfilled, she hurried home to set up something... Special, for her best friend, giggling as she imagined the look upon Ellie's face.

Part 1/2, To be continued!

*004*2017-02-13 15:17

{{4 hours ago, Keita123 said:

I think I want to see the princess wet herself.

}}

A story with Frey? That can be arranged, I'll be posting Part 2 of the first story later today, and I can definitely write something involving peed princess panties for the next story. Anything else you would like to see in the next fic?

*006*2017-02-13 17:29

A Butterfly, a Detective, and... A bunch of rocks? Part 2/2

Amber hummed happily to herself while she prepared the mix of leaves for Ellie's evening tea.

"If I add a bit of dandelion to it, that should work!" She stated aloud, knowing well that Ellie would still be on her way back for at least a few minutes longer.

Once she was sure the mixture would do as she intended, she put the kettle on - Just as she heard her friend opening the door downstairs.

The butterfly-girl smirked. Part One of her plan was complete. Once Ellie had finished her tea, Part Two would commence.

###

Illuminata heaved a sigh as she sat down at the dinner table, flashing a smile at Amber, who looked to be caught up in a book she had borrowed from Frey.

"Thanks for putting the tea on, Amber, you're the best sidekick a detective could ask for."

Amber giggled and smiled right back. "No problem! Gotta pay you back for letting me stay here somehow, right?"

Ellie hummed in affirmative as she sipped her tea. She couldn't quite place what the mix was based on flavor, but dealing in flowers and herbs, she had quite a selection it was bound to happen.

'Volkanon might laugh at me if he knew.' The detective shrugged, and after a pause, sipped again.

Amber waited patiently on the other side of the table, pretending to read while she observed.

###

The green haired girl had been about to give up on her tea doing anything of note, but as Ellie had read through her mystery novel, she had finally shown signs of the brew going to work.

Crossed legs, fidgeting... It had taken effect! Amber excused herself from the table to head to the bathroom, getting a token "Mmhm." as Ellie powered through her book.

###

After all of the time spent outdoors, Illuminata had needed a pit stop. She procrastinated, promising herself she would go once she had finished her tea. Tea long ago finished, she had been absorbed in her book - She needed to see who the culprit was! Who was slandering the lady aristocrat? - Finally, a pang in her bladder shook her from her book...

She realized exactly how long it had been since she had last visited the bathroom, and the thought alone made her wince as she stood up, heading to the bathroom door with legs pressed tightly together.

The door was locked.

"I'm in here, Ellie!" Amber piped up from inside, "You forgot?"

"Not... Exactly." The redheaded elf answered with strain evident in her voice.

A cramp shot through her bladder. Reflexively, she gripped at herself through her pants, groaning loudly in complaint. "A-Amber! Please hurry up in there!"

Amber stood in front of the toilet, never having had to use it in the first place. Her amusement threatened to boil over into giggles, but she kept her cool.

"Umm.. I think I'm gonna be a bit still." She lied, prompting a muffled curse from the detective.

The longer Illuminata waited, the harder the pressure bore down against her bladder. She was rapidly reaching her limit.

"Amberrrr! Open up, I can't wait anymore!"

Amber reached over and flushed the toilet, stepping over to the sink a moment later to keep up the charade. "Just let me wash my hands, Ellie!" She answered, feigning exasperation.

Ellie whimpered, banging on the door with eyes squeezed shut as she felt a trickle of pee leak out and dampen her panties. With relief just through the door in front of her, her bladder was not patient, and just as she heard the door unlocking, as soon as she tried to rush forward, she stumbled, landing on her hands and knees as the door opened.

The sudden shock was too much, and the floodgates did not break gradually so much as end up smashed open - A gush of hot pee soaked her panties in a flash, forcing onward to saturate the groin of her pants before falling to the floor with a patter - Almost as loud as the hissing that came in waves with every contraction of her bladder. Trails of wetness poured down her legs, meeting with the stream in a growing puddle. Throughout all of this, Illuminata's mind was filled with one thought: 'Relief!', It showed on her face. The beads of sweat that had built up in her stress had ran down to her chin, and each shaky breath was a small sigh of relief.

Finally, the torrent subsided, leaving the bathroom almost silent. Amber crouched down by the edge of the golden puddle with a cheeky smile.

"You shouldn't tease me about holding it so long when you do the same thing, Ellie!"

Illuminata, having caught her breath, pushed off from the floor and brought her knees together to sit, wiping her wet hands on the sides of her pantlegs.

She took a deep breath.

"So YOU'RE the culprit!"

Both girls burst into laughter at the absurdity of the situation.

Fin.

Author's note: I am considering keeping any events in these stories in the same continuity, so that they might reference each other and build an overall timeline, a year of events or the like. This would mean that, depending on reader requests and opinions, if a certain pairing of characters happens, the two involved would not be available for other shipping requests.

It's just an idea at this point, and I want to know what people think before I 'lock in' to that path or choose another.

*007*2017-02-13 17:30

{{46 minutes ago, Night Rain said:

I'd like to see a story of where Luna wets herself.

}}

Can't say I'm at all familiar with any Luna in Rune Factory 4, which is... Basically my knowledge of the setting, sorry. >.<

*009*2017-02-14 02:08

{{14 minutes ago, MKDude said:

Rune Factory 4 omo fanfic? I am A-OK with that!

}}

Glad to have you aboard, in that case! Enjoy the omo! :D

*011*2017-02-14 10:27

{{5 hours ago, Hikaru_Diapers said:

Luna is the daughter of the protagonist in rune factory 4. I would love to see a double header (wetting and messing) accident involving Dolce and Frey with pico being pico. =]

}}

Wetting + Messing, Dolce and Frey? That can be done, and Pico will definitely be Pico.

As for Luna, that would require our Princess to be married, which is not the case as of yet.

I'll start writing later today. Any other little things you'd like? Let me know over PM or in thread.

*013*2017-02-20 00:51

Apologies for the long wait! Today I will be posting at least one part of the Frey/Dolce story that was requested. Expect a new post shortly!

Edit: Minor writer's block has struck, so I will be writing and posting sometime tonight or in the morning, after I've had some rest.

