HoloMess ~TakaMori~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-03-22 09:29

Here's the next HololiveEN story, this time focused on TakaMori. This is the most erotic story in the series so far, so I hope it's not off-putting for anyone. Let me know what you think. Thank you!

Muffled moans and miscellaneous noises whimpered from beyond a bathroom door. Inside, two girls were against the wall, intensely making out and feeling each other’s bodies. Kiara straddled herself against her lover’s leg, grinding her crotch against it through her soiled panties. Calli, however, was enjoying it as much as she possibly could considering the situation. Usually, she would be showered and clean before doing this sort of thing with another person. But instead, she continued swapping spit with her girlfriend, leaning against the wall as Kiara rubbed the pink-haired girl’s clit through her own underwear.

As both of their pussies lubricated with their natural juices, their pace quickened. They wouldn’t admit it, but being in such a situation in a public restroom was such a turn-on for them, and it showed. As if all their desires had culminated into one moment, the two lovers moaned heavily into each other’s mouths as they were overcome with pleasure, climaxing on each other. They stared into each other’s eyes as they let the afterglow settle, a string of saliva suspended from their lips. Equally embarrassed and satisfied with what they had just done, they left the bathroom hand-in-hand to continue going about their date.

“Hey, do you think this one looks good on me?” The orange-haired girl practically jumped out of the changing room into Calliope’s face, sporting an overly eccentric neon dress. Kiara had managed to drag her along on a shopping spree in Akihabara. Looking mildly pained, Calli looked her girlfriend up and down.

“Looks like you’re wearing vomit,” the reaper retorted.

“Hey, that’s not a very nice thing to say to your lover,” Kiara jested before reaching behind Calli and firmly squeezing her posterior, evoking a light moan. “OR, could it be that you’re eager to get it on?” The phoenix-girl rotated her body awkwardly in an attempt to appear sexy.

“Knock it off… How are you always so damn horny?” Calli swatted Kiara’s hand away. It wasn’t like she wasn’t feeling the same way, but she had other pressing issues on her mind, or rather, her anus. She needed to shit. The Chinese food they had eaten at a nearby food court had quickly caught up with her, weighing down her stomach. That being said, she wasn’t particularly fond of using public toilets, even less in a tourist hotspot like Akihabara. What’s more, Kiara seemed to be enjoying herself, and she didn’t want to awkwardly or inappropriately interrupt the date because of her “call of nature”. She opted to hold it, even if it was getting uncomfortable.

Kiara was also suffering from the same dilemma and shared her girlfriend’s thoughts on the matter. Her bowels felt heavy, and her abdomen were tight, but that’s not what her primary concern was. She was looking at Calli, who looked bored and uninterested. Questioning herself, she monologued to herself, “Am I being a burden to her? Am I boring? Does she want to go home?” The mystical girl pondered her own thoughts, trying her best to keep a cheerful attitude and maintain her smile. Like Calli, she didn’t want to ruin the date with a need to use the restroom.

With the two of them forcing themselves to suck up their discomfort, Kiara changed back into her normal clothes they continued shopping. They had a lot of progress on foot, moving from store to store. From Calli’s perspective, her lover seemed to be having the time of her life. From the opposing outlook, Kiara was growing more frustrated at the increasingly disinterested-looking tsundere. Both of their feelings intensified as time moved on, as well as their need to poop.

About two hours had passed since they had started store-hopping, and at one point, both girls had stopped talking altogether. As their bowels strained to keep their contents inside, their bladders had also filled, compounding onto their desperation. After a time, Calli had finally reached her limit. Acknowledging that she needed to get to a toilet soon, she stopped Kiara and told her, “Hey, today was great and all, but I think I should really start heading home.”

Hearing the words she last wanted to hear, the usually peppy girl started to cry. “I’m sorry,” was all she could let out between sobs.

“Hey,” Calli reached around and embraced Kiara from behind. “What’s wrong,” she continued, leaning against her lover’s back.

“Why do you act like I’m what’s wrong?!” Kiara flared up, much to Calli’s surprise. “You spend the whole time not saying a single word! You practically did your best to ignore me, but now I’m somehow the weird one…”

The pink-haired girl couldn’t think of any way to console Kiara, she decided that the best thing she could do was tell the truth. “Hey, it’s not your fault,” she started. Continuing, she asked, “Can you promise not to laugh if I tell you what’s up?” A confused Kiara turned to face Calli, but did nothing else but nod her head. The reaper’s apprentice sighed briefly, barely believing what she was about to say to the girl in front of her. After a moment, she stammered, “I… uhhh… I-I kinda need to… um… use the restroom… badly.” As she struggled to finish her sentence, she looked down from embarrassment. For a moment, the atmosphere was still, until suddenly, she could hear Kiara start to laugh.

“This is quite possibly the dumbest moment of my life,” Kiara chuckled.

Visually upset by her girlfriend’s amusement at her pain, Calliope said, “You know, it’s not very fu- ACK!” Her outburst was cut short by a sharp pain in her body. Against her own will, her anus opened slightly and a small spurt of liquid shit shot directly into her red panties. Tears started to stream through her eyes as she looked desperately into Kiara’s eyes, which gave her all the information she needed. The orange-haired girl had dried her tears and grabbed her girlfriend by the hand and ushered her to the nearest family restroom.

Once inside, Calli spared no effort in locking the door and rushing to the toilet. By the time she had sat down, several spurts of hot and wet poop had escaped into her underwear. Making it to the toilet, she let out a deep groan as she crapped her heart out after a must needed release. However, just as soon as she had let everything go, the somewhat standoffish girl had realized she made a fatal error.

“No, no, nononononono!” Calli felt appalled at herself as she lifted her dress for confirmation. In the heat of the moment, her desperation had overwhelmed her and she had forgotten to remove her panties. However, it was too late for her to fix her mistake, as semi-solid diarrhea poured into her sexy, lace panties. She was left helpless, and could only make loud moans and groans in protests as her underwear tented outwards. Quickly running out of room in the back, her shit thusly started spreading to front, all the while making her underwear sag and become stained beyond any redemption. After a moment, she had started to wet herself as well, as a steady stream pierced right through her soiled garments. Left doomed to her fate, she sat back down on the toilet and finished her business… in her panties.

Immediately outside, Kiara wasn’t faring any better. The mix of the drama and sudden movements she had made during the couple’s episode had put great strain on her stomach. “Fuck…” was all she could manage to say, clutching her belly. The pressure she had been feeling had constantly been growing, and unlike Calli, she was nowhere as resilient. She knew she needed release, but she also knew that entering the bathroom was impossible. Scarce on options, she made a choice she’d soon regret. As an answer to the pressure in her bowels, she let out a small fart. Passing some gas had given the desperate girl some relief, but not enough to be comfortable. As an additional consequence, she felt as though her asshole had widened slightly, and became nervous about doing such an unladylike action again.

Time passed, and Kiara had noticed that Calli had shown no signs of coming out any time soon. She wasn’t able to worry about her lover however, as her urge to defecate came back stronger than before. Uncertain as to when she’d get her chance to relieve herself, Kiara had decided to once again pass gas. This time, however, had turned sour as something much more solid had slid from the girl’s butt into her white panties. “Oh my god…” Kiara reached her hand behind her and pressed it against her panties, feeling it expand outwards against her will. Unable to stop what she started, several thick, semi-solid logs of poop moved their way into the phoenix’s underwear, combining with the other logs to make a more consolidated mess. Lifting her skirt up from the front, she could see her panties potentially sagging below the hem, which would leave her mess visible for all to see.

Kiara should have felt appalled at what she’d just done. She had known that. But in the back of her mind, against all odds, she was getting aroused. She had just shit herself in public, and she’d never felt hornier. It took a great deal of restraint for her to not start masturbating in public right where she stood. Reveling in her own sexual frustration, she exclaimed, “What the FUCK is wrong with me?” Panting from being put in heat by her public accident, she deliberately released control over her bladder, letting pee leak down the sides of her legs. This did nothing to quell her arousal, however as she started to massage the bugle behind her. While edging herself with her own shit, Calli had opened the door to the bathroom with only one statement.

“I… shit myself.”

Those three words forced Kiara to the edge as pushed Calli back in the room, soon following and locking the door behind her.

“Umm… What’s going on?” Calli blushed heavily as the sight of a very clearly heated Kiara. The other girl, in turn, softly pinned Calli against the wall and started kissing her. Calli had never been more confused in her life, and what Kiara said next drove her thoughts wild.

“Don’t worry. I did too.”

At first, what felt like a one-sided eroticism quickly turned into a mutual understanding. It didn’t take long for both girls to have the hands all over each other, paying little mind to the messes in their respective underwear.

“You know, if people saw us, we’d be shunned as total freaks,” Calli said as she broke off their kiss.

“I know. I don’t care,” Kiara responded, reengaging the kiss.

Muffled moans and miscellaneous noises whimpered from beyond a bathroom door. Inside, two girls were against the wall, intensely making out and feeling each other’s bodies. Kiara straddled herself against her lover’s leg, grinding her crotch against it through her soiled panties. Calli, however, was enjoying it as much as she possibly could considering the situation. Usually, she would be showered and clean before doing this sort of thing with another person. But instead, she continued swapping spit with her girlfriend, leaning against the wall as Kiara rubbed the pink-haired girl’s clit through her own underwear.

As both of their pussies lubricated with their natural juices, their pace quickened. They wouldn’t admit it, but being in such a situation in a public restroom was such a turn-on for them, and it showed. As if all their desires had culminated into one moment, the two lovers moaned heavily into each other’s mouths as they were overcome with pleasure, climaxing on each other. They stared into each other’s eyes as they let the afterglow settle, a string of saliva suspended from their lips. Equally embarrassed and satisfied with what they had just done, they left the bathroom hand-in-hand to continue going about their date.

*002*2021-03-24 04:13

{{3 hours ago, deepAzure said:

Woo boy! I think this one is your hottest story yet.

}}

Thanks! Glad you liked it. Most of my stories in this series so far have been on the cute/embarrassing side, so with this and the next one, I wanted things to get a little more naughty.

