Avengers: Celebration Desperation

Author: Jane Jones

*000*2020-11-07 17:28

Hey everyone! This is a commission I recently completed, so if anyone is interested in commissioning me for a story of their own, please let me know:

AVENGERS: CELEBRATION DESPERATION

“Hi, welcome to Avengers Tower! It’s an honour to meet you” said Beth The Waitress, welcoming everyone to the party. She was dressed in a gorgeous green and gold dress; her curvy breasts accentuated by the outfit, her blonde hair bunched in a well-tied knot. She held a tray of champagne-glasses and the guest took one, excitedly gulping it; before handing it back, her nerves slightly calmed.

“Thanks, I’m just happy to be here!”. The reply came from Kamala Khan, one of the last to arrive that night; who started in awe at those around her. Wearing a red, white and blue Captain Marvel fan top, blue jeans and red trainers, the eighteen-year-old felt criminally underdressed as she looked at those surrounding her.

Even in civilian clothing, none could mistake these women: They were Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, Asgardians and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. They had come to Avengers Tower in New York to celebrate the work of Doctor Jane Foster, an acclaimed scientist who had recently won a Nobel Prize in psychics for her acclaimed work on the Bi-Frost, Wormholes and their relationship to the Convergence. It was a galaxy-renowned piece of research that even the Nova Empire was interested in and the Council of Xandar had invited her to speak on it at their upcoming conference, the first time a human scientist had ever been invited to do so.

To celebrate, Pepper Potts; the new head of Stark Industries, had bankrolled an elaborate party in the recently re-acquired Avengers Tower: An all girl’s night, where every female Avenger was invited. So long as you’d either fought in the Battle against Thanos or had reasonable hero credentials, you were on the list and Kamala counted her lucky stars that she’d jumped through a mysterious portal and began dunking on the Chitauri forces around her. Now, she could meet all of her idols.

“Oh, this is so cool!” she said out-loud, barely able to stop herself from jumping up and down with excitement; as she spotted one of her idols.

Rushing over, she shook the hand of legendary hero: Peggy Carter. While all knew Captain America to be the first Avenger, many held Peggy as important to that development as Dr. Erskine itself and Kamala was on that list of mega-fans. She was dressed in an elegant red dress that ran below her knees; as well as beautiful black-heeled shoes, which Kamala thought accentuated her already stunning beauty.

“OMG, wow, I just wanted to say, it is such an honour to meet you, you are like my second favourite hero ever and you did so much to pave the way for all of us, it is an honour” said Kamala over-enthusiastically; though Peggy smiled.

“Well thank you...?”.

“Khan. Kamala Khan”.

“Kamala. When I was your age, women were told to stick to the kitchens and make men their meals”.

“Ugh, that must have sucked”.

Peggy smiled; enjoying the young girl’s blunt manner of speaking.

“Yes, it did rather suck” said Peggy, laughing. “But things are getting a lot better for us now it seems”.

“Yeah, still a long way to go though”.

“Well I would hope so, otherwise Steve brought me into the future for nothing”.

Kamala giggled, hearing the great Captain America be referred to as ‘Steve’, as Beth the Waitress offered each of them champagne. Peggy sipped hers graciously; savouring it, while Kamala excitedly guzzled hers, realising how she looked after several moments.

“Sorry” she said, embarrassedly.

“Not at all” said Peggy smiling. “To the women of the future” she said, raising her glass.

Kamala let out a huge grin and raised a new one; picked from the table next to them.

“To the heroes of the past”.

Meanwhile; in the tower kitchen, a massive cake was being prepared for the guest of honour. Jane; having quietly made her way inside, gazed at it longingly. She was dressed in a dark grey-jacket, green shirt and tight blue jeans; her hair pushed out of her face. As she was distracted by the massive-beauty: A 5ft tall mass of vanilla, cherries, chocolate and raspberry jam, Carol and Valkyrie walked in; having noticed her attempts to sneak in.

“Hey, you’re not meant to see that yet” said Carol disapprovingly; though her tone was light.

The three ladies hugged affectionately. Carol was dressed in a brown air-force bomber jacket, with tight blue jeans and Valkyrie in a black leather jacket and dark leather trousers; tightly hugging her figure, accentuating her bum.

“I owe you so much” said Jane. “My research never would have been complete without you taking me into space to study an Einstein-Rosen bridge up close”.

“Hey, this was your success; don’t undersell yourself” said Carol re-assuringly. “I only did like… 40% of the work, at most”.

Jane playfully whacked her, as she turned to Valkyrie.

“I’m so happy for you two as well” she said, as Carol and Valkyrie smiled; their hands interlocking.

“Well, being the queen of Asgard whose consort is the most powerful woman in the galaxy does tend to get you noticed” said Valkyrie teasingly, as Carol feigned mock disgust.

“Oh, I’m politically convenient for you am I”.

“You’ll do” replied Valkyrie teasingly, as the two kissed passionately for several moments.

“Alright, get a room” said Jane, as the two broke apart. “I need to go and say hello to people, otherwise Pepper’s going to freak out at where I am”.

“No she won’t, you just want the cake” accused Carol.

Jane went to protest but then stopped, smiling.

“Okay yeah, I really want that cake. I can’t believe I get to be the first one to try that thing”.

In response, Carol grabbed a cherry off the top, swirled it through a large section of Vanilla and bit into it; as Jane folded her arms in mock offence, though she couldn’t stop herself from smiling.

“Come on, let’s go”.

Back at the party, two street-level heroes; Jessica Jones and Trish Walker, stood by the bar. The former was wearing a black-leather jacket, white shirt, grey trainers and blue jeans; looking bored out of her mind, while the latter was wearing a yellow jumper, blue jeans and white-trainers. More interestingly however, both were fidgeting uncomfortably; the strain on their bladders unusually high.

“How long until she arrives, I’m dying here” moaned Jessica.

“Don’t be overdramatic Jess, we’ll be fine. You’ve had like six drinks, it’s your own fault”.

“Five” protested Jessica. “Besides, it’s not my bladder that’s the problem. If it can handle the drinks at Rudy’s, it’s not me. All this expensive shit goes through me”.

“It’s not that bad!” said Trish, though she had to admit; Jessica might be onto something.

Trish was used to having to wait eight-to-ten hours for bathroom breaks while on press tours and even her need was starting to get frustrating, after just a drink and a half. Jessica’s need was hers from the amount she’d drunk, her friend visibly fidgeting on the spot; though she wasn’t yet holding herself, however; as Jess herself boasted, she was: “The greatest superhero alcoholic in history’. She’d been able to hold on through all-night blackouts of drinking before. Still; as the minutes ticked on, Jessica began to feel a thicker tension building and began to feel like she badly needed to shit as well. Eventually, she’d had enough.

'Alright, that's it, i'm going' said Jessica, her bladder aching uncomfortably.

'Jess, come on, they're about to bring out the cake!' protested Trish. 'Just hold on a sec'.

'Oh and what she'll want me there to clap her? She doesn't even know me. I'm going to take a shit'.

Jessica said the last part too loudly, catching Beth the Waitress’s attention; who looked away sharply as Jessica rolled her eyes.

"What, you've never gone to the bathroom before?" she said scornfully, though she quickly walked on; her legs tightly rubbed together as she did. She could feel the urge building unusually quickly and; once around the corner, shoved a hand tightly in-between her butt cheeks in order to calm the need down. Trish considered waiting, however she had to admit; her own need was starting to get bad as well. She didn’t know what it was; perhaps food-poisoning from the hot-dogs Jessica had made them buy on the way there, however she didn’t want to risk it further and rushed after her friend, as the pressure in her bladder began to get worse.

Just as Trish left the main party-area, Jane, Carol and Valkyrie emerged from the kitchen and Pepper; spotting them, activated the tower’s sound system to play ‘Fifth Harmony – That’s My Girl’. As the three made their way down the steps, the room broke into applause; as Jane blushed. It felt strange to be applauded by princesses, government agents and heroes who had saved more lives than she could even conceive of. Her bladder pulsated nervously; however, she shrugged it off, assuming it was her normal fear of public speaking.

“Thank you so much” she said, as the room began to quieten.

As Jane began to give a small speech; thanking everyone for their attendance, most of the guests realised something: They were starting to feel in desperate need for the loo. Most tried to play it off at first but it grew worse quickly. A few hid it well; such as Pepper Potts and Peggy Carter, whose age and experience with corporate meetings allowed them to remain still despite the mounting pressure. A few; like the eighteen-year old Princess Shuri, crossed and uncrossed their legs, trying to find a comfortable spot to rest their aching bladders. Kamala Khan was in the latter category but was desperate now to show any weakness, as she looked towards her idol: Carol Danvers. More than anything, she wanted to make a good first impression with her and so forced herself to remain still; though sweat began to run down her forehead from the stress of holding it.

Seeing the young girl’s subtle distress, Peggy leaned over to her:

“Are you alright?” she whispered.

“Huh? Yeah, yeah I’m fine, all good” though Kamala knew it was fast becoming a lie. She couldn’t wait to find a bathroom, as the pressure quickly became so taxing, she was forced to tightly clamp her legs together; though she refused to fidget.

Finally, Jane’s speech ended and the cake was brought out, which Pepper cut out a piece of and offered it to Jane, who eagerly devoured it; to widespread laughter. As she finished the last bite, a second round of applause came and several women prepared to make a dignified but hasty rush to the nearest bathrooms, when suddenly; Jane moaned in agony.

All eyes in the room turned back to her, as Jane moaned again, feeling like someone had kicked her hard in the stomach; as Carol and Valkyrie rushed to her.

“Are you alright?” asked Valkyrie, concerned.

“Yeah, yeah, I’m fi-”.

Jane never completed that sentence, before a new pain raced through her stomach and made her cry out in shock, relief, pain and horror; as the unthinkable began to happen.

A loud fart ripped through the air and moments later, a dark wet patch spread through the front of Jane’s jeans; running down her legs, as urine poured over her shoes and onto the steps. The crowd watched in shock as Jane Foster violently wet herself, yet as she turned around; trying to flee to a bathroom, the back of her jeans turned brown and began to expand outwards.

The smell hit several people in the room; who gasped for fresh air, as Jane’s trousers filled with her shit for over twenty-seconds, before she collapsed onto her knees, tears pouring down her face as she cried in shock and exhaustion.

She didn’t know what had happened, a few moments ago she’d been fine and then a pain had ripped through her bladder like nothing she’d ever experienced. It was like a white hot ball of fire had been inside her and there had been practically no way for her to fight it. She’d been overwhelmed in seconds; losing control of herself like a little girl, humiliating herself in front of a room full of the world’s most powerful and talented women. A day that was meant to be a great triumph had now turned into the most humiliating day of her life and she began to sob helplessly.

As everyone talked amongst themselves; unsure of how to respond, the voice of the AI ‘F.R.I.D.A.Y.’ came over the intercom:

“Barndoor Protocol activated’.

Metal sheets began to race down over every window and several entrances and exits to the room were closed, including those to the main bathroom areas; excluding a single bathroom that was mainly used by cleaning staff.

“Pepper, what’s going on?” asked Natasha Romanoff, as Pepper looked worried.

“I don’t know; I didn’t activate that”.

Carol flew over to the windows, trying to blast through the metal sheets but it was no good. Ever since Thanos’s attack two years ago on the Avengers Compound, both Avengers Tower and the main HQ; currently being rebuilt upstate, had been upgraded with Uru metal defences. They were strong enough to tank the full force of a nuclear blast, as well as a variety of magical and energy based attacks. Even Vibranium tech would glance off it uselessly. Carol reasoned that she could probably break through it with multiple hours concentrated assault but she knew she didn’t have hours to spend attacking it. Though she wouldn’t admit it to anyone, Carol Danvers was beginning to feel a desperate need for the toilet and by the time she realised; a cue of a dozen people had already formed for the only loo.

As Valkyrie comforted a distraught Jane Foster and several others discussed why she had lost control and why they had suddenly been trapped inside, one of the guests; a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent named Jemma Fitz-Simmons, looked over the wine glasses. Grabbing a random selection of snacks, she dropped several ingredients into a glass; stirring it with a fork, before her eyes widened with shock. She looked around her and saw a fellow agent; Melinda May, about to take another drink and knocked it out of her hands, the glass shattering on the floor, causing the waitress Beth who was carrying a tray of drinks, to nearly drop them in shock.

“Everybody stop drinking. Don’t touch anything” she called out, as all turned to look at her.

“Why, what’s going on?” asked Maria Hill.

“The drinks are poisoned”.

Meanwhile, Jessica and Trish had been halfway towards a bathroom on the next floor down, when the Barndoor Protocol sealed the bathrooms, trapping them in one of the hallways, just a few metres from relief. After several minutes of dancing around frustratedly; waiting for the emergency procedures to be lifted, Jessica had grown suspicious.

“Motherfuckers” she cursed.

“What?” asked Trish who; now unseen by anyone bar her best friend, had shoved two hands between her legs to help her hold against the burning pain in her bladder.

“Our bladders aren’t weak; the drinks were spiked. The last time I felt like this, this German asshole had spiked my drink, rather than pay after I found out his wife was fucking this French dude”.

“You sure?”.

“Yep. Asshole wasn’t even trying to kill me, he tagged me with a diuretic; just wanted to humiliate me and put the photos on Twitter. I spent two days over the crapper because of him. This feels just like that”.

This made sense to Trish, though it deeply worried her that someone had managed to sneak into the Avengers Tower for what seemed like little more than an elaborate practical joke.

“What happened to the guy?” asked Trish, trying to make light conversation.

“I broke his nose”.

Trish laughed, though this was a mistake and she bent over in agony, as she felt a spurt leak into her panties. She could feel a huge amount of shit barely contained inside her and desperately danced around, as Jess pressed against her pussy with one hand; the other tightly clenching her bum. Her super strength was allowing her to cope slightly better but even she was swaying side to side, desperately rocking on the soles of her feet; as she watched Trish struggle with sympathy. She probably couldn’t hold on for long but Trish was clearly seconds away from a massive accident and though she would never admit it, her heart went out for Trish more than anyone else.

“Jess, I can’t hold on… I think I’m going to wet myself”.

Jessica felt her mind go into overdrive; trying to find a way to help Trish, when suddenly, a thought came to mind.

“Get ready to run in” said Jessica, as Trish watched her in confusion.

Throwing off her leather jacket, Jessica grabbed onto the Uru metal slide covering the bathroom door and began to lift it with all her might. The building’s security defences kept trying to force it down and the metal cut into her hands but Jessica’s resolve held and so did her strength, forcing the metal slider upwards. Eventually, she’d lifted it high enough for Trish to get through.

“Go” said Jessica, struggling to hold it in more ways than one as Trish watched her friend begin to wet herself; unable to hold back her bladder while exerting so much strength. The wetness spread across Jessica’s jeans and the smell of shit began to permeate the air, as Jessica felt her black underwear fill up; shit squishing against her bum, before running down her legs in thick strands. Jessica grimaced in disgust but gave her friend a small smile, as Trish kissed her friend’s cheek.

‘I owe you one’ said Trish, before running into the bathroom.

Trish ran over the expensive white tiling, as she felt an intense pain rip through her stomach and cried out in agony; clutching herself tightly. She could feel her bladder muscles give way and her shit barely seconds away from escaping her.

“Oh no you don’t”.

Kicking open the bathroom door, she took her hands from her stomach and yanked down her trousers intensely; causing her to sway unstably on her feet. This proved to be the final straw and shit began to rapidly fill her red thong, as she fell onto the toilet; having lost complete control in the final seconds. Her piss began to stream out, soaking her shit filled thong rapidly as she moaned in frustration and relief.

While still technically having an accident, she’d been to more than one party panty-less in skirts and dresses; also knowing how to clean extreme amounts of cum off her body. Carefully pulling off her panties and dropping them inside a small waste paper bin, she cleaned off her bum with toilet paper and the bathroom sink, before heading back outside. As she left the bathroom, Jessica released the Uru metal door slide and collapsed onto the floor; exhausted from the strain, as Trish heard the squelching sound spread from her best friend collapsing to the ground. Smiling, she went to sit next to her.

“I wouldn’t, I stink” said Jessica, trying to sound confident; a hint of vulnerability in her voice.

“I don’t care. You’re my best friend, you know that Jess” said Trish, wrapping her arm around Jessica and holding her against her shoulder.

“Don’t get all sappy on me” said Jessica, though a small smile was on her lips and she found lying in Trish’s arms made her feel better; despite everything.

“I’m glad you’re my sister”.

The two sat against the wall for several minutes, unable to move more than a few ft. down the hallway without the Uru defences blocking them. Instead, they simply relaxed and enjoyed each other’s company in silence; until suddenly, Jessica sat up and her eyes widened in realisation.

“What is it?” asked Trish.

“I know who poisoned us”.

Meanwhile, Lady Sif was dancing around desperately in the main party area’s only bathroom; utterly frustrated by her inability to remove the straps from her Asgardian Wolfskin cloak, as she felt her need increase tenfold. Underneath the complex cloak, she wore a thin blue buttoned shirt and black riding trousers and boots. Her whole body was vibrating with desperation as she tore at half-a-dozen straps, which for some reason were struggling to undo; despite her many years of experience with them.

“I am Lady Sif of Asgard, Victor of the battle of Harokin, the thousand-year maiden and warrior eternal” she thought furiously; dancing desperately on the spot. “I will not be laid low like some child and forced into having an accident… I won’t… I can hold on”.

Outside the bathroom door, a line of female heroines were desperately awaiting relief: The famed Princess Shuri was dancing about; hands shoved between her orange African skirt, her legs on full display as they twisted and contorted around each other in growing need. Behind her, a hero named Quake; otherwise known as Daisy Johnson, was shaking repeatedly, her black jeans pulled tightly against her crotch to help her hold; utilising her telekinesis to hold back an accident, though her mental grip was slowly failing. Valkyrie was third, having felt the urge creep up on her and though she felt humiliated having to; the queen of a nation now fidgeting constantly like a shy schoolgirl, the intense pressure in her bladder was burning and she could feel a burning need to shit as well. Her black leather trousers rubbed together uncomfortably and she could feel sweat running down her face.

Across the party, several people were handling it in different ways. The War Dogs & Dora Milaje representatives were handling it the best, Nakia and Okoye having only sipped small amounts of wine; true to their codes of always staying alert, meaning that only a small amount of the poison was in their systems in contrast to everyone else. Both sat on a large white sofa, Okoye in a dark black-dress; Nakia in a red-and-green multi-colour shirt and brown trousers, remaining composed. Even so, the earliest warning signs of desperation were there: Slight restlessness of their feet, minor fidgeting. However, both were looking towards Princess Shuri; their young charge who had drunk almost four glasses, who now seemed at imminent risk of an accident.

Several others were in various stages of it, however one who was very desperate but was refusing to show as few signs as possible was Kamala Khan. Her idol; Carol Danvers, was a few ft. from her, scanning the building’s metal shielding in her binary mode for weaknesses. Kamala would have been devastated to have an accident in front of any of these people but her? She absolutely would not allow it.

She had increased the size of her bladder to help handle the pressure, bloating her stomach out and making her belly show slightly underneath her top; which she self-consciously tried to pull over the bulge. Even with this increase, the pressure on her bladder still felt bad and she had her legs pressed tightly together; wanting badly to stay still.

Suddenly, Carol landed next to her and she froze up:

“Hey kid, you okay?” asked Carol.

“Y-yeah, I-I’m okay. Better than a lot of people” said Kamala nervously. “I-I mean, not better than them, they’re Avengers and stuff, I just mean-”.

“-Hey, it’s cool; no-one’s going to take it personally. Looks like somebody really got the jump on us huh”.

“Y-yeah”.

“I’m Carol”.

“K-Kamala”.

“I know; you’ve been using my moniker”.

Kamala stared nervously towards a frowning Carol, who after several seconds; smiled.

“I’m honoured. I heard about the Inhuman families you helped. You should be proud of yourself”.

Despite her bladder’s pain and the pressure of the situation, Kamala briefly forgot everything and beamed with delight from receiving praise from her personal hero.

“Thanks! So… you have any ideas on how long we’ll be here?”.

“Not sure… guess we’ll see how long it takes for the eggheads to crack the security system”.

“Well, you’re Captain Marvel!” said Kamala obviously, with grinning fan-delight. “I bet you’ll figure a way to get us out of here first, I know it!”.

Carol smiled reassuringly, however she could feel a painful tension growing inside her. She'd taken a small bite of the cake but even that was enough to poison her bloodstream with almost the worst infection out of anyone. A full slice had driven Jane to an accident in under a minute and had she still had a normal human body, she would already be filling her tight blue jeans; however, she was lucky. Her binary powers could be focussed on one part of her body for a limited time and while they were active, she knew it would be impossible for her to lose control.

It wouldn't stop her growing desperation however and she had to fight not to squirm around visibly. She was Captain Marvel, not just a hero on earth but all over the galaxy. Eight different Skrull planets had national holidays dedicated to her, an accident was simply out of the question. For them, humiliation would be; at the very worst, planet-wide. For her, wetting herself or; as was far more likely with every passing minute, completely shitting herself: That would be a galaxy-wide scandal. It might even put planets under her protection at risk from enemies who now saw her as weak.

“I’ll be right back” said Carol, smiling at Kamala; as she walked into the now abandoned kitchen area. As she did, another burst of intense pain wracked her stomach and she felt her knees lock together; against her control, for a few seconds. Forcing herself to stand still; though her legs were tightly pressed together, she felt herself sweating profusely. She badly needed to go and had she been alone, would have happily let go onto the floor or even given in to having an accident through her clothes but in front of everyone: So many who looked up to and saw her as invincible; a hero among heroes... her face burned red with embarrassment at the thought.

This couldn't be happening. She couldn't let it happen... she wouldn't... she hoped.

While Carol and Kamala struggled to hide their growing desperation, S.H.I.E.L.D agent Jemma Fitz-Simmons was hard at work on an antidote; having improvised a workshop out of a buffet table. She was now using her headset to communicate with her husband, Leopold James Fitz-Simmons; who she always referred to as ‘Fitz’.

“Have you tried using a Dimercaprol solution?” asked Fitz, as they bounced ideas between them.

“It’s definitely not mercury poisoning, we’re not showing the right symptoms. There’s definitely a Sodium Bicarbonate solution to instigate forced diuresis, half of us are squirming like mad and Jane lost control in minutes” explained Jemma.

“I do love it when you talk dirty with chemicals” said Fitz humorously, as Jemma laughed; then moaned in pain, forcing her legs tightly closed. Her black jeans were tight and the pressure on her bladder, intense; as she squirmed frustrated on the spot.

“Fitz, don’t make me laugh, it hurts” she complained.

“Sorry. Is there anything else I can do”?

“Just notify the authorities and see if you can get them to open these doors, make sure the press don’t find out and have Damage Control sweep the state water supplies; if they’re targeting us, it could be the start of a state-wide attack. We can’t let that happen”.

“Always the hero, aren’t you” said Fitz admiringly.

“I’m glad you think so” said Jemma, as she moaned in agony. “Because…”.

“What is it?”.

“I can’t focus on making an antidote when my bladder is burning like this. I’ve only got a few minutes anyway but I could still save a few of the others from going through the same, if I get an antidote in time”.

“What are you saying?”.

“Well, I think we’ll be marathoning Doctor Who tonight in our pyjamas; instead of after-party antics. Fitz… I’m going to wet myself”.

Her voice was shaky but stayed strong; despite the vulnerability in her tone and true to her nature, Jemma’s blunt statement of fact was exactly what was happening. A handful of her fellow heroes watched as a small wet patch sprung up on the back of her jeans and began running heavily down her right leg, Fitz moaning in frustration and annoyance as the liquid drenched her white-lace knickers; that she had worn for Fitz later, before running into her red-trainers. A few moments later, a quiet fart sound followed and Fitz felt a small log of shit slide through her panties; smearing her white-lace, before pieces broke off against her bum and ran down the inside of her jeans, turning the outline of her black-jeans bum, dark brown. Sighing in frustration, she wiped the tears from her eyes and took deep breaths, calming down her blushes and trying not to internalise that she had just willingly pissed herself; then shit in her jeans, in front of dozens of the world’s most powerful women.

Instead of judgment however, several looking at her admiringly; realising what she had just done for them.

“That was a noble thing you just did” said Okoye.

Jane Foster approached; now cleaned and changed into the only spare clothes they could find, some of Tony Stark’s old clothing: Wearing an Iron Maiden t-shirt and tight black jeans, her eyes were puffy from sobbing but she smiled gently at her.

“I wish I’d handled that with as much grace as you did”.

“It wasn’t your fault” re-assured Jemma, as she briefly stopped looking at her scientific gear; feeling especially bad for her. “You couldn’t have known”.

“… Anyway, what can I do to help” asked Jane, looking at the equipment.

Jemma could tell she needed the distraction from her humiliation and so, smiling; handed her an improvised microscope.

“Let’s get to work”.

Meanwhile; as the two-scientists searched for an antidote, Lady Sif was hitting her breaking point. She couldn’t understand what was happening, as the weaves seemed almost magically bound; as she fought ferociously to tear them.

“I’ve got this completely under control” she told herself mentally, as she could feel her bladder control slipping away; a spurt of pee dampening her riding jeans. “No, no, no! I won’t have an accident! I am not some New Asgardian schoolgirl who can’t hold it… I can hold it… I… I… I can’t hold it!”.

The moment she accepted that, her control shattered. She began to pee furiously, as piss raced through her and soaked her thick undergarments, flooding the dark-blue panties before soaking into her trousers. Lady Sif shook and clenched between her legs tightly; trying to prevent the accident even as it occurred, yet nothing she did helped as pee burst through her fingers and felt an intense log of shit building in her anus.

“Allfathers be merciful, not that too, oh please not that!”.

Her prayers went unanswered however and she felt the piss run down into her boots, as she began to fill her underwear with an enormous amount of shit: She tried to clench her buttocks but every-time Lady Sif attempted this; an enormous pain shot through her body, forcing her to re-open them. Pee was running off her legs in four huge streams, as she continued to violently wet herself; while shit filled her underwear with alarming force. Soon, she heard a horrendous elastic snap and realised; with horror, that the weight of the shit coming from her ass had broken her worn out panties and now their load poured down her legs in large clumps; bulging her trousers at several places, as she felt tears roll down her face. Her whole body was shaking with relief and humiliation, causing Lady Sif to collapse into a rapidly growing puddle around her; sobbing quietly in despair.

“I am a disgrace to New Asgard and to the Allfathers, I don’t deserve to be called a warrior, a lady; I’m no better than a common child in battle” she thought, crying with despair as her accident finally slowed and eventually; came to a stop. The damage was bad. A huge puddle; almost 6ft. wide, had filled nearly the entire bathroom floor and pieces of her shit had fallen through her tight trousers; over her ankles, into the puddle. Her entire bottom half was soaked and Lady Sif shivered, unable to take the humiliation and never wanting to leave the room. She thought about going into exile; possibly in this bathroom, perhaps even swearing herself to a New Asgardian Temple. She could learn Groot, shave her head, have cold showers every day and pretend that she was anyone other than the once proud warrioress of Asgard and New Asgard, who had just humiliatingly soaked herself on the floor.

Her only solace was that nobody witnessed the accident itself, yet as soon as she emerged; people would know, the damage was too bad. She thought about her last accident, seven-hundred and eighty-two years ago at the Ninth Great Battle of Vannaheim. It had been her first ever large-scale conflict, against a group of marauding bandits; aided by several-hundred renegade Frost-Giants: Extremists who stood against the Odin-Laufey Peace Treaty.

The beasts had terrified her and when one had knocked her flying a dozen ft. back; her survival only being down to her trusty-shield, she remembered soiling herself in armour then as the Frost Giant approached. The feeling of disgust as pee had soaked her body, the fear of looming death, the rage at being humiliated; during a time when Asgardian women were nowhere near as respected for their potential as warriors, all this had driven her to move quickly enough to avoid the giant’s next attack and behead the beast with her sword in one sword slash. An impressive feat; even for a veteran warrior, she had built her reputation from that day forth and had made a secret promise to herself to never be so humiliated again.

Yet here she sat, shivering, alone and ashamed; wanting never to emerge.

As Lady Sif felt sorry for herself, several other women paid dearly for her lack of motivation to leave the bathroom. Chief among these, was Princess Shuri; whose near constant-fidgeting had reached a fever pitch; as she danced despairingly on the spot.

“Open up, open up right now!” she screamed, banging on the door; as people noticed a tendril of pee run down her left leg. “No, no, no, no, no!”.

The Wakandan Princess’s loss of control was instant, as she felt her green-patterned underwear instantly fill with piss and shit simultaneously; the combination turning into a soggy mess, as both raced down her legs as a brown sludge, the smell making Quake and Valkyrie step back; their own desperation worsened tenfold by witnessing the princess’s accident. Shuri shook with relief as her body’s control vanished, her only saving grace being that her nanotech Shuri-brand ‘Sneakers’ prevented the waste from running over feet; instead dripping into thick small puddles around her at several parts. Her black legs trembled with relief as the princess walked slowly from the cue; as if in a trance, to a watching Nakia and Okoye. While both ladies’ needs were getting considerably worse now, both focussed on their princess as she fell into their arms; openly sobbing, reduced to feeling like the young girl she was always scared of seeming for the first time in many years.

Daisy; now first in the cue, stepped forwards to try and reach the bathroom door, half-tempted to rip the door off with her powers, however before she could do anything, an intense pain ripped through her and she screamed in agony; a wave of telekinetic energy bursting from her as she did. Valkyrie was knocked down to the ground; spun back several ft., half a dozen guests had to brace to avoid falling and several dozen-wine glasses in the room shattered, as Beth the Waitress screamed in fear.

Daisy’s accident was something to behold, as it was over in eight seconds; yet was utterly spectacular. Her powers forced her accident to burst out of her rapidly, causing piss to flood over every part of her black trousers instantly; as if someone had thrown a bucket of water over them, several streams of pee springing from the trousers like hoses and spraying out around her over the floor, before shit exploded from her ass. That was the only term for it. To all the women there, it was as if Daisy’s ass had expanded to double its size in seconds; while turning brown almost as fast, the spray so fast that shit leaked over the top of her trousers, dripping onto the floor.

Meanwhile, Valkyrie taking the brunt of the telekinetic blast had shattered the last of her control and she had begun wetting herself mid-air; an extremely odd sensation. Upon hitting the ground, she was already lost to wetting herself and had resigned herself to this fact. “Fuck” she moaned, as pee flooded through her tight black-trousers; while Carol came and rubbed her shoulders supportively. Pee poured down her legs and her Asgardian biology meant that; unfortunately, her over-filled bladder drenched her clothing with pee until it was truly sodden and then just kept going: Able to hold more than 5x the average human bladder.

Valkyrie continued to wet herself furiously, though as she felt a small amount of shit work its way out of her; she grunted humorously. More than ten millennia putting her liver through varying degrees of alcoholism meant that; even poisoned, only a small amount of shit was now forcing its way out, only half-filling her black underwear and slightly bulging the stockings she was wearing for Carol later, however not visibly showing or smelling to the other people. She felt a slight sense of pride in that, somewhat morosely pleased that her accident was less humiliating then the standard of most so far.

“Guess it’s over for me as well” said Valkyrie, trying to shrug it off dismissively; though Carol saw through the attitude.

“Hey, you did fine” said Carol re-assuringly.

“They’ve still got a few spare towels in the kitchen, if you want to clean up” offered Beth the Waitress.

As Valkyrie went to do just that, Carol followed her and took her soaked clothing as Valkyrie stripped off her black-jeans and underwear; Carol running them under hot-soaking water.

“I didn’t realise you’d be getting naked this early into the night” said Carol flirtatiously, trying to cheer Valkyrie up.

“Well, you know me and my urges” said Valkyrie; disappointed in herself, though her tone had a slightly receptive and playful edge to it.

“An Asgardian Queen should really behave better” said Carol, pressing herself against Valkyrie; who was now completely naked from the waist down. Her long legs still had tendrils of pee on them, her ass smeared with shit but Carol grabbed her butt cheeks anyway, kissing the Valkyrie’s neck; who moaned in pleasure.

“You know I’m disgusting at the moment, right?” said Valkyrie, already giving in to this new pleasure; the memory of her accident beginning to fade.

In response, Carol bite down on Valkyrie’s shoulder; giving her a love-bite, as the queen moaned in pleasure.

“What is going on with you?” said Valkyrie, moaning gently. “You’re never this bold in public”.

Carol pulled off Valkyrie’s black-leather jacket and shirt, leaving her completely naked, as she kissed down from her neck, Captain Marvel’s lips wrapping around the Queen of Asgard’s nipples; the latter moaning in delight. She felt a new form of wetness against her pussy, as Carol’s kissed one beast with her mouth, rolling the other with her hand; aggressively teasing it with lustful passion. Valkyrie grabbed Carol’s butt and slide one hand inside her blue jeans; making Carol moan, as her fingers traced down over the Valkyrie’s naked body.

It was toned, muscular and irresistibly sexy to Carol; a warrior-women like her, who despite her recent accident, oozed confidence and sexiness to Carol. Her hand slid in-between the Asgardian’s legs, one finger playing with the entrance to her soaking wet pussy, as the Valkyrie stifled a scream. Carol’s fingers teased her, running gently over her clit and then; two slid inside her, as Valkyrie bit Carol’s shoulder to avoid screaming and alerting half-the-party to what was going on. The risk they could be caught at any moment seemed only to excite them further and Carol began throbbing her fingers faster inside Valkyrie.

“Oh fuck me!” said Valkyrie; unable to take any further teasing, as she leapt onto Carol in a flash, her legs wrapping tightly around her as she began to frantically kiss her. However; rather than the reaction she hoped, Carol moaned in pain not pleasure and her knees buckled, as she moaned at her to get off through interlocked tongues, which Valkyrie did. Once she’d stepped back, Carol desperately held herself; clutching in-between her tight blue jeans, as she danced around for several seconds, before finally slowing down and removing her hands, though her legs remained tightly locked together.

“You used me to get horny, so you’d be distracted?”.

“Are you mad?” asked Carol nervously”.

“… No, that’s pretty smart actually; wish I’d thought of it earlier”.

Carol gently laughed, though moaned at doing so and gently fidgeted on the spot. Valkyrie looked towards her sympathetically.

“Carol, you don’t have to act so strong all the time” said the Valkyrie, watching her girlfriend’s subtle desperation; as she attempted to re-hide it.

“You know that’s not so true” said Carol bluntly.

“Trust me, I used to think weakness was feeling stuff; I spent thousands of years drinking away that feeling. It’s not worth it”.

“If I show weakness, the Skrulls could be in danger. The Kree hunt them like dogs and they only avoid their new star-system, because it’s under my protection. If they start thinking I’m weak, millions could suffer, galactic war. I can’t let that happen. Not after what I did to hurt them”.

“That’s not on you” said Valkyrie, frustrated to see Carol’s guilt-complex returning in those moment of stress. “You were lied to, brainwashed and deceived. Trust me, Asgard had its own issue with tricksters and liars and everytime people try to put on a front, it just makes things worse in the long run. Trust me”.

“You know I do” said Carol gently, kissing Valkyrie gently; before hugging her. “But I still can’t risk it. Not today. When things are more stable, then maybe I can afford to make mistakes… until then… higher, further, faster baby”.

Though trying to say the last words confidently, there was a vulnerability in them that Valkyrie couldn’t ignore and her next question was straight to the point.

“You know it’s possible you might lose control tonight, right?”

Carol felt a chill run down her spine at the Valkyrie’s blunt honesty and turned away; angrily.

“I won’t”, she said; though deep-down Carol wasn’t so sure.

Captain Marvel wasn’t the only one trying to hide her desperation. While none of the women in the room wanted to humiliate themselves, there were five others in particular who were suppressing their need more than most.

The first was Natasha Romanoff AKA Black Widow. One of the world’s most talented spies and one of the six OG Avengers, she had a fearsome reputation based on manipulation, intelligence, seduction and a brutal history as a former villain. Dressed in a white-blouse and black-jeans, she had been used to mission assignments where using a bathroom was simply not an option for days at a time and had been trained on how to limit the impact of poisons on her body; with her KGB breathing techniques and seating position currently limiting the spread of the toxin through her bloodstream. Even so, there were cracks in her mirage of calm.

She was subtly squirming on a sofa, every minute or two changing her resting position or subtly playing with her red-hair; twisting it around a finger. During her training in the ‘Red Room’, all the girls had been terrorised for even the slightest displays of humanity, vulnerability and worst of all: Weakness. Natasha still heard the screams of a fourteen-year old Black Widow trainee, a girl named Olyeina. The girls had been practicing subterfuge distraction: Ballet mixed with gunplay. To throw them off, the room’s temperature had been adjusted to over 40 degrees’ heat and though they were provided water and small amounts of food, no bathroom breaks were permitted.

For eight and a-half-hours, they had been training; several of the girls had grown desperate, Natasha included. Each were squirming in their faded pink leotards, their legs clamped where they could; a few girls holding themselves when not displaying their moves to the school’s: ‘Teachers’. Olyeina however had been the most desperate of all, visibly in pain and a bright wet-spot on her leotard; as she squared up for a spinning dance-kill. Halfway through the routine, she had frozen mid-turn as pee began to pour through her leotard, running down her legs and onto the floor of the training studio. One second later, a 54mm bullet had pierced her skull; fired from the instructor’s Dragunov Sniper Rifle.

Try as she might, many of those memories had not left Natasha and though she recognised the fear as irrational, she was terrified that an accident would somehow bring another bullet racing through her; leaving some other poor soul to stare into her blood-filled eyes and become a monster. As such, she hid her need to go as best she could; though this was slowly becoming more difficult.

The second woman who was hiding her needs was Nebula. The former daughter of the Mad-Titan, she was a dark purple sleeveless vest and dark-red trousers, the legs they covered clamped tightly together. She was practically frozen stiff on one of the sofas, only moving her eyes around in paranoia; as if scanning for threats. Over the last year since Thanos’s defeat and her sister’s return, she had begun to properly come out of her shell; yet now she was regressing from fear: Staring angrily, even as Gamora tried to calm her down.

During her upbringing with Thanos, Nebula had been routinely beaten, tortured and ‘upgraded’ for her failures in battle with Gamora. One such time was when the two girls; aged only twelve, were both sent to retrieve an egg from an Abilisk nest. The two had raced to do so, only to disturb the beast with their fighting. In a rare moment of co-operation from their youth, the two sisters had fought to kill it; yet the beast’s enormity had proved hard to overcome. In a key moment, Nebula had counted on her sister for an assist in removing a crucial tentacle of the beast; allowing her to use on of its broken teeth to stab through an eye. However, Gamora had failed to do so and Nebula had been sent flying back into a cave wall, injured, blood pouring from her forehead, dazed and watching with horror as Gamora snuck past the now distracted beast, grabbed the egg and made off back to their father.

Disorientated, Nebula had been terrified of dying at the beast’s hand and when it lunged at her, she had screamed; violently soaking herself in fear, as pee had run down her legs, only the cave’s entrance narrowly blocking the creature from swallowing her hole. Returning to her senses, she had managed to kill the beast only after stabbing it’s left eye over fifty-eight times with the broken tooth; leaving her wounded but alive in the aftermath. Returning bruised, battered and covered in her own pee, Thanos had shown no affection nor mercy for his daughter’s bravery; instead insulting her: ‘Inability to follow my commands’ and ‘The self-control in battle of a weak animal’.

Thanos had broken both her legs for that; shattering them with the hilt of his sword, then ordered her to be operated on; without anaesthesia, in order to remove her ‘childish bladder’ and replace it with an augmented storage capacity, which had caused her severe pain for several years. That was the moment she had stopped believing Gamora would ever be her sister; no matter how much she wanted it, which despite the opposite being true now: The circumstances had brought back this memory and Nebula struggled with both the PTSD of the past and the physical pain of the future.

The third was Okoye, General of the Dora Milaje. Unlike the majority of the women in the room, Okoye had never had an accident past potty-training. As a child, her physical and mental discipline made her an early candidate for a warrior and she had risen through the ranks over the year; until she was Wakanda’s most respected military leader in generations. T’Chaka had once called her: ‘The disciple of discipline’ and King T’Challa himself had introduced her once to a group of domestic-abuse survivors, saying: ‘This woman is a rival to any man; even a Black Panther’. When one of the women at the Wakandan outreach shelter had said that her husband was a trained UFC fighter and regularly beat her, Okoye had visited his home. Four minutes after entering, she had exited with a cup of tea and explained that: ‘It took ten seconds to beat him, your kettle was just slow’. The husband had thirty-four shattered bones and never laid a finger on his wife again.

Now, she sat here in a gorgeous black dress and thin, black cotton panties; slowly feeling her needs creeping up on her for the first time she could remember. She was used to holding for 20+ hours straight without even minor difficulty, so this felt disconcerting and she squirmed about with growing annoyance; uneasy. The Dora Milaje were the pride of Wakanda and she would never allow herself to disgrace that lineage, though as each minute passed, her pride was slowly turning to fear as the need got worse; her feet rhythmically tapping the ground or her pacing the room to avoid cramps.

The fourth was Deputy Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. Maria Hill. Arguably the most powerful woman in western espionage, her journey there had been long and hard, full of sexist discrimination, constant male chauvinism and more than one Agent believing she was a hot lay for Nick Fury; than trying to have their way with her. She had disabused more than a dozen men of that notion, yet knew that even after several years; her position was not wholly secure. While she had Nick Fury’s trust, many of the world’s governments they worked with had less than progressive policies towards women and instinctively distrusted her presence. The slightest sign of unprofessionalism or immaturity would be seized upon by these nations, who would demand her removal. As such, she watched Jemma Simmons anxiously; as she continued to work towards brewing an antidote, hoping she would be able to get one in time.

Dressed in a black leather jacket, dark grey jeans and red-shirt; her long brown hair flowing loose, she had her legs tightly crossed over each other and was subtly pressing against her stomach; trying to help her hold, as she felt a wave of pain rip through her.

“What’s the ETA on that antidote Fitz-Simmons?” demanded Maria; more aggressively than usual.

“I should have an experimental one ready in twenty-minutes ma’am. But…” she tailed off, looking concerned.

“What?”.

“I have very limited supplies” explain Jemma. “At most, I might be able to make two or three; maybe half a dozen. If we don’t get those doors open…”.

“Then a lot more of us are going to end the night like Catholic schoolgirls” said Maria frustratedly.

“Ma’am?” asked Jemma, confused.

“Fucked”.

Jemma nodded.

“Do what you can” said Maria, as another wave of pain ripped through her and she tried her best not to audibly wince. Even if she could hold it until then, she was dreading how they would decide who got it.

The final woman who was trying to suppress her needs was Peggy Carter. Despite appearing to be among the calmest, resting calmly against a wall; only very gently fidgeting, she was actually doing the worst of all. She had let out a small leak into her white cotton panties just over two minutes ago and was sweating profusely with worry, realising that she could barely hold on any longer. She felt ashamed and stupid, yet frustrated at the same time.

Several in the room had turned to her for supportive words; struggling with their own impending accidents, expecting the WW2 legend to have some magical ability to hold on. However, she was nearly at her breaking point and in her mind; why shouldn’t she be? She hadn’t used the bathroom for several hours and had been poisoned, hit with a high dosage as she had already drunk two full champagne glass before learning the truth.

Despite the times for women being more progressive, Peggy could see that they still; sub-consciously, expected her as a woman from a bygone era to be ‘stronger’ than them. Made of sterner stuff. It frustrated her to no end and she began to sway on the spot, feeling an impending accident but desperately trying to hold it; as her knees bent slightly together, an imminent sign of release. She felt vulnerable and sick to her stomach at the thought of a public accident. Growing up, women had access to virtually none of the positions they did now and every attempt at her to progress came with constant mockery and testing; attempting to discredit her. One time, she remembered being put on assignment with a field operative who would report every time she used the facilities to relieve herself; despite him always taking far, far longer. It had led to her holding for up to 14 hours at a time, often racing home to her own apartment; barely making it to the loo.

At the end of their latest assignment, they had been on stakeout for seventeen hours; only to be involved in a shootout that left him injured and her having to perform emergency medical; all while bursting to use the toilet. She had escorted him to hospital and finally been given relief to return home by her superior; who had to throw in a comment about her ‘beautiful ass’ before he went, as she struggled to get back in time.

She had her hand shoved between her black pinstripe skirt that day, climbing the steps to her apartment, the top of her stockings damp and her large undergarments sodden to the touch. Tendrils of pee were snaking down her legs by the time she got her front door open and she had left a trail of drops all the way to her bathroom door, only failing at the very last hurdle. The moment she had stepped onto her cold bathroom floor, her body had frozen up; the coldness against her feet making the thin line between control and despair snap, causing her to lose control.

Peggy Carter, former Bletchley Park Code Breaker and an extraordinary champion for women’s rights, had wet herself less than 2 ft. from her toilet, as pee flooded from her exhausted bladder, racing through her large, blue grandma style knickers and causing a wet spot to expand rapidly on her skirt; as pee flowed down her legs like a waterfall. It had been burning hot, yet the feeling sent a chill down her spine as she screamed in frustration, collapsing onto the floor in exhaustion as a puddle spread around her bum, legs and half her body was completely soaked; while Peggy’s eyes filled with tears. Over twenty-hours-worth of pee and her dignity had flowed onto that bathroom floor, as Peggy sat in silence; watching herself lose control with a cold indifference once the accident was in full swing, observing it as if a science experiment. She could picture everything her colleagues would say if they ever found out: 

‘Mrs. Carter, are you sure a woman with your… temperament, is suited for this line of work?’.

‘Look everyone, Pissy Peggy’s here to save the day!’.

‘This everyone is why you don’t send a woman to do a man’s work’.

Eventually, her accident had abated and she’d sat there; unmoving for several minutes. Then, as if something within her had snapped, she began smashing most of the things in her bathroom: Shampoos were sent spinning into the bathtub; lids torn, towels were ripped, makeup drenched in her piss and the mirror shattered; Peggy eventually calming and staring at her own tear-stained reflection in the mirror. That was six-months before she met Steve Rogers and it had been the lowest moment of her life. The next morning, she had gone into work as usual: Calm, collected; not rising to the insults and sexism around her, brushing off her own emotions and ensuring no one else ever learned of them. Yet here she was now, her old pain resurfacing and feeling incredibly alone; as her desperation was threatening to overwhelm her.

Suddenly, Kamala Khan walked past her; clearly badly struggling also, her legs constantly criss-crossing, though everytime Carol Danvers came near, Kamala froze up, shrunk her body to normal size and acted as if nothing was wrong, only to desperately clutch her re-expanded body once Carol was out of the way; in even more pain than before from the deception.

“Why are you hiding it from her?” asked Peggy, momentarily distracted from her own desperation.

Kamala turned; blushing bright red as she realised Peggy had seen her, as she tried to stand still and act casual, though her badly shaking legs gave away the deception.

“W-what, I’m not trying to hide anything” said Kamala defensively, as she tried desperately not to fidget.

Peggy raised an eyebrow at her and the eighteen-year-old Kamala sighed, crossing her legs and blushing.

“Okay, yeah… I just… she’s my hero” said Kamala, tears in her eyes; as she bounced up and down on the spot. “Like, you’re all my heroes but she’s the hero for me. When I was being bullied at school or called a suicide bomber or my parents were struggling for money, she was the one thing I could count on in my life. It’s just…”.

Kamala began to quietly sob, now openly holding herself in front of Peggy Carter; both hands shoved in-between her blue jeans, as the older woman’s heart went out for her. She could see some of her old spark; as well as her teenage fears, inside the poor girl and forced her own needs aside; with some difficulty, to put a hand on her shoulder.

“Kamala” she said gently, as she the young hero looked up. “We often try to be too much for the world around us, going beyond what we should be and making ourselves suffer for no reason. Carol seems a kind, understanding person. She’s not going to judge you should anything happen. So why should you judge yourself?”.

Kamala thought about this for several seconds, as Peggy’s words hit home, though Kamala still felt rough.

“Because… I want to be worthy of her. I want her to know I’m not just some stupid kid who thought it would be cool to steal her name. I want to be worthy of where I am, I mean, this is Avengers tower, how cool is that!” beamed Kamala; momentarily forgetting herself, as Peggy smiled at her enthusiasm.

“But you’re all… amazing. I mean, there’s queens and super spies and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents and… you know, actually impressive people here. Captain Marvel fought Thanos one-on-one, the original Wasp stopped a nuclear missile, you fought the Nazis! You’re all legends and I’m just…”.

“You’re more than enough, that’s what you are” said Peggy Carter firmly, as a searing pain ripped through her body; though she remained calm and still. “Most of those women here are going to have probably had accidents before tonight’s done; regardless of whether they’re legends or not… including me”.

“What? No, you won’t; you’re Peggy Carter”.

“I’m afraid it’s happening right now”.

Kamala’s eyes widened in surprise, staring in disbelief as she watched pee flood down Peggy Carter’s legs; running in thick strands, as she stood firm; smiling gently at Kamala, before wincing in pain as her stomach cramped with pain, then release. Peggy felt a thick log of shit slowly emerge from her asshole, pushing deeply into and against her white cotton panties; filling the air around her with the smell of crap.

Kamala was too stunned to even notice, shocked at this mature-hero; one of her main icons, completely wetting herself in front of her. The pee ran over Peggy’s black-heeled shoes; spreading into several trickling streams, as she moaned gently with pleasure. The feeling of relief was desperately needed and she saw Kamala; as well as several others, staring at her in shock but refused to let herself be shaken by it. Instead, she continued wetting herself; small brown rivers of piss dripping down the back of her legs and filling her heels, as she embraced the humiliation by refusing to let it dominate her.

Finally, after a solid minute of Peggy losing control; Kamala’s own desperation outweighed her shock and seeing Peggy wet herself made that same need go into overdrive. Turning away just as Peggy’s accident ended, she ran up a flight of stairs to the abandoned indoor balcony; desperately clutching at herself, wanting to try and hide her desperation alone and away from witnessing any more accidents that could break her focus.

“Right, well; now that that’s done with” muttered Peggy to herself, heading towards the kitchen to see if there were any fresh towels. As she did, she passed by Carol Danvers.

“Mrs. Danvers, if I may?”.

“Of course, what is it?”.

“Have you met Kamala Khan yet?”.

“No, I haven’t had time tonight yet” admitted Carol.

“Well I suggest you make it. She’s a few minutes away from an accident and if she loses control while you’re here, it’s going to shatter her. She needs you. She needs to know it’s okay”.

Kamala was stood against the balcony rail; both hands shoved down the inside of her jeans and clutching tightly, her belly bloated to five times its normal size, as she considered her options. She could give in and lose contr- “NO”, she thought frustratedly; as she danced desperately on the spot, pacing in a small circle. She could try gently leaking on purpose to ease the pressure. Cautiously, she let out a tiny spurt and was barely able to clamp it shut after a full second of peeing into her blue-red-and-white striped cotton knickers. She looked in panic for a wet spot on her trousers and couldn’t see one; sighing with relief, though she couldn’t afford any more leaks. What else could she do? She could give in and lose contro- “NO, NO, NO” she thought; as she furiously chided herself for drinking that stupid champagne.

Suddenly, she heard a gentle creaking and realised that somebody was coming up the balcony. She shrunk back to normal size; though the pain of doing so to her bladder was agony. She prayed it was Jemma Simmons with the antidote. Or Shuri with some nanotech solution. Peggy Carter with advice, Black Widow with recommendations; ANYBODY, just not…

“Hey” said Carol Danvers, reaching the balcony walkway.

Kamala froze as stiff as a board; both star-struck and terrified. She’d imagined meeting Carol a thousand times: During hero duty, at a press conference after, she’d rehearsed the conversation for a dozen different scenarios but had never thought to prepare for what to say if her hero found her; on the verge of the worst accident of her life, about to piss and shit her jeans in front of her.

“Hi” said Kamala, unable to speak.

“I’ve been wanting to meet you for a while, I heard about you taking my moniker”.

Kamala’s heart stopped, if Carol hated her for that and she lost control in front of her; she would die on the spot.

“I’m honoured” said Carol, smiling and Kamala breathed a slight sigh of relief.

“Thanks” said Kamala, smiling nervously. “You’re… amazing. I… I wanted to be like you”.

“That means a lot to me” said Carol, as she slowly walked towards Kamala; who seemed to be frightened the closer she got. “But you know that, you’re enough, right?”.

Kamala could barely think through the searing pain in her bladder, as she started to unconsciously squirm on the spot.

“What?”.

“You’re enough as you” explained Carol. “Just because you have my title, it doesn’t mean you have to… be me. Or live up to me. You should just be you”.

“Thanks” said Kamala, for the first time in her life; wanting to be anywhere else but with Carol Danvers right now. Her whole body was vibrating with fear and desperation, which Carol saw and sighed gently; before placing a hand on her shoulder.

“You can let go. It’s okay”.

Kamala felt like her world was burning down around her, here she was on the verge of a full-blown accident and Carol could see right through her. The humiliation was too much and she began to cry; sobbing violently as Carol pulled her in for a hug, knowing the girl had only seconds left before it happened.

“I’m sorry… i’m sorry” said Kamala; broken, through pained sobs.

“There’s nothing to be sorry for Kamala” said Carol; stroking the young girl’s black hair to sooth her.

“I’m a disappointment” she moaned, as Carol lifted her chin up to look her directly in the eyes. She could see a wet spot on the front of Kamala’s jeans; the size of a baseball, with her legs chattering so violently, Carol was afraid the poor girl was going to pass out.

“No you’re not. You’ll never be a disappointment to me” said Carol Danvers, as Kamala’s eyes lit up with surprise.

“You can let it go”.

Carol’s words were all it took to begin the inevitable, as she watched in surprise as the young girl’s stomach bloated out to ridiculous size; almost making her look pregnant, before Kamala’s legs somehow shook even more violently as she begun to violently wet herself. Pee ran down them faster than Carol had ever seen anyone; except for Daisy, lose control. Her blue jeans turned a darker shade and every dry bit of fabric was now soaking wet, as pee flowed from Kamala’s exhausted muscles; drenching through her sodden cotton panties.

Kamala felt her pee drench every bit of her legs, pee running over her knees and calves, splashing up onto her thighs, filling up her trainers and as she continued to pee herself, her ass released itself without any further hesitation. Shit began to expand and fill her panties, quickly staining the bum of her blue jeans a dark brown; as a dozen streaks of brown piss flowed out from her bum, as Kamala squatted in exhaustion, collapsing after a few seconds as tears continued to flow down her face.

Even with Carol’s approval, she felt utterly stupid; humiliating herself like this in front of her hero. She looked into Carol’s sympathetic eyes and was torn between feeling safe and utterly worthless, re-assured by Carol’s non-judgmental observation of the situation; disgusted by the voice in her head telling her she was a dumb teenager who thought she could be cool around the Avengers and had now humiliated herself.

Shit continued to fill her jeans, so much that it was filling the inside of her trousers and falling out through the edge; smearing her socks, covered the floor around her with brown, mushy shit. Kamala sighed with relief, annoyance and shame, as Carol carefully sat opposite her; neither saying anything for the next few minutes.

“So yeah… this is why they say don’t meet your heroes. You act like an idiot in front of them” said Kamala bitterly.

Carol laughed gently at the comment and; seeing Kamala desperately needed to stop idolising her, lifted the hem of her shirt. Kamala looked and saw a large scar, running from her naval to the hem of her trousers. She also noticed the gentle aura of her binary powers glowing around her stomach.

“You see this? I got this scar as an air-force pilot. You know how it happened?”.

“Probably something amazing, like you got shot down taking out an enemy base”.

“I wish!” laughed Carol. “I got into a bar fight and lost. Badly”.

Kamala looked shocked.

“You?”.

“Yeah, all the time back then. These four biker creeps were groping a waitress, I knocked one of them out but I was drunk and stupid. The other three pinned me and this big asshole sliced me with a broken beer bottle, my friend Monica saved my life; pulled a pistol on them and told them if they laid one more finger on them, she’d shoot their dicks off”.

Kamala momentarily burst out laughing.

“She sounds fucking awesome!” said Kamala excitedly, before looking embarrassed at having sworn. “Sorry”.

“No, you’re right. She is fucking awesome. Her and Lieutenant Trouble”.

“Who?”.

“Her daughter” smiled Carol fondly. “Anyway, Monica gets me an ambulance but before the paramedics arrive, I’m bleeding, I’m frightened, I’m drunk… I was scared… I wet myself” admitted Carol quietly.

“You… you did?” asked Kamala shocked.

Carol nodded.

“I know you feel like a dumb kid right now but I was older than you when that happened and you have a much better reason than I did! We’ve all been poisoned”.

“You had a good reason too!” said Kamala, defensive of her hero; even against self-criticism. “You were defending the woman”.

“True… Kamala, can I tell you something else?”.

Kamala nodded.

“You see this?” she said, gesturing to the display of her energy circling around her stomach.

“Yeah, your binary powers” recognised Kamala.

“I’ve only got this going, because if it wasn’t going against my stomach right now, I’d have already wet myself”.

“Wait, what? Seriously?”.

Carol nodded shyly.

“My bladder’s just regular old human and I tried a bit of the cake, before Jane did” explained Carol. “If it wasn’t for my powers, I’d have gone already and… I can’t afford to. A lot of Skrull lives depend on me not appearing… vulnerable” she said, choosing her words carefully; so as not to upset Kamala about her own accident. Now that she’d confessed, she began holding herself openly; helping with some much needed relief, though she was still in huge-pain; clutching herself tightly.

Kamala considered this for several seconds, clearly stunned that her hero was in such need; watching her desperately squirming was a true ‘down to earth’ moment, as her father liked to say whenever her ambitions got too fanciful. Suddenly, her face lit up.

“I can increase my body’s size and strength. I could get you and me out, down to the hallway bathrooms. If you can hold on till then, I can force the doors open quickly. I couldn’t do it for myself and safely get through” she explained, unknowingly highlighting the same problem that had doomed Jessica Jones to an accident earlier. “But I could hold it open for you. Maybe the others too”.

Carol smiled in appreciation, as the two women stood up; Kamala feeling confident, despite being covered in piss and shit in front of her hero.

“I owe you one Kamala… looks like you’re my hero for today”.

Kamala beamed with happiness at the approval; feeling on top of the world, she probably would have jumped with delight if not for the fear that tonnes of shit would come pouring out from her trousers. Walking to the balcony’s edge, they began to gradually make their way down the steps; watching as a commotion was coming to its end.

TEN MINUTES EARLIER

As Carol went up the balcony to comfort a bursting Kamala, a series of rapid-fire accidents occurred; each set off by the other. Wanda Maximoff; in her trademark red-jacket, wearing black jeans and grey trainers, was dancing desperately outside the bathroom door. Behind her was Melinda May, Pepper Potts and Nakia; all in varying states or urgent desperation. Melinda was jiggling about frantically on the spot; her butt shaking inside her black trousers, while Pepper frantically paced back and forth in a small circle; her knees buckling every few seconds, a smell tendril of pee on one leg.

“F.R.I.D.A.Y., goddamn you, listen to me!” screamed Pepper into her smart-watch; personally designed by Tony Stark. “This is Pepper Potts, open the fucking doors, now!”.

“I’m sorry, I do not recognise your authority at this time” the voice replied; as Pepper screamed in anger once more.

Nakia was holding herself tightly; her bladder strength finally on the verge of cracking, as she turned towards Princess Shuri.

“My liege… forgive me. I cannot hold on any longer… do I have your leave?” she asked, her voice breaking on the last word.

Shuri nodded and not a second too soon, for immediately after, Nakia’s brown trousers began to expand with shit; not noticeably changing the colour, though a mid-shaped, dull wet patch began to form around her ass and spreading down her legs. Due to the tightness of her clothing, very little leaked out around her but the sight of piss spreading over the trousers was too much for Pepper; who then screamed in pain. The beige colouring of her business skirt began to darken and she cried out in relief and shock as pee burst through her fingers, pouring down her legs and drenching onto the floor, as shit filled her creamy knickers fast and dropped through the weak fabric in large clumps onto the floor; the horrendous smell filling the air, as Melinda and Wanda both gagged, the distraction enough to shatter their willpower.

As Wanda began to lose control, her eyes lit up red and she ripped the bathroom door off in frustration with her powers; revealing Lady Sif, still sitting in her puddle, despondent; who leapt to her feet in shock and fear at the sight of the angry witch. Wanda mentally grabbed her with her mind, pulling the Asgardian warrioress out as she fell onto one of the reception’s sofas; n nearly colliding into Gamora. Yet as she moved forwards, a wet patch slowly growing on the front of her trousers, another Uru metal sheet came over the bathroom door. Wanda tried to stop it but they were resistant to oppositional magic and the door slammed shut, as Wanda beat against it; screaming with rage, as piss soaked through her black jeans. A large log of shit then followed and though Wanda held it back with her powers for a few seconds, she collapsed to the floor as every woman in the room reacted to the bathroom being sealed off.

Nebula and Maria Hill in particular looked the most devastated; the former tearing up in self-hatred, the latter turning to Jemma in anger.

“Agent, how long!” she screamed, her own desperation at breaking point, as she openly held herself between her legs; clutching tightly to hold in the burning contents of her bladder.

“Wait, wait… I’ve got it!”.

Every woman in the room turned towards this announcement with a hopeful stare.

“I need someone with pure alien physiology to try it first” said Jemma. “If I’ve got this wrong, if one of you takes it; it will kill you. For non-earth biology, it should only make you throw up… probably”.

“That’s re-assuring” said Mantis, whose sapphire green dress was tucked between her legs; as she fidgeted on the spot.

“It’s got to be either you, Gamora or Nebula” said Jemma, as all eyes in the room turned to them.

Gamora was dancing openly on the spot, clearly desperate; while Nebula was practically vibrating, on the verge of an accident but unwilling to admit it. Mantis was similarly close but could broadly sense their desperation and her empathetic nature compelled her decision.

“Give it to one of them” said Mantis.

Gamora smiled at her, as Nebula felt an icy chill go across her spine. It had come down to her and her sister again. She knew how this story would go. She’d go to grab the formula, Gamora would knock her down and take it for herself; kicking her in the stomach to ensure she’d lose control. Everyone would watch as Nebula humiliated herself, piss pouring through her dark-red trousers and they would laugh at her. She felt herself tear up, she was going to be humiliated, she could her father’s insulting words ringing in her ears and knew that; like always, Gamora was about to-

“Give it to Nebula”.

Nebula’s train of thought came crashing down, as she looked towards her sister in shock. She knew the voice was hers, yet couldn’t believe it and stared in disbelief.

“What game is this?” asked Nebula aggressively; holding herself tightly between her legs. “Are you trying to humiliate me?”.

“No games Nebula… just me trying to make up for a lifetime of being a really shitty sister” said Gamora, as she grabbed the formula from Jemma and put in Nebula’s hand.

Nebula had been so angry and terrified a few moments ago; yet now that she had it, a sense of guilt washed over her.

“I don’t deserve it; you should have it” said Nebula.

“Yes you do, now take it”.

“No, I doubted you, I’m a bad person, you’ve always been worthier than me”.

“Nebula, no”.

“Gamora, please! I don’t deserve it, I…”.

Nebula’s voice tailed off in shock as Gamora uncrossed her legs and sighed deeply, choosing to lose control as Nebula stared in shock and the room watched them. Piss flowed down Gamora’s tight black-trousers, spreading over legs and running over boots; forming a puddle around them, as she looked Nebula dead-in-the-eye, who was staring at her and silently crying. Gamora felt her ass-cheeks spread, as shit filled her panties and trousers; squelching loudly as the smell added to the already shitty aroma of the room. Even so, she was smiling at Nebula as she stroked her face gently.

“I’m sorry I was such a terrible sister… now please, take it”.

Nebula stared at her for a few more moments; with a love that had never been there before, then quickly swallowed the formula; as the room waited nervously, staring towards Nebula for any sign of the antidote being poisonous.

The cyborg waited, feeling the pressure on her bladder and ass quickly receding; as the pain began to quickly drop, the need returning under her control.

“It works” said Nebula, smiling; a genuine smile of happiness for the first time in so many years.

The room cheered, as Beth the Waitress emerged from the kitchen; holding fresh towels. At this exact moment, Carol and Kamala began to walk down the balcony steps and realised what must be happening; Carol grinning in delight.

“Right!” said Jemma, as several women went to hug her; even a few who’d had accidents already. “Deputy director Hill; ma’am, you’re up fir-”.

She never finished her sentence. Beth had carelessly walked towards the group; slipping over the puddle of urine left by Pepper, crashing down onto the makeshift workshop table. The bags of formula Jemma had prepared were crushed between several dozen broken champagne glasses and Beth’s body, rendering the formula lost and worthless; as every single person’s face widened in horror.

“No!”.

Maria Hill screamed, perhaps in response to what just happened; perhaps for what happened only a few seconds later. Unable to cope with coming so close, Maria moaned in pain as tears rolled down her face, moans of despair as she felt her career, dignity and control slip from her poisoned body in a matter of seconds. A dark wet patch spread across her jeans, small at first but getting bigger every second; as her bum propelled shit into her panties at an alarmingly fast rate, the pain that had built up for over an hour finally expelled into her clothing.

Maria screamed and cursed, sobbing as she shit herself horrifically in front of her colleagues; while utterly drenching herself in the process, the pee now utterly soaking her jeans and dripping into a puddle around her, that she now fell into in shame and self-loathing. Lady Sif; recovered from her violent bathroom eviction, watched with particular guilt and understanding: Wishing she could help her. Fellow S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Melinda, Jemma and Daisy tried to comfort their superior but nothing they were saying was truly helping; for she knew the scale of what this meant if it got out, which she had already figured, it would somehow. She knew from years of intelligence experience: Nothing stays secret for long.

She had no idea just how right she would end up being.

As Maria collapsed into her puddle, Hope and Janet Pym; mother and daughter, stood staring at each other, desperately fidgeting and nodding. They had been holding throughout this entire evening, growing more and more desperate; almost in sync with each other’s desperation, as Hope had looked towards her mother for guidance. Both proud women, neither wanted to lose control in front of strangers but they had been left with fewer and fewer options as the night went on. Now, they were both at their breaking point. Hope’s black business suit was full of creases from all the fidgeting she had been doing for some time; her hands stuffed firmly between her legs, while her mother’s matching style grey one already had a small wet spot on her bum and she had been rocking back and forth on seats for some time. Neither could wet more than another minute without having an accident and both knew it.

“Ready?” asked Janet.

“Ready” replied Hope.

“This is going to hurt”.

The two simultaneously took shrinking pills; both generations of the Wasp unable to hold any longer, yet both wanting to avoid public humiliation. Each always carried around an emergency shrink pill; though doing it via chemicals ingested; rather than their suits, was always exceptionally painful. The two ran across the floor; screaming in pain, towards a nearby flower pot, which they clambered onto and collapsed into its soil.

There; unable to hold for another second longer, Hope felt the pee burst out of her black business suit intensely, soaking her trousers and running down her legs. As she was laying down, the pee also spread onto her back; which she groaned in disgust at, while her mother began to wet herself kneeling. The mature woman’s grey underwear filled with shit, piss bursting through seconds after as the speed of her accident intensified and she began to shit herself more intensely; the brownish mess spreading over her knees, as pee surrounded her in the soil.

Her daughter meanwhile had tried to pull down her business pants in time to shit into the soil, only to slip in her own pee-dampened soil and shit through her pink underwear; a colour she’d never admit she liked, halfway into the soil through her half exposed bum, while the other half fell back down into her trousers and ran awkwardly down her leg, causing the shit to spread all the way down to her ankles.

“Ugh, this is gross” said Hope; moaning softly in pain and relief.

“I had a few worse accidents in the Quantum realm when I first got trapped there… but not many” admitted Janet, her accident finally come to a halt.

“I’m sorry I lost control” said Hope, sitting up; as her mother came over and sat beside her.

“Why are you apologising? It’s not your fault” said Janet re-assuringly.

“I just thought you’d be disappointed in me” said Hope, a fragility to her tone that few rarely ever got to hear.

Janet hugged her daughter close.

“I’m not your father” said Janet gently. “He may be tough on everyone who doesn’t have 180 IQ points but I will always be proud of you”.

Hope leaned her head against her mother’s shoulder, enjoying being comforted by her; as she stroked her daughter’s hair. Janet knew her headstrong daughter would never admit it but she had lost out on a lot of the affection she should have had in her childhood, so she greatly treasured these tender moments of affection with her long-lost mother. Knowing that nothing else needed to be said, the two women sat there; drenched, their trousers full of shit, just enjoying each other’s company and finding a moment of peace and tranquillity in a bad situation.

Theirs’ was the only one however. While the Wasps had evaded public humiliation, their remaining colleagues were not going to be so lucky. Okoye; that paragon of strength, had hit her breaking point. Shuri and Nakia could see her pacing the room, scanning the environment in a bitter panic, trying to find some way to avert the situation, as her legs were now tightly locked together and she was forced to regularly grab herself; a humiliating display for a Dora Milaje. Black Widow was doing just as badly, constantly squirming and buckling her legs together on the spot; as she tried to hack into the tower mainframe using Pepper Pott’s laptop, standing and dancing in front of it. It was hopeless.

Natasha was a brilliant spy and versatile in all her skills, however the Avengers tower defence was designed to repel a cyber-attack as advanced as the Ultron AI. She knew she couldn’t break through and panic was swelling through her with each moment this became clearer, though she hadn’t yet admitted this fully to herself.

“Come on Stark, you must have made a mistake somewhere” she said out-loud, a desperate form of self-convincing.

Captain Marvel and Kamala Khan’s plan to break through the door had gone awry, as when they tried to lift it; unlike the bathroom Jessica had broken into, this had a secondary deadlock system that caused more than fifty Vibranium beams to reseal the edges, which Kamala and Carol were now racing to remove. Carol’s legs were trembling, her binary powers were now on display over her entire body and while not fully active, she was having to use a large percentage of her power just to stay at this level of not losing control; which in and of itself was tenuous and wouldn’t last much longer.

However, it was Mantis whose body was unable to take the pressure any further. Her sapphire green-dress had been caught between her legs for some time and everytime she had touched anyone who had lost control that night, she had been able to feel the complex mixture of emotions around it: Humiliation, relief, frustration, exhaustion. It was making her feel drained and she needed the mental relief to feel balanced again. Tired of squirming around, dancing painfully on the spot and most of all; being mentally exhausted, she stopped wriggling. She might have been able to hold it for another minute or two but was no longer concerned with the pain, instead choosing to simply stop prolonging the inevitable.

“Everyone, I’m afraid I can no longer hold on” explained Mantis, her awkward social skills highlighting her upcoming accident to everyone. “I hope nobody feels put off by this but I’m afraid I have to let go now”.

“It’s fine Mantis” said Gamora comfortingly, Nebula awkwardly but sincerely nodding in agreement. “Just go”.

Mantis went to unzip her dress; intending to remove her clothes, before peeing in a corner of the room.

“My zipper’s jammed!” she said; frightened.

Gamora and Nebula went over, hoping they could ensure 2 of the 3 Guardians attendees didn’t wet themselves tonight. Gamora tugged at the zip; while Nebula tried to rip it from underneath, yet somehow: Neither worked.

“Mantis, what is this dress made of, Cotati Metal fibres?” complained Gamora, as she yanked hard at the zipper, while Nebula tried to rip it from several different angles, yet somehow couldn’t.

“It’s just silk!” protested Mantis, as she felt the intense pain burning through her bladder worse than ever before; her knees twisting around each other.

“Stop moving” said Nebula frustratedly.

“I can’t! I… I…”.

Nebula pulled her arm back in horror as she felt urine fall onto it, Gamora also stepping back; as Mantis lost complete control and began to completely wet herself. She moaned in relief as her cotton green panties were soaking in seconds, then fell to her knees in ecstasy and her antenna glowed white as the shit came racing out of her asshole; Mantis moaning in ecstasy as the relief finally coursed through her body. A powerful empath, this amount of relief was overwhelming her senses and she could feel a knot of pleasure build within her, as pee flooded over throbbing clit and the pulsating spread of shit out of her ass; into her sodden green panties, sent her crazy with lustful relief.

Nebula watched in confusion, as Gamora looked away; realising exactly what was happening, blushing slightly as Mantis let out a scream of pleasure as the wave that had been building inside her came down and she felt herself tip into an extremely powerful orgasm. Her clit; sent into a throbbing rage, now sent waves of pleasure running up and down her spine and she fell forwards onto the floor, her hand accidentally brushing Nebula and transmitting the feelings of pleasure into her brain. Nebula gasped at the intensity of it, biting her lip in shock; having almost never had sexual thoughts, this raw transmitting of lust into her brain overwhelmed her and she clasped her legs to prevent her own body tipping into orgasm, as Mantis began to moan in pleasure on the floor, soaking in a puddle of her own pee. Her green dress was soaked, her body drenched; yet she looked happier than anyone else had that entire night.

Okoye meanwhile had turned away from looking at this accident; the spectacle not helping her own desperate feelings, as she went back to sit on the sofa, yet she had minutes left too; if that. Her long black legs were constantly crossing and uncrossing, sweat was pouring down her body and Okoye’s entire body was shaking with desperation; as her body trembled, staring forwards in shame. She could feel her control slipping away and couldn’t accept it, she’d never been trained to accept forced humiliation like this without the ability to fight back. A single tear ran down her left eye, as her accident imminently approached.

“Okoye, just let it go. We’ve all basically done it now. You’ve held it long enough”.

“The Dora Milaje never surrender” said Okoye, her voice breaking. “I can hold it”.

“You can’t” insisted Nakia.

Okoye growled angrily at her; though knew she was right, as Shuri sat to her left side.

“Okoye… you are honour-bound to obey me and my family, yes?” asked Shuri.

She looked at her.

“Of course my princess” said Okoye, confused at where this was going.

“Okoye… I need you to stop holding… if you hold on and I’m seen not to… people will think me weak… I need you to let go, for my honour. That is an order”.

Okoye’s eyes widened, as she realised what the princess was doing. By commanding her to wet herself; rather than letting Okoye have an accident, Shuri was taking the responsibility for her actions and ensuring that Okoye would not be seen as the first Dora Milaje in history to lose control of themselves. Instead, she would be seen as acting on the royal family’s orders to protect their reputation and not outshine them; a historical recording she could far more easily accept: Bringing her no dishonour, only a recognition for doing a grim duty in a situation full of bad choices. Okoye’s eyes teared up in gratitude, as she bowed her head gratefully to the princess and took a deep breath.

“Okoye… let go”.

Her body shuddered, then shuddered again and finally; Okoye breathed out, finally allowing herself to lose control.

She felt the warm sensation spread through her black panties, drenching her clean-shaven pussy in hot-piss; before running over her bum and soaking into the sofa, as the puddle spread down her legs. The piss flowed freely down the warrior’s long legs, vast amounts spreading down and running into the floor, as she shook with relief and shame; knowing the truth that this would have happened one way or the other, had Shuri not given her consent. Her black dress was wet in several areas and growing damper still by the minute, as Okoye felt the dreaded shit come through her body and realised; to her horror, that it wasn’t solid. Liquid shit exploded into her panties, easily overfilling them as she stood up to save the sofa and rivers of liquid-crap spurted intensely down Okoye’s legs; utterly covering everything under her dress in filth, as Nakia and Shuri gagged and gave themselves some distance.

Okoye felt the mess spread over her feet, into her shoes and felt utterly repulsed to her core; this single act the moment the least ‘her’ thing she and probably anyone else in that room could imagine. Nevertheless, she stood tall and refused to cry any further; simply letting her body finish what it had to, as the accident slowed to a halt. Even by the standards of the night, it was bad and there were two more who were still holding on.

Natasha Romanov had gotten herself into an absolute state: Long abandoning the computer, she was now trying to desperately punch through the walls; hoping to find a safety wire to trip the system, something she also knew wouldn’t be accessible in a building with security this good. She was dancing on the spot like a ballet dancer trapped in an endless routine: Jiggling, moaning, shoving both hounds down her jeans and tightly gripping her pussy; balling her hands into fists to hold against stomach and pussy, yet nothing was going to stop it now. A wet spot; the size of a dinner plate, was on the back of her jeans and she felt herself began to breath heavily; hyper-ventilating, sweating rapidly, her eyes darting as she descended into a terrifying panic-attack, as Natasha lost herself in her mind’s eye:

“Miss please… please don’t! I can hold it, I swear! I’m not like Olyeina, I’m a good girl, I’ll be a Black Widow”.

A young Natasha; sixteen or seventeen, was pleading with the instructor, who had the Dragunov Sniper Rifle aimed directly at her. She was dressed once more in a pink leotard, a shiny wet spot on its front; as young Natasha had her legs criss-crossed tightly, yet it was slowly expanding regardless, as she continued to lose control, the pee slowly running down her legs and staining her leotard.

“You are a disgrace” came the voice, calm and eerie; before she heard a gunshot.

Natasha gasped and two seconds later, her accident in Avengers Tower began in full-force. Her anus puckered, expanded and then drenched her black underwear and jeans with mushy shit; bursting through at several point and running down her legs, the Black Widow’s strength mentally and physically shattered; as she lost control in an utterly humiliating fashion. So much shit poured down her legs, that her black jeans a damp brown from her butt right down to her knees on the back. Her farts were loud, smelled awful and made everyone aware of the fact that the famous super-spy was unloading into her clothing like a little girl.

“Пиздец” moaned Natasha; in her native Russian, as she tried to take a step forward; causing her to begin peeing in earnest.

The wetness spread over Natasha’s body, as she shook in terror; fearing the bullet that would race through her skull any second as she collapsed to her knees, pissing herself violently through her filled panties and shit-soaked jeans. She trembled and hot tears ran down her face, as she waited for the bullet to pierce her skull; as her tears joined her puddle, she sobbed and waited and waited…

Yet that never came. As her accident came to an end, she looked around and while she felt humiliated to have been embarrassed so publically, there was no bullet. Olyeinas’ blood-soaked eyes were not staring back at her, nor was the instructor standing over her. The Red Room was gone. The pain was gone. Though Natasha had lost control, she had never felt more assured in who she was: An Avenger; the tortured spy-assassin no more, she was free.

As Natasha sat in a relieved daze, Captain and Mrs. Marvel were trying to break open the door; having barely got through half the beams, when suddenly, Carol felt an intense burning in her body that made her scream in pain.

“No, no, no, no, NO!!!”.

Her last scream coincided with her body going into full binary mode, as Carol flew around the room; smashing into walls, desperate for a way out, yet everywhere was blocked by Uru metal. She landed back on the ground and the entire room watched as she unleashed her full powers against the bathroom door slider. Carol screamed with rage as Kamala watched in awe, the raw might of her powers; borne from the Space Stone itself, causing even the Uru to creak and hiss with fury; as the metal slowly began to heat towards boiling. The rest watched with shock as the metal slider slowly was staring to melt, if Carol could keep this up for another minute; she’d be through and might avoid having an accident.

Then; as if flipping a light-switch, Carol’s body suddenly came out of its binary state and she looked helplessly as her powers evaporated into nothingness. Carol then screamed in pain at the agony ripping through her bladder, renewed a 100x worse than before as Kamala and Valkyrie stared in horror:

“You can still hold it” encouraged Kamala.

“Carol, hold on” said Valkyrie, looking into her lover’s eyes.

She tried to do just that: To stay still; to keep it in, to re-activate her powers, something, anything but nothing worked and finally, it happened. It happened as she danced and squirmed, twisted and contorted, pulled and pleaded, sobbed and screamed, her entire body fighting to be free of the poison that had infected it and the pain that had consumed it.

The entire room watched as Captain Marvel, one of the most powerful heroes in the galaxy, the defender of the Skrulls, the terror of Nova, Kreesbane, the hero who singlehandedly brought down Thanos’s capital ship and even briefly stood toe-to-toe against the mad-titan himself…

The Avengers watched as Captain Marvel completely lost control of her bladder and began to have the worst accident in superhero history.

Carol’s jeans exploded with crap, her ass pouring gallons of liquefied shit straight through her panties and overwhelming her jeans so quickly; it began to leak through in a dozen horrendous streams that the entire room could smell in all its horrifying glory. Her face was a picture of terror, despair and shame; tears rolling, her lips trembling, as the shit ran so thick and fast, it formed a puddle around her as if it was urine; yet even by that standard, the puddle was massive. The pain was burning through her like fire and she could hear herself sobbing; yet could barely comprehend the true scale of this disaster, as every woman in the room watched with differing reactions.

Jemma Simpsons; who had seen the effects of diuretics on people many times, gasped in shock, one hand covering her mouth. Jane could only watch helplessly, knowing that in contrast to this; no-one would even remember her comparatively puny display at the start of the evening. Kamala watched in pure disbelief, unable to take in that her hero, idol and mentor was suffering an accident more embarrassing than anything she had ever seen before; right in front of her. Valkyrie stared in horror, realising that this was going to mentally shatter Carol; she wanted to race over and comfort her, yet the accident was almost hypnotic and nobody dared to move while it was still happening.

Carol’s shit finally began to solidify, now filling up her bum and jeans with unbelievable amounts of shit; every part of her below the waist looking swollen; as if inflating like a thousand balloons. Her eyes had gone near blind with tears, stinging and red; yet she still stared ahead blankly, a thousand thoughts frozen in her head like a car-wreck where nobody could move a single bit forward, until everything had come to a complete stop.

Far from stopping however, her accident simply added a new layer as Carol began to suffer a humongous wetting; her jeans quickly turning a greenish-yellow, as her sick-body expelled the toxins and soaked every part of her. The piss drenched her clean-shaven pussy; liquefying the shit into brown sludge; racing down her body with terrifying speed. Carol’s piss soaked her bum, her legs, running over her knees and down into her socks and boots; mixing into her puddle and creating an even larger puddle; as a number of people had to take a step back, the puddle now almost 10ft. wide and still growing, as Carol’s entire body shook with desperate relief and fearful terror, thoughts suddenly racing through her mind at speed.

“I’m wetting myself! I’m shitting myself! I… I’ve let everyone down. Kamala, Jane, Valkyrie, the Skrulls, the Earth, the galaxy; everyone! I’m humiliating every Avenger, I’m pathetic… I’m not strong… I… I can’t control myself… I…”.

Captain Marvel’s knees gave out and the Avengers watched with horror as she fainted into her puddle; not fully unconscious, instead awake but catatonic as her body smashed into her puddle, spraying shit in several directions; though Scarlett Witch blocked it from hitting anybody. Half of Carol’s face lay in her own shit; her cheek resting against it, as her bomber jacket, trousers, back, jeans, arms and hands were covered in Pissy-shit; running all over her entire body. The Avengers watched in horror as Carol Danvers lay there; distraught, shit running through her beautiful blonde hair as a robotic voice rang out:

“Barndoor protocol de-activated”.

It was the A.I system F.R.I.D.A.Y., whose words were immediately followed by every Uru metal slider raising; revealing the New York skyline below them. Everyone looked in shock as each opened; leaving them free, yet before they could react, Jessica Jones stormed in, followed by an angry looking Trish Walker. She made a beeline straight for one woman: Beth the Waitress; who was leaning against a wall, nursing a slight-cut. Jessica grabbed and punched her straight in the chest, the blow sending the young woman flying halfway across the room.

“What are you doing?” screamed Pepper, as Beth landed at her feet; bloody and terrified, looking towards an advancing Jessica again with terror.

“She’s not who you think she is. She caused all this” explained Jessica. “She’s not even a woman”.

“Y-you’re crazy… help me, please!” called Beth to the other Avengers, who stared uncertainly; unsure of how to react.

Jessica smiled and pulled out a tiny fragment of broken Uru metal; jagged and pointy, from her pocket, causing Beth’s eyes to widen.

“Then when I do this, we’ll just take you to hospital” said Jessica, as several realised what she was about to do.

“No!” screamed Pepper but it was too late. Jessica stabbed Beth in the foot, causing her to scream in agony; her voice shifting from a high to lower pitch, as the illusion around her vanished, causing everyone to gasp in shock.

“Welcome back to New York asshole”.

In Beth’s place, now lay none other than Loki: The God of Mischief: Dressed in his green-battle armour and golden devil horns; that he had worn while attacking the city itself. The Avengers Time Heist mission report warned that Loki from an alternate timeline may be able to appear in their universe and it was clear to all that it was him: The malice, bitterness and hatred from his early years; clear in his eyes, as well as a smug grin.

“Congratulations quim… I’m impressed”.

Loki rose to stand but in a second, Scarlett Witch had him pinned to the glass of the window; as more than a dozen women in the room surrounded him in attack positions.

“I hope you had fun with this little game, because we’re going to make sure you rot in the Raft for the next thousand years” said Maria Hill, speaking with the authority that could make it happen.

“Ooh, lock me away; put me in handcuffs, how very exciting. As usual though, you humans miss the bigger picture”.

“And what is that?” asked Okoye, the heel of her less than an inch from his throat.

“Rewriting your computer systems, placing spells on your clothing to make it impossible to remove… do you really think it was for me?”.

The women frowned, eyeing him suspiciously.

“Oh I had fun watching you ‘heroes’ lose it but I don’t do anything for free and for this, I was paid very, very well”.

All around them, a series of illusions dropped and the women looked in horror to see that at least two dozen cameras; now revealed, had been livestreaming their antics for the entire world to see. Unbeknownst to them up until this point; as communications had quickly gone down, even with Fitz, ...Avengers Accidents and #HeroesHelpless had gone viral, trending number #1 on every social media platform in the world and most in the galaxy. Carol; now pulled from her puddled, cradled on Valkyrie’s lap, stared at the cameras as the final nails in her coffin and yet, she was about to be even further broken.

Scarlett Witch angrily destroyed all the cameras in seconds, yet Loki laughed.

“It’s too late for that to make a difference” he said cruelly, before disappearing in an illusion. Frantically looking around, they saw him standing on the balcony steps; as he removed the Space Stone.

“I hope you all realise, this was for her” said Loki; pointing at Carol Danvers. “I was paid by the Kree to humiliate her. You could have all gone home and been fine… if she hadn’t been so selfish”.

Loki disappeared in a blue-portal, narrowly avoiding several attacks thrown his way; as Carol passed out in exhaustion, unable to take any more shame, as Valkyrie cradled her, holding her close; as phone calls, texts and messages began to flood in for all the heroes; as they realised the absolute humiliation that had been inflicted on all of them and their credibility…

The Avengers exited the tower, seeing an audience as bad as they expected; crowds of thousands surrounding them, with the world’s press at every entrance. Most said nothing, such as Valkyrie; who carried an unconscious Carol to her Pegasus and flew off without saying a word to anyone else. A few politely said they would give statements at a more appropriate time; such as Peggy Carter, while others such as Scarlett Witch and Shuri flipped off the press; their anger and disgust not hidden.

Maria Hill and the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents did not have such luxuries and went into damage control mode, answering questions as diplomatically as they could; however, one of them was lucky. As Jemma Fitz-Simmons was questioned, her husband arrived and slapped a strange looking compass into her hand; causing both of them to disappear in a flash of light, much to the annoyance of the press.

Crash-landing back in their living room, Jemma’s body ached as she stared at Fitz in amazement; smiling.

“What was that?” asked Jemma.

“Contained Bi-Frost energy, harvested from Thor’s travel sites. Only good for a one-shot though”.

“… Fitz, did you just use a piece of government property; worth tens of millions, so that I wouldn’t have to talk to the press after what happened?”.

“Pretty much, yeah”.

Jemma was silent for a moment.

“… I love you so much” she said, grabbing and kissing him passionately; as Fitz returned the affection, their unbroken kiss lasting a full half-minute.

“Well… I’d best get cleaned up” said Jemma, smiling; as she made for the door, yet Fitz’s grabbed that sweet-spot on her shoulder and gently turned her back, as she looked into his eyes.

“Well… that’s the thing”.

Several minutes later, Fitz and Simmons were both half-naked; rolling around in bed, their kisses all over the other’s body. Jemma was on top of Fitz in a pair of dry but badly stained white-lace panties, while Fitz’s throbbing cock was grinding against her through her boxers. Fitz grabbed her bum, feeling the mushiness of her dried underwear; as he bit into his wife’s neck, causing her to moan with pleasure.

“I didn’t know you liked that” said Jemma playfully, reaching a hand down through his boxers and onto his cock; as he pulled off her white-lace bra, revealing her perky breasts; which were stiff with arousal for him.

“I didn’t know you’d do that” said Fitz teasingly, as his wife kissed down his chiselled stomach; sliding her mouth around his now exposed cock. Even now, the sight of Jemma doing that to him; combined with the way she teased every part of him, her tongue lovingly playing with his body and worshipping him, made him feel whole in a way nothing else could. Jemma loved seeing her husband’s arousal and was excited to have discovered something new about him, even if unconventional.

“Maybe I’ll lose control for you again Fitz, tonight” she whispered sultrily in his ear, as her husband moaned and gently grabbed all over her with excitement; his trembling fingers all over her body. Jemma grabbed his hands and held them in hers, as she stared lovingly into his eyes.

“Fitz”.

“Yeah?”.

“Your hands are freezing”.

The two of them laughed as their naked bodies; except for her dirty panties, rested against each other, lost in the pleasure of the moment, as they stared towards each other with pure-desire and affection.

“Are they?” asked Fitz, pressing them against his face. “Ooh, they’re like little ice buckets aren’t they?”.

Jemma laughed; tears in her eyes at the happy memory, as well as the cuteness of him saying her words.

“Do you think you can brave it?” asked Fitz.

Jemma smiled and pushed her husband gently down onto the bed, then straddled his throbbing cock with her dirty-lace underwear; as he looked confused for a moment. Suddenly, a warm stream of pee burst through them as Jemma Fitz-Simmons had her second accident that night and began to flood her panties; wetting through them onto her husband’s cock, as his eyes lit up with lust and renewed passion; her hand stroking his cheek, as she wet herself for him.

“I’ll do my best to power through”.

EPILOGUE

Captain Marvel went into hiding for two months following the humiliation at Avengers tower, during which time; she experienced daily night-terrors, bedwetting and panic-attacks, while staying with her girlfriend Valkyrie in the new Palace of Asgard. Eventually, attacks on the Skrull star-system brought her out of self-imposed exile. She reminded them she was not to be taken lightly; leading a strike force into Nova that destroyed the core of the Supreme Intelligence. Though her reputation has suffered a grievous blow; with many on earth now mocking Carol on sight, she is slowly opening up to therapy and is even considering proposing to Valkyrie; though she will have to fight the World Serpent to earn the right first.

Gamora and Nebula became much closer after the incident, with neither receiving a great amount of criticism: Their sisterly bond largely won over the internet: Nebula being the only person to completely avoid an accident; which earned her huge respect; while Gamora’s sacrifice made her among the most admirable. The two continue as beloved members of the Guardians of the Galaxy and any of the few people dumb enough to mock Gamora’s accident, will quickly find themselves at the mercy of Nebula.

Black Widow pre-empted the media mockery of herself by speaking extremely candidly about her own humiliation, as well as opening up in greater detail about her origins; including the death of Olyeina Lebedev. This helped mitigate much of the PR nightmare for her, as she shifted the debate around her to a wider global issue around human trafficking and child exploitation. Six months later, she was invited to serve as a Children’s Ambassador for the United Nations; a role she accepted.

Scarlett Witch ultimately faced severe mockery for her accident in what became known as the: “Avengers: Celebration Desperation” event. Unable to take it, she resigned her position in the Avengers for a time to return home to Sokovia, to allow things to die down and spend time properly mourning the deaths of so many loved ones in recent years.

Mantis’s erotic reaction to her accident was noticed by several fetish groups, both on earth and across the galaxy; who offered her paid work as an elite-fetish model. She declined, though does occasionally explore herself further with Nebula; who began a long journey of sexual-awakening after Mantis accidentally touched her.

Okoye’s accident largely passed under the radar, thanks to the more high-profile ones at the event and Shuri absolving her of responsibility. She continues to serve faithfully as a Dora Milaje and has taken preventative steps to ensure she cannot be easily poisoned again in the future.

Maria Hill; as she predicted, was hammered by the world’s nations to step down as deputy S.H.I.E.L.D. director. Though Nick Fury was willing to fight for her, she declined the offer and left the organisation. Her current whereabouts are unknown.

Jemma Fitz-Simmons and Leopold Fitz-Simmons enjoyed another hour of erotic thrills, before showering and changing into their pyjamas for their long awaited Doctor Who marathon. Shockingly to both of them, her handling of herself during the crisis; willing to sacrifice her dignity for others, made her come out of the Avengers Tower debacle with widespread acclaim. Nick Fury promoted her to the head of Scientific Research and Development, a job she accepted; on the condition it become a co-position between her and Fitz. They now serve as joint heads and rumours are widespread that they are close to uncovering a major breakthrough: The re-discovery of Dr. Erskine’s original formula, that created Captain America. During their rare free time, they explore their new erotic passion and Jemma has even purchased a nerdy scientist girl lingerie set for Fitz’s birthday.

Lady Sif was publically scorned after the Avengers Tower incident, many believing she was working with Loki from the start. She has gone into exile, though is not currently at any known temple in the galaxy. Her whereabouts remain unknown.

Jessica Jones’s self-sacrifice for her sister and fierce uppercut of Loki earned her widespread acclaim, which she mocked; despite appearing on several talk shows at Trish’s insistence. However, she did use her temporary popularity to get free alcohol at most New York bars for a while; something she thought made the whole experience worth it.

Kamala Khan’s presence in the Avengers Tower incident split the internet, with many supporting her; others mocking. Embracing Peggy’s advice, she focussed on herself and has joined the Avengers; filling Scarlett Witch’s old spot. She has gone on three different missions, proving an exemplary team member on all of them.

Hope and Janet Van Dyne were largely mocked for their presence in the affair and chose to go on an extended holiday; catching up on lost time, in the Caribbean. Everytime reporters harassed them, they simply used shrink-tech to avoid them.

Peggy Carter had an equally divisive reaction as Kamala Khan’s, yet largely ignored any hate she received and is now working with war-veterans; helping to raise money for soldiers’ mental health treatment. She also spoke at the U.N. recently on women’s rights, going into the third decade of the 21st century.

Shuri received a large amount of undeserved hate from people who believed that she deliberately exploited Okoye to cover her own humiliation. Losing herself back in the workshop, Shuri has designed several anti-diuretic drugs; which she keeps a personal vial on her at all times.

Nakia’s wetting was largely over-looked, allowing her to return to her humanitarian work; largely, in peace, though certain harassment has led to T’Challa assigning her a personal body guard, something she finds is overkill.

Quake AKA Daisy Johnson was largely mocked and her role as a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent was compromised. She has now gone into a deep cover identity-change; with the help of Phil Coulson, to allow her to keep her job.

Melinda May was largely mocked and her role as a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent was compromised. She was promoted to a high-managerial position, overseeing critical operations in the recovery of stolen Chitauri technology.

Pepper Potts suffered badly after the incident. While none of the heroes sued for damages, several dozen kitchen staff did and won damages worth hundreds of millions; while Stark Industries stock plummeted. Though she is starting to rebuild the company’s reputation, Pepper Potts herself has become a widespread laughing stock and it may take her years to recover from this kind of PR damage. She has also since revised all Avenger facilities security protocols, to prevent such an incident ever being possible again.

Jane Foster; while mocked, actually received more sympathy than might be expected from the internet; largely thanks to a popular misconception that the party was held to celebrate her birthday. She still spoke at the galactic scientific conference and is now well regarded within the Xandarrian scientific community. Her current research concerns interstellar space-storms and the possibility of sending a manned mission safely inside one; to study and bring back data.

Beth the Waitress was found dead in her apartment; her throat slit by an Asgardian knife, indicating Loki personally killed her before assuming her identity.

Alternate, evil Loki has not resurfaced since the Avengers Tower incident and he is now one of the most wanted men in the galaxy. His location remains unknown and he is a prime target of the Current Avengers team.

*002*2020-11-07 23:24

{{1 hour ago, Batman007 said:

This was such a fantastic story

}}

Thank you so much!

*004*2020-11-08 12:36

{{5 hours ago, blooper said:

All these avenger giant accident lineups have been good and this is no exception. Excellent work.

}}

That's greatly appreciated, I really liked the other ones; so i'm glad this meets the standard.

