Not so ordinary job

Author: Ducklett00

*000*2017-03-03 01:21

I suddenly realised that it has been long time since I wrote a story. So I finished this short story that I started long time ago (short in my opinion). I hope you enjoy. I'm planning on writing more stories at some point, when I have the time.

###

Chapter 1

"Did you get the job?" Satomi asked.

"No" Rika answered while closing the front door behind her.

Satomi, who was lying on the sofa sighed with disappointment.

"How long have you been awake?" Rika asked after she noticed that Satomi wasn't wearing anything except white bra and panties.

"Ten minutes?" Satomi shrugged her shoulders.

"It's almost 3 in the afternoon" Rika took off her jacket and hung it on the rack.

"So what?"

"You should try to find a job" Rika walked past the sofa into the kitchen "and put some clothes on!"

"I don't want to work"

"We need money to pay our rent and bills"

"We can borrow money from our parents, dad said he would help us with the rent and bills"

"That doesn't mean that we can just lay around doing nothing" Rika came back from the kitchen "It was your turn to buy food, there is nothing in the fridge"

"I thought it was your turn" Satomi sat up.

"No, it's your turn" Rika crossed her arms.

"Just because you're my big sister doesn't mean that you can boss around all the time"

"It really is your turn to buy food"

"Speaking of food, I managed to reserve a table from that new restaurant"

"Really!?"

Rika couldn't believe her ears, the restaurant had been opened few weeks ago and everyone were praising it. It was hard to get a table from there.

"The reservation is at 4 o'clock" Satomi answered.

"Well, you have time to go to the shop" Rika smirked.

"Fine, I'll go" Satomi stood up and walked to the front door.

"Put some clothes on!"

"Oh yeah, right" Satomi let out short laughter and hurried to the bedroom.

Rika shook her head, Satomi would have gone out half-naked several times if Rika had not mentioned about it. She and Satomi looked almost identical even though they weren't twins, Satomi was a year younger than Rika. Rika had dyed her hair into black and tied it to the ponytail, Satomi's hair was blonde but still people thought that Rika was Satomi and vice versa. Rika's and Satomi's dressing styles were different. Satomi likes to wear skirts and t-shirts, Rika prefered jeans and tube tops. At the moment Rika was wearing black jeans and black tube top, black leather bracelets and skull shaped earring on her right ear. Satomi came out from the bedroom. She had blue skirt and red t-shirt.

"And don't buy clothes!" Rika yelled when Satomi walked out from the apartment.

Clock was almost 4 when Rika and Satomi walked into the restaurant. It was located pretty close to their apartment but still they had to take the subway to get there. Restaurant was huge, at the moment it looked full, there was probably over 100 persons. Decoration was modest and simple, in the middle was bar counter.

"Hello and welcome!" young, short woman greeted them, she was standing behind counter near the door. She had short red hair, round glasses and lovely smile. She was wearing white shirt and black vest over the shirt.

"Uh, hello. We have a reservation, table for two" Satomi said.

"Name?" woman asked and opened the reservation book.

"Satomi Fukada"

Woman examined the book for a moment. "Follow me please" she started walking towards the bar counter. Satomi and Rika followed her but soon Satomi stopped and Rika bumped into her.

"Hey! Keep walking" Rika said.

Satomi raised her left hand and pointed out the woman, Rika leaned a little to the side and her jaw fell open. Woman wasn't wearing any pants or skirt, instead she was wearing a diaper. Woman noticed that Satomi and Rika wasn't following her so she turned around, Satomi lowered her hand and Rika quickly renew normal posture.

"Something wrong?" woman asked.

Satomi and Rika shook their head and followed woman to the table near the bar counter. Satomi and Rika sat down, Satomi glanced diaper few times.

"I can see that something is bothering you, what is it?" woman asked while handing the food menus to Satomi and Rika.

"Are you wearing a diaper?" Satomi asked carefully.

"Yes"

"Why?" Rika asked.

"It's part of our outfit" woman answered with smile on her face, she gestured around the restaurant.

Satomi and Rika looked around. All waitresses were wearing white shirt and black vest over the shirt, and a diaper!

"Waitress will come soon to take your orders" woman said, turned around and walked away.

"What kind of restaurant is this?" Satomi asked while looking around.

"A restaurant where you eat food" Rika answered and opened the food menu.

"But why are they wearing diapers?"

"She said that it's part of their outfit"

"A diaper!"

"Yeah, let's order something"

Rika examined the menu and Satomi looked around, she looked like she wasn't sure if she should stay or leave. After few minutes a waitress walked to them, she was slim and had shoulder length straight brown hair. Rika glanced her briefly but turned her gaze back to her, Satomi had done the same. A diaper what waitress was wearing was clearly wet. Waitress looked at Rika and Satomi, then let out short laughter.

"Your first time in here?" she asked.

"Yeah" Rika answered.

"I can see it. Sorry, I haven't had time to change my diaper" waitress touched her diaper and squeezed it a little.

"But why is it part of your outfit? Can't you use pants or skirt?" Satomi asked, still looking at the diaper.

"Well this is different kind of restaurant, we wear diapers because our customers love to see us in diapers. And if you want to see us wet or mess our diapers or both, just ask. But looking only, no touching!" waitress explained.

"Did someone asked you to wet your diaper?" Satomi asked.

"No, I just had to pee very badly"

"What's wrong with the bathroom?"

"Employees don't have bathroom, we don't need it. We can just let it go in our diapers"

Rika looked around the restaurant more carefully, now she saw that some waitresses had wet or messy diaper or both. Customers were clearly enjoying the view.

"Have you decided what you want to eat?" waitress asked.

"Uh, yes..." Rika examined the menu one more time and ordered meat.

Satomi looked at the menu and ordered same as Rika.

"Excellent choice" waitress said while writing down the orders.

"This is so good!" Satomi said.

"Unbelievable!" Rika stated.

Waitress had just brought their orders, Satomi and Rika had only tasted one bite.

"Let me know if you need anything, more wine or maybe some eye candy" waitress said, smirked and walked away.

Satomi coughed, she had almost choked on her food.

"She can't be serious" Satomi said.

"Why not?" Rika asked.

"I don't want to see her mess or wet her diaper!"

"Well, I..." Rika's sentence was interrupted by the astonished sounds coming from their left.

Satomi and Rika turned to look. There was group of men sitting at the table near them. Tall, blonde waitress was standing near the table, she had her legs spread a little. Every men were looking at the waitress's crotch and then Rika saw it, spreading wetness. Waitress was wetting her diaper.

"This is nuts! I can't eat here!" Satomi stood up and walked away.

"Wha...what? Wait! Satomi!" Rika couldn't take her eyes off the view.

Waitress sighed in relief after some time and Rika was finally able to look around for Satomi but couldn't find her.

"Where did your friend go all the sudden?" it was the waitress who had served Rika and Satomi earlier.

"She's my little sister...she peed...I mean..." Rika was looking at the blonde waitress and shook her head to clear her thoughts "she said something about not being able to eat here" Rika turned to look at the waitress who had walked to her.

Waitress glanced at the blonde waitress "Do you want to take your sister's portion with you?"

"Uh...yes" Rika was once again looking at the blonde waitress.

"Oh, Did I mention my name earlier? I'm Hiroko" waitress said while taking Satomi's portion from the table.

"I'm Rika and my sister's name is Satomi" Rika answered, she had turned to look at Hiroko when she talked.

"Well Rika, I put Satomi's portion in carton so you can take it with you when you leave"

"Thanks" Rika continued eating.

"Here you go" Hiroko put carton on the table in front of Rika.

"Thanks"

Rika had just finished eating and was about to leave. When she stood up she noticed something. Hiroko was squirming a little, it looked almost like she had to pee very badly.

"You okay?" Rika asked, she felt her heart beating faster while waiting for the answer.

"Yes, I noticed how you were looking at the other waitress earlier" Hiroko answered.

"And?" Rika gazed at Hiroko's diaper, she noticed that Hiroko had changed it.

Hiroko let out short sigh and Rika saw that the diaper was getting wet, Rika's jaw fell open. 5 seconds...10 seconds...15 seconds and Rika saw that Hiroko wasn't finished yet, she was still peeing.

"Much better" Hiroko said finally.

Diaper looked soaking wet and it was sagging heavily. Hiroko patted it, looked at Rika and smiled.

"Do you want souvenir?" Hiroko asked.

Rika was so astounded that she couldn't form words.

"Relax, I was just joking" Hiroko laughed.

"Here's a little tip" Rika took money from her pocket and gave it to Hiroko.

"Don't be a stranger, come back soon" Hiroko said "oh and here is your order ticket, show it to the cashier" Hiroko took piece of paper from her pocket and gave it to Rika.

Rika took the paper and Hiroko walked away, Rika took carton from the table and walked to the cashier. She paid the food and left the restaurant.

Satomi was lying on the sofa when Rika arrived to the apartment.

"Why did you leave all the sudden?" Rika asked, she placed carton on the table near the sofa.

"That waitress was PEEING in her DIAPER! that's just nuts" Satomi sat up.

"I don't see anything wrong in that"

"They must have few screws loose in their head if they are willing to wear a diapers on purpose"

"You are so narrow-minded!" Rika was frustrated, she walked to her room and slam the door shut behind her.

"What did I do wrong?!" Satomi yelled.

Rika didn't answer, she walked to her bed and sat on it. Her room was small, there was only room for the bed and the table. On the table was laptop and Rika's clothes were in the boxes under the bed. There was a knock on the door.

"Rika, let's talk" Satomi said.

"Go away, I'm busy" Rika answered.

"Fine! You're sometimes so mean"

Rika thought that she heard a sob.

"Satomi..." Rika stood up and was about to walk to the door but then she heard quick steps and she knew that Satomi had gone to her room.

Rika sat on the bed, it was best if she let Satomi calm down and then talk to her. Rika closed her eyes, she tried to remember the image of Hiroko in wet diaper. The look on her face, the spreading wetness in her diaper. Rika moved her hand towards her waist and then into her pants. She tried to imagine how it must have felt, the spreading wetness, the warmth of the pee. All those eyes watching you wet yourself. While imagining these things, Rika fingered herself and soon she had massive orgasm.

It was nightfall, Rika walked to the kitchen with the intention of making few sandwiches. Satomi was sitting at the table and she was eating the food Rika had brought from the restaurant. Rika glanced Satomi and she felt bad, Satomi's eyes were reddish. Rika was certain that Satomi had been crying. Rika made sandwiches, thinking at the same time that she should say something to Satomi but what? She turned to look at Satomi, Satomi was looking at her.

"I'm sorry" they said at the same time.

Rika smirked and Satomi smiled nervously. Since Rika didn't know what else to say and Satomi was eating again, she took the sandwiches and returned to her room. She sat at the table and turned on the laptop, opened job advertisement website and began browsing it. One job advertisement caught her attention or rather the advertiser, why it looked so familiar. Rika took the receipt from her pocket, it was from the restaurant and the restaurant's name was the same as advertiser! Rika clicked the job advertisement and read, they were looking for the waitress. A waitress who would be willing to wear diapers, wet and mess them without hesitation. Rika didn't hesitate, she filled and sent the application. After that she ate sandwiches and browsed internet. A hour passed and Rika's phone rang.

"Hello" Rika answered to the phone.

"Hi, this is Ayano Adachi. Am I speaking with Rika Fukada?"

"Yes"

"I called about your job application, could you come to interview tomorrow at midday?"

"Yes!"

"Alright, see you then. Have a nice evening" and the call ended.

"Where I was supposed to meet her?" Rika wondered.

Her phone beeped, it was message from Ayano. Apology for forgetting to mention the address and an address. Rika decided not to tell Satomi about the interview, Satomi would probably make fun of her.

Next day Rika went to the address that was mentioned in the message, it was restaurant's address.

"Hello and welcome" dark haired girl greeted, she was probably only 19 years old.

"I have a meeting with Ayano Adachi" Rika said.

"Take those stairs and turn left, her office is at the end of the corridor" girl pointed at the stairs behind her.

"Thanks"

While Rika walked to the stairs, she looked around the restaurant, she didn't see Hiroko anywhere. Rika ascended stairs, turned left and walked down the corridor. She knocked on the door at the end of the corridor.

"Come in" was answer.

Rika opened the door, walked in the room and closed the door behind her. Room was huge, bookshelves on the both sides of the door, closets on the left side of the room. Big window at the end of the room and a door on the right side of the room. In the middle was a desk. Behind the desk was sitting tall, slim, middle aged woman. She had short brown hair, blue eyes and motherly smile on her face. She was wearing black dress.

"Ah, you must be Rika Fukada" woman said.

"Yes" Rika answered nervously.

Woman stood up and Rika walked to her.

"I'm Ayano Adachi" woman introduced herself and shook hands with Rika.

Rika sat down to the chair that was in front of the desk, Ayano walked to the one of the closet. She opened it, took something from there and closed it.

"First I'm gonna ask you to wear this" Ayano showed what she had in hand, it was a diaper.

Rika stood up. Ayano walked to her and gave her the diaper, walked behind her desk and sat down.

"Uh, is there a bathroom or locker room where I could put this on?" Rika asked.

"I want you to put it on right here, I need to know do you have courage to do it" Ayano answered.

"All right"

Rika put the diaper on the chair, unbuttoned her jeans and took them off. She glanced Ayano quickly, it felt like she was undressing in front of her mother. Ayano was looking at her, she had focused look on her face and she was inspecting Rika with her eyes. Rika took her black panties off, set the diaper on the chair and sat on it.

"You have lovely bottom" Ayano stated.

Rika smiled and adjusted the diaper, taped the lower tapes and then the upper tapes.

"Wonderful! Do you want coffee or tea?" Ayano stood up and walked to the window, there was small table in front of it.

"Tea"

Ayano poured tea to two cups and did something else, Rika wasn't paying attention. She was inspecting the diaper, it felt even better than she had imagined. She touched it with trembling hands, squeezed and rubbed it. Rika stopped doing that when Ayano walked back to the desk. Ayano gave cup to Rika and Rika took a sip from it.

Ayano asked many questions, the usual question but also unusual questions. Like how many times Rika had wet her pants on purpose. While answering to Ayano's questions Rika came aware of something disturbing. Her bladder was filling up rather quickly and her abdomen felt weird, she was probably just nervous. After few minutes Rika let out short groan, she stood up while holding her hands between her legs. She felt diarrhea exploding in the diaper, right after that her bladder control failed. Hot urine spread fast, diaper became soaking wet and heavy.

"I'm...I'm so sorry, I don't know what happened" Rika said.

"It's okay, it's my fault. I put laxative and diuretic in your tea" Ayano answered with friendly smile on her face.

"Why?"

"Most girls that I have interviewed burst into tears when they had an accident in their diaper. I can't hire that kind of girls"

"So this was a test?"

"Yes" Ayano stood up.

"You can clean yourself up in that bathroom" Ayano pointed at the door on the right side of the room while walking to the closet.

Rika walked towards the door.

"Here, you probably want to wear this. Just to be sure that you don't have accident during your way home" Ayano took diaper from the closet and threw it to Rika.

Rika went to the bathroom and locked the door behind her. There was bathtub at the far end of the room, toilet on the left side and sink on the right. Under the sink was trashcan, it was full of wet and dirty diapers. Rika walked to the bathtub and removed diaper, threw it in the trashcan and began washing her bottom. Rika walked out from the bathroom five minutes later, she had put the diaper on and she walked to the desk. Her panties and jeans were on the floor near the desk. Ayano was writing something on the computer, she turned her gaze on Rika when Rika put her panties and jeans on.

"I'll call later today, let you know if you get the job" Ayano said.

Rika nodded and they shook hands, Rika walked to the door and left the room. Diaper was bulky and was making sounds when Rika walked but she couldn't be happier. She felt like she had found lost love.

Rika walked unsteadily down the corridor, her abdomen felt weird. She stopped at her apartment's door and opened the door.

"Where have you been?" Satomi asked sleepily. She was lying on the sofa, half-naked.

Rika closed the door behind her and hurried towards the bathroom, just a few more steps. Her hand was on the door handle when she felt it, her diaper filled up with diarrhea.

"Did you just shit in your pants?" Satomi asked and sat up.

"N...no!"

"I know what I heard, you shit in your pants!" Satomi bursted into laughter.

"Not in my pants, I'm...I'm wearing a diaper"

"What?" Satomi stopped laughing.

"I'm wearing a diaper!" Rika turned to look at her sister.

"Why?" Satomi stood up and walked to Rika.

"I was in the interview, they're looking for new waitress to that restaurant"

"Why did you wear a diaper in an interview?"

"Long story" Rika felt strong urge to go to the bathroom again.

"Show it" Satomi tried to pull down Rika's jeans.

"Stop it, I have to go to..." Rika felt diarrhea gushing in diaper.

"Ew, gross" Satomi backed away.

"I tried to tell you that I have to go to the bathroom!"

"Obviously it's too late for that"

"Smartass" Rika opened bathroom door and walked in.

She walked straight to bathtub on her left side. Rika unfastened tapes carefully and lowered diaper so she could inspect it more carefully, it was absolutely full. She threw diaper in the trashcan and took a nice long bath. Satomi knocked on the door.

"Come on! You've been there for ages, I have to use the bathroom" Satomi said.

Rika wrapped towel around her and unlocked the door. Satomi immediately rushed in, yanked her panties to her ankles and sat on the toilet. Satomi sighed in relief and Rika heard loud peeing sound. Rika left the bathroom, walked to her room and closed the door behind her. She had put her clothes in the washing machine, so she kneeled beside her bed and took few boxes from under the bed. She took black lace bra and panties from one box and black t-shirt and black short shorts from another. There was a knock on the door.

"Rika, you left your phone in the bathroom. It's ringing" Satomi said.

Rika walked to the door and opened it. Satomi had walked to the sofa and was sitting on it.

"You once said to me: don't touch my belongings" Satomi said.

Rika rushed to the bathroom, smiling a little. Five years earlier Satomi had tried to borrow Rika's jeans, Rika had given Satomi old fashion over the knee spanking. After that Satomi hadn't touch any of Rika's belongings. Rika's phone was on top of the washing machine.

"Hello?" Rika answered to the phone.

"Hi Rika! It's Ayano Adachi. I'm calling about the waitress job"

"Yes?" Rika felt her heart beating faster.

"The job is yours if you want it"

"Really?! Yes, of course I want it"

"Great! Could you start tomorrow?"

"Yes"

"Great! If you could come at seven a.m. to make your contract of employment and get acquainted with the job?"

"I'll be there"

"Excellent, I'll see you tomorrow" and the call ended.

Rika left the bathroom.

"Good news?" Satomi asked sleepily.

"I got the job" Rika answered.

Satomi looked at Rika and was about to laugh but then she raised her shoulders.

"Well, there got to be one loony in the family" she said.

"Speak for yourself, is it too hard to keep some clothes on?" Rika walked to her room's door and turned to look at her sister.

"It's more comfortable without them" Satomi answered.

"You know what. If you like it that way, maybe you should consider finding a job as an underwear model.

"Why?"

"Well you have an amazing body and you don't seem to be uncomfortable without your clothes"

"Oh yeah sure, then mom and dad would be proud. Their oldest daughter is a diapered waitress and youngest is an underwear model"

"We decide what job we want, not our parents"

"You know what, I think you're right! Maybe I try to find a job as an underwear model...later" Satomi took remote control from the table and turned on the television.

Rika let out short laugh and smiled. Satomi always said "later" but she never got anything done.

End of Chapter 1

###

I'll post final chapter later.

*002*2017-03-04 17:33

Chapter 2

"Wow, you're in good time" Ayano said.

"Um, yeah sorry. Am I too early? I know it's only half past six but I was so excited that I couldn't resist anymore" Rika answered.

They were in the restaurant. Ayano, who was wearing black jacket, white shirt and black trousers was sitting at the bar counter. Rika walked to her.

"No, it's fine. By the way, how did you get in?" Ayano asked while gesturing Rika to sit down next to her.

"The girl at the counter near the door let me in" Rika answered and sat down.

"Really? I didn't know that someone was already here" Ayako gazed towards the front door.

"You have employees who love their jobs" Rika said.

"It's a good thing. Anyway, here is the contract of employment. Sign it and you are officially waitress in this restaurant" Ayako put document on the counter in front of Rika.

Rika pulled the document little closer and began reading it. While reading she became more aware of the pressure in her bladder, it had been there all morning since she didn't use the bathroom after waking up. She instinctively moved her left hand between her legs, squeezed a little and crossed her legs.

"The bathrooms are near the entrance, you can use the bathroom before you sign the contract" Ayako said.

Rika looked at Ayako and felt herself blushing.

"To be honest, I could have used the bathroom before I arrived here"

"Ah, I see" Ayako said and smiled.

Rika turned her gaze back to document and continued reading it. After few minutes she had finished reading it and signed it. Her hand was trembling a little, because she was so excited and because she needed to pee.

"Excellent, now let's find you an outfit" Ayako said, took the document and put it in the black briefcase.

Rika put her both hands between her legs and squeezed, perhaps she had miscalculated her limit, she could barely hold it.

"On second thought, Hiroko come here!" Ayako stood up after she saw someone walking near the bar counter.

Hiroko rushed to Ayako and waved at Rika when she saw her. Hiroko was already wearing her waitress uniform and a diaper.

"Could you show Rika where to find uniforms and diapers? And then show her everything else, kitchen, locker rooms, etc." Ayako asked.

"Sure!" Hiroko answered.

Ayako nodded and walked away.

"She is always busy" Hiroko said.

"So, we became co-workers" Hiroko turned to look at Rika.

"Yeah" Rika answered and smiled.

"So, let's find you an outfit" Hiroko said. "Or maybe diapers first?" Hiroko asked after she saw that Rika was bending her legs in turns.

"Diapers" Rika answered, she wasn't sure how long she could hold it.

Hiroko walked towards the end of the restaurant and Rika followed her, barely able to walk.

"Can I ask you something?" Hiroko asked.

"Go ahead"

"Did you came here with full bladder on purpose?" Hiroko glanced Rika briefly.

"Uh, yeah..." Rika felt herself blushing again.

"So did I, when I started here"

"Really?" Rika stopped for a moment and crossed her legs for few seconds.

"Yeah, you are doing better than I. I peed in my pants before I had signed my contract" Hiroko walked to the narrow corridor.

There was five doors on the corridor, one at the end of the corridor and two on the each side of the corridor. Hiroko stopped in front of the first doors and opened the one on her left.

"Here are the diapers" Hiroko walked in the room and Rika followed her.

Room was medium sized storage room and it was full of diapers. There was probably over 100 diaper packages. Different sizes, different brands.

"Pick one, you can take it to your locker and get more from here" Hiroko crossed her arms and looked at Rika with smile on her face.

"There are so many, I don't know which one to choose" Rika said.

"Don't think too long" Hiroko laughed.

Rika looked around, unable to decide.

"If I may, these are my favorites" Hiroko took a package from the pile near the door.

"I'll take them!"

Hiroko ripped the package open, took a diaper from it and tossed the diaper to Rika. Rika immediately yanked her shorts and panties down to her ankles, put the diaper between her legs and fastened the tapes. She had barely fastened the tapes when she started to pee at full force. Diaper was quickly soaked and was sagging heavily. Rika slowly let out long moan.

"Damn, that must have felt good" Hiroko said.

"You have no idea" Rika answered and closed her eyes for a moment to enjoy the moment.

"You want to change that?" Hiroko asked and took new diaper from the package.

"Maybe later"

Hiroko put the diaper back in the package and tossed the package to Rika. Rika catched the package and put it on the floor for a moment, pulled her panties and shorts back on and picked up the diaper package. Hiroko walked to the corridor and waited Rika to follow her, when Rika walked to the corridor Hiroko closed the storage room's door. Then Hiroko walked to the next door, opened it and walked in. Rika followed her, her tight shorts squeezed the wet diaper firmly against her skin. Room was little bigger than the previous room, there was shelves, cardboard boxes and all kinds of stuff.

"This is storage room too but here is outfits, wet wipes, restaurant stuff, etc." Hiroko said.

Hiroko walked behind few shelves and Rika looked around, she was holding diaper package between her arms like it was a teddy bear. Hiroko returned shortly, she had white shirt, black vest and wet wipes package in her hands.

"I think these will fit you" Hiroko said. "And you need these" she showed wet wipes.

Hiroko walked to the corridor and opened the door on the opposite side. Rika walked past Hiroko to the room, it was locker room. Hiroko closed storage room's door and followed Rika.

"Actually the room next to this room is also locker room. This is the men's locker room and the other is women's locker room. But since every employees are women, we use both locker rooms" Hiroko explained.

"Why there aren't any male employees?" Rika asked and walked to the right side of the room and looked in the one locker, it looked empty.

"Ayako was afraid that there wouldn't be any customers if there was male employees in here. I mean, we don't really have normal uniforms" Hiroko leaned against the lockers near the door and crossed her arms.

"What do you think?" Rika asked and took off her t-shirt.

"I wouldn't mind if there were male employees in here. But the customers loves to see females wearing diapers"

Rika took off her shorts and panties, then she put them and t-shirt in the locker.

"Did I mention how cute you looked when you were peeing in your diaper?" Hiroko said.

"Uh, n...no, um thanks" Rika took off the diaper and let it fall to the floor.

"I can take it in the trashcan" Hiroko walked to the Rika, picked up the diaper and walked to the other side of the room where was trashcan.

Rika took few wet wipes and cleaned herself, took diaper from diaper package and put it on. She also put on shirt and vest.

"I think that wet diaper suits you better. Can't wait to see you in messy diaper" Hiroko said.

Rika smiled and Hiroko smiled back. Suddenly there was sounds coming from the other locker room, giggles and laughing.

"Sounds like others came to work, come on. I introduce you to them and show you the kitchen"

Rika put the diaper package in the locker, closed the locker and locked it.

Rika was standing behind the bar counter and was nervous, clock was almost 8 and restaurant opens at 8. There was already large group of people standing outside the restaurant.

"Nervous?" Hiroko asked, she was standing next to Rika.

"A little" Rika answered.

"You'll be fine. Besides, you look like you're more comfortable with diapers than any of us" said blonde woman, who walked past them.

"Thanks Nodoka"

"Oh, I almost forgot to mention. If customer wants to see you wet or mess your diaper, there is laxative and diuretic under this counter. Just don't serve them to the customers when you make drinks" Hiroko said.

"And be careful, it takes some time to find a right dose" Nodoka said.

Few waitress started laughing. Young, brown haired girl blushed but smiled nervously.

"What?" Rika asked and looked each one of them in turns.

"Customers usually ask Takako to mess her diaper and Takako take too large doses of laxative" Hiroko said gesturing towards the blushing girl.

"Sometimes I wonder if she does it on purpose" Nodoka said.

"No I don't. It's just hard to find a right dose" Takako said but blushed ever more.

Rika smirked to Takako and Takako smiled back.

"It's 8 o'clock, time to wiggle that diapered bottom" Hiroko said.

Customers began coming in and they were guided to their tables, in few minutes all tables were full of customers. Rika was so nervous that she couldn't move, she wasn't too sure about this anymore.

"You'll do fine. Just take their orders, serve food and enjoy. And if you have to pee, just pee" Hiroko patted Rika's bottom few times and walked to the table near them.

Rika took deep breath, checked her diaper one last time and walked to the table at the other end of the restaurant. There was five school girls sitting at the table, they looked like they were high school students.

"Hello! My name is Rika and I'll be your waitress today" Rika said.

The girl who was sitting at the middle raised her gaze from the food menu, she had short red hair, blue eyes and perfect smile.

"Are you new here? I don't remember seeing you before" girl asked.

Other girls raised their gaze also and looked at Rika.

"Yes, I just started today" Rika answered.

"Gosh you're beautiful and diaper suits you well" girl said and other girls nodded.

"Thanks" Rika said and smiled.

"I have a suggestion, if you pee in your diaper when you bring our food we give you big tip"

"Sure, it'll be my pleasure" Rika answered.

Ten minutes later Rika had taken orders from couple tables and was now standing behind the bar counter. She took diuretic from under the counter and poured it in the glass of water.

"Perhaps this is enough" Rika wondered and drank the water.

She had no idea how long it would take before she would feel the need to pee so she decided to check the kitchen if they had managed to get some food ready. Corridor to the kitchen was pretty crowded since waitresses were walking in and out the kitchen on steady pace. Takako came out from the kitchen, she was holding plates on her hands. Just before Takako and Rika passed each others, Takako stopped and bend over a little.

"Oh god" she said.

Rika heard diarrhea gushing in Takako's diaper. Takako smiled to Rika and continued walking but stopped soon and she had another messy accident in her diaper.

"I need to change" Takako said.

"It's barely twenty past eight and you have already changed your diaper twice" Hiroko said.

"Did you take too large dose again?" Nodoka asked.

Hiroko and Nodoka were standing behind Rika and they were laughing.

"Not funny" Takako answered.

Rika looked at Takako's diaper, it was wet and brownish and obviously full. Hiroko and Nodoka walked to the kitchen, still laughing. Rika followed them.

Rika walked out from the kitchen with few plates after a short while. She had hard time trying to walk properly, diuretic had affected her faster than she had thought and she really had to pee. Rika was almost at the end of the corridor when Takako walked towards her, she was holding her diaper from the waist, it looked like it was sagging so heavily that the tapes couldn't hold it up.

"Hey, can I ask you something?" Rika whispered to Takako.

"Make it quick, I need new diaper as soon as possible" Takako answered.

"Did you take too large dose of laxative on purpose?"

Takako quickly gazed around before she answered.

"Just between you and me, I love the feeling of messy diaper. I love it so much that I can't control myself"

"I'm starting to have same feeling about wet diaper" Rika whispered and smiled.

"But your diaper is still dry" Takako glanced Rika's diaper.

"Not for long"

Takako smiled and hurried towards the locker room. Rika walked to the other end of the restaurant, to the table where school girls were sitting.

"Ah, finally!" girl in the middle said.

Rika put the plates on the table and then it happened, she just couldn't hold it anymore and she started wetting her diaper. All the girls looked at her and customers on the tables near them also looked at her. Wetness spread fast, diaper became warm first from her crotch and then spread to her bottom. Slowly diaper started sagging. Rika closed her eyes, the sensation was almost overwhelming, she wanted to do it again and again.

"Wow, you really had to pee" girl said after Rika finally stopped peeing.

"Yeah, I couldn't hold it anymore"

"You probably better change that diaper, I don't think it can hold another accident"

"You're probably right" Rika smiled, turned around and hurried towards the locker rooms.

She went in the locker room and looked around, there wasn't anyone in there. Rika sat down on the bench and she couldn't resist anymore, she put her hand in her diaper and fingered herself. She closed her eyes, bit her lip and moaned. Suddenly she heard a sound, sound of a closing door. Rika opened her eyes and saw Hiroko standing at the door, she was looking at Rika. Rika opened her mouth but didn't know what to say.

"First accident in front of the customers?" Hiroko asked.

"Uh, yes"

"Do you need help?"

"N...no" Rika felt herself blushing.

"Okay" Hiroko walked to the locked which was on the opposite side of Rika's locker.

Now Rika saw that Hiroko's diaper was wet. Hiroko took off the diaper and threw it in the trashcan. She took wet wipes from her locker, cleaned herself and put on clean diaper.

"Have fun" Hiroko said before she left the room.

Rika suddenly realised that she still had her hand in her diaper, she was little ashamed but also turned on. She had known Hiroko only for a moment but it felt like there was something special between them.

Panties and shorts felt weird when Rika put them on. Her shift had just ended and she was changing her clothes. Hiroko was also changing her clothes.

"So, how many diapers did you use today?" Hiroko asked.

"I'm not sure 8 or 10" Rika answered and closed the locker after she had changed her clothes.

Rika turned around to look at Hiroko. Hiroko was wearing gray shirt and blue jeans.

"And you?" Rika asked.

"9" Hiroko answered and walked to the door, Rika followed her.

"How was your first shift?" Hiroko asked while they were walking towards the entrance.

"I loved every moment. And I got huge tips"

"You'll make good money on this job"

Hiroko stopped outside the restaurant and gestured Rika to stop.

"Listen, um...I have diapers in my apartment. So if you ever want to have fun, then maybe we could...you know..." Hiroko blushed.

"Uh, um yeah...sure! Maybe tomorrow?" Rika blushed too.

Hiroko looked at Rika like she couldn't believe her ears.

"Really? Great! Tomorrow is good"

Hiroko smiled nervously and Rika smiled back, then they looked at the ground and moved their legs uneasily.

"Well, I see you tomorrow. In work and after that" Rika said.

"Yeah, tomorrow" Hiroko answered.

They looked each other one more time before they walked in the different directions, both of them smiling.

Rika pushed the elevator button and leaned against the wall, elevator started to ascend. She suddenly became aware that she needed to pee, she closed her eyes and relaxed. She was suddenly alarmed by the wet feeling on her legs. She opened her eyes.

"Oh crap!" she had totally forgot that she wasn't wearing a diaper.

Pee gushed through her shorts, ran down her legs and splashed on the elevator floor. Rika knew it was too late to try stop it, so she just let it all out. Elevator floor was now full of urine and Rika's shoes began to feel wet. Elevator stopped and door opened. Rika peeked to the corridor, she didn't see any of her neighbours. She quickly walked to her apartment's door without running or making too much noise. Finally she managed to open the door with her keys. She closed the door behind her and sighed in relief.

"Rika?"

Satomi was standing in front of her, she was looking at the Rika's crotch and she had amazed look on her face. At least Satomi was wearing clothes, red t-shirt and red skirt.

"Um, hi!" Rika said.

"Why is your shorts wet?"

"Um, I forgot that I'm not wearing a diaper"

"You wet yourself?!"

"Yeah" Rika walked past Satomi.

Rika was about to walk in her room when she saw someone sitting on the couch. Elderly woman, long gray hair, big blue eyes and white long dress.

"Mom! Um, hi!" Rika felt her heart beating faster.

Their mother was looking at Rika's crotch and looked angry.

"Should I ask first and then spank you or vice versa?" she asked.

"It's not what it looks like" Rika answered.

"I heard what you said to Satomi. I came here to meet my daughters and what do I find? youngest is lying half-naked all days and oldest has forgotten her potty training"

Rika looked at Satomi who was looking at the floor, Satomi was also rubbing her bottom. Rika deduced that their mother had spanked Satomi.

"Satomi! Go to the store and buy two packages of diapers" their mother said.

"Two? Why?" Satomi asked.

"You're both going back to diapers"

"But mom...!"

"No buts!"

Satomi glanced Rika, walked to the door and left the apartment.

"So, what's it going to be? asking and spanking or vice versa?" mother asked.

Rika sighed deeply, there was no way she could talk her way out of this. She walked to her mother, lowered her shorts and panties to her knees. Her mother dragged her into the over the knee position, Rika closed her eyes and braced herself.

The End

