Faust`s Daily Dimensional Diving for Desperate Developments

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2019-08-29 03:30

AuthorFaust: Hello everyone, and welcome to...

The CRACK of a whip rings out, interrupting the author that you are all likely familiar with...The source being an unfamiliar man, with auburn hair, styled as messy to one side....but perfectly trimmed on the other in a stark contrast to one another. He wore a brown vest over a white shirt, (topped with a blue tie) And long, but perfectly pressed black pants, with nary a wrinkle in sight.

"You can drop the usual spiel." he calls, a murky-textured black whip straightening out and forming into a cane, as he folds his hands over it. "Everyone knows why you're here, and what it's about.."

The shrouded form of the Author cut a scowl and a sneer to the well-dressed man, but shook his head after a few moments of held disgust, one of his hands tracing a line in the air....And forming a book with a blue cover...Grasping it between his fingers, as he pulled it closer to himself.

"Yeah yeah.."he grumbled, thumbing to the front of the book..which was strangely blank. "Been lacking in my writing department, and I've been needing to catch up. Life's been up and down, but I need to get back into the swing of things, or I'll lose my edge."

"Presuming it hasn't already slipped away.." the well dressed man mused with a small grin, earning another sneer from the Author.

"So, I've decided to bring you all on.." he started, running his fingers over one of the pages, as it slowly started to fill with letters, and colors. "A little journey of an Author. A sort of trip, through ideas.... Or, as the title of the thread should say..."

[Faust's Daily Dimension Diving (for) Desperate Developments] [Faust 5Ds for short]

"In short, it's going to be a section of short fiction pieces.." the author stated, magicking a pair of glasses to rest on his head. "To help me get back into writing shape. There won't likely be any epics, or other outstanding work pieces, but getting some progress is better than none, yeah?"

The well dressed man said nothing, but one could see the Author cutting him a glare as he stood perfectly still... Wearing the same, devilish smile all the way.

"And this....charming gentleman.." the Author stated, gesturing at the reddish-brown haired stranger. "Is going to be my...Assistant, for this set of events. Ei-"

The well-dressed man raised a finger to his lips in a shushing gesture...Earning a cold glare from the Author...As he leaned forward on his cane.

"My name is Eiji Biwasaka." he stated plainly, still never losing the coy smile. "You could say I'm less of an assistant and more of a...warden. I'm here to...encourage our friend here to do as he says. It's always unsightly when one can't keep their promises, is it not?"

He gave a light chuckle, glancing over at the Author with the same wicked smile...Before taking a few steps back, and gesturing forward.

"Go on then... Now you can give them the spiel."

The hooded figure of the Author stepped forward the moment Eiji stepped out of the way, turning the book around.

"It's going to be simple." he started, pointing at a set of lines. "I'm going to show you all various little ideas that pop up in my head.... Little scenarios, with people old and new to you... And, hopefully you'll like at least a few of them."

The words shifted around, changing to pictures of other people. Of shapely pinkettes, of modest silverettes, classrooms, car rides, fairs, trips, and even inside homes...As he waved his hand over it once more.

"If I can get About 20 or so stories done by the end of September, I'll consider this a success. If it's anything less, then well..."

"Mhmhm... Well, let's not find out, okay?" Eiji interjected, giving a wave to you. "Ta-ta for now. Hopefully, you won't need to worry about me anymore, audience."

The author sneered again... but opened the book once more.... Drawing his finger over the pages...and diving in...

###

(Day 1: Not entirely...)

"So....This is Avacyn's Ace-card power.." a certain, shapely girl with violet hair called, glancing down at the beautiful Angel card that started her Magic Journey.......Coupled with the power of her mysterious, red-haired girl's Sarilian item......

Bouncy had heard from Keep before that some cards tended to bring people luck, curry favor with negotiations, or had various other niches of support.... But, it was the first time she had been able to well and truly see the effects of it in action. The card normally made all of her things indestructible in the game, but in reality...

"Y..You've had like, three bottles of water.." Meta, the source of the unnatural power called, bouncing from foot to foot. "And you haven't peed since school started. Are you Tr-Trying to get people's attention with that bloated bladder, or....?"

"N..No..." the violet haired girl stammered, pressing her legs together. "I was just....kind of curious...you know.."

She had a feeling the card was special, but she had no idea when she started how special. Despite what the girl had said, and the hours of silent testing, and schoolwork....

Bouncy had found herself able to not only withstand the growing pressure in her body, but hadn't made so much as a single spot on her panties! No matter how many people she bumped into in the halls, how many times she had to bend down to pick up her dropped things, or even the sounds of splashing or running water tormented her....

She felt merely...very full...but never quite at the level where wetting herself was even a thought. She could feel her body sloshing with every step....A bit of her body warming up at the sensation...And she still crossed her legs every time someone used the water fountain, or sink.......And yet, she still felt completely in control.

"I wonder if Keep knows about this.." she mused to herself, as the red haired spirit tugged fruitlessly at her arm, trying to drag her aside.

"C..C'mon, Bouncy, this is..isn't funny..!" Meta cried out, one hand constantly dipping and burying in her skirt. "I...I know the school bathrooms are crazy gross, but it's better than the alternative, isn't it?"

Bouncy ignored the pleas of her nearly-intangible friend, merely pacing along with tensed legs, as she came to a familiar shop....The ringing signalling the owner, Keep.

"Ah, what can I do you for, Bouncy?" he asked with a friendly wave, lightly brushing the hair out of his eyepatched eye.

The violet haired girl gave a small, teasing smirk... And started to lift her shirt, prompting a hurried blush from the owner.

"Ga...H..Hey...do..don't.." he stammered, nearly falling over the counter to pull it down for her. "W..what if someone walked in and saw..."

"Look~" the girl called in a low tone, barely holding the shirt over her belly.... but showing off a significant distention from her lower belly... Legs lightly trembling as she stood.

"I...umm..wow.." Keep sounded, now noticeably staring at the girl's distended bladder... A flush rushing to his face. "That's... It must be bad.."

Bouncy giggled, and leaned forward, dropping her voice even closer to a whisper as she glanced over the shelf.

"Gimme one of those, and you can touch it.." she offered, prompting a sharp reddening of Keep's face, as he glanced over...stammering.

"Awa...I..I don't..I mean..I could...Aaaaa..."

Meta bounced from foot to foot, snapping a quick glare at Bouncy, as she gestured.

"C..C'mon! Seriously, it's gonna come out if you don't hurry.." the red haired girl sounded, as the Shopkeep sat the pack down on the counter, and Bouncy took it with a grin.

"Thankies, Keep~" she replied with a bright smile, sliding over to one of the chairs, and leaning back. "Be gentle now...."

The brown haired shopkeeper stared from behind his counter as the girl crossed her legs over one another.... Finally allowing her fingers to grip at her distressed opening.... But, still retaining her control, as she kept her shirt rolled up juuuuust enough to show her swollen bladder.

It seemed like minutes passed, before Keep finally worked up the courage to step over and dare to slide his fingers down.... Pressing on that distention with a slow

Pooooooooooooooke

Bouncy shifted and wriggled in her seat, Meta WRITHING beside her as the Keeper pressed....Once...twice...thrice, on an increasingly firm bladder, prompting Bouncy to shiver, and quiver with need....

"Ohhh...Ohhhh it's baaaaaad." she groaned, feeling her body giving her telltale signs of losing the battle...The sensation of pressure mounting, of her lower muscles going numb, of the sharp rises in pressure, from contraction to contraction....

"BOUNCY, I SWEAR TO GOD, IF YOU DON'T GO NOW, I'LL BREAK YOUR BLADDER MYSELF!"

After a few more gentle probes, the girl stood up on shaky legs, giving a playful... Flirty smile to the shopkeeper.

"Mm..Mmmm...I'd bet..better go handle this..." she stated sweetly, swaying her hips back and forth with every step...Squirming, and shifting with every bit of progress.

"R..Right...." Keep answered with a deep blush, standing up and heading back to his counter. "J..just be careful in there! I just mopped a bit ago, so the floor might still be we-"

A thought not entirely heard by the time the girl got into the bathroom... Mere steps from salvation...

But, in an echo of a past event, her careful, tensed posture gave way to the still-wet floor....

A Tragic Slip....

Forcing her legs apart....

P.Pssssh...Pssssssshhhhhhhh

And, the cessation of what she thought was an indestructible bladder....A rush of warm, wet relief rushing out at the signal.....

Dark blue material quickly moistening, darkening, and blooming with her long-overdue waters....A hand weakly grasping the counter for balance, as a loud SPLASHING could be heard throughout the entire store......

Leading to a mirrored release from the red haired spirit (Who was Rightfully Pissed), and another hasty closing of the store, to hide her shame....As it started to puddle across the bathroom floor....

Needing much much more time with a mop now.....

###

*002*2019-08-29 18:38

[Day 2: Too high, too low]

'It..it wasn't supposed to go like this...!'

Hyakkakou Private Academy always seemed like a normal private school at first glance....But, upon the completion of daily lessons, things always turned over to a more....Colorful scenario....

Being a private school where some of the best, richest, and brightest resided, there was a natural competitive streak among the student body....And, as a past incident formally indited, this became the norm through contests, challenges....and Gambling....

In one of the private rooms sat two such girls in such a clash now. Desks were cleared out of the way, and a table was wedged between the two girls....With a fine silk bag, a pair of drinking glasses, and a trio of pitchers, filled with water.

"I'm glad you've accepted my challenge, Jabami.." stated one of the girls, a modestly shaped girl with long blonde hair that was tied into two ponytails with black ribbons (One on each side), Her amber eyes glanced over her opponent, with a serious gaze "As a one on one, there won't be any kind of interference, or outside help to..."

"You don't have to be so formal, Mary~" the other girl, a shapely girl with long, black hair, replied with a pleasant, unassuming smile. "You can call me Yumeko. We're friends, aren't we?"

The blond haired girl, Mary, could be seen gritting her teeth for a few moments... Before breathing a quick, forced sigh.

"I....Guess you could say something like that.." she responded in a curt tone...Before lifting up the bag. "And friends play games together, and such... Which, is why I've invited you here today."

Mary tipped the bag over on the counter, a myriad of dice spilling out onto the table between them.

"We'll take turns drawing dice from this bag, and rolling them." the blond called, picking two up between her fingers, and closing her fist around them. "The person not rolling guesses if the number will be higher than six, or not. If the guesser is right, the roller takes a drink of this water here."

Mary tapped at the pitcher next to her.

"But, if the guesser is wrong, They have to take a drink instead. The game continues until someone concedes. Does that sound acceptable to you?"

"Mmm...." Yumeko, the black haired girl sounded, having fished out a small compact mirror, and a tube of lipstick. "Even if the outcomes aren't perfectly even to begin with..."

Mary flinched at this, as Yumeko ran the lipstick over her own lips... Careful, and precise.

"I suppose the blind-draw is to prove that the die aren't fixed?" she added with a stern look, Mary giving a nod.

"Correct." Mary replied, scooping them into the bag. "We can't see inside of the bag, so we're highly unlikely to get the same die more than once. Keeps it honest...As you like it."

Yumeko smiled, and closed her mirror, tucking away the lipstick as well.

"Sounds good to me, Mary!" she mused, with a broad smile. "What are the stakes?"

"Well, I don't want to go into debt, and i don't want to force you into one....Since we're...friends..." the blonde called, with a forced smile. "But, if the school found out that you were to have an..unfortunate incident...That would certainly sting more than any amount of money, right?"

"Ohhhh...Smart, and dangerous!" Yumeko cooed, clearly enjoying the line of thought. "Something that you can't just pay off, and be free of! If you lose this, then you're going to have that haunting you for the rest of the year....I love it!"

The girl held her arms over the table to try to hug Mary for such a risk, but the blonde merely leaned back to avoid the hug...

"Yes, and I quite like my uniform as it is.." she stated flatly, looking down at her black skirt, and red blazer.... Ankle-length socks, and looked over at her opponent. "Would hate to have to get it washed mid-day.."

"Mmm... Oh yes..."" Yumeko nodded, with a smile. "I'd hate to get my own uniform wet too...And my tights would just make it un. Bearable..."

Mary glanced down at the black material that went all the way up Yumeko's legs, hugging her curvy form tightly, as she gave an internal sigh of relief she didn't have to worry about that kind of thing getting trapped, and running all down the inside of her legs....On top of just sticking to her hips, and..

"So so... Can we start now? I'm feeling lucky.." the black haired girl urged, with an eager grin. Mary gave a slight smile, and nodded.

"Right..." she called, reaching into her bag, and feeling around for two dice. She fished out a pair, showed them to Yumeko, and held them up. "High, or low?"

"Low, Low!" the girl called, almost immediately..Prompting Mary to drop the die.... Ending in a six, and a two...

"An eight." Mary called, a hand moving to the pitcher, and pouring a few ounces for the girl. "Drink up, and we'll continue."

"Awww...Well, next time." the girl lightly pouted, tilting the glass back without letting it brush her lips.....And downing the gulp's worth quickly. "My tun, my turn!"

Mary scooped the die back into the bag, and passed it over to Yumeko, who reach in...Digging around, and pulling out two of her own.

"Alright....High or low?" she asked the blonde, who glanced at the pitcher worriedly.

"High." she stated, going with the slightly more likely outcome. The die clattered to the table, and....

"Twelve!" Yumeko called, before making a light snapping gesture with her hands. "Awww...I lose again. Guess I gotta drink more."

Mary poured the girl another gulp's worth of water, watching as she tilted the glass back...Letting the edge brush her lips for a slight smear on the rim of the glass...And then passed the die back.

"Alright.." Mary sounded, reaching into the bag. "High, or low?"

"Low!" Yumeko called again, taking the riskier option....

"Nine!" Mary stated firmly, a Six and a three as she poured another bout for Yumeko. "Looks like you're not having a good day.."

"Mmm...Three losses in a row.." the girl responded, tilting the glass back again for a gulp...As her fingers lightly pressed against her lips. "Maybe...I should try going high next time..."

When she finished her drink, Yumeko took the bag gently, and pulled out two more die, rolling them around in her hand.

"High, or low?" Yumeko called as she closed her hand, Mary going with another snap decision.

"High!"

The die fell...and, much like the previous times

"Six and a one, Seven! Awww, I gotta drink again..."

As the die were scooped up, and Mary shook the bag lightly, she could be seen giving a small, malicious grin. Things were going her way already....And, the way Yumeko would go for the riskier option.....

It played right into her trap.

As Mary dug around in the bag, she felt for a slightly flat edge, pulling out the die, along with another assorted one. As she held her hand up, she glanced over.

"High, or low?" she asked again, as Yumeko leaned forward, her ample breasts mooshing against the table.

"Low, Low!" she stated, as Mary let the die go, already thinking of the pitcher...

There were dozens of die in the bag, sure... .but, she had taken care to make three die in the bag a touch different than the others... Barely filing the edges of them....

Because they were fixed to always land with the six side up. With that, she could always be guaranteed to roll high......

"Twelve!"

And Yumeko would be forced to drink, every time she went with the lower-odds chance.... As was her nature. And, with her playing the odds in her favor, she would only have to worry about Yumeko's random rolls... Thinking herself able to muster the near 50-50 split long enough, if Yumeko took a few drinks first....

"Mmm.... I can feel it.." the black haired girl sounded, as she stiffened her posture. "Five losses...."

Mary gave a slight smirk, as the girl took the bag from her, pulling the die closer to her face.

"Mmm...Be a good pair, okies?" Yumeko called, giving the two die a slight kiss...Leaving a slight smear on the faces of them, as Mary winced... Watching her roll them up. "High, or low?"

"High!" Mary called, as the die fell....And...

"Ohhhh, it's a two!" Yumeko mused, pointing at Mary. "Looks like you have to drink now!"

Mary gave a slightly disgruntled scoff...but, poured a gulp's worth herself, and downed it...Crossing her legs over one another.

"Let's continue." she started, digging into the bag once more. "High, or Low?"

"Low!" Yumeko called once more, as Mary dropped the die, and....

"Nine." she stated, a six and a three again. "You're really fixed on that low roll.."

"Well you gotta roll low sometime.." Yumeko stated, prompting a flinch from the blonde...As Yumeko took the die again. "Well, High, or low?"

Mary wasn't entirely sure if Yumeko had caught onto the little trick, but seeing a tint of red on the dice she pulled out.... Mary figured it was the dice she had kissed....

Which meant she knew they weren't the trick die. and given she'd picked high every time.....

"I'll go...Low this time..." Mary stated quietly, prompting the girl to smile...And drop the die.....

"Ooooh...Double Sixes. Unfortunate." Yumeko stated, prompting Mary to have to pour some more water, and drink it...

'Has...has she caught on?' Mary thought to herself as she felt the filed edge... And skipped over it. 'No...Better not...If she's caught on, she'll..'

Grabbing two normal dice, she pulled it out for a roll, and shook them.

"High or...."

"Low." Yumeko interrupted, prompting Mary to pause...Dropping the die once more, as they fell...

"Two...and a three...." she stated, as she reach to pour another drink. "Guess...Now i'm on the streak..."

"Hehehe...I knew it would pull through for me." Yumeko mused, smoothing out her skirt as she reach for the bag. "If we were scoring, this would nearly be tied up..."

Mary could feel a swelling of pressure inside herself as well...Pressing her legs together as she bit her lip. The water had been spiked with a special diuretic to hasten the pace of the game, but she didn't expect to be drinking as much as she had already....

"High or low?"

"H..high..!" Mary answered, watching as the die fell to the table, and....

"Four, and two.." Yumeko read out, as Mary poured another gulpful, frowning a bit. "Isn't this fun? The growing pressure, the unknown...The only limit being our own bodies..."

"Hush.." Mary snapped, digging into the bag for the special die, as she asked. "High, or Lo-"

"High..."

Mary flinched....Feeling the edges of the die in her palm to know she was going to roll high. Her eyes glanced to the pitcher, and she dropped the die....

"Two sixes! Oh, you lose again, Mary! I'm sorry!"

Another gulp later, the die passed over to Yumeko, as the two passed back and forth a few more rounds....

A few more rounds in Mary's favor...But, matched by Yumeko, every time Mary felt for a trick die. The blonde had to wonder why the girl could tell, but as she had to down another gulpful, she found her legs crossing over one another tightly...

"Mmmmnn...M..more..." Yumeko sounded, prompting Mary to flinch.

"A..Ah?" Mary asked, as Yumeko leaned forward on the table again.

"How many more do you think you can take?" she called, in an excited tone. "I can see it...The shaking, the quivering, and the wriggling... The winces, and clenches every time you pour a drink... The wary gaze of the remaining pitchers....Just...Imagine... That must be what it looks like right now..Inside of us.."

"D..Don't say weird things..!" Mary snapped, reaching for the bag, as she dug hastily. "You're not doing any better yourself! I can see you shaking, and trembling... You're panting like a weirdo...And...and..."

"Aaah...!" Yumeko gaspsed, her posture tensing up for a few moments....

"ah..?"

"Ohhh....Ohhh, I think a little came out..." Yumeko groaned sweetly, a flush appearing on her face. "Looks like I'm near my limit... Aren't you, Mary?"

"I..I said don't say weird stuff..!" Mary snarled, one hand dipping to her skirt to squeeze hurriedly..As Yumeko pointed at her hand.

"High.." she answered, as the die fell to the counter...Landing on a Six. "Oh, looks like you don't need to roll the second one.."

Mary winced, glancing at the pitcher with an anxious, troubled gaze...Her whole body already trembling, and the pressure in her lower belly feeling like she was the pitcher, as Yumeko stated...

"Go on then..pour.." Yumeko whispered...Prompting Mary to stand slightly, reaching for the pitcher, and starting to tilt it...

Pssss!

As a sudden warmth in the front of her panties prompted a stumble, the pitcher spilling over on the table, and knocking the die onto it's side.....

Where it then tilted over, unwarranted, backwards, to the side of the six....

The sudden deluge of the counter left quite a spill, waters dripping and dribbling off the sides...As Mary winced....

"Oh? Did that die just....change on it's own?" Yumeko asked innocently, prompting a flinch from her friend. "I could have sworn it was going to land on a five there, but it just rolled back onto the six.."

"N..No, It did..." The blonde haired girl snapped as best she could with her hands buried in her skirt...The constant dribbling and trickling of the water onto the floor tormenting her, every passing moment.

"I think you're lying..." Yumeko stated softly, rolling the die onto it's sides, and watching it roll back. "And the edges are worn down...Must be an old die.."

Mary, normally full of proper protests and explanations....Couldn't muster the energy to fight as the girl looked over her with a menacing glare...Almost as if her eyes were glowing, with barely suppressed emotion.

"And there's more than one, too.." she stated, cooly..Despite her body's shaky, trembling posture betraying her intensity only slightly. "Three, if i recall... Three, out of dozens. I'm right, aren't I, Mary?"

"I...." Mary started to protest, but flinched as he felt another spray of warmth, prompting her to tense her thighs, and grit her teeth to hold.....

Yumeko picked up the bag and upturned it into the splashing puddle.....Reaching quickly for two other die, as she held them up to Mary.

"I felt something funny when I was digging..." she stated, quietly. "and, figured I could see if there was a trick to them. You were using them for most of the game, so whenever you picked it, i could guarantee your roll would be high..."

"H..How.." Mary asked through clenched teeth, and tensed thighs....As Yumeko's fingers went to her lips again.

"Ohhh, all the water just ruins my lipstick.." she mused, in a sweet tone. "and, being able to just..rub down the sides...Was an easy way to mark them, whenever you'd roll..Or if I pulled them. I even gave you a hint that I was doing it.... and yet you persisted..."

Mary winced...Prompting Yumeko to give a menacing grin...As she twirled her fingers.

"So, shall we keep playing, until we break?" the girl stated, knees knocking, and legs shaking. "Until we can't control ourselves any longer, and just explode with all of that pent-up pressure? All of that shame and weakness spilling out of our bodies, leaving no secrets about which one of us is the real victor? Or..."

"N..No, Fuck it..you win..." Mary snapped, suddenly DARTING from her chair, and charging for the door. "I can't do this anymore..! I've got to go NOW"

"Ohhh, but Maaaaaaryyyy" Yumeko replied with a fierce glomp...Her hands wrapping around the girl's waistline. "It was so fuuuuuuuuun! Can't we do just one more roll?"

A firm press, on a rock-hard distention....Following by one....two...four sprays of warmth...As the blonde felt her knees growing weak, and her garments growing warm....

"Ah? Mary?"

The blonde sunk to her knees as she pulled her black skirt up as best she could....Dribbles coming from a wet patch at the front.....

As green panties suddenly grew considerably darker...Little spurts graduating to full on sprays....A tiny trickle turning into a deluge....As every part of her lower muscles just finally conceded the battle....

And merrily pumped copious amounts of piddle into, and through her panties.... As it all pooled, and puddled at her feet, leaving her gasping breathless...and pale with shock....

'It...wasn't supposed to go like this..!' she could barely think... The mass of relief washing over her....Even if it was eclipsed by the combined shame of not only losing, but of being caught trying to cheat again.. and getting outplayed, regardless...

"Haaah...Haaaah...Ohhh.." the black haired girl gasped softly, rubbing at Mary's waist. "Ohhh.. You lost a lot, Mary..."

"H..Hush..."

"i think i lost some more just watching you.." Yumeko panted, pulling back as Mary glanced over...Seeing a few lines of dampness along Yumeko's thighs. "Mmmn..but, i don't wanna lose it all in my clothes....So, I think I'll just.."

The girl tilted the spilled pitcher back, and hopped on the last dry part of the desk, pulling the black, stained tights, and some lovely lavender panties down over her upper thighs.....

"Haaaaaaaaaaaaahhh... Aaaaahhhhh..." the black haired girl moaaaaaaaaaaned, as a loud hissing could be heard throughout the room....Yumeko's own personal faucet turning on high, as she started to refill the pitcher with her own pent-up piddle... Shuddering, groaning, and panting as she did.

"Ohhh...Ohhhhh...Ohhh, I've been waiting since lunch to get to pee.." she groaned, shuddering wildly as her faced flushed red with effort. "But you had this challenge, and it just...It was sooooooooo baaaaaaaaaad...."

Her free hand clawed a bit at her face, prompting her to bite her finger sharply....Groaning in excitement.

"Annnnnnd....Annnnnnd in the ennnnnnnnd....I was vic....torrrrrrrriuussssssssssss..."

The pitcher was very nearly full by the time Yumeko was done with it, setting the container precariously on the desk once more...As she sat there gasping for a few extra moments...Giving Mary a full view of her most exposed area.....Before eventually sliding off.

"Feel free to challenge me again sometime, Mary~" she cooed to her friend, tucking her tights and damp panties back up....And skipping off merrily.

"Yeah right...." Mary called flatly, glancing over her damp panties, and soaked socks. "Like I'd be dumb enough to do that again.."

###

*006*2019-08-30 18:14

[Day 3: IDE Conditional]

[Tags: Messing, Spoilers for DDLC]

"Any minute now, he should be walking through that door..."

A girl with long brown hair, tied into a ponytail with a white bow. Light, tasteful bangs hung over the sides, as her emerald eyes glanced over the door from the club room. She closed her eyes for a few moments, counting down the seconds in her head....

'They come in about ten minutes after booting..' she thought, a medley of numbers and text going through her head.. 'About right now, they're talking with....and in a bit, she'll come through the door, and go...'

"Hey everyone!" the sudden barging of the door rang out, as a girl with short, coral pink hair that curled at the ends, and a red bow appeared...With a nearly formless, featureless person. "The new member is here!"

The girl's eyes glanced over at the formless figure, a slight smile coming to her lips.......

"I told you not to call me a 'New member'" the person stated, in an exasperated...Yet flat tone, as another voice called out...

"Welcome to the literature club." another girl, tall, with long purple hair called. "It's a pleasure meeting you. Sayori always says nice things about you."

"Seriously?! You brought a boy?" yet another voice called, belonging to a petite pinkette...who frowned slightly. "Way to kill the atmosphere!"

She felt the light prompt inside of her, and stood up...Moving over as information flowed to her mind.

"Ah, [Player na-]" she started, flinching slightly as words halted in her talk.... Name data being brought to her mind, only to be whisked away almost as fast. "What a...nice surprise. W..Welcome to the club."

She slid out of the foreground, watching as the coral-pink haired girl started introducing them in turn.

"You can ignore Natsuki when she gets moody..." she whispered none-too-quietly as the pinkette stomped. "And this is Yuri, the smartest person in the club."

The purple haired girl shyly averted her gaze...As it came to her turn.

"And it sounds like you already know, Monika!" she added, flourishing her hand at her.

"It's...great to see you again..." she stated, searching for the file data....and still not able to find the name.. "I...uh..I'll be right back. Keep an eye on things, Sayori."

"Ah..?" the coral pink haired girl sounded as Monika went into the hall....Or, at least what looked like the hall from the clubroom.

"What's going on..." she stated to herself, the area around her giving way to lines of numbers, and code. "The game shouldn't be crashing this soon...I haven't even touched anything yet!"

The girl started running her hands over what seemed to be the air, little flashes, and sparks of information appearing for sparse seconds at a time...As she scrolled with her fingers.

"C'mon...C'mon....If I don't fix that bug, they may never play again.." she said out loud to herself, searching....Typing...and pondering....

The truth of it, was she was a character in a video game...That had developed a form of sentience. She knew the world wasn't real, and was even able to manipulate a few things of her own accord.....

The other girls followed a script, a fixed dialogue, and a set pattern. They'd do the exact same things, every day... Every time... No matter what....

And the formless mass? Her connection to the outside. The one thing that graced her dimension, that wasn't fixed to a set pattern.... Someone real...

"Nnn..But, how do I bring it up.." she thought to herself, running over the data for the world. "I need to be able to talk to them...So they know that it's someone who's real..."

She searched the data...but, alas, she couldn't find her way to the [Player Name]...Or, even to the secondary, [Device name]!

"Ugh...How can I talk to them like this.." she thought to herself, before lightly clapping her hands together. "Oh, I know! I'll just toss in the idea for a Nickname, and they can re-enter their name there! Yeah... That'll at least buy me enough time to find out what went wrong.."

She was already off-script for being offscreen, but she'd manage.. She could just stroll back in, sit down at the table, and have one of Natsuki's famous cupcakes.

'Only good part of the regimented script.' she thought, with a small, but forced smile. 'She never screws up the cooking.'

As the girl slid the door open, and started back in though, the girls were already sitting at the table without her.....And the formless figure turned at her.

"Oh, Hey Monika! Welcome back!" they stated...Prompting a small pause, and then a quick nod.

"Thank you..." she called, with a wider smile, as she moved to sit down next to the figure. 'I'll just enjoy the cupcakes, go through the dialogue tree, and just casually bring it up.... The girls should go along with it if i tinker just a little..'

Yet, as she sat down... There were no cupcakes on the table, but rather....

"Consider yourself lucky...I don't let just anyone try my milkshakes." the pinkette half-sneered, but proudly smirked....As the slurping of drink filled the club room. "Everyone loves them though."

Monika froze for a few seconds, glancing over the sight.....

'Milkshakes?' she thought quietly, as the girls and figure drank away. 'That's...definitely not right..'

"You're not drinking, Monika?" the figure stated, prompting the girl to snap out of her thoughts again..

"Ah....Ah, right.." she responded a bit robotically, pulling the cold glass into her hands, and giving a stuck straw a cautious sip.

'Oh wow, this is really good..' she thought to herself, finding herself slurping it down quietly as the group chattered about inconsequential things.... Prompting Monika to recount the....issues she'd seen so far.

No character name, the Player acknowledging her off-script entry....And now, milkshakes....

"Ahahah....I..I think i drank it too fast.." Sayori's voice called, with a light chuckle. "I..think my tummy's a little upset..."

"Ugh, that's what happens when you drink something milk based, Sayori." Natsuki quipped, with a light frown. "You know that you're not supposed to be drinking dairy stuff...And yet, you keep doing it!"

Monika raised an eyebrow at this, seeing the girl resting a hand on her stomach.

"I can't help it! They're just soooooooo good..!" she stated, nervously chuckling. "But, I'll be fiiine...Just..need to rest for a bit.."

Monika didn't remember that kind of detail in Sayori's character data, but it wasn't outside the realm of possibility. Perhaps some patch was done to the game, to update the other characters? Not that it would change much in the long run....She thought.

"And...You keep sticking around despite...You know.." Yuri's voice quickly added, pointing at Natsuki... Who was shifting, and fidgeting in her seat.

"I'm f-fine!" Natsuki snapped, one leg sliding over the other. "The school bathrooms are nuts...I'll just go when i get home.."

"Are you sure you'll be okay, Sayori?" the figure asked in a lightly worried tone... The girl wincing a bit.

"Ahaha..Yeah...Yeah, it's just.. a little warm in here.." she started, leaning forward a slight bit. "You...don't mind if I take off my blazer, do you? Class is over, after all..."

Monika glanced over at the girl, and the others in turn. The uniforms they all wore, a warm grey blazer, a brown sweatervest over a white shirt, and a dark blue skirt that stopped at various parts of their upper thighs....

The other girls all wore white socks that stopped just below their knees, but Monika herself wore black thighhighs.... As a matter of personal taste, and to make herself stand out from the others.... In the hopes of being recognized a bit more by the person controlling the formless figure.

As Sayori stripped her blazer, Monika could see the lightest outline of something beige under the shirt.

'Probably just her bra..' Monika thought, before going wide-eyed again... 'Wait... but, they don't have models with that in mind...! This isn't that kind of game...'

Monika suddenly started to shift her shoulders in her seat, as if trying to discover any other changes in her body....But, any awkwardness that would come of that was quickly dashed away by another noise.

Nyyyeeeoooooooooolllll

"A...Awawaaaaa.." Sayori suddenly sounded, doubling over with her hands clutching her stomach. "Aaaaa...Ahh..Owwwie...Ohhhh..It's getting bad.."

"You'd better go to the bathroom, before the clubroom ends up..." Natsuki started, as the formless figure waved his hand.

"Hey, don't talk about such things freely.." he stated, sounding a bit flustered. "I mean....That kind of thing is personal, isn't it?"

"W..well, if she ends up having an accident again because she's obsessed with my shakes..." the pinkette snapped, as the figure pointed at her.

"Well, you're not looking too great either." he stated, prompting a flinch from the petite pinkette. "You've been rocking back and forth in your seat for a while now. Why don't you go to the bathroom?"

"I..I already said i was fine!" the pinkette retorted with an averted gaze, and a blush. "I...I can hold it, until the club activities are over, at least..."

"So, what are club activities?" the figure called...Prompting the purple haired girl to stand up.

"Well, mostly we just.." she started, Natsuki's body lightly quivering. "Read, and discuss books we've read...And sometimes, make poems too."

"Ah..I see.." he started, as Monika prepared to step forward to continue the conversation....Before Sayori let out a sharp gasp.

"Haaah..!!!" she sounded...Before starting to relax again, and continue rubbing her stomach. "Oh...Ohh...False alarm...still good..."

"D..don't scare me like that..." the pinkette snapped, as Monika took in the sight for a few moments, and then waved her hand.

"So, why don't we start by reading some books?" she stated, acting as if the two girls weren't struggling, and straining beside her. "Then, maybe we can try a poem if you're up to it, [Pla-]"

She stopped herself again, remembering the missing data...But, then opening her mouth to put in the idea for a nickname....As the girls stood up from their seats.

"A..Alright....G-..Gonna finish Omo-Idol today.." the pinkette quipped, as Sayori stood on shaky legs.

"A..and I'll take something...L..Light, before I...Nnngh..You know.."

Monika glanced at the two girls, watching them go through their patterns, with a much less typical walking cycle than they usually did. Natsuki almost swayed side to side with each step....And Sayori took small steps with her feet close together....Her whole body tensed up, and her skirt lightly caught between her...

'This....this game got a lot lewder..' she thought to herself, as the girls got to their own respective books, prompting Monika to glance around her own materials..... Seeing a load of books she had never seen before....All with various acts of....indecency listed on the back....

As she glanced over more than a few of them, with pictures of various girls in strained, squirming postures....And, titled various things that were word-plays off of bathrooms and such....She lightly started to piece things together.

'Must be some major overhaul mod..' she thought, glancing over at the girl's trembling, shaking posture as they read. 'And..given that this kind of thing was added...I suppose that means..'

Her eyes glanced at the formless figure, who seemed fixated on the two girls...Before picking up a book, and bringing up character data....And a command menu.

<If sayori.chr tummy > 80

Then

Execute Sayori.chr tummytrouble>

A quick tapping with her finger, and the coral pink haired girl suddenly stiffened considerably.

"Ah...! Ahh...!!! Ahhhhh..!!!" she suddenly gasped....shuddered, and then wailed... "No...Nooooo nooo...Noooo...!"

Monika watched as the girl stood up from her chair suddenly, dropping her book to the floor, and cupping her bottom. Monika could see sweat beading on the girl's face....Before gritting her teeth, and groaning....

"Nnnnghhhhh....! I....I...Nnnghh..Ghhhaa...."

Each grunt, and groan was punctuated with a tenting from the girl's skirt...followed by a cacophony of noises..

Brrrrt...fffrrt...bbbrrrbble...

As Monika watched the girl hopelessly start to mess herself, the little tents turning into a prominent marker of shame... As she grunted, gasped, and shuddered.....

Pssss..pssshhhhshh....

And a light pattering of liquid could be seen trickling from under her skirt.... The exertion from one end, continuing to the other. Monika watched the formless figure's gaze turn to Sayori quickly, clearly noting the moment...As she brought up the command menu behind her book again.

<If Natsuki.chr bladder > 80

Then

Execute Natsuki.chr piddlepop>

A few extra moments, she paused... a quick press of her finger...As the pinkette's shifting, squirming figure.. Suddenly froze stiff.

"Ah....!!! Ahhh..No...No, stoppit!" Natsuki sounded, dipping her book to her knees, and clasping her hands over the front of her skirt..... :S-S...stop! I...this isn't...! I'm not supposed to...!! Aghhh...!!"

Monika watched as the girl bent forward in her seat, a flash of pink and white stripes being shown under the dark blue skirt....Surprising Monika again.....

But not as much as the pinkette sounded, as the white gave way to a pale grey... Several wet spots starting to blossom on the crotch of said panties...Before starting to turn into a trickle... and then a full blown gushing...As a fountain of piddle seemed to cascade down the petite pinkette's thighs, splattering to the seat, and pooling under her reading position.......

Prompting the formless player to turn to see as well.....Hopefully confirming Monika's suspicions. As the pinkette's face turned a deep red, and the splashing continued... Monika felt a light, unfamiliar pang in her own body....And lightly tensed her legs.

;This...should be an interesting run through.' she thought, wondering how the two girls must feel....And sneakily closing the menu before anyone could see her operating it. 'What a...colorful player I've found...'

###

*010*2019-09-01 04:00

[Day 4: A Tale of Trouble]

It was another school day in Iselia, much like any other. A small, wooden building out on the countryside...... A small village, just a ways away from the holy shrine of the chosen... And the Desian human ranch....

A place of great worship...and a place where people were tortured, daily.. An uncomfortable parallel, for the time being.

"And on the day of Prophecy next week, the Chosen will receive a message from above..." an older woman, with white hair, and an orange dress called... Pacing around a classroom of vigilant students of various ages.....

"And start the journey to world regeneration..." one of the girls, wearing a white and blue dress, over some black tights....with long, blonde hair that trailed down to her back called. "To seal away the Desians, and bring peace back to the world..."

"Very good, Colette.." the white haired lady called, pacing past her. "it's nice to see someone do their studies...."

Her gaze could be seen fixating at the back of the classroom...Where a boy with spiked brown hair laid head-first on a desk... Snoring away. The woman gave a shake of her head, and turned to the class again, waving her hands.

"Anyways, be sure to remember this lesson. There'll be a test on it next week...." she added, almost glancing over at the sleeping boy. "And I would hate to have to send more bad grades home with your parents..."

The blonde haired girl, Colette, gave an uneasy, almost forced chuckle...As the woman stretched her hands out... Pacing back to the front of her classroom.

"For now though, class is dismissed." she started, prompting almost every student to rise out of their chair. "After cleaning is done. I'll know if any of you were slacking off...And you'll be holding buckets for a week."

Colette gave a slight flinch at the mention of the punishment....Thinking of what the professor would do. One bucket was already heavy enough, when they brought it in to mop....But, two? For the whole week?

The students all started to get up from their chairs, moving to do their share of the cleaning...As the blonde moved back to the sleeping boy.

"L..Lloyd? Class is over now.." she stated softly, nudging the boy gently.... Who merely grumbled, and turned his head the other way.

"Nnn...five more minutes..." he grumbled, nestling himself into his arms some more...As the other students glanced by.

"Just do your part, and go. You know how he gets." one of the other students called.

"Professor'll just give him the punishment for something anyways." another mused....Prompting the blonde to turn.

"Ah...you don't know that.." she stated firmly.... Before glancing back at the boy's sleeping form. If he was this reluctant to wake up, then.....

'He must be exhausted from walking here everyday..' the girl thought to herself, knowing how the boy didn't quite live in the village like the rest of them. He had to travel through the woods, past a bunch of wild animals, and other monsters.

'Maybe..He had to fight some off, and is extra weary today..' she thought, moving around the classroom for spots people hadn't already gotten to....As she came to a quick realization, and had a most brilliant thought.

'If I just stay behind, and make sure the place is spotless, I can tell Professor Raine Lloyd stayed, and helped me clean up!' she thought, with a wide smile. 'And..I mean...He's motivating me to help, so he doesn't get in trouble.... So, it's not untrue...'

First came the easy part: Waiting for the rest of the students to do heir own share, and leave. Colette always thought it was a little sad how quickly people would leave their class when given a chance... But, It had to be just because they wanted to get back home to their families, and play, right? It wasn't an aversion to schoolwork....

Except maybe Lloyd.... she sheepishly admitted to herself, watching as more students started to trickle out.... Leaving her with a mop, bucket... and....

Pang...

A sudden, sharp sensation in her body reminded the girl of something else that needed to be taken care of.... As it had been quite a few hours since she'd had a chance to properly... 'Pick some flowers'...

'It..It's no problem. They just left a little bit left to do..' she thought to herself, as the last of the other students left, and she moved over to the mop and bucket. 'Just gotta...Mop up the front of the class, and it should be fine...'

She grasped the handle of the mop, and dipped it into the water with a quick gesture.... Flinching at the sound of splashing water....

'Nnn..Easy.. It's okay..' she thought to herself, lifting the mop out of the bucket, and sliding it over to the floor with a wet splat....Moving it back and forth.

"Just gotta...get the front of the class, and it should be fine..." she stated to herself again, swaying the mop forward, and back... Side to side....Stepping backwards carefully...Cautiously....Slowly....

'Don't wanna slip, and fall.... again.' she thought nervously, glancing down at the mop as she kept stepping back slowly....gently....until her back was to the wall, windows in her peripheral vision.

"Mmm..! Should..Be fine.." she thought...Before glancing at the floor at the edges of where she mopped. It was....glaringly obvious that she'd mopped only part of the building now... The girl suddenly worrying...

"Oh...but, what if Raine thinks he just mopped the front, and left it half done?" she thought out loud, picturing the boy being lectured, and holding the buckets...Which heightened her resolve, as she squeezed the mop tighter.

"No...I'll keep going! It'll just be a little bit more...I can manage."

She repeated the mantra to herself....Constantly uttering quiet assurances....And slowly kept bringing the mop across the classroom.... Getting more, and more of the building clean....As her body urged her to halt more and more.....especially as she had to go, and dip the tool in the bucket for some more water... The splashing prompting a firm pressing of her thighs together...

"Just...just a bit more..." she thought to herself, having gotten almost all the way across the back row of the class....As the boy in the desk finally started to rustle to life....

"Mmmtmhh....." he grumbled, opening his eyes blearily, to glance around the classroom. "Ah..! Colette, is class over already?"

"Uh... Uh huh...!" she stated, with a tensed smile, nodding her head. "The pro..Professor was just talking about the World Regeneration Pilgrimage, and.."

"Ohhh, that..." he interrupted lightly, stretching his arms out with a yawn. "Sounds like something you're gonna ace! Ya'know..being the chosen, and all."

"M.Mmm... yes..Of course.." she sounded, her gaze averting the boy's. It...all had seemed so strange to her, the moment it had been told to her. That she was a person, destined to bring peace, and prosperity to the world....

But...at what price...?

"Anyways, if class is over, then I should get back." Lloyd called, hopping up out of his seat. "Dad's probably waiting for me to talk about my lessons. Do you think he'll actually believe I don't have homework for once?"

"Ehehe...I'm sure he will." the blonde replied with a light smile, thinking of all of the 'Homework' Lloyd seemed to misplace, or otherwise 'Forget.' It was rare for the professor to not assign any, but given what was coming up....

"Anyways, talk to you later Colet...Woah..!" the boy called, sliding a few feet as he moved towards the exit, prompting a sharp gasp from the blonde.

"Ah...! I'm sorry!" she exclaimed, quickly. "I...I've been mopping the floor! Careful.."

"R..Right...my bad..." the boy called, regaining his posture....and slowly inching along. "Be careful yourself, Colette! Don't want anything happening to you, after all!"

The blonde's heart skipped a beat at this...but, the skipped pulse was quickly echoed by her own bladder... very insistent on her making her way out too...As she dug into the mop handle with her body.... Watching the boy leave her alone in the schoolroom.

"I'm..I'm almost done..." she stated to herself, pushing in the boy's chair...And starting to drag the mop along. "I just...just need to make it a little more..."

Her home was a short distance away from the classroom. Less than two minutes, even when the weather was bad. She just had to get a few more feet, and put the mop up....

"just a bit.... Just a bit..." she assured herself out loud, squeezing her legs together. "just...Just a bit....D..D..done..!'

She felt her back press against a wall once more, and glanced over her handiwork... The entire classroom floor spotless, and clean!

"Mmm...! Now..just gotta put the things away..." she stated to herself, inching along slowly, carefully..... Squeezing her legs tightly, as she pondered pressing a hand down there...

'Just a little more..' she thought, trying to calm the aching storm that was her need....Her steps turning to an even slower hobble...As she made her way to the front of the classroom. 'Just...Gotta get this to the side so no one trips over it....And....And...'

She stretched to set the mop against the wall, bending down to pick up the bucket...

Sssshh...

Prompting a pinkening of her cheeks, and a quick gasp.... A sudden, short spurt of warmth warming the front of her tights.

"Ahh...! No..No, not yet.." she cried to herself, grasping the handle of the bucket...as she dipped her free hand down.. Squeezing herself tightly.....

'I..I just mopped this floor... I can't..' she thought to herself, glancing down at the bucket hurriedly. It was...roughly half full, after all of her mopping....Which, gave her an idea.....If, one she didn't want to consider...

'I could....Oh, but what if someone saw..' she thought, glancing down at it as she carried the bucket to the side of the class...moving to set it in it's spot. 'Oh. i don't want to think what would happen if...'

She froze in her thought process as another spray of warmth warmed the front of her outfit... A slight dampness visible through her dress...As she glanced at the doorway, and the windows....

Nobody was around...Nobody was coming in...Nobody could see...

'Professor, I'm sorry....' she apologized in her head, as she set the bucket down in front of her...As Her other hand moved under her dress to tug at her tights. 'But...but it's an absolute emergency!'

She knelt into a half squat, pulling down her black tights (and damp white panties), and felt almost all of the weight in her body drop to her personal faucet....And then...

"A..Ahhh.....!'

On out. A sense of relief washed over Colette as a near clear, greyish-yellow stream sputtered and sprayed into the bucket.... Splashing, and pitter-pattering as she felt the entire afternoon's worth of piddle finally escaping her body.

"Ohhhh....Ohhh...Th..thank goodness.." she uttered to herself, feeling the pressure in her body relenting.... Her own urge finally melting away... And her cares melting away.....

About a solid minute later, the girl glanced down at the bucket...with shock!

"O..Oh no..Oh no..!" she called out, seeing she had not only refilled the bucket...but overflowed it, a puddle formed around the bucket, of the mixture of her piddle, and the waters. She felt her face grow hot, blushing ear to ear at her careless mistake....Trying to stand herself back up.

"Ohhh.. Oh no... I'm sorry Mr. Bucket...I just..." she called out loud, knowing that she'd have to empty it out so no one got suspicious... And fetch more water, and go to clean up again, and....

"W..Woah!"

Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a sudden shift in gravity... A sudden slip, under her heels..... A stumble, a tumble, and a CRASHING backwards.... Arms flailed out in a vain attempt to catch herself on a wall....

As the girl made a Colette-shaped hole in the older school building....Crashing through the aged wood, and hitting the ground hard...

"Owwie..."

It hurt.. not too overwhelmingly bad.... but, enough that she didn't want to get up right away....

"A-At least nobody saw that..."

###

*012*2019-09-02 04:26

[Day 5: Trouble down below]

[Tags: Tummy Trouble, Mild fantasy]

"Nnnnghh... Is it over yet?'

The sun could be seen peeking into the college building, a smattering of students listening to a literature course.... One in particular, with her gaze averted from the teacher, and glancing over a black notebook instead. A modestly endowed, slender girl with shoulder length black hair, and half-closed amber eyes, she stretched a hand over her mouth in a suppressed yawn....Clearly disinterested in the rest of the lesson.

'Musta taken a hundred notes...' she internally grumbled, thumbing open the black-covered notebook.... Eyes glancing over a section labelled [How to use it]

'The person whose name is written in this note, will expel the contents of their bladder...' she glazed over, trying to keep awake. 'If no details are specified, the subject will merely urinate, 40 seconds after writing the name. Details can be added to prolong the release for Up to 12 hours, safely.'

Useful for getting through long days without incident, she supposed...As she continued ignoring the literature lesson.

'At the designated urination time, the subject will void, uncontrollably. Prior to the release itself, the subject will act as a course of action they deem most appropriate..... Though, by the time the subject realizes the situation, it will likely be too late to mitigate the damage.'

The girl glanced down at the knee-length, flowing black skirt she wore....Figuring it would take less time to move out of the way....As she kept reading.

'The subject may still feel desperation from the eventual release, but the subject will be Strongly discouraged from prematurely voiding, through leaps in logic adequate for the target, unless otherwise detailed in the transcription of their urination.'

So, if someone wasn't given instruction when writing, they'd just gravitate towards whatever would provide the expected result.

'When Detailed, the subject will follow written orders to the best of their ability. However, when the designated time hits, the subject will urinate...No sooner, No later.'

The girl gave a slight sigh, almost jokingly upset at the lack of reality warping powers.....But, given the contents of the book....

"Kozuko Motou! Who said 'This above all: To thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day. Thou canst not then be false to any man? "

"William Shakespeare." she retorted flatly, placating the professor with an educated, if random guess. She glanced back over the book lazily, pondering how many rules there could be to such a book...

Rrrrrrrring

As the bell signalling her freedom from the lecture sounded.... And the girl quickly scooped her things up.

"See ya, byyyeeeee." the girl called before the professor could protest... Almost every other student following suit, as she quickly navigated the halls... And out onto the campus.

It was a late autumn day, so the weather was getting a bit chilly.... But, thanks to her thigh-high black socks, and dark blazer over a violet shirt, she felt warm, even with a skirt. A light brushing off from the prolonged lesson, and a glance around campus... The girl gave a quiet sigh.....

"Always so much weird shit around here.." she grumbled, passing by dozens of students.... And just as many strange, weirdly shaped and colored creatures.... Beings shaped like dogs, cats, monkeys, and various animals in between... Seemingly unnoticed by the general populace...

"Ah..! My phone just randomly died!" a boy called, as a strange, yellow cat like being tapped at his phone. "i was at 20%!"

"I...aah... Haa choo!" a girl with red hair started, sneezing loudly. "Cah..cahn't stahp... Ahhh-CHOO...Sneez....AAAHHH-CHOO....."

A strange, grey bird circled her, twirling it's tail feathers under her nose....

"Damn Yokai.." she grumbled, passing by the mish-mash of various beings.... A purple aura circling her as she did. They were various monsters and beings that caused mischief, and unexplained phenomena in the world..... But, unless you had a magical tool, or were empowered in some way, you couldn't see or interact with them yourself.....

"Kweh? Hoooo Yooouuu?" A hopping, emerald owl glanced down at her.... A singular golden eye scanning over her...

"Nunya.." she replied, keeping pace....As the owl started to hobble to her.

"Whoooo?"

"As in, Nunya Business." she snapped, the violet aura around her shifting into another, human like being... That slammed a fist across the owl's body.....

Sending it flying off into the distance, way off campus...As Kozuko didn't even break stride.

"I coulda handled it, Lotto.." she grumbled quietly, her own powers tending to manifest whenever she was in any form of danger.... Or, if she just needed something done, and hadn't the hands for it, really. It was... a weird power she couldn't remember getting, but useful nevertheless....

Other people couldn't see Lotto, but the effects it had could be witnessed in one way...

Pang..

Or another....

'Dammit, taking care of that small fry means i gotta piss now..' she grumbled internally, the small yokai likely not worth the trouble Lotto instated.....

Every time the power came out, it came with a slight price.... And, in the usual case, it meant she'd have energy compensated by a filling of her own bladder.... With rigorous use of Lotto straining her to further heights...

It wasn't a bad urge....Being a single strike meant it wouldn't be too troubling.... About enough to fill a kid's cup, or a small soda can.... just enough to be annoying....

"and..speaking of annoying..."

She glanced a bit up the ways, where a brown-haired boy in jeans and a long-sleeved grey shirt was following a girl with black pigtails...Who was wearing a white jacket, red skirt, and blue, knee length socks.... However....

"Just do it, you coward! Walk up to her, slap her ass, and ask her out!"

A loud, shrill voice called over the boy's shoulder...As a being that looked like an overgrown blue eagle flapped near the boy....

"There's...at least three things wrong with that approach.."

"Don't be a wimp, just nut up, and do it! You've been staring at her ass and legs for like, a fuckin' week! Don't be a bitch, Shun!"

"Flock off, Featherface." Kozuko snapped, pacing up beside the boy, and clasping him on the back. "Let him cower until he's ready."

"Ohhh, well if it isn't Miss Slender Punch-first, piss-later." the bird called, turning it's body. "Look, I'm contracted to this guy until he completes his mission, so you'll have to forgive me if i just wanna get out of this goddamn contract sooner, instead of later."

"Last time i fuss with those rituals.." the boy called, as Kozuko rolled her eyes.

"I could just send you on a one-way trip back to the netherworld, you know." she snapped, leering up at the bird. "Tenderize you... Roast you over a fire... I bet you taste like chicken."

"Hey, go flock yourself, piss queen." it snapped back at her. "if I wanted to, i could easily rip you limb from limb, and you know th-"

A crackle of Aura, an uppercut that send the bird sprawling across the way... And splatting against the ground later... Kozuko shook her head.

"He keeps talkin shit, I'll do it you know." Kozuko stated to the boy, who gave a solemn nod. A firmer panging filled her body, but if it meant getting Griffon to shut up...?

Totally worth it.

"So, gonna nut up? Or, is today another one that's 'Not in the cards.'?"

"I'll.. .do it when i'm ready." the boy called, ignoring the taunting in Kozuko's tone.. As the girl moved along past him.

"Whatever, man.." she stated, striding past him. "I tried."

"Ugggghhhh........"

Kozuko made sure to trample over the sprawled out bird as she walked... moving along down the roads...

She had a long commute ahead of her, trains going from the school to her apartment over an hour long... As she glanced over at the bathrooms... Debating lightly......

'You know... I wonder what the note would do, in this case..' she thought, moving to a bench to dig out the book, crossing her legs, and glancing up at a clock.

'It's almost 5 right now.. If I set my time to piss for 7:00, I should have plenty of time to get home, and make it without incident.' she thought, lightly penning her name down....And writing in a little more.

[Kozuko Motou: Goes to the bathroom at 7:00PM.]

She felt she could make things more specific, but part of her wanted to see what kind of dissuasion the book could instigate in her... Given how little she'd have to stop her when she got back. A few seconds passed... A whole minute... And, all thoughts of using the station bathrooms left her mind. A quick leap to her feet, a hurried step to her train, and the girl made her way through the doors... Moving to get a seat on the train, with a light smile.. Stretching back...

Grrrg...

As a sudden, light sinking in her stomach snapped her out of her focus....Prompting her to stiffen her back.

'Ah....W..wha...'

She felt an uncomfortable shifting in her insides.....She presumed her lunch was finally making progress through her body... And it felt rushed....

Grrrrrrrg...Grrrggggl....

A hand quickly rested on her stomach as she glanced back out the doors... The thoughts of the station bathrooms now at the front of her mind...As the doors shut, and the train picked up the pace...

"Ah.... Shit..." she grumbled to herself, resigning herself to sitting..... And trying to not focus on it. She didn't usually have too many instances of trouble with her stomach..... But, when it did...

Grrrg...Grrrrgggg...Grrrrgggl....

It was bad....

Kozuko sat with her back straight-up in the seat, tensing her bottom as it pressed firmly into the seat..... Sweat starting to form on her brow....

"Nnn... O..Ohhn.... Ohhh....This isn't good.."

She didn't have a watch on her, but as she glanced out the windows, she could still see the outline of her college in the distance... Meaning they'd barely covered any ground.... And she had much longer to wait....

Grrrrrrg....Grrrr....Ffrrrrrrt...

The girl paled as she felt her insides shifting some more.... A quick burst of gas escaping her clenched posterior....As a thought raced to her mind...

'The...The note only covered pissing...' she thought to herself..... hands clutching her stomach as she tensed up some more. 'But...It didn't cover... This shit...!'

Another ominous gurgle, and what felt like a shifting of her insides later... She could feel something threatening to descend....As she took in a tensed breath... Gasping sharply....

"N..Nnno...Nono..." she groaned, trying to force the weight to back off from her exit..... Picturing herself lifting some actual weights or something... Clenching her bottom tightly, and trying to will it back.... As the shifting returned......

Prompting the girl to sweat profusely, and groan...

"Fuckin.... The one time i don't go, and this happens..' she thought, angrily to herself... As she squeezed her eyes shut. 'Lotto..please....I need you..'

The aura circled her for a few moments, but dissipated just as quickly... Prompting a groan of agony from the girl...

It was a power of many uses.... A versatile ability she held near and dear to her....

But, as she was learning...it would do nothing to dissuade her urges from straining her......

'Fuckin....useless...ass....Magic..powers..' she grumbled, feeling the panging of her bladder echoing the cramps in her stomach..... Making her wince, and cross her legs over one another....

'Stupid...Train...moving so slow..' she thought, having no proper sense of time without a clock.... Except....

"Right....Right.. calm down, Kozuko. You can check your phone.." she stated to herself, as if suddenly realizing such a thing... Pulling out the purple device.....

And a smaller version of the yellow cat from before tapping at it with it's paws....

"Shit...Fuckin..cat.." she swatted, batting the cat away...Even if the damage was done. Her phone's battery was dead, and she would have nothing to go on for her remaining time...

So, she would just have to sit....and endure......Until the train made that all-too-important stop... Until the last stop was called.... And she could finally escape...

'Just...Gotta...Hold it..' she thought to herself....Trying to find something on the train to distract her.......

Other passengers....Businessmen... black briefcases....

'Hnnn.. maybe...if I try counting backwards from 1000..' she thought, giving up on distracting enough imagery..... Merely focusing on numbers....

"Nine hundred ninety nine....nine hundred ninety eight..."

It was a slow process... a steady process.. A process filled with many clenches, shifts...Turns, twists...and groans....Yet...

"Fifty...Four.... Fifty...three..Fif...Fif..fifty...t..t..t.t....two..."

[We are at the final stop. Please depart from the station...]

"Th..Th..thank fuck.." she groaned, pushing off of the seat...

Brrrrrrrrrt...

The sudden change in posture... The shifting of her body's needs... The gravity of the situation starting to dawn on her...As she narrowly avoided a complete disaster with some timely tensing... And a hand dipping to her bottom....

"Fuck..fuck fuck..." she stammered, pacing along out of the train hurriedly.... Moving past the doors, and scampering down the sidewalk...

She had a ten minute walk.... A ten minute walk, and she could finally get to her home... Where she could sit on her porcelain throne, release this pent up trouble, and just do literally anything else for the night. As she paced swiftly, the purple essence started to flow around her...As she shook her head.

"N..No...Not now, Lotto. I can't pay it back if you come out.." she snapped, the aura dissipating as she made her way across a crosswalk... The swift, frantic pace starting to slow to a wary waddle.... one hand cupping her bottom, as she tried to keep moving....Getting slower, and slower by the minute...

"Just...a bit more..." she stated to herself, as the aura started to come out again. "I said No Lotto! I feel like I'm gonna pop if you swat every little fly that comes too close to me.."

It was a useful power... but, it tended to overreact... Much to her dismay (And growing agonies as she had to focus on dissipating it).

She had to suppress the power a third time as she finally came up to her apartment building, facing her last challenge...

The stairs. She lived on the second of three floors instead of the top, thankfully... But, the challenge was still before her.....

"Okay...Oh-Kay..." she whimpered softly, clutching her bottom. "Just..gotta...Sprint up the stairs, unlock the door, and just..fucking...DART...."

She had done the trip before. She'd done the trip desperate before, even... She knew she could...

She just had to...

Gurrrrrrrrrrrrrgggl....Crk...

"Fuckin...Gooooooo!" she told herself, as she SPRINTED up the stairs, feeling as her body's straining and struggling was finally reaching it's limits... The shifting in her guts starting to descend....and feeling far too heavy to lift back up. The mental image of a bodybuilder slowly caving into the weight rang into her mind as she dug into her bag...Going for that last important piece to her salvation..

"Key...key...KEY..." she scampered, feeling the pressure doubling down...As a sudden, slow warmth was starting to escape from the front of her body... Signalling how close she was cutting it....

It was going to be a close finish... a photo finish... As soon as she found that god. Damn. KEY.

A sudden clinking noise could be heard through the maddening silence....Prompting the girl to Warily glance over.....

A small, grey weasel jingling a keyring in it's mouth.... Jingling it merrily, as Kozuko's heart sank...

It wasn't just any key ring... It was her key ring....

"G...G..Give it..." she grumbled, starting to bend over to grasp for the key...

Grrrgg...Crrrck...crk..

As the girl felt the shifting weight finally drop out of her....Something solid touching down in her panties, at the change in posture...

"Ah...Ahhh...Agggghhhhhhhaaa...."

Her eyes squeezed shut, her legs buckled...and her whole body descended into a half-squat... The solid, enormous pressure in her stomach finally having it's way with her garments.....

The weight escaping, and piling into her panties..... Inciting a loud groaaaaaaaan from the girl...

Psssh..psshhh..pssshppshhhhpssshhhhh

As a mirrored warmth started to cascade over the front of the girl's skirt.....Clear, warm wetness sprouting from behind her panty-covered faucet.... Her body caving into both urges simultaneously......A heavy shifting from the back, and a sharp soaking in the front......and an absolute drenching of the black-thigh highs that got caught in the crossfire....

The small weasel looked up at her with a mischievous grin.... Clearly amused by the trouble it had caused.....

At least, until the purple aura started to flow around her, and the small, furry being was grasped in Lotto's clenched fist... It dropping the key in front of the soiled, and shamed Kozuko....

"Go. Fucking. Wild.." she ordered the being....As A multitude of fists spawned from Lotto's back... Clearly intent on giving the weasel the beating of it's life....

While She stood up on shaky knees, unlocked her door, and started to the bathroom...Her face flushed deep red....

"Stupid...weird..shit.." she grumbled as she hastily discarded her soiled and sweaty clothes... Making a mental note to wash her skirt, and poor panties later...

For now, she had a hot date with the shower..... Where she could feel a different warm wetness, and similarly expel the tax Lotto would charge for the beating that the Mischievous Yokai was receiving now.

###

*016*2019-09-03 03:36

[Day 6: A Flash of inspiration]

(Tags: Desperation-only, setup.)

"Good evening, ladies, gents, or whatever in between you may be." a loud, confident voice announced...A bright light illuminating a small studio....

Where a woman with perfect, pale skin.... A tight, form-fitting business suit...Complete with thigh-highs, and a black pencil skirt. A dainty hand pressed up on a pair of glasses, covering glinting, lavender eyes.

"It's not quite the return of Omo-idol, but I've a small show for you, regardless." the woman called, a pointer forming from her hand, as a blackboard appeared from a trapdoor behind her. "Think of it as a little audience participation.... A teaser of things to come... Or, just some light, experiment to test the waters..."

As the camera pulled back a little, one could see a trio of girls waiting quietly.... As the businesswoman flourished her pointer.

"Or, more specifically, their waters." she mused, with a wide grin. "I'm Saril, and tonight, you'll get a special viewing.... A test of limits, but in a much more mundane way..."

She beckoned the group over with her hands, another conjuring up three identical glasses of blue liquid...Before tenting her fingers together lightly.

"In front of you are three drinks, made with my Aqua droplets in the mix." she informed, quickly. "When I motion you, step forward, introduce yourself, and take a glass. Once all three of you have been introduced, we'll drink... And the timer will start. After half an hour, the audience will pick.. and well...The fun will start... So, without further day..."

Saril pointed at the first girl, an incredibly buxom one with long pink twintails, adorned in a white shirt, and a flowing green skirt that stopped halfway down the thighs. Glancing up past her notable upper features, a pair of round glasses circled around a half-glare the girl gave to the audience.

"The name's Saya Takagi." she stated, folding her arms under her ample bosom, as she sought out a few choice targets in the audience. "My eyes are up here, your gaze better not be down there, or I'll make you regret it."

"Ooooh... A feisty one." Saril chuckled, earning her own glare, as she waved her hand over at the next girl. A much, much smaller, petite girl with long, silvery white hair, yet deep crimson eyes. A uniform similar to the previous girl could be seen, though her skirt was pitch black instead, and she wore a white hat on top of her head.

"My...name's Illya.." the girl stated quietly, picking up a glass. "I know I'm not...that much to look at, but I hope you'll choose me.."

"Spoken like a real sweetie." Saril mused, twirling her fingers. "Alright, last girl, come forth!"

A modestly endowed girl hopped forth, with a green track-jacket, a black, pleated skirt, and short, brown hair. She lightly pumped a fist, as she stepped forth.

"Name's Chie Satonaka. I heard there was a challenge, and i wouldn't back down!" she called out confidently, grasping the final glass...As they all stepped back in line...And Saril twirled her fingers.

"Now, each of you are to drink.." she stated, the girls lifting the glasses in turn.... Saya, eying the blue beverage warily.... Illya cupping it with both hands as she sipped... And Chie tilting it back with a single, hardy motion... Chugging it down as if it were a race, and completely throwing off the Hostess's rhythm.

"Ooooh..someone's eager.." Saril mused, the audience giving a few murmurs of excitement, and small talk. "We'll be putting the girls on a 30 minute timer from here, for the drink to have it's effects.... but that would be far too long to make you all wait.... So, why don't I just get my assistant to handle that?"

A grumbling could be heard, if not seen...As a large timer sprang to life above the trio of girls......

Ticking much, much faster....As a strange field seemed to encompass them.

"Time dilation. They'll feel the full 30 minutes, but you'll all barely have to wait one." Saril called rather proudly...As one could see the effects starting along...

Saya's posture tensed, as she started to stand up straight... Legs tensing, and stiffening as her gaze quickly averted from the crowd, with a scowl....

Illya, going from having her hands lightly resting by her sides, to shifting... Adjusting.. and starting to grip at the hem of her skirt.... Legs pressing together, and knees knocking....

And Chie, going from a relaxed posture with her legs spread wide.... Suddenly straightening as her body lightly shifted from side to side... Her hands resting firmly in her jacket pockets...

"Annnd...Time!" Saril stated, the effect thinning...And the girls blinking rapidly as they were freed from the accelerated time. "Now, we'll get to the fun part: Gauging our subjects, and determining who gets to go first."

The girls all flushed a light shade of pink at the mention of an obvious urge... Each looking like they were trying to pretend they hadn't heard it...Or, that it wasn't real.....

"Starting with our first, Miss Saya, lift your skirt..And, tell the audience on a scale of 1-10, how badly do you need to pee?"

The girl shot a venomous glare at the Hostess, but fingers grasped at the hem of her skirt with one hand...lifting it up to show a pair of blue-striped panties.

"It's...at like a nine..." she snapped, trying...and failing to leer grumpily at the audience. "S..so, if it comes to deciding who gets to pee, pick me already..."

Saril chuckled.... a light wave of her finger prompting Saya to let her skirt fall down...As she turned to the next girl.

"Illya? Same action: Same question."

The petite, silvery white haired girl stepped forward with a bright pink flush...As both of her hands lifted her black skirt to show off some...rather frilly white panties.

"I..It's really...really bad.." she stated, quivering wildly as she held her skirt up... The material shaking in her hands, as she tried her best to stand still... Face still flushed with embarrassment. "B..Bu...But...If..if a 10 would be the worst....I...I think I'm...at about an ei..Eight......Please don't make me wet myself..."

A few members of the audience made some loud wolf-whistles at this....But, Saril merely waved her fingers, gesturing the skirt down...As she gestured the brown haired girl forward.

"You know the drill, Chie. Show the audience, and tell them how bad it is."

Rather than pulling her skirt up, Chie's fingers slid down to unclasp her skirt.....Showing a pair of black bite shorts, that showed off copious pantyline underneath.... Yet clung to her body tightly.

"It's...It's at like..a seven, maybe.. but.." she stated, turning to her side to show a slight distention above her shorts.....her bladder bulging out. "I get the feeling it could get a lot worse real fast...."

Saril smiled, the audience getting a good, long look at the girl's extra pose.....Before a flick of Saril's wrist prompted the skirt back up...And Saril to gesture at the audience again.

"So, we've Saya, who says one thing, but means another. She claims it's bad, but perhaps it gets a lot worse..." Saril mused, ignoring the stares from the pinkette. "The quiet, petite silverette who says she's at an eight... But I feel like she's one good push in the right direction away from losing it all.... And, the bold tomboy, who claims it's bad... but could also get a lot worse. Hm~ Hm~ I wonder which of these girls should get the right to go to a bathroom properly... And which should have to improvise...."

Saril gave a devious chuckle, and flourished her hands once more....Several locations popping up on the screen behind her. A large garden, an outdoor public pool, a bucket in a locked broom closet.......And, even a men's bathroom....Cycling through them all, as Saril suddenly held up a finger.

"Ohhh, but where's the fun in picking myself? I feel like we could have a whole adventure for our lucky winner....And, to our losers...perhaps a consolation."

The Goddess started to float above the stage, glancing over the audience with a sense of unrestrained enthusiasm.

"So vote on your favorite now!" she mused, the camera shifting up to see a generous amount of thigh, and a hint of lacey black material... As the woman winked at the camera.

"And we'll see about our winner.... Next time."

The camera flickered off, and it was up to the audience now to decide who got to go.....

At least, that's what it seemed like.

###

*022*2019-09-04 04:31

[Day 7: UnFamiliar]

"Are you sure you'll be okay the rest of the way on your own?"

"I will be fine. I do not wish to trouble you any further."

"Oh, but it's no trouble at all, dear. Anytime I see a lady in need, i just have to come to their aid! It's a man's...."

"Thank you very much for all that you have done. The largest house on the end of this street, yes?"

"Well, yeah...But.."

Turning away from an officer in uniform was a pale skinned, slender girl with untidy black hair that brushed over her shoulders, and nearly covered her eyes,...Pulling along a black case of luggage with her left hand. She wore an oversized, pale blue blouse... marred with patches, and stitches in various spots...Coupled with a pair of black shorts that looked to be a size or two too big, the leg holes meeting in the middle in a way that made it more closely resemble a skirt...While a brown belt, worn and torn through the ages, kept her modesty intact. She took the last swig of a bottle of water she had been nursing for the past hour, then tossed it into a nearby recycle bin.... And repeated the instructions she had been given, for the thousandth time....

"Largest building...End of the street...."

The girl quietly muttered to herself as she paced down the sidewalk, glancing around the neighborhood warily. It was a bright, sunny day, with naught a cloud in the sky....A welcome reprieve from the torrential rain she had been all too used to, as people wandered about the area, talking...skipping rope, playing various games, and doing yardwork. She hadn't seen this many carefree-looking people in a long time.....

"Largest building...End of the street...." she echoed quietly, trying to ignore the stares of people she passed by. She was used to people gawking at her disheveled figure.... But, these were the best clothes she had.

Travel had been a restless, tiresome journey. Several train rides, half-stops... Delays, and transfers......Going what felt like clear across the country in a matter of days was...wearing down on the girl, who barely managed to squeeze in a short nap at the last stop....But, with the tiniest bit of luck, her journey was at an end.

"Largest building..." she muttered quietly as she finally hit the end of the street, pivoting on her worn, black loafers, as her neck lifted up. "End of the street...."

It was...much larger than her old home had been, to be certain. Her aunt had informed her that the home would be large, but....

'I did not think it would be this large..' she thought to herself quietly, feeling something lurch into her throat. Anxiety? Anticipation? She was unsure....

She'd been sent this far away, to live with one of her distant relatives...Due in part to her Aunt, and some relenting from her parents. They mentioned having to go on some sort of business trip, one that they did not wish to bring her along on. However, her Aunt informed them that she would send her off to a different relative that she could.. 'Relate to better'.... Also promising her a room to herself, and enough financial support to continue schooling in a less...hostile environment.

A hand absentmindedly clutched at her right arm, feeling an echo of pain from times past....An injury, she had sustained because of some rowdy classmates...And, had just recently started recovered from.

'It....It wasn't my fault..' she thought to herself quietly, thinking back to the moment. The students were pushing around another girl, harassing her, and threatening her....

She had only stepped in to pull the girl away...She did not intend for it to turn into a fight, where she had been slammed into the edge of one of the metal lockers, and fractured her upper arm, on the right side. It was painful....but, the suspension, coupled with the look her family gave her upon hearing she had gotten into a fight.... It felt far, far more painful.

'It only hurts when i put a lot of weight onto it now..' she thought to herself, as she drug her luggage to the door, clasped her legs together dinstinctly, and raised her right arm.

Thump...Thump..Thump....

A soft knock, as the girl backed up from the door....Resting the luggage on it's side as she waited, listening intently....

Silence....Quiet......And then, suddenly, footsteps! The girl felt herself tensing up more, squaring her shoulders...Straightening her back, and raising a hand up to try and straighten up her hair. It was a futile effort, but as the sound of locks sliding and shifting echoed.... The girl could feel her pulse racing, and her whole body lightly quivering....

This would be her first time meeting the relative...She hadn't heard anything about her, other than she was roughly the same age as her. She mentally debated how to greet her, where she would ask to sleep, what kind of things she could expect. She held her breath as the doorknob turned, closed her eyes, and braced herself as it opened.

"Hm..? Oh...." an unfamiliar voice sounded, as the girl dared to open her eyes.....Looking the person in the doorway over, warily...

She looked about her age, indeed. However, compared to her own shriveled, tattered appearance, the newer girl seemed her opposite in every way. She was nearly a head taller than her, with long...but perfectly straightened, bubblegum pink hair.... A deep blue shirt, with a matching skirt... Both free of wrinkles, tears, or other signs of wear. Compared to her slender physique, the pink haired girl was...certainly gifted in more than a few areas (that she fought not to stare at), and most surprising of all... Her lips curled into a gentle, bright smile upon seeing her.

"You must be Miyu, Yuno's cousin...Or is it great-cousin? Yuno forgets.." the girl stated, tapping a finger to her cheek in light pondering....

"Y..yes.... I am Miyu..." she stated shakily, her fingers pressing together quietly. "I.. hope that my arrival was n-n-not...inopportune..."

"Oh, it's no trouble at all, Miyu!" Yuno stated, glancing down at her side. "Yuno got a call the other day, and was more than ready for Miyu to arrive!."

The girl wanted to breathe a sigh of relief, but as her gaze trailed down the pinkette, she found herself struggling to remember what she had planned to say. A more formal introduction? A passing word from her own aunt? A million questions all half-formed in the girl's head, but as the pinkette grabbed at the large black luggage container she had been dragging around, she flushed a light pink.

"O..Oh, do not worry!!!" she stammered, reaching to take the handle from Yuno's grip. "I...i can bri..bring it in myself..."

However, the pinkette was stronger than she was, lifting the thing that held everything she had brought from her home with relative ease.

"Oh, Yuno can handle it." the pinkette assured, starting to drag it inward. "She heard you hurt your arm a while ago, and insists on helping!"

Miyu felt any fight in her fade away at the girl's statement, watching as she trekked inside of the home....And she followed suit, quietly.

It was....bigger than she expected, but it also felt surprisingly... empty. A large couch, a desk with a laptop settled on it, and a simple, wooden chair in front of the desk. She knew that her relative was rather well off financially, but....

The lack of furnishing in the house seemed.... Odd, to say the least.

"Yuno already has your room prepared....More or less.." the pinkette called, snapping the girl out of her trance, and prompting her to keep pace with the pinkette... following her down a hallway, and into a...

Somber looking room, with an inflated air mattress, another desk with a chair, a deep-mahogany dresser, and a single large lamp in the corner of the room, to illuminate it...At least, when the sunlight trickling in from a window did not. Yuno flicked the lamp on to properly light the room, giving the black haired girl time to gaze over it with wide eyes.

"It's...been a while since i've... Since Yuno's been in this room, so she apologizes for any dust.." the pinkette called, her tone shifting from it's perky cheer for a few moments....As she gestured at the dresser, and mattress. "But, Yuno hopes it'll be comfortable enough!"

"It...It is wonderful.... Th..than...thank you.." she replied quietly, not catching the pinkette's uneasy gaze....But, coming back as the girl paced along her side.

"Yuno..will give you some time to adjust.." the pinkette called, lightly patting her shoulder. "Yuno has to go to her part-time job right now, but she will be back later. There's a phone in the kitchen, and help yourself to anything in the fridge! Yuno'll take MIyu shopping later, and we can grab anything she wants to eat. Promise!"

"I....okay....thank you..." the black haired girl responded softly, her gaze glancing downward as the pinkette strode past her... Moving over to the side of the mattress, and to her luggage case.

"This is...where I will be living, for the next year.." she sounded out to herself, not noticing the pinkette closing the door behind her.... As she started to unzip the case, and open it up.

She didn't have many things with her... Some spare clothes, a small, blue diary, and some books she glanced over in her spare time. She could barely fill even a single drawer in the dresser with the garments she brought, but she was grateful to finally not be in transit... To not be shifting from place to place...to finally be....

In a....home.

'My feet hurt..' she thought, registering the sensation after what felt like a cross-country marathon....A hand pulling the battered black loafers off her feet, to leave them clad in some white socks...Worn out so badly, her toes thretened to tear through the fabric if she took another step. 'Everything kind of hurts a bit.. But... at least Yuno seems to be...pleasant.'

She glanced down at the belt of her shorts, dipping her hands to unfasten it...And breathe a slight sigh of relief. Her shorts slackened along her waist, giving way to a glimpse of white fabric beneath them....As she felt herself laying back on the mattress, head resting on a pillow that had been adorned at the head of it.

It wasn't...incredibly comfortable, but after how long she had been travelling, she could feel her limbs growing heavy....Her eyes starting to flutter closed....

'I wonder...What it will be like here..' she thought to herself quietly...Feeling her mind drifting away. 'Hopefully... it will not be too bad...'

Despite her attempts at relaxing, some part of her was aching still....The sensation pounding...prodding..and nudging at her. She tried to pry her head from the pillow long enough to see if she'd hurt herself again, but found the sensation fading away with the rest of her thoughts in mere moments.....

Before suddenly feeling herself in an incredibly crowded mall, glancing around at a multitude of unfamiliar faces, figures, and people. She barely could get her bearings, before another feeling hit her..

Pang..pang...

Her legs scissored tightly as she pressed her fingers to the hem of a skirt.... Tensing her inner thighs, as she paced around...

"E..Excuse me.." she tried to ask one woman, who was chattering away on her phone, and passed her by completely. "P..Pardon me, but.."

A businessman, glancing down at his watch, ignored her plea as he similarly strode past her...Prompting the girl to shift, writhe, and squirm a bit more....

"I..I..I guess i'll find it myself.." she called out softly, pacing around the unfamiliar mall for some form of sign....

A food court, brimming with people...A crafts store, with many a decoration hanging in the window....A clothing store, wall-to-wall with unfamiliar garments....

None of these provided her the answer, as she kept pace... Trying to shut out the gnawing sensation in her lower belly... The tingling at her front... The growing pressure, caused by her own body's nature....

"Maybe..Maybe it's this way..." she sounded to herself, passing through another herd of unfocused people.... Wincing as she came around to a large fountain in the middle of the walkway... Making the panging in her body all the more prominent, as she let out a soft, quiet whimper...

"Come on.. Come on... Please..."

From the start of the fountain, she kept passing by several areas with unhelpful imagery. A water fountain, sputtering out with the press of a button... An aquarium, bubbling and teeming with fish....

Even a bookstore, which she normally enjoyed, was featuring some novels about Koz-Mo's Odd Journey, the featured cover of a slender, yet modestly endowed girl with her knees knocked, and a strained expression... One Miyu could only imagine she herself resembled....

"Oh hey, it's you!" a roughly familiar voice called, prompting the girl to squeak... Turning to see the cop that had affirmed her directions earlier. "Do you need some help, little miss?"

She felt herself clamming up, squeezing at her skirt with both hands as she tried to make eye contact... Feeling her face blushing bright red, as she hesitated to admit her situation....

"Down the hall, to the right.." the officer told her... As if reading her mind...As she gave a deep bow...

"Thank you very much..!" she nearly shouted, charging down the hall as fast as her little legs would take her.... Taking a right, and seeing a familiar sign....A door, with the female symbol on it.

'Please be open...please let there be one stall open..' she thought hurriedly, pushing into the door with her shoulder....and seeing open doors! Many of them!

"Th..thank goodness..!" she cried out, barging into one of the doors, slamming it shut, and glancing over the commode. She quickly lifted her skirt, pulled down sky-blue panties, and plopped her posterior on the seat...

"Ha...Aaaaahhhhh...Haaahhhhhh....." she sighed happily, feeling the tension melting from her shoulders, back, and thighs.. Warmth spreading over every inch of her body... It was... a pleasant sensation... A relaxing sensation... a...Lingering one?

"H..Hm....?" she eventually sounded, pondering why the warmth was so persistent....Specifically around her waist and legs.......

Before her eyes finally opened, looking to an unfamiliar ceiling. Her eyes didn't feel as heavy anymore, and the sunlight that peeked through the window had turned an orange and golden glint.......

She'd slept clean through the daytime, and it was afternoon.... Yet....

"A..awawa...aaaaaa..." she suddenly, sheepishly squealed.... Glancing down over her body as she sat up... A sizable puddle shaped around her hips and thighs... Marring the poor sheets that had been affixed so carefully on the air mattress, and utterly drenching the black shorts, and white panties she had on beneath. No longer was it a lingering warmth, but a cold, clammy wetness that clung to her legs... Prompting the girl's heart to race, and her face to flush a deep, deep crimson.

"I..I..I..I..." she struggled to speak, her hands clasping over her eyes, to shield them from the view. She...she didn't...she didn't actually.....Did she?

A light parting of fingers, and the sinking of her heart cued what she had feared: She had in fact, fallen asleep, and wet the bed.

"I...but...What if...I must have....A..aaaaa..."

She could feel her body tensing up anew, in horror of what would happen...Of what the pinkette would say, and of how she could pay back such an offense. Her whole body shook for a few minutes in growing anxiety and terror...As the doorknob turned.

"Miyu...? Yuno wanted to check on you.." the voice of the pinkette called out gently...Prompting her to immediately straighten up, and tumble forward, kneeling on the ground before the door even fully opened.

"I..I..I...Sorry...!!!" she quickly stammered out, feeling her eyes welling up as she prostrated before the pinkette, pressing her head to the ground as she curled up. "I...I....travel...long...an....and....I...tired......I...I did...din'nt...mean t-t-toooo...."

She whimpered, daring not to move from her position of absolute submission...Fearful...Fretful..Anxious of what was to come. She could mentally picture the pinkette glancing over her bed, of the telltale puddle directly in the center of it, and of her own dripping, sopping wet garments. She could still feel the chilly wetness clinging to her legs and bottom, a snivelling wreck as she awaited for the yelling... The argument.. the Revulsion....

Yet, as the moments passed, she couldn't hear any sort of remark from the pinkette...No insults, affronts to her stature...And no grasping of her tattered clothes...

No...It was just a maddening silence, as she waited...and waited...and waited....before feeling a hand on her shoulder.

"It's okay. It happens...." she heard the girl whisper, feeling her body being gently nudged up, and pulled into the pinkette's generous frame....

She was...soft. It felt like Miyu's body just melded into the pinkette's shapely, full physique...Her buxom chest meshing to her head almost like the pillow she had relaxed on, as tender hands wrapped around her body.

"I...I know what you've been through..." the pinkette..Yuno..stated in a low, quiet tone.... Fingers running through her messy hair. "She..She told me everything. How they treated you...What they'd say..."

Miyu felt something inside of herself tensing up at the girl tried to comfort her, gently squeezing her.

"My...my family was the same... but, I've gotten better...." Yuno continued, patting her head, gently. "And....I'll be here for you... So you can feel better, too..."

"B..B..But...but...!" the girl protested, before her head was completely mooshed into the girl's ample bosom......A gentle, quiet shushing filling her ears....

"Don't worry...I'm not mad." she began, stroking the back of her head. "It's okay you had an accident...It happens to everyone. No need to worry... We'll get you cleaned up, and into some fresh clothes."

Miyu sniffled, trying to find the words, but unable to form any... Only able to smell the lingering scents of fast food on the girl's clothes.... As her stomach grumbled...

"I...I..." she stammered quietly...As her voice lowered to a whisper "H..Hungry.."

She felt a gentle ruffling of her head, and the pinkette's grip loosened.. Letting her see a warm, loving smile...As Yuno's soft eyes gazed into hers.

"Then, let's get you cleaned up, and we'll go out to eat." the girl called, starting to stand up. "I'll get the bath ready for you, Miyu."

"O..okay.." she answered quietly...Face still flushed from the confusing mixture of emotions, as she sat there, and mentally processed it all. The girl's shift in tone, her vague statement of having been through a similar sensation... And how she was taking her out to eat, instead of punishing her for a mistake.....

It was...an almost alien feeling to her, but as she stripped out of her wet things, and glanced over the dresser that housed her spare clothes, she couldn't help but wonder....maybe even hope...

'M..Maybe it won't be...so bad here..'

###

