Little Dare, Big Mess

Author: HissGenerator

*000*2023-02-28 03:02

There is messing in this story, but it is brief and isn't too.. "messy", let's just say.. or rather I am sparse with the details in this regard.

###

Little Dare, Big Mess

She never really saw herself as a content-posting girl, but ever since she shared a short clip of herself forcing out what little pee remained in her bladder, and more – as a suggestion one of her online omo-friends recommended she’d do to get her comfortable with trying the fetish – she was immediately enthralled by the idea of humiliating herself to the online omorashi community.

Prior to recording, she had slid her shrunken light-blue panties on, and clad her thighs with tight light-gray leggings, pulling them all the way up, but not enough to completely mold all the contours between her upper thighs: it was just snug enough, smooth like that of a figure doll. She didn’t have to go – in fact, she had just gone about an hour prior, but she knew surely some pee must’ve built up by then, when she had suddenly remembered to try out the fetish. To confirm, she dug her fingers into her lower waist, forcefully inciting that distinct urge to urinate: alas, she was right, there was still more in her.

But she knew it would take a lot of digging to coerce the muscles in her bladder to get the urge-tingling ball to start rolling on its own, but she tried. She pushed and pushed, and the more she did so the more she felt those incited tingly urges build, but she could never quite get them to continue tingling on its own after her hand stopped molesting her lower waist. Soon her hand was sore and her lower waist was pink from all the pushing. But just before she tried another method, she did manage to get her bladder to contract by such coercion: she pushed and pushed, then frequented her jabs faster and faster until the tingling urge took itself by its own reins and swelled with urination-desiring intensity, feeling her partially filled bladder contract and send pee down her thin pipe.

But because she had never voluntarily done this kind of thing before, her nerves got the better of her and she clenched her pelvic floor muscles, canceling the flow driving down her urethra, instead holding back the heat at the brink of expulsion between her quivering thighs desperately second-guessing this whole 'omo thing. At least she got to shiver and bite her lips over the goosebumps climbing up her back to the nape of her neck, and elsewhere down the front of her latte thighs.

However, after trying to push again and again with her hands, to gain some semblance of replication in what she just experienced, her hands and wrists fatigued and her lower waist became sore and red. So she opted for another way.

She considered pausing her video, thinking those ten minutes of pushing, and with nothing to show for it, deserved to be deleted, but kept it running anyway. She pulled it closer, and angled it differently so that the light in her bathroom brightened her front side with noisy-patterned, light-gray clarity, leaving no shadows that could hide the dark staining she was about to let out. She inhaled and pushed with her abdominal muscles.

At first, nothing happened.

But then she flexed harder and suddenly a spurt rushed to the front, which her shyness immediately clenched against beneath her panties.. yet not quite quick enough to cut the stream completely, allowing a very light few dribbles to squeeze past her burning hold, and tantalizingly slip and ooze out of her. Her liquid seeps into her panties and her skin is smooched by the absorbent heat of the fabric kissing her back. Only then does she recognize what all the commotion was about in the 'omo community. She hunches forward to find a small gray circle between her inner thighs. She can’t help but clasp herself with intense satisfaction that she just voluntarily and forcefully dribbled a few drops of humiliation into her clothes – though her toilet was only a few feet from the bathtub she stood in.

Her nipples constricted from light-pink to brown and screamed its sharpness beneath her white T; then a different tingle emerged, one teased out by fetish acceptance. She felt she betrayed herself that she had delayed having exposed herself to such purposeful humiliation, as she stared at herself in the full-view mirror. Her tingles only grew more ravishing as she began to fantasize how dirty and humiliating she has become, and it only engulfed her body even more when she pretended that the figure standing before her in the mirror was someone else, gazing upon the pissy circle that has now slightly expanded yet lighter in grayness as she’s given time for her dribbles to spread across the fibers of the fabric.

She looked at herself in the mirror and pretended her online friend was gazing back at her, whoever they were. She bit her lips hard and hunched over to see the dark action that was to emerge out of the grayish damp; she squeezed her waist muscles again, hard and forcefully, this time no longer shy and timid but confident and desirous; her eyelids drooping to the rush of urethra-cutting heat flying down her pipe, irrupting the crevices between herself and her panties, her massive flood gushes out and running against her skin! Her droopy eyes are unable to catch the full glimpse of the exploding darkness, as the release lulls her head back in ecstasy, but her phone camera does not miss a beat.

The grayish damp explodes with a sudden glistening spread, from a pin-drop singularity to a fully-fledged black hole splotch of darkness, her stream spraying hard enough – penetrating its hiss into her ears and bringing them to orgasm as if it pressed a G-spot in her ear canal – to flow out of her leggings like a weak water fountain flow dribbling on itself. The spread sprawls itself like the wet wings of a newly-formed butterfly, darkness rushing and following down her inseams like a newly forming stream.

The thickness of the inseam-gleaming stream grows rapidly at her crotch, no longer giving a defined river-like path but just an overall contiguous splotch. She quickly slams her glistening thighs together, forcing her stream to rush out the front more profusely and slip her hot piss down across the front of her thighs, the darkness now wrapping to the front, just a little more than halfway to the side seams. She parts her legs slightly and a brief light-yellow cascading wall of piss forms between her nigh-touching inner thighs before it tears apart in half and two forked streams glisten in flow down her inseams once again.

Feeling her bladder empty quickly, she pushes harder in the hopes of finding more yellow heat to massage her skin, but ends up farting profusely, whose sound echoes differently beneath her soaked backside. But that doesn’t stop her, especially when she finds more pee to free. So she inhales once again and pushes hard, so hard that she finds herself thirstily extracting out every drop she could at the expense of slowly letting out a different load, but in her desirous state she was fine with going that far – thoroughly relishing in her humility. So as she tried to piss out whatever drops remained, she dumped a massive pressing load into her tight backside. She wasn’t into that kind of thing, but in her thirstful lust she compromised, and quickly discovered that the hard-lumped mass filling her tight space with immense pressure was something else.. another enticing feeling, though the thought of clean-up was a nuisance.

She turned her backside: a heart-shaped splotch of darkness covering her butt, and a bulging protruding out from between her inner upper thighs. The dark inseam fabric swung around to the back, just short of halfway to her side seams, but the back of knees were completely covered in darkness and so were her calves. She caressed and finished herself in the mirror, watching herself get off on her humiliated state. Then she cleaned up, re-thinking whether getting the last few drops was worth it.. but maybe it was just for the pressure of the load fixed.. there..

It all started as a dare, a mere introduction to get her feet a little wet, but she sure did make a big mess..
