A hot and heavy night

Author: Scoobydew

*000*2019-04-09 02:58

Commision for @Alex Oxford

Hope you like!

Maria fussed over the part in her hair again, letting out a grunt of frustration. Today had been her day off, and she had planned.. activities, yet one of the other girls at the resteraunt had called in. Now she was getting dressed and prettying herself up. As much as she was looking forward to a lazy day in, she loved her job and was well known for being the girl to pick up the slack when it arose.

Looking in the mirror again, she ran a comb through it in a last-ditch attempt to get it to behave. Maria was a young Latina woman, with caramel skin and ebony hair streaked with pink highlights. She had a rounded face, clear of blemishes save for a small beauty mark under the right corner of her eye. The girl was blessed with a voluptuous body, with curvy breasts and a round bottom that could be seen even with her skirted waiter's uniform, which was short enough to tease.

Finally being satisfied, she put on a pair of black suede flats and headed out to her car. As she was driving, her stomach made more than a few noises, reminding her of her prior engagement... which was now called off. It was not happy about being stood up... but when was it ever, given her hobbies? "Ay, shut it, you!" she mumbled, glad that she didn't carpool so nobody else could hear her chastising her own body.

When she arrived, she saw why her boss didn't just push through without the other girl; the place was packed! She hurried inside, realizing she wouldn't have time to use the bathroom. It seemed tonight she would be relying on her stamina to push through the few hours until the shift change and the next group could take over! Her stomach seemed to sense this, and responded with another burble deep inside, and Maria blushed and prayed that none of her coworkers would hear her.

Clocking in, Maria went out and got the first few orders on her assigned tables. The first two hours went by fast enough, the customers unremarkable as they were. Despite her need, work always seemed to speed things up. Even the occasional ten-hour shift seemed to go by in a snap... although she was glad she didn't have such a shift tonight. As she worked through the motions, her need became harder and harder to ignore, last night's (purposefully) rich dinner making itself known.

It was nearing the last hour, and things were winding down a little bit, when a single man had come in, sitting in a corner table in her area. Approaching with her notebook, she noticed he was about her age, clean shaven and with long brown hair tied back in a ponytail. He wore a three-piece suit, which looked positively strapping on him, and she couldn't help but bite her lip as she approached.

Snapping out of it and offering a pleasant smile, she spoke, "Good evening, sir! Do you have anything in mind, or would you like to hear tonight's specials...?" She tried her best to hide her desperation, which had grown quite strong now, but couldn't help but lift one foot onto it's toe to press into the floor behind the other. Oh, why did she have to get called in!?

"Oh, I was thinking a cerveza and maybe the appetizer sampler. I'm merely relaxing after a long day, hoping to people watch..." He smiled, looking her up and down before locking eyes, causing the smile to widen further. Maria's cheeks heated and flushed as she wrote down the order, trying her best to refrain from giggling. "I'll bring that right out to you, sir~" She couldn't help but slip into her more casual, seductive accent, although it seemed to please the man before she turned to deliver the order to the kitchens.

The few minutes passed by like hours, and Maria spent the majority of the time pacing, lacking other customers to service in her area. She dared not sit; She new from experience that the position was a little too much like being on the toilet, and she didn't want to risk an accident before her shift was done. Finally the order came up, and she grabbed a bottle of ice cold beer, popping a slice of lime into the top before putting it on the platter and carrying it out to the floor. The strain of lifting the platter caused a puff of gas to slip out of her strained rear, past her round cheeks, although it was quiet enough that no one noticed.

Arriving at the table, she set the meal down and gave the drink to the handsome man, which brought another smile from him. "Thank you, amor. This place always offers quick service! I don't think I'd had the chance to get served by you, though, Miss...?" Maria held a hand to her cheek, not even hiding her reaction. "Maria, señor! I suppose I was just unlucky to not get such a handsome customer like yourself!"

It was the man's turn to blush slightly, although he didn't miss a beat. "You don't have to be so formal! Martín will suffice!" He chuckled, taking a sip of his drink before popping a jalapeno popper in his mouth. Looking down to her legs then, he spoke, "Are you alright, you're quite... antsy."

Maria followed his gaze, finally noticing that her feet were fidgeting as she stood. They took turns hopping up on their toe before falling back to their heels, causing a little dance as the entirety of Maria's legs, up to her butt flexed in desperation. "Oh, it's nothing much! I just, well..." She looked around, "It's been so busy I hadn't found the time to use the bathroom tonight so... I'm a little in need of a break."

Surprisingly, Martín's smile only widened, and a twinkle was in his eye. "Ah, I see! You poor, poor thing. I suppose you have to pee?" Maria offered a quick shake of her head, long locks swishing back and forth, "N-not quite... let's just say I had quite the feast last night." This only seemed to elicit a broader smile on Martín's lips, which in turn caused Maria's heart to flutter. He... liked it? He was a rare one indeed!

"Is this the first time you've had this problem, chica?" He teased, taking another bite from his appetizer as he leaned forward with interest. Maria shook her head again, giggling. "Oh no, definitely not! It gets pretty busy here some nights, and I've been in situations like this before. About a year ago I had a close call... thankfully we had a moment of calm and I was able to run to the toilet before I had a very... public accident." She leaned forward, lowering her voice some, "I had never been so happy to sit down on the toilet in my life, let me tell you~"

"Ahh, I see! I can only imagine what that must have felt like..." He winked. They flirted back and forth some more, no more customers coming in that needed to be serviced by Maria. Eventually, it came time for Maria to clock out. "I'm sorry, I have to go now... one of the girls coming in will be able to take your bill when you're done!" Martín waved it off, "Worry nothing of it, chica! Go clock out..." With a smile, he nodded, and she turned to hastily walk to the time clock.

After she punched out, she decided to head to the restroom before she left, as much as she wanted to keep up her little 'marathon'. However, when she stepped out onto the floor, there was Martín. He grinned, "Hey! I just settled my bill, and was wondering if you'd like to play a quick game of pool?" Maria smiled in return, "Oh, I'd love to, but I need to-" The man held up a hand, "No no, I insist! Just one game, you and me, right now. If you lose, I get your number."

Maria felt her heart flutter in her chest, as well as a tingle down below. She knew there was no way she could win in her state... although even losing would be a win to her when it came to this catch! "You're on!" She giggled, following Martín to the pool tables.

The game went about as well as she expected it to. She could hardly concentrate enough for billiards, and she wasn't the greatest player in the world to begin with. All she could do was think about how close she was to messing herself in her own place of work! Still, despite her poor performance, Martín seemed to be enjoying her company... at one point, even using the tip of his pool cue to lift Maria's skirt to check her white panties and pantyhose. Maria, being the flirt she was, wiggled her hips in response, teasing the man as much as she could considering the mass in her lower belly waiting to be released out of those round cheeks.

After she inevitably lost, Maria wrote down her phone number on a spare slip of paper in her pocket and handed to him, giving him a pouty face fit for a princess used to winning. "Well, I suppose you got lucky, eh amor?" She mused, "Now, if you'll excuse me-"

Martín interjected, "Ah ah, let me walk you out to your car, I -insist-!" He offered a wink, before offering his arm. Maria huffed, realizing she must have just given her number to the most handsome demon in the city before taking it and slowly walking out to her car with him.

Maria's stomach was cramping now, and she was tenderly taking each step as they walked across the parking lot. Several small toots sounded from her rear, unrestrained now that she was in the sole company of someone who didn't mind her hobby. By the time she got to her car, her stomach muscles were spasming, and she couldn't help but bend over and clutch her middle with her arms as another, louder fart sounded from under her skirt. "O-oh no, oh sh-" She brought a hand to her mouth then, her body slipping into a small squat. Thinking fast, she lifted the back of her skirt, not wanting to soil her uniform.

A final, long fart sounded from Maria's ample bottom, before ending with a faint crackling as her body pushed. A soft, yet still somewhat solid mass left her tired pucker, pushing past her cheeks and settling into her poor panties. A low, guttural moan sounded from her throat as she gave in, her feet taking a wider stance as she pushed more. The soft brown mass filled and squished in her panties, the white fabric staining brown through her see-through pantyhose. Once the first large wave left her tired rear, a few more putters and smaller pieces came out after, before ending in a wet splutter.

It took little more than a minute for the woman to answer her body's need, but it felt like an eternity standing there in the parking lot, with a captive audience. When she finally opened her eyes and looked behind her, she realized Martín was smiling from ear to ear. Moving to her front then, he stroked her cheek and gave a nod, "Sorry about that, chica. I let myself go overboard. Hopefully I can make it up to you...?" Maria shook her head, smiling, "Nah, it's fine. It was actually kinda fun! Although maybe next time, we can do it when I'm... not in my work uniform, mmm?" The prospect of a 'next time' made Martín's eyes light up.

He pulled his wallet out, pulling a twenty dollar bill out and handing it to her. "Even though it was fun, this is for the panties... No idea if the stain'll get out. Maybe we'll plan it better next time, eh?" Maria took the money, noting that she could probably get a pair even nicer than the basic she had just gone in, and nodded. "Yeah, definitely~" He gently took up the girl's hand, kissing it before taking his leave... and leaving Maria's heart pounding in her chest.

Maria took the time to remove her panties and pantyhose and putting them in one of the plastic shopping bags she kept in her trunk for 'emergencies', as well as some wet wipes from her center console to clean her bottom. Once she was sure she was clean, she lowered her skirt hem back down and drove home, all the while hoping that Martín would call sooner rather than later!

