XCOM: War of the Chosen

Author: herrokitty

*000*2020-08-14 20:12

Hey all, so I've been working on this for a while now but haven't had time with this pandemic so I said I'd post chapter 1 if I finished chapter 2 to stay ahead of it but I decided to just go ahead and post what I had. It's based on a video game, XCOM 2. Hope you enjoy.

From: Central

To: Commander

Subject: File on Callsign: “Quiet”

Date: 2/12/2035

Welcome back, Commander. I’m sending you a dossier on each of our field agents. The first is for Lieutenant Jane Kelly, callsign “Quiet.” She is a gifted leader and one of our top-ranked agents.

Jane Kelly is a 30 year old born in Ireland, though she spent her childhood in the United States. She was ten when the aliens invaded. Her parents sent her back to Ireland early in the alien occupation to keep her safe. Their actions likely saved her life as they were killed shortly after in a raid to round up rebels.

Jane organically put together a squad of resistance fighters to carry out raids and thefts from ADVENT in Ireland. They called themselves “Children of the Earth” and soon became the hub of resistance in Europe. While the organisation did not have the might or tactical success of, say, the Reapers, the Skirmishers, or the Templars (see attached documents for resistance cell reports), they became a symbol of hope for Europeans who wanted to stand up to ADVENT. This put her at the top of ADVENT’s list to capture and kill.

XCOM made rescuing her a top priority, both to gain a talented agent and to prevent extinguishing hope for European resistance fighters. We rescued her from a holding cell in a prison where they did not even provide basic bathroom services. Despite being imprisoned, interrogated, and wearing soiled pants [Shen note: is this detail necessary?], Kelly immediately joined in the combat when freed. After the battle, she and her organisation joined forces with XCOM, uniting European resistance with Asian, given our base in India and connections to Chinese resistance.

Lieutenant Kelly is self-trained in combat and excels at close quarters combat, whether that be hand-to-hand, swordplay with her custom sword, or her trusty shotgun.

From: Jane Kelly

To: Commander

Subject: Propaganda Initiative

Date: 3/17/2035

Congratulations on yet another successful mission, Commander. I’m emailing with a request. As you know, our number of recruits has swelled with recent successes, but when we make contact with new resistance cells, their soldiers are majority male. I think women are often pushed away from combat, either by male leaders or by internalised stereotypes. In order to encourage more women to join the resistance and maybe our ranks at XCOM, I would like to form and lead an all-female squad. Given our new propaganda center, I think we can spread word of our successful missions far and wide. I’ve included a summary of who I would want on the squad in addition to myself. Note that I am asking for one of your coveted new psi operatives - it’s imperative to show women can do anything.

Frances “Deep Six” Edwards, UK, grenadier

Sergeant Edwards was an early member of Children of the Earth. She was discovered by Jane Kelly through innocuous actions of resistance, like graffiti and vandalism, but soon displayed a propensity for explosives in combat. She served as Lieutenant Kelly’s grenadier and explosives expert. At age 27, she joined XCOM alongside Lieutenant Kelly.

Marguerite “Snake Eyes” Dupont, France, assault

Corporal Dupont was a relative newcomer to Children of the Earth when Jane Kelly joined XCOM. Kelly had only recently expanded their resistance efforts from the British islands to France, and Corporal Dupont was already personally fighting ADVENT where she could, such as sabotaging supply runs and fuel depots. Now an XCOM agent at age 26, Corporal Dupont specialises in close quarters combat, like Lieutenant Kelly.

Xuanji “Doc” Jiang, China, support

Lieutenant Jiang is a 29 year old medic from China. Her original schooling was in medicine, but she quit medical school to join the resistance when we first expanded from our home base in India to connect with a resistance cell in China. That early on in the newly reformed XCOM, we needed everyone to do double duty so Jiang participated in combat missions to provide medical support. She was surprisingly proficient at combat and has been a field medic ever since.

Bridget “Oracle” McGregor, Scotland, psi operative

Corporal McGregor, at the young age of 23, is one of our first psionic operatives. The original XCOM had cracked the secret in developing psionic powers, such as mind control (and to note the surviving original psi operatives from that first wave now form the resistance cell “Templars,” whom we are trying to locate and connect with), but it was only recently that we re-developed the technology. Given that, we have only three combat-ready operatives and McGregor is the only one who is female. Despite her Scottish origins, she single-handedly tracked down XCOM to Asia and rose the ranks of on-the-ground resistance until she had gained enough notoriety for us to make contact. She had heard of XCOM and traveled halfway across the world to join. This steely determination was a factor to her latent potential for psionic powers - willpower seems to be a prerequisite.

[Eyes only classified note: McGregor is an accomplished psi operative with immense powers. However, the development of psionic abilities has been negatively correlated with her bladder control. Our researchers are mystified as to why these things seem to be related. This may warrant future study before training new psi operatives.]

From: Commander

To: Jane Kelly

Subject: RE: Propaganda Initiative

Date: 3/17/2035

Request approved. Your first mission is tomorrow.

Wyvern Squad’s five women, led by Jane Kelly, represented the first generation to grow up under alien rule. They were all children when the aliens made first contact. A collection of multiple species acting on behalf of a shadowy group called “the Elders” had invaded with far superior technology and firepower. Humanity, under a united front called XCOM (Extraterrestrial Combat Unit) had put up a tough fight and almost won, but a final push eradicated the XCOM HQ. The aliens installed a puppet world government called ADVENT and humans continued a sham of an existence for the next twenty years.

XCOM had spent the last twenty years rebuilding itself, and with the Avenger aircraft complete, they had the mobile base to spread their wings - literally. Successes came fast against an ADVENT who weren’t expecting this capacity from the resistance. They had to press on while they still had the advantage. They had united resistance cells across Asia and Europe under a single banner and next set their sights on uniting two of the most famous resistance cells, who also famously hated each other - the Skirmishers somewhere in the Pacific islands or Australia and the Reapers in North America.

First, though, Wyvern had to test their mettle as a new squad. They all knew each other, being soldiers for XCOM now for multiple years, but they had never fought together before. Now Jane looked at the soldiers she would lead as they sat together and chatted casually in the barracks. Jane felt a sense of pride at the fact that there were no men in the barracks at the moment - she was sick and tired of people assuming women would avoid the front lines. Just because the world was on hold since 2015 doesn’t mean equality had gone out the window! Unfortunately, a war for survival didn’t leave much room for feminist theory, especially when the aliens cracked down hard on academia and activists.

She gave a little cough and every eye was immediately on her and the room quieted down. “Thank you. You’ve all been briefed as to why our squad was formed. Thank you for accepting. If we prove successful, we will be the posters to recruit the girls of today to be the resistance fighters of tomorrow. But first a mission to prove we’re capable. It’s straightforward. An ADVENT train full of supplies has been stopped in its tracks by local resistance forces in rural China. They of course are on high alert and looking for an attack, but we can’t let this opportunity to pass. The train is in an isolated place with no civilians and we have a window before ADVENT reinforcements arrive. We will neutralise defending forces and claim the supplies for ourselves and local resistance fighters. Any questions?”

They had all read the mission briefing so this was no surprise or questions. Good. Professionals. Kelly ordered, “Great. Let’s move out.”

The five soldiers packed up their final gear and boarded the Skyranger transport aircraft. Lieutenant Kelly already had her armor on, a light blue-grey outfit made out of leather-like material. It could deflect the occasional plasma shot, but most importantly it gave her the flexibility for fast-paced close quarters combat. She adjusted her baseball cap, which was intertwined with her brown ponytail - the hat served no combat purpose, but it was her signature look. Something that would help combat was her weapons. She sheathed a short blade behind her back, glowing red with electrical energy. She also picked out her trusty shotgun and stowed it on the Skyranger.

Sergeant Edwards had shoulder-length straight blonde hair and wore a stiffer tan metallic armor due to her work with explosives. Her arms and legs had metal plates that served her well in case of an explosive mishap or minor gunfire. She stowed a grenade launcher and a magnetic cannon that functioned almost like a minigun with rapid fire.

Corporal Dupont also had a shotgun, like Lieutenant Kelly, but her uniform was more regulation tan with the XCOM logo emblazoned above her right breast and her pants a tan-and-grey cotton. Her hair was darker brown than Kelly’s and was shaved off on the right half of her head but went down to her shoulder on the left.

Lieutenant Jiang had brown metal-plated armor and a standard rifle. Her extra gadgets were the supply of medkits and a GREMLIN drone, which could attack mechanical enemies with an electrical burst, hack alien technology, or deliver basic medical services. Like Kelly, she put her jet-black hair in a ponytail.

Corporal McGregor wore a much sleeker uniform, with tan metallic and curvy grey plates over a form-fitting high-tech black one piece suit designed to amplify her psionic abilities. Additionally, she carried a standard rifle. Her hair was also in a ponytail, one of the only hairstyles military combat would allow with long hair, but it was completely white - a side effect of the psionic process.

With everyone aboard, the Skyranger took off. The main aircraft, the Avenger, had to station itself in a discreet part of China so their attack would be at least somewhat a surprise. They had an hour-long flight ahead of them. As they strapped into their seats, Jiang joked, “Hope you all used the bathroom beforehand.”

Some laughed. McGregor grimaced a little. Her suit hid it well, but ever since her development of psionic abilities, her ability to control her bladder, especially in combat, had plummeted. The scientists had no idea why. The other two psionic operatives were male and had no problems.

Marguerite Dupont also looked a little nervous. She was a relative newcomer to combat, and had discovered she regularly leaked and even on occasion pooped a little in combat. She always had a small bladder, but the stress of gunfire exacerbated it. She had never had an accident bad enough for others to notice, but she couldn’t help but feel it was inevitable.

Jiang’s comment made Jane Kelly realise she actually did not go beforehand. She was so caught up on leading her new squad that she forgot. She didn’t usually have bladder problems, but she remembered vividly her repeated accidents in the ADVENT holding cell, a combination of the lack of bathroom and their torture interrogation. She could feel a twinge in her bladder but hoped it wouldn’t get any more serious than that.

Kelly addressed the squad. “So as you know, XCOM now has a propaganda budget. So, if this goes according to plan, we may have a photoshoot after. In future missions, Lieutenant Jiang’s GREMLIN drone may record footage for distribution.”

Dupont joked, “Get my good side. I’m bald on the other side.”

Her French accent meant it took a second for others to get her joke, but they chuckled along. Truth be told, despite their combat experience and the simple mission, it was hard NOT to get nervous before every mission. A silence fell upon the squad. Sgt. Edwards checked over her gear again to calm her nerves. Jiang was rereading the mission briefing. Kelly absent-mindedly crossed her legs. Dupont and Edwards made some small talk, since they had been in Children of the Earth together prior to joining XCOM, but the others stayed quiet. Kelly wondered if she should have focused more on team-building, but in her experience killing aliens was the best way to learn to trust each other. The friendships would follow.

An hour went by and Firebrand announced they had arrived. The back of the aircraft opened up and the five soldiers rappelled to the ground in a clearing in the middle of a forest. They immediately left the clearing to take cover behind the trees, scanning their surroundings. They were clear, for the moment. They regrouped and Jane Kelly led them towards the tracks where the train was stopped. They made their way slowly and quietly to keep an eye out for any patrols.

It was slow going in the woods and by the time they were within eyesight of the train, it had been half an hour. Kelly could feel a constant and pressing need in her bladder and Dupont was feeling the urge as well. However, it would have to wait as they finally saw their first patrol. Kelly raised a fist to bring everyone to a halt. A squad of three ADVENT officers, probably troops from the train, were walking leisurely in front of them, oblivious. There were two standard troops, decked in full black body armor, and a red-armored officer. They were presumably human, but their helmets covered their entire faces except their mouths, and rumors ran amuck that they were genetically mutated or alien entirely. Either way, they would be immediately hostile.

Jane Kelly quietly unsheathed her sword and pointed to Dupont and McGregor. She put a finger up to her lips to be quiet and pointed at their respective targets. The three of them crept forward behind the unsuspecting squad. Soon, they were right behind the troops and Kelly and Dupont grabbed the two grunts at the same time, stabbing them with a sword and a combat knife, respectively. The officer turned around but McGregor held him in a stasis bubble before he could alert others before overwhelming the officer’s brain with her psionic powers, overwhelming and killing the officer. They had taken down that squad without a single hiccup.

The rest jogged up to join them and they continued their progress to the train. They soon reached the edge of the woods as the train tracks lay before them. Sure enough, an ADVENT train was stopped dead on its tracks. There were about ten carriages. On their side, they saw a variety of ADVENT troopers standing at attention along the length of the train, looking for an attack from precisely where they were. She counted eight regular troopers, a shield-bearer (someone who could muster an energy shield for surrounding troops), and an officer. She turned to Jiang next to her. “I count ten on this side.”

Jiang nodded in agreement. “Who knows how many more are either inside or on the other side.”

Kelly whispered to the rest of Wyvern squad. “They’re expecting an ambush, so we got to get creative. We have no idea how many more troops there are beyond what’s here and it’s too time consuming to scout far enough to find a spot on the tracks we can cross to the other side. Here’s my plan. We will coordinate throwing in our grenades at the ten troops on this side. Make sure to take out the shield bearer and preferably the officer as well. This will drive the troops to head into the woods to find us. We should hide behind various trees a few trees deep and then shoot them in the back when they pass us. Any questions?”

Everyone looked set on the plan. All five of them carried a frag grenade with them. They crouch-walked up to the closest they could get while remaining behind trees and bushes. A silence hung in the air before Kelly shouted, “Now!”

Five grenades sailed into the air. Kelly and the others did not wait to see the exact casualties as they backpedaled as to not get hit accidentally by wild gunfire. They all picked a particularly girthy tree to hide behind. The screams amidst the explosions told them their grenades inflicted some pain and gunfire followed them into the woods. The gunfire, however, was not because they saw who it was but sheer guesswork. A few seconds later, they could hear ADVENT troops plunge into the woods to find them.

McGregor gripped her rifle tightly, her heart beating wildly. She had been in multiple combat missions, but the fear and adrenaline was overwhelming at the start every time. She could hear footsteps and prepared to shoot. As she waited, she could vaguely feel a warmth spread down her legs and she knew she was peeing involuntarily. This now happened every time there was just a tiny bit of action. Fortunately, her black bodysuit and tan metal armor did not stain and it merely soaked through the suit and rolled down the armor. No one was about to look at her legs or the muddy soil beneath her. She refocused on the two troops that had just ran past her tree, one to her left and one to her right. She raised her rifle and aimed expertly before firing a single shot left then right. Both shots went cleanly through their heads and both soldiers went down. She couldn’t help be bemused at how much she looked like a professional soldier in that moment and how much she didn’t in the moment before.

The others took down their marks as well. Jiang was like McGregor and using a standard rifle and took down her own target quickly. Dupont and Kelly pumped lead with shotguns into a soldier each while Edwards mowed down two with her minigun. There were no injuries, nor a single shot even coming close to hitting them.

They had taken down seven soldiers when the gunfire died down. After a brief pause, Kelly crept out of cover and crouch walked back to the train, knowing there would be more troops. As they came close to the tracks where the trees ended, she dove back into cover. She could see several bodies, including the shield bearer and the officer, but an additional three troops had taken cover on top of the train waiting for them while two more stood in front, guns pointed at the trees. Kelly looked to the others. There was nothing to it - they had to take them down the old fashioned way. She gave a nod and burst out of cover, blasting her shotgun. The aggressive tactic worked to surprise the troops for a split second and in that second she had killed the closest soldier.

Dupont did the same and killed the other soldier on ground level. She then sprinted to the train, not having a clear shot at the troops above and hoping her comrades would take care of them. She heard a bullet whiz past her ear and she felt an involuntary bladder spasm as her underwear got soaked. The split second spurt stopped, though, and she reached the train without any more mishaps. She looked up and saw the other three troops fall dead.

Behind her, Edwards had suppressed the troops above with her minigun, buying McGregor and Jiang time to take aim and take out all three soldiers on the roof in rapid succession. The only shot they had gotten off was the one that went past Dupont’s head. Jane Kelly nodded approvingly. This squad got the job done. She wished this mission was video recorded for propaganda use.

Kelly crossed the train between two carriages and peeked her head out the other side. There were no soldiers lying in wait and she gave the others a thumbs up. They headed to the front of the train and found the cabin empty – unsurprising, the train system was mostly automated. They pried the first carriage open and were greeted by an empty barracks. The second was also barracks while the third was a kitchen. The fourth was more interesting… it was the officer's desk. Kelly's time in the resistance made her adept at finding intelligence. Chances are she could find troop movements or leads for local resistance. She told the others to move on while she searched.

The other four troops pressed on. The next carriage was promising – it was their munitions. If they had room they would definitely take some weapons and ammunition. The room after, though, was what they were hoping for. In it was exotic resources like alien metal alloys and elerium Crystal’s, both useful for researching new technology, manufacturing, and helping power the Avenger. The carriage was a maze of crates and they peaked in each to be certain of the contents.

Jiang was about to pass the last set of crates when a soldier jumped out to attack from behind the crates. Xuanji had admittedly let her guard down a little and was startled, letting out a rude sounding fart before she jumped into action. She pushed the soldier back and pulled up her rifle, gunning him down before he could return fire. The other two came running over but saw it was clear already. Edwards asked, “You okay?” Jiang nodded. “You three finish the search. I’ll sort this and the munitions carriage for pick-up.”

When the others left, Jiang let out another fart. The first had awoken her bowels and she realized she needed to go. She would have to hold it through the pick up process and the flight back to the Avenger.

The rest of the search and pick up went smoothly. Soon they were back in the Skyranger, which was hauling crates tied on and hanging from the bottom of the aircraft and also inside where the five women sat. Despite the mission success, the women were all uncomfortable for similar reasons. McGregor could feel her military standard full cut white panties sticking to her due to their wetness and she shifted in her seat continuously. Dupont could feel a damp patch in her own underwear and her grey and tan pants and also felt a growing need in her bowels in addition to her desperate urge to pee. Kelly had not leaked yet, but she too tapped her foot and crossed her legs in desperation. Xuanji, meanwhile, felt her bowels bearing down and did her best to hold it in, not wanting to even fart in the tight quarters. Edwards was perhaps the only one without a desperate need to go or an accident, though she did start to feel a fullness in her bladder.

The uncomfortableness only got worse over their one hour flight. Jane Kelly kept her legs tightly crossed the whole flight, but beyond that and her foot tapping, she tried not to show her desperation. Marguerite was a little more obvious, her hand in her crotch and she could feel the dampness. She needed the extra help as she had to go both ways. Xuanji Jiang ground her butt into her seat, sweating from the effort of clenching her butt. They were silent the whole flight, all focused on their own issues.

When they arrived, they had to wait a few more agonizing minutes as the staff on the Avenger unloaded the supplies. Kelly felt herself leak a little in anticipation of the bathroom and Dupont also felt warmth in her fingers. They finally could exit the ship and walked out of the docking bay. Xuanji waited to be last and as she walked out let out a much needed low whistle of a fart. Unfortunately, her desperation meant at the end of the fart the tip of her log slipped out and she caught it, now with poop threatening to touch cotton.

To the internal horror of all of them, a civilian staff in charge of their propaganda greeted them. He said, “Congratulations on the mission! Let me get a couple group photos before you unpack.”

They had no excuse, since this was part of their mission as well, to inspire women. So they stood together on the docking bay of the aircraft, an outdoor platform, hoisting their guns in the various poses the photographer asked for. They tried their best to look badass, though Dupont crossed her legs frantically between shots. Kelly tried to look more stoic but was punished with another leak for pretending not to be desperate. They both hoped their wet spots weren't visible. On their last group shot, which was at attention saluting, Jiang felt her bowels push again and felt the first half of her log push out, definitely hitting her underwear. The outdoor air meant no one picked up on the odor… yet. The photographer said, “Alright, individual poses then you’re good.”

To the others' disappointment, he called upon Edwards first, the only one who didn't need to either go or clean up. He told her to pose standing sideways, puffing out her chest. After, he picked McGregor, who posed simply at attention with her gun. She tried to look as professional as possible but could still feel how wet her underwear and black bodysuit were. After her, the photographer got Kelly in a pose where she was reaching back for her sword. The stretch of her arm and standing still was too much for her tired bladder and as the photographer took the photos, she felt a second-long spurt escape, followed soon by a two second spurt. She was grateful her pants were two-toned and the region around her crotch and inner thighs were darker blue, as she was certain her pants were wet. She could feel her soaked underwear and dribbles rolling down her legs.

When the photographer was done, Kelly speed walked to the locker room. Xuanji was next and the photographer wanted a bizarre and perhaps slightly racist kung fu-esque pose of kicking at the camera. Jiang was trained in martial arts but was reluctant to do the pose. After some back and forth, she gave in and did a high kick and the photographer grabbed the shot. Unfortunately, Jiang felt the first turd halfway out finish escaping due to her exertion. She hoped a bulge was not visible from the back and hurried off before the rest escaped.

Dupont was luckier as the photographer asked for s stoic pose with her shotgun. She only had to stand still and look to the side. This was already too much, though, and she felt another spurt escape. When she held that in, a silent fart escaped and she hoped the photographer did not smell it. She clenched her butt before more escaped. Finally, she was allowed to leave. She left for the barracks, her gait slightly bow-legged due to her wet crotch and thighs.

In the locker room, McGregor was storing her armor and was down to her skintight Black under armor. It showed nothing but she knew if she changed into civilian clothes her wet underwear would be visible to the rest of the squad, so she took the clothes to a stall to change. Unzipping her suit revealed a pair of plain white underwear with a drying yellow stain halfway up her crotch and almost entirely covering her backside. While she changed, Edwards casually stored her weapons and gear and took the second stall. Due to the limited space of the ship and the small number of female soldiers, there were only two stalls. Edward’s was not desperate, but she casually took this moment to empty both her bladder and her bowels.

Kelly came into the locker room next and saw the stalls taken. She cursed under her breath and headed to her locker to put her weapons away. As she closed the locker, she felt yet another spurt and felt warmth along her legs. She felt her pants and could tell there was a dinner sized wet spot in the front and the wetness went down to her knees on the inside of her thighs. She looked down and saw the wetness was faint, though, thanks to the dark blue coloring. Past her thighs, though, was light blue and she knew any wetness would immediately show on that.

As she hobbled to wait by the stalls, Jiang walked in rather bow-legged. Kelly was too self conscious of her own ongoing accident to look too closely but a visible clementine sized bulge could be seen from Jiang. She saw the line and slowly put her own stuff away to avoid getting too close. The sticky mess shifted as she moved and her ears burned with embarrassment. She had to focus on holding back the rest of her load, though.

Eventually, McGregor was in her civvies, a t-shirt and sweatpants, with no underwear. She hid it folded inside her folded suit. She flushed, pretending she had used the bathroom, and exited. She avoided eye contact with Jane who was busy doing the same and rushing into the stall. McGregor made her way to the laundry facilities and avoided making eye contact the whole way.

Inside the stall, Kelly felt herself leak again and couldn't stop it. Her bladder sensed relief was near and had let go. A constant dribble began and Kelly yanked her pants down. Her underwear did not follow but she sat anyway and peed through them. She looked mournfully at her yellowed underwear and wet pants.

Outside, Jiang lined up by the stalls as Dupont entered. She saw the line and did the same as Jiang and Kelly to store her weaponry. As she bent down to put away her knife, she felt the first half of a log escape. She straightened up quickly and clenched to stop the progress but another spurt from her bladder now escaped. She crossed her legs as she stood. She looked down and could easily see now a wet spot the size of a fist on her tan pants.

Dupont sighed and knew she had no choice but to line up behind Jiang. To her surprise, as she approached, she could see a tightly clenched ass and a small bulge. She realized she was not the only one losing it…

Edwards flushed, signifying she was wrapping up. The urgency ratcheted up and Dupont could see the bulge start to grow as Jiang lost it in anticipation. The bulge grew slowly and by the time Edwards walked out it was the size of an orange. Dupont lost another spurt in sympathy.

Jiang rushed in and pulled her pants down. It was too complicated to pull down her messy panties so she sat and finished pooping. The bulge grew and some fell out into the bowl.

The sounds drove Dupont mad and she lost control of her bowels. She held on to her bladder, mostly, as she held her crotch and tightly crossed her legs, but a three second spurt still escaped as she pooped, the crackling and farting joining the sounds of Jiang. At that point, Kelly had slipped off her underwear and put her pants back on. She had her wet underwear balled up and hidden inside her hand and walked out quickly to avoid detection. Dupont had other worries though and inched her way into the stall as she pooped. She closed the stall, removing her hands, which released her bladder. She pulled down her pants and underwear and finished peeing in the toilet, but her load was entirely in her underwear. She gingerly dumped her underwear into the toilet as Jiang did the same.

Eventually, both finished cleaning up as best they could. Jiang removed her underwear and tossed it in the bathroom rubbish bin and left first. Dupont made a different call and pulled up her messy underwear and pants. She was headed to her quarters for a change and then the shower and laundry anyway didn’t want to be seen with her underwear in her hands. She grimaced at the messiness and hoped no one noticed the visible wetness on her crotch as she left the bathroom to clean up.

*006*2021-01-31 04:41

I appreciate all the kind words! Unfortunately, it's been a very busy few months for work for me, and being in the US things have been... stressful. That being said, I have been making slow progress on this so I thought I'd post a second part. This is likely how this will go - I will very slowly update this for the next few months, so no ETA on a part after that but I do have an idea of where I want this story to go. Anyway, nothing too special but a part 2 for anyone interested.

A few days later, Wyvern squad was given a new mission. Though they all remembered their accidents and were embarrassed, generally no one knew, not even of each others’ (Dupont saw Jiang's but was in no place to comment). As far as command knew, they were utmost professionals who succeeded on a tough mission. In fact, Jane Kelly was promoted to Captain. Kelly and the others met in the barracks to walk through the new mission, this one to be filmed for propaganda footage.

Just like last time, Jane Kelly summarized the mission briefing they received on their datapads. “Okay, time for the big leagues. Last mission was helpful, but this one is do or die. We are uniting the three largest resistance factions by meeting on neutral ground. If we do, we will be uniting the resistance cells across almost all continents and humanity will be under one banner - XCOM. The Templars in Africa should be straightforward - they’re former XCOM. Unfortunately, the Skirmishers in Australia and Reapers in North America hate each other. Hence the need for a delicate meeting.”

She did not need to explain the tension came from the fact that Skirmishers were former ADVENT soldiers. Some of XCOM’s own were hesitant about trusting them. The Reapers, too, specialized in stealth and sabotage and could be brutal in their methods. They would be a difficult sell in terms of propaganda. Kelly continued, “Also unfortunately, the available and accessible neutral ground is South America, with an entirely decentralized resistance that poses no threat to anyone’s ego. So we will be meeting in the abandoned city of Buenos Aires.”

The room knew that was the mission, but there was still hesitancy after that. Frances Edwards noted, “It’s not abandoned, it’s a major center of the Lost.”

The Lost were the stuff of nightmares. A certain form of radiation released by the alien invasion resulted in the reanimation of dead bodies and the transformation of civilians into mindless husks. While most of the sources of radiation had been destroyed, multiple sources still existed in South America, resulting in much of it being a wasteland. The only truly human inhabitants were either along the coast of Brazil, on the southern tip of the continent, or Indigenous people in the Amazon, which meant resistance was extremely localized and not connected to the broader globe. In turn, the aliens also mostly left South America alone, swooping in occasionally to try to put down the Lost to no effect. It was unclear why the aliens would release a biological weapon they could not control.

Kelly nodded. “It’s precisely why no one else will interfere with the meeting and the aliens won’t figure out our plans.”

Marguerite Dupont complained, “The Lost will interfere, they don’t need anyone else’s help!”

Bridget McGregor joked in her Scottish accent, “What’s the deal, Maggie, scared of a little zombie fight?”

Xuanji Jiang chimed in with serious medical feedback. “They’re not zombies because they cannot turn you into one of them. But their attacks can be vicious in large numbers.”

Kelly refocused the meeting. “For whatever reason, command is confident the meeting spot is safe from the Lost. That being said, we have to escort the representatives of the three factions there. Each will have a representative meeting us on the outskirts. The idea is our assistance and facilitation will show our commitment and ease tensions. You will be split into three fireteams and each will have a body camera to collect footage. Our propaganda film of our combat and of the meeting will be used to demonstrate XCOM is the face of the entire world’s resistance when we are ready to go public. So this mission is important in every way. ”

“Bridget, you’re meeting the Templar representative, Yessica Castro. You’re both psionic operatives, so you have something to bond over.”

“Dupont and Jiang, you’re with the Skirmishers. You’re meeting Pratal Mox. He’s the leader of the entire organization, so no pressure. Edwards and I are meeting with the Reaper representative, Anastasia Davydov. Any questions?”

Since they had got their grumblings about dealing with the Lost out of the way, there were no questions. “Good. Head out.”

An hour later, all three squads had dropped. Bridget met with Yessica first, who was guarded by a group of Templars. They were the stuff of legends - the original XCOM psionic operatives, after the alien victory over humanity, they went into hiding in the cradle of humanity. In eastern Africa, detached from the world, they had honed their psionic abilities to the point it replaced guns as their main weapons. While their numbers were small, they had an outsize impact on humanity’s morale and ADVENT’s retaliations.

A group of four Templars appeared from behind bushes and trees to meet Bridget. Yessica was wearing plate armor that looked almost medieval, with ornately decorated leather hanging from the belt, covering the front and back of her lower half. While she had a machine pistol holstered, her true weapons were the gauntlets she could wield as melee weapons due to her psionic abilities. In fact, she and other Templars had honed their psionic abilities so much they didn’t directly need to see - Yessica’s helmet covered her entire face with a metallic dome and a purple circle where her forehead was. This almost non-human appearance added to the Templars’ mystique.

However, when Bridget approached, Yessica took off her helmet to show off a decidedly human face underneath. She had dark brown curly hair to her shoulders that matched her golden brown skin tone. “XCOM, I presume?”

Bridget nodded. “Yes, I’m Bridget. I presume you’re the Yessica I should be escorting to the meeting?”

Yessica nodded. She gestured to the others. “They escorted me here, but I understand there can be only one representative at the meeting. You and I will proceed together.”

Bridget nodded and they headed into the abandoned city, the other Templars returning to the wilderness. Yessica noted, “You have the gift, don’t you?”

It took Bridget a moment to understand. “Yes… they rebooted the psionic training. It’s only recently that we rediscovered the technology.”

Yessica nodded. “It’s good they have. We’ll need every edge to defeat ADVENT.”

While Yessica was kind to Bridget, she did not seem the type for small talk and they had nothing else to discuss. They proceeded deeper into the city in silence, checking for the Lost with each corner.

Frances and Jane were dropped off a little ways from the rendezvous point and slowly made their way through the woods. They entered a clearing when ten guns poked out of the trees and pointed straight at them. Jane showed no sense of panic and put her fist up to signal Sergeant Edwards to stop.

One person stepped into the clearing. She was dressed in what seemed to be a black leather coat with a hood and her face was covered in a gas mask. She noted the XCOM insignia, a pentagon with an x through it and three stars above the Earth. “Captain Kelly.”

Kelly nodded and lowered her own weapon. The woman slung her wooden sniper rifle over her shoulder and the others lowered their gun. She took off her mask, revealing a pale, freckled face and red hair. “So you are who is taking us to this… meeting.”

She sounded disdainful at the word meeting. “My name is Anastasia Davydov and I will represent the Reapers. We will see if your Skirmisher friends are to be trusted. But we should head quickly - the Lost likely already sense our presence.”

The Reapers were known as brutal insurgents who used stealth to their advantage. Unlike the Templars, they were extremely controversial, with ADVENT propaganda labeling them terrorists and fearmongering the public into obedience due to their threat. But it could not be denied that they were large, well organized, and armed to the teeth. And since XCOM was, in fact, an insurgent terrorist group from ADVENT’s perspective, there was no hesitation from XCOM to work with them. Kelly and Edwards nodded to Davydov’s prompting to follow her. They made it past the clearing as the other Reapers watched from behind. The trio soon reached the edge of the city and plunged in towards the meeting point.

On the other side of the city, Xuanji and Marguerite tentatively approached their rendezvous point with the Skirmishers on the edge of the city with guns drawn, expecting anything. The Skirmishers probably were the toughest sell for all resistance fighters. The first group were former ADVENT soldiers who had managed to disconnect their neural chips that allowed the aliens to control them. The first freed soldiers were by accident, it is believed. They began recruiting more by removing their neural implants. The fact that these were former ADVENT that knew how ADVENT worked made them particularly effective insurgents. However, they were physically augmented so they no longer looked like humans without their helmets, and this plus their former role meant very few humans trusted them. For all their intent, Xuanji and Marguerite could not help but have this bias in the back of their minds.

Suddenly, they both heard footsteps coming towards them. They raised their guns as an ADVENT soldier came running around the corner. However, before they could fire, a hook penetrated the soldier from behind and pulled the soldier back. Jiang and Dupont chased after and saw the source of the hook - a man dressed in a modified white ADVENT armor who knelt down to approach the hooked soldier. Without remorse, the man retracted the hooks and used them to stab the soldier in the neck, killing him. He then turned to face Jiang and Dupont. “You must be Lieutenant Jiang and Corporal Dupont.”

The two nodded. The man took off his helmet, showing his mutated face. His eyes were yellow and he was entirely bald, two circular wrinkles outlining his forehead. Both XCOM operatives suppressed a shudder at the obvious perversion of a human face. The Skirmisher continued, “Good. I am Pratal Mox. I will be the Skirmishers’ representative at this meeting. We should go before more ADVENT arrive.”

Jiang and Dupont followed Mox into the city. Jiang asked, “Why is ADVENT here?”

“ADVENT sends in forces to try to clear out the Lost… but so far they have been unsuccessful. We must be on guard for both sides.”

Dupont shook her head. She didn’t want to fight both at the same time, but she hoped that stealth would be on their side.

Yessica and Bridget made their way through the abandoned city with no drama. In fact, it was eerily quiet. Bridget was on edge, expecting a Lost to jump out of every window they passed and every corner they turned. Even though they weren’t real zombies, they were humans who had turned into mindless husks and Bridget had no desire to get into close combat with them.

In fact, Bridget was so on edge that when Yessica and Bridget turned to a side street near their rendezvous point, the wind picking up and knocking over a metal barrel was enough to cause Bridget to jump. The relatively loud crashing after minutes of silence scared her so badly she began to involuntarily wet herself. Behind her, Yessica noted the glistening on Bridget’s metal leg plates. While the metal armor didn’t stain, the shiny nature of liquid on it made it clear what had happened. Bridget collected herself and pretended she hadn’t just wet herself over a small sound, but Yessica commented quietly, “Have you had problems with your bladder since you discovered your gift?”

Bridget stammered, “Um… Well… Yes, actually. Sometimes I don’t even notice needing to go before… you know.”

Yessica nodded, not shaming her at all. “We found all female operatives who discover their psionic powers end up losing bladder control. We don’t know why they’re connected. To be honest, I’ve already wet myself… but all us Templars wear protective undergarments.”

“You mean, diapers?”

It was Yessica’s turn to blush. “If you must put it that way, yes. But you should consider having XCOM requisition them for operatives.”

Bridget sighed. She knew it was the most rational choice if the psionic powers and lack of bladder control were connected, but she didn’t relish the thought of making that requisition to command. Yessica could read the awkward silence and pressed on. “No matter. We are almost at the rendezvous point. Let us see if anyone else will make the meeting.”

Frances and Jane, alongside Anastasia, made it about halfway to the rendezvous point before encountering anyone or anything. They had moved forward in silence, listening for action, but heard nothing but the howling wind until they hit a particular intersection. A road went off to the right and both sides of that road were flanked with tall brick buildings that could hide anything. As they approached, a high-pitched shriek pierced the air. Anastasia immediately called them to action. “Time for regrets is over. We are not alone!”

Glass broke as pale grey humanoids broke through the storefront windows of the far brick building. Pockmarked due to rotting skin and covered in tattered clothing, all three women felt a tremor of fear and disgust run through them. In Frances’s case, she felt a sudden warmth as she realized she had peed just a little bit in fright. She cursed herself and grabbed cover behind an abandoned car, propping her minigun on the hood. She began mowing down the incoming horde as Jane Kelly charged in to use her shotgun effectively. From further behind, Anastasia expertly picked off stragglers with her rifle, her aim impeccable as she focused on the head of each target.

The gunfire, unfortunately, attracted more of the Lost, but with determination and good aim, the trio capably fended off about thirty of them, their rotting bodies piling up. Their slow movement and lack of strategy made it easy enough to handle and after a moment of silence to catch their breath, listen for any reinforcements, and reload, they proceeded down the road to the right. Eventually, they neared their target. Anastasia beckoned them. “Through this alley, then we will be at the meeting point.”

The three entered the alley between two four-story buildings. Anastasia led them while Frances backpedaled to watch their six. Jane Kelly scanned the windows and roofs. Despite their caution, a window smashed and a Lost jumped all the way from the fourth floor to behind the trio. Frances froze for a second in surprise and fright and spurted again. If they were honest, all three women peed in fright, though only Frances had a visible spot form due to her prior leak.

She gathered herself and fired, but this Lost was different and was extremely quick. It juked left, then right, and she barely got any hits on it before it leapt onto her, pinning her to the ground. She screamed and began to piss uncontrollably, trying her best to push it off. However, before it could take a swing at her, Kelly stabbed it in the head with her sword. The Lost went limp and Frances pushed it off, disgusted. She hurriedly picked her gun back up and backpedaled away from the corpse. Jane asked in a low voice, “You okay?”

Frances nodded. Anastasia noticed the wet pants with a cocked eyebrow, but the two relatively dry women decided not to comment and they continued to the meeting point without further incident.

Xuanji Jiang, Marguerite Dupont, and Pratal Mox had less luck on stealth. They encountered an ADVENT patrol, but this one was different from previous encounters. Soldiers were clad in orange and were wielding flamethrowers, clearing out Lost bodies. Jiang commented, “Well, this is different.” Mox replied, “You were never meant to see this. These are their specialized squads to clear out the Lost.”

Before the conversation could continue, one of the four ADVENT soldiers noticed the trio and shouted at his squad to turn their attention. Mox shouted, “Eliminate them quickly!”

Jiang opened fire with her rifle as Dupont sprinted closer and blasted the nearest soldier with her shotgun. Mox had a grapple hook and shot up to the balcony of a nearby building before spraying down with his bullpup rifle. They took down three soldiers in a row - the last one backed up and kept them at bay with his flamethrower. Jiang threw a grenade, though, and took out the soldier. The grenade also ignited the soldier’s flamethrower tank, leading to a much larger explosion than usual. Dupont ducked for cover, as she was the closest, unintentionally spurting as she hit the deck.

In the pause that followed, a howl echoed. Mox shouted, “Get to cover! The Lost are upon us!”

A bloodcurdling scream followed, closer than the howl. Jiang and Dupont scrambled to the roof of a one-story building while Mox stayed on his balcony. Jiang and Dupont faced opposite sides, waiting to see which side the Lost would arrive from.

After a few tense seconds, Dupont saw the rotting form of a Lost shuffle around the corner of the block she was looking down. She waited for it to get closer given her shotgun and gave Jiang a heads up. Jiang nodded, about to turn around, but she realized there were figures appearing around the corner of a building on her side as well. Mox, perpendicular to them, confirmed, “They are coming from two sides - be ready.”

Lieutenant Jiang’s rifle had longer range, so she began expertly taking down each body as it appeared, focusing on headshots to keep them down. Dupont, on the other hand, had to wait until they were about halfway down the block to get them in range, but her shotgun guaranteed they stayed down. Since they had both sides covered, Mox held his fire and kept a close watch in case any slipped past.

After a few minutes of methodical killing, a pile of bodies forming on both sides, another scream echoed in the air, this one higher pitched. Dupont shivered in fear, peeing a little more. Simultaneously, the faster form of the Lost leapt out of cover on both sides. Jiang jumped in fright and farted loudly, ears burning in embarrassment. She refocused and fired, killing hers. Dupont fired as well, successfully hitting. These two represented a new wave, though, and before long dozens of Lost, both fast and slow, emerged. Jiang realized in horror there were too many to kill in time as she tried to focus on the faster ones. Dupont did the same on her side, but both started to back up as the Lost got closer to their building. Mox joined into the fray, spraying down from the balcony at whichever side got closer.

Despite their efforts, the first of the faster Lost managed to reach the building Dupont and Jiang were standing on top of and it managed to shimmy up a drainpipe to reach the roof. It leapt up next to Jiang, who screamed as she turned and emptied her clip into it. As she fired, she realized she was defecating uncontrollably, filling her panties. Jiang’s scream also caused Dupont to piss in fear as her own side was overwhelmed - a Lost managed to leap from the ground all the way to the roof next to her. She didn’t scream, but trembled as she fired her shotgun. Mox grappled from the balcony down to their rooftop to help. Mox stood by the drainpipe and methodically gunned down Lost that tried to climb up it. Jiang regained her composure with Mox by her side and refocused her energy on killing the remaining horde on her side of the building.

Dupont returned fire at the crowd of Lost below her, killing multiple with each shotgun blast, but after a couple more shots, she pulled the trigger and nothing happened - she was out of ammo. She scrambled to reload her shotgun, but in that time one of the speedier Lost jumped on the roof again and knocked her shotgun out of her hand. Dupont trembled as she pulled out her pistol, uncontrollably pooping and filling her pants as she focused on killing the Lost rather than her bowel control. Using her pistol, she cleared out the remainder of her side, though the damage was done - her tan pants hid nothing, dark streams down her legs and a bulge showing her messing accident. In the silence that followed as they collected their breath, Jiang felt the back of her pants. While Jiang had no visible peeing accident, her dark pants had a similar bulge.

Mox, fortunately, did not judge as a combat veteran who had seen this happen many times. He ignored their accidents and said, “Good job - that was the largest horde I have ever fought. Hopefully we are clear to the meeting point.”

The other two nodded, glad he said nothing, though they knew he could see their accidents. They gingerly proceeded, both waddling awkwardly as they felt their accidents with every step.

*008*2021-12-30 17:10

I sort of lost steam on this story but really wanted to finish it, because it was inspired heavily by some of my favorite things - namely XCOM, of course, but also the types of stories blooper writes and the games by LivingInfinite. However, I've lost motivation to write it out in a traditional way, so I'm posting the section I finished and will likely have one more part that I'm going to try to approach in a different manner.

Finally, the three factions were at the meeting point with Pratal Mox, Anastasia, and Yessica coming together on the tracks of an abandoned elevated rail system. Bridget McGregor stood guard by the meeting point, her metal armor showing no signs of her earlier accident. Edwards and Jane Kelly stood on the tracks a little further away, scanning the horizon. Jessie’s pants were drying but still showed a visible stain. Dupont and Jiang kept a lookout on the ground, both glad to be away from the others with their visible accidents.

As Anastasia approached, she broke the silence first, her contempt clear in her voice as she stared at Pratal Mox. “So… ADVENT’s most brutal captain comes to atone for his crimes.”

Pratal did not seem to take it personally. He took off his helmet to show his face. “I am no longer that being. I am free now.”

Anastasia did not seem to be in as diplomatic of a mood. “Taking off that helmet does not change who you are. Reapers have long memories, Elder Kracsad.”

The use of his old name stirred something in Pratal, who readied his gauntlet to strike. In response, Yessica, who was watching passively, activated her own gauntlets, though hers were made of energy rather than metal. Anastasia readied her rifle. Bridget was closest and tried to deescalate, holding Yessica back. Jane and Sgt. Edwards began to rush to the scene to prevent a fight. Before they could, though, Anastasia fired - and hit something behind Mox.

A tall, lanky, purple being became visible and flew backwards before landing on its feet several feet away from the others. A long sword could be seen stored on its back. It hissed, “No one has ever done that before. No one shall ever do that again.”

The being jumped off the rails, turning invisible again. Captain Kelly was bewildered. “What the hell was that?”

Pratal Mox replied, “Vox Prima. Elder Assassin. Relentless death that stalks my kind. Butcher of freed ADVENT.”

Anastasia took position by the railing of the train tracks. “My people face another like her. They are the undying, ADVENT’s curse upon us.”

Yessica took a defensive position as well. “We must combine strength if we are to have any chance of success.”

The XCOM agents also locked down, scanning every nook and cranny to see where the Elder Assassin would come from next. The eerie silence had every agent on edge. In the distance, the howl of a Lost horde could be heard. Some agents, like Dupont, were trembling visibly with fear.

The Assassin appeared suddenly on the train tracks beside Sgt. Edwards. She screamed as the Assassin swung her sword. Edwards jumped back and fell on her back but crucially dodged most of the sword, her armor taking the blow from the tip of the sword as Jane Kelly, Mox, and Anastasia fired. Before any of them could land a hit, the Assassin disappeared again and ran off. Edwards lay on the ground, aware that the rest of her bladder was emptying and she was laying in a growing puddle. She got up, her butt and back darkened by wetness. A churning in her stomach told her a different accident was on its way if she was frightened again.

Jane Kelly shouted, “Where did it go?”

Mox replied, “She was headed back down before she cloaked.”

“Got it. Dupont and Jiang, search the area beneath the tracks!”

Dupont and Jiang acknowledged the command and began sweeping the area. In the silence, they could hear the Lost horde coming closer. They had a limited window to beat this fight. Despite having already wet herself, Dupont was unconsciously leaking slowly in fear again as she swung her shotgun left and right, a part of her praying Jiang was the one who found the Assassin.

Jiang’s scream a moment later made clear that came true. Jiang looked behind a pillar for the elevated rail and the Assassin leaped out, sword in hand. Jiang began peeing forcefully as she fired wildly, trying to keep the Assassin at bay. Dupont put her fear aside and ran to her aid, firing as she got closer and ignoring the lump swinging in the seat of her pants.

The Assassin swung her blade, not piercing Jiang but hitting her hard enough that she flew into a car and passed out. Dupont was now only a couple feet from the Assassin and fired point blank. The Assassin had time to stab at Dupont but missed, the shotgun shell knocking her back. The Assassin flipped back and disappeared again, having taken a hit.

Dupont sighed a breath of relief and turned to check on Jiang before realizing the blade did graze her hip, causing no damage but cutting open her pants. She also realized she had involuntarily pooped even more in the attack, and the combined weight of her accidents plus the damage to her pants caused them to fall, revealing her very messy full cut white underwear. She pulled her pants up, ears bright red, and laid beside Jiang. She communicated over the radio, “Jiang is out but okay, I’ll stay down here and guard her. She disappeared but I think is headed back up.”

The five soldiers on top gingerly explored, trying to find the invisible Assassin. McGregor peeked into an abandoned train and saw the glint of a reflection. Before she could process what she saw, the Assassin uncloaked and leapt at her. McGregor hastily used her powers to fire a lance of psionic energy, keeping the Assassin back. She could faintly feel herself wet herself again and her bowels followed suit, filling up the inside of her metal armor which couldn’t bulge out. She winced and could not tell if she messed due to the exertion of her power or fear.

In order to get out of the psionic blast, the Assassin shifted her approach and jumped at the next nearest soldier, Edwards. Edwards had been rushing in to help McGregor. Seeing the Assassin turn to her, Edwards froze. In that momentary freeze, she felt her bowels move as she pooped herself in fear. A bulge the size of an orange now behind her, she backed up and fired her gun, each moment of recoil causing more of her mess to escape. The Assassin dodged the first couple of bursts then lunged, tackling Edwards and sending her flying back. Edwards crashed into the guard rails on the edge of the elevated rail, knocked out and sporting a bulge the size of a grapefruit behind her.

Yessica arrived on the scene next and used the Assassin’s focus on Edwards to channel all her power. She cast her psionic ability around the Assassin, catching her by surprise and holding her still in a stasis. She yelled, “Get ready to fire now!”

Jane Kelly caught up and stood beside Yessica as Pratal Mox and Anastasia arrived on the other side. McGregor joined in with her psionic powers as the Assassin squirmed to get out of the stasis. Yessica was straining with all her might and she could faintly tell the exertion was causing herself to lose control, though there was no visible evidence. Beside her, Kelly could hear the faint gushing and crackling of the double accident, but she had bigger things to worry about. Yessica and McGregor made eye contact then silently agreed to stop at the same time. Yessica shouted, “Now!”

The Assassin fell to her knees as the stasis stopped, and in that moment of vulnerability, Pratal Mox, Anastasia, and Jane Kelly fired repeatedly at the Assassin, landing every hit. The Assassin stood up and hissed at them, realizing she was cornered for once. She said, “I had not expected this conflict to be so… exhilarating. You surprise me, XCOM. Still, the Elders’ will is that none survive this day. I cannot leave that to fortune.”

The Assassin disappeared, retreating, but was replaced by an arrival of a Lost horde, soon to be followed by more. Kelly shouted, “We need to get to the evac site now!”

Dupont picked up the unconscious Jiang, wincing as she felt the mess on her butt but knowing she was in the same position. She kept the closest Lost at bay with a pistol, having only one arm to shoot now. McGregor did the same with Edwards, joining Dupont in firing her pistol. Jane Kelly sprinted ahead of them to clear the field, shotgun blazing. Mox and Yessica Castro were alongside the two carrying their squadmates, protecting the sides. Anastasia brought up the rear. From behind, Anastasia could see how every soldier except seemingly Yessica and Jane Kelly had accidents, and that made her realize she had to pee quite badly. She banished the thought and returned to firing, keeping the horde at bay as they progressed down the street and towards the evacuation zone.

Despite the intensity of the horde, they made it to the evacuation zone where the Skyranger waited. Anastasia turned and fired at the Lost following them, buying time for the others to board the Skyranger. Pratal Mox joined as they slowly backpedaled, giving everyone else time. After a minute, Mox shouted, “Everyone has boarded and we cannot hold this position any more! Go!”

Anastasia looked at her former nemesis, hesitant to abandon him. He reassured, “I do not intend to die today. I will be right behind you.”

Anastasia turned and jumped on the Skyranger. Instead of buckling in, she fired from the back, giving Mox cover. Mox ran to the evacuation vehicle but steps away was suddenly held back. Before Anastasia and the others could process what happened, the Assassin reappeared, holding Mox back. Anastasia tried to line up a shot, distracted by a hot burst of urine as she trembled in fear and exhaustion. The first sign of a wet stain appeared on her pants. The Assassin hissed, “Time to return home, traitor.”

They were beamed up and the Skyranger had to flee to prevent the horde of Lost from overrunning their position. Anastasia cursed before taking her seat. Their mission to unite the resistance was a success, but the Skirmisher leader and representative was held hostage.

Jane Kelly arrived back on the ship exhausted and desperate, having mostly successfully controlled her bladder and bowels throughout that mission. Fortunately, there were no propaganda photographers after the mission, given the state of her squadmates, but she knew there would be no downtime with Pratal Mox kidnapped. She grimaced, hoping the Commander would not hold that against her. To her dismay, after she put away her weapons, she got a notification the Commander requested to see her right away. She looked longingly at the bathroom in the locker room but followed orders and went to the Commander’s Quarters.

The Commander was sitting in a rather comfortable looking chair for a military ship and beckoned her in. He was a man of few words and looked quite nondescript, with dark hair and dark eyes, but he was a legend - commanding the initial resistance against the aliens with significant success before they were overrun. He was rescued and revived specifically to renew the resistance, and under his command they had truly restarted a guerrilla movement. In fact, defeats were almost nonexistent since he took over, the kidnapping of Mox aside. “At ease, Captain Kelly. I just wanted to hear from you directly what happened down there to get a better sense of what happened to Mox.”

Captain Kelly nodded and retold the mission, explaining in detail what she knew about the Assassin so far and her abilities. As she retold the story, she felt her bladder and bowels push down hard, desperation coming in waves. She showed no sign, though, and continued as professionally as she could. The Commander seemed not to notice, frowning at the extent of the Assassin’s powers.

She finally finished retelling the mission. As she did, she felt a spurt escape, but held it down to less than a second. She glanced down but couldn’t see anything. The Commander looked lost in thought, then said, “Alright. You all hurt her. We can defeat her. We can rescue Mox and that has to be the priority to show this alliance has teeth.”

Captain Kelly nodded. A second spurt escaped and she crossed her legs instinctively. As she did, she felt a silent fart escape. She cursed under her breath. “Captain? You alright?”

Jane uncrossed her legs, feeling another spurt escape. “Umm… Yes, sir.”

“You don’t seem it. Are you injured at all?”

Jane resigned herself to telling the truth. “No sir. I just… I just need to use the facilities.”

The Commander seemed taken aback. “Oh. Well, feel free to use mine before heading out. You’re dismissed.”

He gestured to a door. Jane Kelly couldn’t… she couldn’t use his bathroom. She said, “Thanks for the offer sir, but it’s alright, I’ll use the one in the barracks.”

She turned to leave, not realizing he had seen the wet spot form. It was the size of a fist on the front and back. She was hot with embarrassment as she walked out, now farting and leaking with each step. She didn’t see his face anymore, but he was staring at her and had a slightly amused facial expression.

When the door finally closed behind her, she ran to the barracks. As she ran, she could feel the first turd poking out before touching cotton. She raced past soldiers, hoping to be fast enough they didn’t see the growing stain on her pants, halfway down to her knees. She burst open the bathroom door and grabbed a stall. As she shut the stall, all control left her and she pissed uncontrollably and the first turd curled up in her underwear. She yanked her pants down and sat on the toilet, finishing what little remained there. She cursed, dumped her underwear into the toilet, then took them off to throw away. She didn’t even want to bother cleaning them and headed straight to the shower, naked and messy.

From: Commander

To: Jane Kelly

Subject: Propaganda Initiative Update

Date: 5/19/2035

First of all, congratulations on uniting the Resistance. With the Reapers, Templars, and Skirmishers on board, we now have coordinated resistance in Asia, Europe, Australia, Africa, and North America. This is a true war against the aliens, now.

I wanted to let you know that the vid footage Wyvern’s missions have had the intended effect. Recruitment of women into the resistance generally and XCOM specifically have skyrocketed in the past two weeks. In fact, we had enough experienced soldiers from countries around the world sign up to create an all-new Zilant Squad.

That leads me to the second part of the email: Zilant Squad will be embarking on the mission to rescue Pratal Mox. This is not my call. You’ve completed every mission admirably and your squad is more than competent. The propaganda department, however, has encountered difficulty using footage from some of your missions. They want footage from the rescue mission to counter ADVENT propaganda. I hope you understand.

Ever since the mission to unite the Resistance that the Assassin crashed, Wyvern Squad was sidelined to minor recon and support missions. They completed each task admirably with no major incidents, but the new Zilant Squad got the glamorous missions. Captain Kelly couldn’t believe her squad was sidelined because of footage of their accidents. Zilant Squad’s trial run was repelling an attack on a Resistance base and they performed beautifully, despite a terrifying alien in disguise as a human ambushing them.

Jane dreaded ever facing one of those aliens, a Faceless, which transformed from a human to a giant beast that could kill with its swing when you least expect it. Of course, Zilant had no accidents despite the frightening twist, so the propaganda department was in love with them. And now Zilant was suiting up to rescue Pratal Mox. Kelly of course wished them nothing but success, but it smarted knowing she would have been the squad assigned originally and knowing they were fully capable of doing so. She also wanted revenge on the Assassin - though they were hoping to free Mox while the Assassin was away to avoid an unnecessarily difficult conflict.

Anastasia “Ghost” Davydov had been assigned to their squad, Wyvern, but Yessica was assigned to Zilant due to her lack of visible accidents and to ensure both squads had a psionic operative, though everyone on Wyvern knew it wasn’t because Yessica had control but because she and all female Templars wore diapers. Jane Kelly had a passing thought of wondering if that was Zilant’s secret to avoiding accidents…

In addition to Yessica, Zilant Squad had representatives from around the world. With the continents of Africa and Australia/Oceania joining, Zilant had a recruit from Nigeria - Monifa “Valentine” Akerele, a beautiful woman with dreads who was equally deadly with explosives as she was beautiful - and Hannah “Vixen” Campbell from Australia, a tomboyish blonde who talked gruff and had impeccable aim with a sniper rifle. Campbell’s spotter and the squad’s back-up sniper was Millie “Valkyrie” Kahl, also a tough blonde but she kept her hair short and was from Germany.

Their support and medic was an Italian named Ginevra “Vita” Contarini, a curvaceous woman with straight light brown hair that went to her shoulders. They were led by a Norwegian recruit, Astrid “Vandal” Gaustad, who kept her blonde hair in a tight bun. Gaustad was a well-known accomplished soldier in Europe - in fact, Kelly had worked with Gaustad, Contarini, and Kahl in her resistance days in Europe, and knew they were excellent soldiers. But that didn’t stop a twang of jealousy seeing them get the heroic missions.

Captain Kelly was high enough rank she could sit in Central’s office and watch the feed from Zilant Squad’s soldiers, all to be saved for propaganda use. The mission went without a hitch - Zilant infiltrated the base, cleared out the ADVENT inside, and broke Pratal Mox out of a holding cell without the Assassin ever showing up. Captain Kelly was just ever so slightly jealous, knowing her squad could have easily pulled that off, but she was infinitely relieved to have Mox back, who would be a critical part of keeping their Resistance coalition together.

Later, Captain Kelly waited at the docks for Zilant Squad’s return. She was there to congratulate them and say hi to Pratal, but she couldn’t help but double check the squad’s crotches. No signs of wetness on any of them… though she could have sworn Ginevra Contarini was walking a little stiffly and she thought she smelled the faint but familiar odor of poop as either Contarini or Campbell walked by… but no matter. She returned her focus to greeting Pratal Mox, who reacted to her like he was seeing an old friend given the tough mission they went through together when he was kidnapped.

A month passed where Zilant and Wyvern Squads were assigned minor missions protecting VIPs and Resistance bases. Other squads were infiltrating ADVENT bases - it was clear the aliens were planning something big and they wanted to know what. The aliens were advertising new and expanded gene clinics to humans to supposedly eradicate genetic diseases, but many humans who went in were never heard from again.

A more pressing concern was the worry that the Assassin would show up again. She had interrupted a couple ADVENT base infiltrations, though squads had avoided being decimated by her powers due to the strategic prowess of the Commander. The victories didn’t stop the Assassin from being a major threat, and every conflict with her risked the deaths of veteran XCOM soldiers. However, they caught a break when Skirmisher intelligence deduced the Assassin base was on an uninhabited island in Polynesia, near Australia - it explained her focus on Pratal Mox and the Skirmishers overall.

Going on the offensive against the Assassin was a huge risk, but the Commander felt confident given their recent wins. Additionally, rather than prioritize stealth, the Commander decided to go for force and sent both Zilant and Wyvern Squads. Jane Kelly was determined to prove her squad’s worth after they had been sidelined for propaganda reasons… and she was determined to get her revenge on the Assassin.

Captain Kelly and the rest of Wyvern Squad was suiting up in the locker room when Zilant Squad walked in, already decked out in their armor. Kelly thought it was weird they didn’t change into their armor in the locker room, but no matter. She gave a nod of respect to Zilant’s leader, Captain Gaustad, who returned the nod.

After a few minutes, they had fully loaded both squads to the Skyranger, now uncomfortably cramped. They rode in silence. Captain Kelly reviewed the mission notes. They had to breach the facility and find the Assassin’s chamber.

The drop off went without a hitch and without defenses at the moment. They were inside the building, on high alert for when the inevitable backlash would occur, when the Assassin’s harsh voice came through on all twelve of their radio devices. Many jumped in surprise and fear as the Assassin found a way to communicate to them directly. Her voice filled the room they were in, amplified by twelve soldiers. “I had hoped you would never find this place, XCOM. You have forced my hand. I can afford to give you no quarter.”

After a momentary pause of fear and suspense, Gaustad and Kelly locked eyes and nodded. They motioned to move and proceeded with the mission, heading into a hallway and deeper into the mission.

At the end of the hallway, a key door blocked the next room. Zilant Squad gathered by the left side of the door while Wyvern gathered by the right. Jane Kelly breathed deep then opened the door, twelve guns pointing at the opening.

What waited behind the door were six aliens in a large laboratory, the ceiling a good thirty feet high. Five of the aliens were a rare classification soldiers had called “Archon” - a bizarre floating alien with a human-esque upper half but a propulsion device instead of a lower half, armed with a staff that could also fire as a gun. It was believed to be an adaptation of an alien witnessed in the initial invasion, called Floaters, but made to look less overtly repulsive for the masses forced to live under ADVENT rule. The sixth was an all-black humanoid figure never seen before. Upon the door opening, it turned into a trail of black dust and re-formed elsewhere behind cover.

After a momentary pause, the twelve soldiers and six aliens fired through the door. Outnumbered and outgunned here, the aliens backpedaled, giving Zilant and Wyvern time to get through the door and find cover. Three aliens down, but the three remaining were bunkered down.

Hannah Campbell and Millie Kahl, the snipers both on Zilant Squad, raised their scope to get a shot at the aliens in cover. One Archon’s head was peaking out and Kahl immediately fired, killing it. The other, upon witnessing the death, charged upward to the roof of the room. Before anyone could react, it prepared to launch rockets at them all, determined to wipe them out with him.

Campbell fired, taking the Archon down, but not before everyone had to scramble out of cover to avoid the rockets fired within the large room. When the dust cleared, the unknown alien was missing. Edwards muttered, “That thing is like a Spectre.”

As they investigated the room, the Spectre caught Dupont in a corner by herself. It revealed itself, previously invisible, and physically attacked Dupont, who shouted in surprise and fear before jumping back. Not only did the Spectre land a physical hit, but part of itself dissolved and reformed as a shadow of Dupont, all-black and smoky but with a shotgun and in her shape.

Dupont backpedaled in fear, firing rapidly. She could feel her bowels churn as she spurted in fear, but she pushed that aside as she kept her gun trained on the Spectre. Her ghost prepared to fire at her, but Jiang swooped in and fired her gun as well. The Spectre finally dissolved, and with it the ghost. Dupont’s fear subsided and she glanced at her crotch and noticed a thumb-sized patch but nothing obvious. Jiang cocked her eyebrow at her but Dupont affirmed she was okay.

They proceeded onward, deeper into the facility. They faced some resistance in the form of turrets and the occasional Archon, but it was surprisingly fast progress. It crossed Jane Kelly’s mind it could be a trap, but they had to take the opportunity to kill the Assassin.

At the heart of the facility, they opened a room that revealed a teleportation device. It was a circle twice the height of a person, shimmering blue and not showing what was on the other side. This must be where they had to pass to find the Assassin. Within, an Archon led a squad of Mutons, hulking brutes with plasma weaponry. A Codex accompanied them - this was a rare shimmering golden creature that could teleport. Central spoke to Captains Kelly and Gaustad. “We’ve never taken in a Codex. When you kill it, bring the head in. We need its data.”

A tense firefight followed, but one that the human squads could handle. Gaustad charged one Muton with her shotgun, tearing it to pieces, while Akerele used her grenade launcher to disintegrate another two. Edwards followed suit and Davydov used her rifle to headshot the last Muton. Before the Archon could launch rockets, Castro used her powers to push the Archon to the ground, glowing purple in psionic energy. As she fired a beam of psionic energy to kill the Archon, Captain Kelly couldn’t help but think she heard the crackling of not just psionic energy but of Castro’s bowels. She thought she heard hissing as well, but in the din of battle it wasn’t clear. She supposed the exertion of psionic energy could very well cause an accident, but Castro acted like nothing was wrong. Captain Kelly was well aware she wore protection as well anyway.

The one hairy moment was upon seeing its squad fall apart, the Codex vanished and reappeared behind Jessie Edwards. The grenadier couldn’t turn around quickly enough to fire with her heavy weapon, ducking down instead to avoid getting hit. The opening allowed Captain Kelly to leap in with her sword, cutting off its head. The body crumbled after the Codex died and Kelly pocketed the surprisingly small segment of the head that remained. She helped Edwards up to her feet, noticing a small wet spot on her crotch, but she couldn’t blame her.

They reloaded and gathered themselves with the battle over. They now had to pass through a teleporter and defeat an enemy they couldn’t defeat before. Captain Kelly took a deep breath then dived in.

On the other side, they were in an ornate room, similar to the main hall of a cathedral. Tall pillars held it up, the chamber’s ceilings so high they could barely make out the top of the pillars. On the far end of the room, a glowing rectangular prism stood center. It looked like it could house the Assassin… Central came over the radio. “I’m seeing your feed… what is that, a stasis chamber? Is this why they always come back?”

His answer was given as a beam of purple light signaled the arrival of the Assassin. In front of her stasis pod, she appeared, a beam rifle in hand. Zilant and Wyvern Squads scattered into cover to avoid the rifle. McGregor immediately attempted to hold the Assassin in place with her psionic powers, but the Assassin fired, a glancing blow that ripped the edge of her armor’s shoulder piece right off. McGregor ducked down, a pool of urine forming below her.

The Assassin disappeared and the two squads fanned out to find her. The seconds ticked by, all twelve soldiers on edge and secretly not wanting to be the one that finds her. Eventually, Dupont was the unlucky soldier, the Assassin reappearing directly behind her, katana in hand. Dupont swung aside and fired wildly, not having enough time to escape. The small wet spot blossomed as the Assassin began to swing. Ten of the other eleven soldiers tried to open fire; Jiang, who was closest, sprinted there and tackled Dupont out of the way, the sword grazing her hair instead of hitting anyone.

When Dupont landed, she felt herself deflate, brown mush filling her pants. She blushed with embarrassment as she wet and messed herself with Jiang on top of her, having just saved her life, but she could hear Jiang mess herself as well, the exertion of tackling causing her to lose control as well. As the others engaged the Assassin in combat, the two women held each other in embrace for a moment as they finished having their respective accidents. Her fear subsiding, Dupont felt weirdly… aroused by the two women having an accident while in an embrace on the floor. Unbeknownst to her, Jiang felt the same way, but the two women eventually had to recover to rejoin the fight.

Captain Kelly engaged the Assassin directly in a sword fight. They traded blows as the other soldiers peppered the Assassin with bullets, her armor holding for now. The Assassin swung hard, and as Kelly blocked the blow, the force caused her to leak. She grimaced then backed out to retaliate with her own swing. The Assassin stepped aside, kicking Kelly to the ground. As she fell, she felt another spurt from the fear that at any moment the Assassin would kill her. Fortunately for her, the Reaper Anastasia Davydov fired a well-placed shot that landed directly at the Assassin’s head. The Assassin fell to the ground then disappeared.

McGregor was astonished. “Did we… did we do it?”

Captain Gaustad shook her head. “Look at the stasis pod.”

They looked… the pod was glowing. They approached gingerly, guns at the ready. When they were within about six feet from it, a purple beam shot out and the Assassin reappeared, seemingly uninjured. The Assassin smiled grimly, then without a word launched herself at the closest soldier, who was Jessie Edwards. She stood her ground, firing her minigun. The constant barrage mirrored her pissing freely, a dark trail expanding down her legs as she fired. The shots landed, but the Assassin barely slowed before swinging. Edwards dodged the sword last minute. She got out of the way but her gun was split in two by the Assassin’s sword.

Captain Kelly shouted, “Let’s take out the stasis pod. Zilant, keep her distracted!”

Wyvern Squad fired at the rectangular prism. The Assassin swung around, her eyes filled with fear for the first time. She hissed then made a move after Captain Kelly. Sgt. Edwards took the moment to move out of her exposed position. She pulled out her grenade launcher and took aim for the pod.

Before the Assassin could make it to Captain Kelly, Captain Gaustad blocked the path and fired with her shotgun. The Assassin kept advancing, knowing she could take out one soldier. However, Campbell and Kahl began firing from both sides, their sniper rifle piercing the Assassin’s armor. The Assassin howled in pain and threw her sword at Gaustad, who leapt back into Kelly’s arms. Gaustad was frozen in fear for a moment, the sword inches from her feet, but Jane helped her back up. The Assassin pulled out her rifle, meaning to shoot the snipers in retaliation. Campbell and Kahl dove into cover.

The distraction gave Sgt. Edwards time to fire her grenades at the stasis pod. The explosions caught the Assassin’s attention and the first cracks appeared on the pod. The Assassin screamed in frustration and took aim at her instead. Edwards jumped behind cover, but before she could successfully hide, the beam rifle had hit her - or more specifically, her grenade launcher. The weapon disintegrated in Edwards’ hands but fortunately took the hit. Behind cover, though, Edwards helplessly messed herself in fear, sticky brown waste filling her pants as she realized she had no weapons left.

Monifa Akerele was the next to take the Assassin’s attention, firing her own grenade launcher right at the Assassin. Anastasia Davydov took the distraction to apply her C4 to the stasis pod. She motioned for everyone to dive into cover before detonating. The explosion stopped the Assassin in her tracks, and when the dust cleared, the stasis pod was a pile of rubble. The Assassin stared in horror before it turned to rage. She ran to Davydov and grabbed her by the throat. Davydov tried to pry her hands, but to no avail. The Assassin slammed Davydov against the wall. Davydov could feel wetness spread down her legs as the edges of her sight blurred. With each slam against the wall, the leak intensified.

Captain Kelly sprinted over to save Anastasia. With the Assassin focusing her rage on killing Anastasia, she didn’t notice as Kelly unsheathed her sword again and impaling the Assassin through the chest. The Assassin gasped in shock and dropped Anastasia, who crawled as far away as she could. The Assassin turned to face Jane as she fell to her knees. “You… have fought well.”

There was almost admiration in her voice. “May you… reclaim this world as your own.”

The Assassin keeled over, finally permanently dead. There was no cheering from Zilant or Wyvern Squad, just tired relief as they made their way back to the Skyranger to be evacuated. But they had done what might have seemed impossible and without taking a single casualty.

On the Skyranger, they rode in silence for a while, too tired to even celebrate their win. The smell of their accidents hung in the air. Jane Kelly sighed, knowing the accidents were all her squad - or at least, that’s what it seemed. Zilant Squad noticed, too, as Millie Kahl, one of their snipers, sneered at Wyvern. “I suppose that’s why they use us for the propaganda footage.” Her German accent only accentuated the barb.

The members of Wyvern blushed with embarrassment and anger. Captain Gaustad shushed her. “That doesn’t matter, what matters is we got the job done.”

Kahl muttered, “While watching over some babies.”

Jane Kelly was fed up and had to stand up for her squad. She knew at least one person on their squad was using protection, so it was unlikely Zilant’s bodily control was actually miles above theirs. “If you have something to say about my squad, why don’t we settle it in the training room?”

Kahl rolled her eyes. “And what, get your piss all over me?”

Jane was heated now. She could even see Campbell and Contarini squirming in their seats, likely desperate to go having not gone throughout their mission. The hypocrisy was intolerable. Gaustad, an honorable soldier, seemed to agree. “Kahl, you’ve earned getting your ass kicked. If you want to talk shit, then back your comments up.”

Jane Kelly followed up, “See, your captain agrees. You gonna fight me tomorrow? Or are you chicken?”

Kahl rolled her eyes. “Fine. Tomorrow morning. I’ll show you what being a grown up looks like.”

They rode the rest of the way in silence. Funnily enough, Campbell had stopped squirming at some point during the argument and was looking rather relieved, though blushing bright red. Jane wondered if that meant what she thought it meant. Contarini was still squirming, and at one point she thought she heard a low fart come from her direction. Given the stench of the Skyranger, no one but her really noticed.

When they arrived back at the landing pad, the propaganda photographer greeted the two squads. “Hi all, great mission. I’d like some after-mission photos we can use for Internet propaganda. Umm… Wyvern… You can go, uh, clean up.”

The members of Wyvern were embarrassed again but silent as they headed off to shower and change. As she was leaving, though, Jane noticed Contarini uncross her legs and stand still for a change. Contarini had a voluptuous ass, but Jane thought she noticed it expand slightly… Jane decided not to keep staring and walked away with her squad.

The next day, at 7 AM sharp, Jane Kelly and Millie Kahl stood opposing each other in training room, the mats laid out to make a makeshift boxing ring. Their respective teams in their corners, Jane and Millie death glared at each other. They agreed to not use the bathroom after waking up, and Jane could feel her bladder twinge as it needed its morning release. She was sure Millie felt the same, though, since that first morning piss was so universal. Jane was wearing tight black booty shorts to give her maximum flexibility and a black sports bra. Millie was wearing a red sports bra along with a baggier and longer set of red shorts, more akin to boxing or basketball shorts.

Astrid didn’t approve of her squad member battling a fellow soldier like this, but she had to seem supportive of her squad and privately thought this was the chance for Millie to get her ego checked. She had agreed to “ref” the match and signaled for the match to start.

Jane raised her hands defensively, eyeing Millie to see her style. Millie, however, was aggressive, and came straight to Jane’s corner to begin throwing punches. Jane wasn’t surprised that Millie had a more boxing style, but Jane could be more creative. She fended off the punches then grabbed Millie’s wrist, sweeping her legs with a kick that caused her to spin 360 degrees as she let go of Millie’s wrist. Millie was clearly not doing reconnaissance on Jane’s fight style, and Millie fell to the floor flat on her ass, wincing. She quickly got up, though, and approached Jane more cautiously this time. They exchanged blows before Jane could see Millie’s left arm go for a powerful punch to the head. Jane raised her arms to block, but to her surprise Millie actually swung with her right arm directly into her lower torso.

Jane felt her bladder hit and uncontrollably spurted for several seconds, though she just stopped it in time for the wetness to not go beyond the edge of her shorts. The black shorts glistened for a moment on her crotch for anyone watching closely, but no one noticed and the black shorts didn’t leave a very visible wet spot. Millie grinned at Jane’s shock and pressed on her advantage, swinging at Jane repeatedly. However, Jane parried Millie’s blows and retaliated with her own attacks, connecting her own massive hit directly into Millie’s gut. Jane took advantage of Millie’s shock and grabbed her in a chokehold, trying to bring her down.

She successfully lowered Millie down to her knees, but Millie was now directly in front of Jane and elbowed her right in the stomach to try to free herself. Jane felt her bladder release again, the streams running down her legs and causing a puddle on the mat, but she held on. She swung Millie down flat on her face on the mat (right into a puddle, to add insult to injury), and held her down as she squirmed. Astrid counted to ten and then Jane let her up.

When Millie finally got up she was furious. “I said your only move is to piss on people and I was right. You’re weak and disgusting.”

Jane shrugged. “I beat you in the fight, that’s what we agreed to. In the field, who cares if people have an accident, I want the best fighters in my corner.”

Millie shook her head. “No, the competition was about who was the bigger baby, and it’s clearly you since you can’t control your bladder.”

Jane cocked her eyebrow and decided to act on her instinct. She grabbed Millie’s shorts and yanked them down, revealing a very soiled diaper. The front was yellowed and as Millie panicked and ran back to her team, the rest of Wyvern could see it was brown and bulging in the back. As Wyvern laughed at Millie’s comeuppance, Astrid came over to shake Jane’s hand. Astrid whispered, “Thanks for putting her in her place.”

Jane nodded, smiling back at Astrid. In that moment, though, they were interrupted as the commander himself came into the room. Jane shouted, “Commander on deck!”

They all stopped and turned to salute, despite Jane’s wet shorts and Millie’s diaper. The commander looked amused, eyeing over the accidents, then said, “At ease.”

The commander continued, “We’ve discovered the base of a different Elder Chosen. You had fought and defeated the Assassin last. This one has been harassing our Templar allies. I’m sending both of your squads in together, just like last time. All details on this Chosen and his fighting style is in your comms. Please review it, we will send you in on the Skyranger tomorrow.”

The commander left, leaving the squads and a messy Millie and Jane standing there. After a momentary pause, Jessie spoke up. “Well, Zilant, if we want to continue this competition, we can both go into this fight without protection. Then we’ll really see who should be the face of the resistance.”

Astrid looked worried, but the rest of her squad nodded, wanting to prove themselves to Wyvern after Millie’s humiliation. Astrid shrugged, seeing her squad’s competitiveness. “Alright, your funeral.”

After Millie and Jane cleaned up and everyone suited up at the Skyranger, the commander came out again to meet the squads. Shouting over the sound of the Skyranger powering up, the commander said, “I’ve heard about your little competition.”

The women looked sheepish with embarrassment. The commander continued, “This is actually good for us. Our scientists have a hypothesis that overexposure to the aliens is causing female incontinence. It’s not the most pressing side effect of the alien invasion, but we want to make sure. To that point, when you return and change in the locker room, everyone will be asked to turn over their underwear to our scientists. We will measure a baseline and go from there.”

Everyone looked bewildered. The commander continued, “Of course, this is all on the premise that you stay alive so please come back in one piece. Dismissed.”

*010*2022-06-27 05:46

I've been meaning to finish this one off for a while - I don't have any other fiction ideas at the moment, unfortunately, but wanted to wrap up loose ends. I experimented with less traditional ways of putting things together here and am not sure if it's enjoyable like this or not, but thought I'd put it out there in case anyone does like it.

From: Central

To: Commander

Subject: Experiment Debrief

Date: 7/2/2035

Grateful for another successful mission, another Elder Chosen dead. And we didn’t lose a single soldier. Regardless of their… issues, Zilant & Wyvern are now our two most successful squads and I’m grateful for their work.

Here is the report on the experiment. Not sure what you and the eggheads plan to do with this data, but hope it helps them.

Wyvern

Marguerite “Snake Eyes” Dupont, France, assault

Bladder: 507 mL

Bowels: 472 g

Xuanji “Doc” Jiang, China, support

Bladder: 201 mL

Bowels: 677 g

Jessie “Deep Six” Edwards, UK, grenadier

Bladder: 109 mL

Bowels: 202 g

Anastasia “Ghost” Davydov, Russia, Reaper

Bladder: 76 mL

Bowels: 47 g

Jane “Quiet” Kelly, Ireland, assault

Bladder: 91 mL

Bowels: 99 g

Bridget “Oracle” McGregor, Scotland, psi operative

Bladder: 782 mL

Bowels: 93 g

Zilant

Astrid “Vandal” Gaustad, Norway, assault

Bladder: 377 mL

Bowels: 91 g

Ginevra “Vita” Contarini, Italy, support

Bladder: 499 mL

Bowels: 277 g

Hannah “Vixen” Campbell, Australia, sniper

Bladder: 101 mL

Bowels: 501 g

Yessica “Volt” Castro, Templar

Bladder: 799 mL

Bowels: 511 g

Millie “Valkyrie” Kahl, Germany, sniper

Bladder: 220 mL

Bowels: 299 g

Monifa “Valentine” Akerele, Nigeria, grenadier

Bladder: 77 mL

Bowels: 41 g

Summary

As suspected, psionic powers reduce bladder capacity and Yessica and Bridget’s numbers indicate their bladder not only entirely emptied, but partially re-filled and emptied again during the mission. However, it’s inconclusive if it affects bowels. Bridget, it seems, has above average bowel control while Yessica does not. Marguerite, Ginevre, and possibly Astrid lost bladder control entirely at some point, their number in the normal range for a bladder’s capacity - 400-600 mL. Marguerite & Yessica seemed to experience total bowel loss, with bowel capacity in humans averaging between 400-600 grams. However, lower bladder control doesn’t seem entirely correlated with lower bowel control. Hannah & Xuanji did not entirely empty their bladders but did empty their bowels. On the other spectrum, Monifa, Jane, & Anastasia demonstrated near-continence.

Recommendation

We recommend dividing up the team members into three categories of protective undergarments. We need more data to confirm the categories the women are in, and to determine if incontinence is improving or weakening. However, our initial recommendation is:

Padded panties - These are discreet, with padding for minor bladder loss. They are full cut panties that are specially designed to be easily washable in case of small bowel loss. The upside is less mobility concerns and no potential visibility issues regardless of clothing type, along with probable psychological benefits to the soldier.

Jane Kelly

Monifa Akerele

Anastasia Davydov

Pull-ups - These can be pulled up or down like panties and are generally not visible regardless of clothing type, but wearers not used to them will notice in strenuous activity and may need to develop a routine regarding baby powder or other anti-rash equipment. Ours are especially designed to handle medium-level leaks up to a full bladder loss and can contain some bowel loss. A full bowel loss may result in leakage.

Jessie Edwards

Astrid Gaustad

Millie Kahl

Ginevra Contarini - borderline, need more data

Tape-up diapers - These are full diapers that may be difficult to put on by the operator, though some may be able to do so. Baggier clothing is needed to avoid visibility concerns, but these can contain multiple full wetting accidents and a full messing accident. Yessica has a stock of a version compatible with her armor; we recommend duplicating these for Bridget.

Yessica Castro

Bridget McGregor

Marguerite Dupont

Xuanji Jiang

Hannah Campbell

From: Central

To: Commander

Subject: Longitudinal Study Check-In

Date: 8/9/2035

Congratulations on the continued successes. Here’s the data in progress from Wyvern & Zilant since starting our measurement of female continence.

Summary

Protection has provided a boon for the propaganda department, and far more footage of Wyvern & Zilant’s missions have been used. The realization that partial incontinence is common in both squads has also ended tensions, allowing the squads to work together more successfully. From a combat and strategy standpoint, we can consider this a success.

As a study on female incontinence, we do not have enough data yet to determine if incontinence is getting better or worse, but we do have a baseline to compare them to from civilian volunteers for our experiment. They were exposed to similar situations via virtual reality. Interestingly, our soldiers, despite being well trained and able to ignore incontinence during combat situations, are not any more continent than civilians without previous exposure to aliens or military training. Our initial hypothesis is that combat training has no impact on continence and the aliens don’t either - this is normal for human women who encounter hostile aliens.

Our categorization of squad members for the three different types of incontinence equipment seems to have hit the mark. We recommend keeping everyone in the current category of undergarment, with the understanding that occasionally the padded panties and pull-up users will have a lapse in control that may be beyond the capacity, but that it is rare enough to be worth the mobility, flexibility, and confidence boost to the wearer.

How to interpret the data:

Name

Bladder data:

Wetting accidents (out of 7 missions, defined by leakage greater than 50 mL)

Bladder size - small (<350 mL), below average (350-450 mL), average (450-500 mL), above average (500-550 mL), large (550+ mL)

Bladder control - incontinent, below average, average, above average, continent

Bowel data:

Bowel size - small (<300 g), below average (300-350 g), average (350-450 g), above average (450-500 g), large (>500 g)

Messing accidents (out of 7 missions, defined by expulsion greater than 20 g)

Bowel control - incontinent, below average, average, above average, continent

Astrid “Vandal” Gaustad, Norway, assault

Bladder

7/7

Size: Small

Rating: Below Average

Bowels

1/7

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Ginevra “Vita” Contarini, Italy, support

Bladder

7/7

Size: Average

Rating: Below Average

Bowels

4/7

Size: Average

Rating: Below Average

Hannah “Vixen” Campbell, Australia, sniper

Bladder

3/7

Size: Above Average

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

7/7

Size: Above Average

Rating: Incontinent

Yessica “Volt” Castro, Templar

Bladder

7/7

Size: Average

Rating: Incontinent

Bowels

5/7

Size: Above Average

Rating: Below Average

Millie “Valkyrie” Kahl, Germany, sniper

Bladder

4/7

Size: Average

Rating: Average

Bowels

3/7

Size: Average

Rating: Average

Monifa “Valentine” Akerele, Nigeria, grenadier

Bladder

1/7

Size: Large

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

1/7

Size: Large

Rating: Above Average

Marguerite “Snake Eyes” Dupont, France, assault

Bladder

7/7

Size: Small

Rating: Below Average

Bowels

6/7

Size: Below Average

Rating: Below Average

Xuanji “Doc” Jiang, China, support

Bladder

4/7

Size: Above Average

Rating: Average

Bowels

7/7

Size: Large

Rating: Below Average

Jessie “Deep Six” Edwards, UK, grenadier

Bladder

3/7

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

1/7

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Anastasia “Ghost” Davydov, Russia, Reaper

Bladder

2/7

Size: Small

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

1/7

Size: Small

Rating: Above Average

Jane “Quiet” Kelly, Ireland, assault

Bladder

1/7

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

2/7

Size: Large

Rating: Average

Bridget “Oracle” McGregor, Scotland, psi operative

Bladder

7/7

Size: Average

Rating: Incontinent

Bowels

1/7

Size: Above Average

Rating: Above Average

From: Central

To: Commander

Subject: Longitudinal Study Report

Date: 9/12/2035

I hear we are close to winning this war. As such, this is the final report of our scientists regarding continence among women.

Abstract

There were questions about the alien invasion’s impact on female continence. Anecdotally, witnessing female incontinence from soldiers and civilians seems to have increased. There are two parts of this study: a study of civilians, both those with a lot of exposure to aliens and those with a little, in various high-stress circumstances through virtual reality, to measure and compare continence. The second part is the use of soldiers from two all-female XCOM squads to measure their continence or lack thereof throughout missions to see if continence changes over time.

We have discovered that there is a measurable increase in incontinence with civilians who have more exposure to aliens being less continent while the two XCOM squads had a higher rate of accidents as their missions went on. However, while statistically significant, this was a relatively small shift. The lion’s share of the reported increase in accidents seems to just be the fear factor of facing a hostile alien species. It is still unclear, though, whether this shift from alien exposure is the product of a tangible action by the aliens or just the psychological impact of exposure to hostile aliens. Evidence of psychological correlation rather than causation is that soldiers with higher fear responses tended to struggle the most with continence.

One aside as well is that the size of the bladder or bowels does not seem to be heavily correlated with control. Some civilians and soldiers with small bladders or bowels had more leaks, but others were relatively in control. Thus, determining protective undergarments for soldiers was a combination of size and continence. Additionally, while all women studied experienced regular bouts of loss of control, entire bladder or bowel emptying in a singular event was not that common. Only three soldiers in the study experienced this regularly and were thus deemed incontinent. We can conclude with certainty that psionic powers in women does result in total bladder incontinence - this explained the incontinence for two of the soldiers.

Research Data Part 1: Soldiers

Astrid “Vandal” Gaustad, Norway, assault

Bladder

Size: Small

Rating: Below Average

Bowels

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Underwear: Pullups

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Partial loss of bladder control (201 mL), no loss of bowel control

Mission 2: Total loss of bladder control (361 mL), no loss of bowel control

Mission 3: Partial loss of bladder control (207 mL), minor loss of bowel control (57 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (199 mL), no loss of bladder control

Mission 5: Partial loss of bladder control (217 mL), partial loss of bowel control (162 g)

Commentary: Gaustad is firmly in the pullups category, without a single accident that her pullups could not handle. Bladder leaks are common, and she seems to have a limited capacity - leaks seem less about fear or psychological harm but more about just having a small bladder. Ironically, this saves her in the rare occasion she has completely emptied her bladder, with even a full loss of control contained by her pullups. Her bowel control is in the top 5% of women tested; if her bladder was similar to her bowels, she would be promoted to padded panties. While her loss of bladder control occurs often whenever there is a prolonged period away from a restroom, loss of bowel control seems to only occur when a combination of fear-inducing circumstances and not having relief for an extended period is present. Overall, Gaustad is a calm presence and a trusted leader on the battlefield - this demeanor has definitely helped her continence.

Ginevra “Vita” Contarini, Italy, support

Bladder

Size: Average

Rating: Below Average

Bowels

Size: Average

Rating: Below Average

Underwear: Pullups

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Partial loss of bladder control (271 mL), partial loss of bowel control (171 g)

Mission 2: Minor loss of bladder control (91 mL), minor loss of bowel control (57 g)

Mission 3: Total loss of bladder control (501 mL), partial loss of bowel control (163 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (224 mL), partial loss of bowel control (199 g)

Mission 5: Total loss of bladder control (477 mL), total loss of bowel control (401 g)

Commentary: Contarini was and continues to be considered borderline between pullups and tape-up diapers. If our study scope wasn’t ending soon, the direction of her accidents, which seem to be increasing in frequency and size, would warrant a switch to tape-ups. As such, there were only two missions that the pullups failed in, both within the past three missions. In one, she entirely emptied her bladder out of fear in combat, causing the pullups to leak. The wetness on her pants, while easily visible, were not so apparent as to warrant any embarrassment for her or cause any problems for the propaganda department regarding mission footage.

The most recent accident, however, was a total loss of control of her bowels and bladder, resulting in her pullups entirely failing. Her pants were visibly wet and soiled, leading to all footage with her visible having to be deleted. Contarini does have a loss of control when afraid or stressed in combat, and does not seem to notice in the moment, but she also just seems to have limited control. When her bladder or bowels feel full, compared to her peers, Contarini cannot hold for very long before leakage occurs.

Hannah “Vixen” Campbell, Australia, sniper

Bladder

Size: Above Average

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

Size: Above Average

Rating: Incontinent

Underwear: Tape-Up Diaper

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Minor loss of bladder control (79 mL), total loss of bowel control (471 g)

Mission 2: Minor loss of bladder control (81 mL), total loss of bowel control (455 g)

Mission 3: Partial loss of bladder control (199 mL), total loss of bowel control (488 g)

Mission 4: Minor loss of bladder control (89 mL), total loss of bowel control (457 g)

Mission 5: Partial loss of bladder control (201 mL), total loss of bowel control (491 g)

Commentary: The most noticeable part of Campbell’s history is her near total incontinence with her bowels. We are unsure if this is physical or psychological. Campbell has veteran experience with long-distance sniping, having trained by waiting hours for her mark. We believe this may have reduced her control of her bowels, as it distracted from her work as a sniper. It is acceptable practice for snipers to relieve themselves as they lay so they can continue to operate their perch and observe.

This, however, doesn’t explain Campbell’s above average control of her bladder, though she stated she doesn’t feel embarrassed by accidents at all and would feel totally fine with emptying her bladder if need be. True to her word, her accidents are frequently her letting go preemptively before battle so as to not distract her in combat. While this style serves her well in terms of managing fear and shutting out distractions, this guarantees she will stay in tape-up diapers for her duration of combat service; fortunately, this prospect does not bother her in the slightest. Campbell is proficient at changing her own tape-up diapers, which not all users are capable of.

Yessica “Volt” Castro, Templar

Bladder

Size: Average

Rating: Incontinent

Bowels

Size: Above Average

Rating: Below Average

Underwear: Tape-Up Diaper

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Total loss of bladder control (477 mL), minor loss of bowel control (61 g)

Mission 2: Total loss of bladder control (511 mL), partial loss of bowel control (141 g)

Mission 3: Total loss of bladder control x2 (899 mL), partial loss of bowel control (157 g)

Mission 4: Total loss of bladder control (501 mL), total loss of bowel control (301 g)

Mission 5: Total loss of bladder control x2 (901 mL), total loss of bowel control (327 g)

Commentary: Like all female psionic operatives, Castro has essentially no control of her bladder. Especially when she uses her powers, her bladder flows freely - this leads to her even emptying her bladder multiple times in a mission. Contrasted to McGregor, though, Castro also has relatively weak bowel control. It’s unclear if after years of already operating in tape-up diapers, she has essentially trained herself to let go when needed. Castro is a soldier who manages fear well; her loss of bowel control seems to be purely about holding capacity and avoiding distractions.

Millie “Valkyrie” Kahl, Germany, sniper

Bladder

Size: Average

Rating: Average

Bowels

Size: Average

Rating: Average

Underwear: Pullups

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Minor loss of bladder control (91 mL), minor loss of bowel control (41 g)

Mission 2: Partial loss of bladder control (181 mL), minor loss of bowel control (47 g)

Mission 3: Minor loss of bladder control (87 mL), partial loss of bowel control (144 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (201 mL), partial loss of bowel control (128 g)

Mission 5: Total loss of bladder control (474 mL), total loss of bowel control (401 g)

Commentary: Kahl’s continence has neither been particularly strong nor concerningly weak, though it has trended negatively. She is another candidate for transitioning to tape-up diapers if the study were to go longer. Kahl would likely resist this, as she is reluctant to admit she has an incontinence issue and in fact has petitioned to be moved to padded panties, despite no evidence to support this. Kahl’s incontinence seems driven by fear in battle. Make no mistake, Kahl is an exemplary soldier whose fear-induced losses of control do not cause her to freeze in battle or make critical errors, but her bladder and bowels seem to have a mind of their own. Despite the fear-based incontinence, Kahl rarely entirely lets go. Only one mission did this occur, and this was also her only pullup failure. Due to the large number of soldiers experiencing heavier than usual losses of control in this mission, very little footage was used by the propaganda department.

Monifa “Valentine” Akerele, Nigeria, grenadier

Bladder

Size: Large

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

Size: Large

Rating: Above Average

Underwear: Padded panties

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Minor loss of bladder control (71 mL), no loss of bowel control

Mission 2: Minor loss of bladder control (67 mL), minor loss of bowel control (33 g)

Mission 3: Minor loss of bladder control (41 mL), minor loss of bowel control (41 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (171 mL), no loss of bowel control

Mission 5: Minor loss of bladder control (21 mL), no loss of bowel control

Commentary: Akerele has perhaps the best continence among our soldiers and ranks in the top 1% of all test subjects, soldiers and civilians. Two factors play to her advantage. One, she has a larger than average capacity and this seems to help her hold it for longer periods of time. Second, Akerele does not seem to have an issue with fear in combat. Her losses of control are minor because they appear to be stress induced, not fear - hard exercise, running, jumping, etc. that jostles her body results in minor leaks, but nothing that even comes close to the capacity of her padded panties. Only once did she use her panties to capacity - in this particular instance, she had apparently been unable to visit the bathroom before the mission, making her partial loss of control still impressive given the circumstances.

Marguerite “Snake Eyes” Dupont, France, assault

Bladder

Size: Small

Rating: Below Average

Bowels

Size: Below Average

Rating: Below Average

Underwear: Tape-Up Diaper

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Partial loss of bladder control (191 mL), partial loss of bowel control (127 g)

Mission 2: Total loss of bladder control (349 mL), partial loss of bowel control (141 g)

Mission 3: Partial loss of bladder control (201 mL), partial loss of bowel control (187 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (187 mL), total loss of bowel control (301 g)

Mission 5: Total loss of bladder control (331 mL), total loss of bowel control (320 g)

Commentary: Dupont has consistently had one of the weakest bladders and bowels among those we study. While not incontinent, - in normal situations, Dupont has no issues going to the bathroom and knowing when she needs to go - combat produces a very different result. Dupont’s fear response and stress response combines to result in nearly continuous leaks during heavy combat. Fortunately, Dupont’s relatively small bladder and bowel size means tape-up diapers have no difficulty containing her accidents. Dupont is unable to change these by herself, and Jiang usually changes them for her. This partnership has actually improved the combat effectiveness of Jiang and Dupont together, as the two soldiers are now very close.

Xuanji “Doc” Jiang, China, support

Bladder

Size: Above Average

Rating: Average

Bowels

Size: Large

Rating: Below Average

Underwear: Tape-Up Diaper

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Minor loss of bladder control (77 mL), partial loss of bowel control (120 g)

Mission 2: Partial loss of bladder control (201 mL), partial loss of bowel control (177 g)

Mission 3: Partial loss of bladder control (221 mL), partial loss of bowel control (163 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (210 mL), total loss of bowel control (471 g)

Mission 5: Total loss of bladder control (552 mL), total loss of bowel control (462 g)

Commentary: Jiang’s continence isn’t significantly worse than average, but the fact that she has a slightly below average ability to hold and has a larger than average capacity means tape-up diapers are the safest option. Fortunately, Jiang is totally comfortable with this, and has treated incontinence products as just another piece of equipment. Her medical background makes her less embarrassed by the need. Jiang admitted her lack of bladder control is a side product of not trying very hard to hold it when she needs to go, preferring not to be distracted in combat situations.

She admitted to even once wetting herself in a non-combat situation just to avoid the distracting feeling of needing to urinate badly. She also admitted that once she feels the need to move her bowels, there’s limited time before she involuntarily begins to go, hence frequently messing herself in prolonged combat. While Jiang can change her diaper herself, her partnership with Dupont means Dupont often changes her diaper. This has been a boost to morale for both, with Jiang caring well for Dupont and Dupont less embarrassed by her own needs.

Jessie “Deep Six” Edwards, UK, grenadier

Bladder

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Underwear: Pullups

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Partial loss of bladder control (159 mL), minor loss of bowel control (34 g)

Mission 2: Minor loss of bladder control (77 mL), no loss of bowel control

Mission 3: Partial loss of bladder control (177 mL), minor loss of bowel control (57 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (201 mL), partial loss of bowel control (188 g)

Mission 5: Total loss of bladder control (477 mL), partial loss of bowel control (201 g)

Commentary: Edwards was someone who fluctuated widely during the study but seemed to gravitate towards a weakening control over her bladder and bowels as the missions went on. Some days, she seemed ready for padded panties, while others she seemed a candidate for tape-ups. Some of this fluctuation had to do with fear-based wetting or messing, some perhaps to do with the prolonged exposure to aliens, while another factor seemed to be tied to poor timing - Edwards sometimes didn’t bother using the bathroom before missions. Her most recent mission was a case of this, and this was the only time her pullup leaked - though only mildly, with a mildly visible bulge from her bowels and wet streaks halfway down her thighs.

Anastasia “Ghost” Davydov, Russia, Reaper

Bladder

Size: Small

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

Size: Small

Rating: Above Average

Underwear: Padded panties

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Minor loss of bladder control (61 mL), minor loss of bowel control (44 g)

Mission 2: Minor loss of bladder control (81 mL), minor loss of bowel control (27 g)

Mission 3: Minor loss of bladder control (57 mL), minor loss of bowel control (66 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (177 mL), minor loss of bowel control (47 g)

Mission 5: Partial loss of bladder control (167 mL), Partial loss of bowel control (144 g)

Commentary: Davydov is one of the strongest performers in terms of continence, though she also contributes to data that implies exposure to aliens worsens continence; as a Reaper, Davydov has had even more alien exposure than most. Davydov’s continence is also helped by a lack of fear, with her quick wits and experience addressing a wide range of aliens keeping her cool and collected. Trading off minor leaks for continued control of her movement and rifle seems to be her strategy. Her most recent mission stretched her padded panties to the limit, but Davydov remained composed throughout the mission, which meant no one but the researchers who collected her undergarments even knew about her larger than usual loss of control.

Jane “Quiet” Kelly, Ireland, assault

Bladder

Size: Average

Rating: Above Average

Bowels

Size: Large

Rating: Average

Underwear: Padded panties

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Minor loss of bladder control (81 mL), minor loss of bowel control (44 g)

Mission 2: Minor loss of bladder control (77 mL), partial loss of bowel control (155 g)

Mission 3: Minor loss of bladder control (85 mL), partial loss of bowel control (161 g)

Mission 4: Partial loss of bladder control (194 mL), minor loss of bowel control (57 g)

Mission 5: Partial loss of bladder control (210 mL), partial loss of bowel control (177 g)

Commentary: Kelly has been the fearless leader of her squad and de facto leader of both squads together. This maturity, experience, and fearlessness has helped her remain one of the more continent soldiers. However, based on how her results have trended in the past 15 missions, especially the past 5, she would warrant being moved to pullups if the study were to be continued. Kelly has endured significant trauma, such as captivity, and it’s unclear if this is contributing to a worsening continence or something more controlled by the aliens.

Whatever the cause, Kelly has not revealed any anxiety or worry about her performance. Her second-most-recent mission resulted in some leaks beyond what her panties could take, but the wet spot was minor. The most recent mission led to a slightly more visible leak and a somewhat visible bulge by the end of the mission, but mission footage from this operation wasn’t used by the propaganda department. She has commanded enough respect from the soldiers that they, too, are not disquieted by Kelly’s loss of control in the past two missions.

Bridget “Oracle” McGregor, Scotland, psi operative

Bladder

Size: Average

Rating: Incontinent

Bowels

Size: Above Average

Rating: Above Average

Underwear: Tape-Up Diaper

Past 5 missions:

Mission 1: Total loss of bladder control (477 mL), no loss of bowel control

Mission 2: Total loss of bladder control (456 mL), minor loss of bowel control (47 g)

Mission 3: Total loss of bladder control x2 (887 mL), minor loss of bowel control (29 g)

Mission 4: Total loss of bladder control (499 mL), minor loss of bowel control (77 g)

Mission 5: Total loss of bladder control x2 (901 mL), partial loss of bowel control (188 g)

Commentary: Like all female psionic operatives, McGregor is essentially bladder incontinent. Interestingly, though, McGregor has an above average control of her bowels. Like Castro, her bladder lets go entirely when using psionic powers, and she has on more than one occasion emptied a her bladder multiple times on a mission. While her bowel control has trended in the wrong direction, McGregor attests the most recent result to enduring a particularly heavy hit to the abdomen, causing her to temporarily lose control.

I tried writing an epilogue but wasn't really happy with it - maybe it's too excessive. But I thought I'd include it anyway in case anyone does like it.

Commander’s Log, 11/27/2035

FOR COMMANDER’S EYES ONLY

After the successful mission against the Elder HQ - with me surviving my bout controlling an Avatar - the ADVENT was easily overrun and is essentially entirely defeated - with legions also joining Pratal Mox and the Skirmishers. While we have some concerning scout reports from the Templars to address, governments around the world hosted congratulatory events to honor XCOM’s work.

Great Britain hosted one in particular that also recognized Zilant & Wyvern Squads. This event was of particular interest to me for reasons only I knew. What I only knew is something I’m a little ashamed of, but I feel the need to document what I observed here. I have been following the scientists’ study regarding female continence with more interest than I should have. One thing participants didn’t know was if it was continued, the scientists had developed eyeglasses that could see through clothing, detect heat, analyze bladder and bowel fullness, and detect moments of incontinence. This would have been turned over to squad leaders Gaustad and Kelly, but we won the war before it was necessary.

So, at this ceremony, I wore said glasses. And I made a special note to observe our Zilant and Wyvern squads. I told myself this was to see if battle continence was connected at all to regular continence… but the truth was I was just a pervert. Regardless, here’s what I saw.

There were delays in security with us flying a Skyranger onto British soil, so we had to rush from our travel straight to the ceremony. Fortunately, my glasses told me the squads were wearing their protection assigned during their missions. I never ordered them to - I wonder if at this point they had gotten comfortable with the protection.

The squads and I were seated on stage in a row while the various British dignitaries spoke at the lectern. I sat in the middle between Jane Kelly and Astrid Gaustad, with Zilant on the left with Astrid and Wyvern on the right with Jane. Jane wore a retro flower-patterned white romper - fashion from the 2010s making a comeback! - and my glasses indicated padded panties underneath. The short romper (which somehow had become acceptable formal wear as people re-interpreted past fashion) showed off her muscular arms and thighs. Next to her was Jessie Edwards and then Bridget McGregor, our two British (well, one Scottish) troops. Jessie was wearing a spectacularly short black dress and pullups and part of me was worried people might see up under her dress. Jessie crossed her legs tightly, though, and it seemed she was safe from that. Bridget also wore a black dress, but a long one that went to her ankles. It was loose enough to hide her tape-up diapers.

Next in line was Marguerite Dupont, who was wearing a form-fitting pink dress that went down to her mid-thighs. I could see her tapping her foot and crossing her legs over each other even from the beginning of the event. Fortunately for her, though, she was wearing her typical tape-up diapers. Marguerite was a short but muscular wavy-haired brunette woman, and despite her curves showing through her pink dress, the diaper wasn’t noticeable. I did seem to detect a hint of a bulge in her belly - whether it was her bladder or bowels or both I was unsure. Next was Xuanji Jiang, who was wearing a light blue blouse and tight black formal pants, despite her tape-up diapers. Fortunately, the combination only served to make her butt look bigger rather than revealing her protection. Finally, Anastasia Davydov was at the end of the row, wearing a black dress not as short as Jesse’s, but down to her mid-thighs.

On my other side, Astrid was tapping one of her feet on the ground as she sat somewhat uncomfortably, wearing a black dress that showed off her back and came down to the top of her knees. She had pullups underneath. Next to her was Ginevra Contarini, who wore a black jumpsuit that was just baggy enough to hide her own pullups. Yessica Castro was wearing black pants and a white shirt with a pattern to honor her ethnic Mexican ancestry. Her black pants were surprisingly tight given her tape-up diapers, but it wasn’t possible to tell she was wearing a diaper; rather, the bulge just made the curvaceous woman look like she had an even more curvaceous butt.n Hannah Campbell was wearing blue trousers and a pink top.

Similar to Yessica, her trousers were tighter than expected but the tape-up diapers merely made the stick-thin Hannah seem to have a larger ass than she really did. Millie Kahl was next, wearing a stretchy and tight green dress that went down to her calves and showed off her muscular build without revealing her pullups. At the end was Monifa Akerele, who was wearing a modestly loose black dress that went down to her knees and had sleeves; she certainly had no major protection to hide, wearing padded panties, so her modesty was a fashion choice.

The medals we were all receiving was the Victoria Cross and we had to listen to speeches from the British Prime Minister, British royalty, and British military leaders. This extended press conference was not good news for us, many of whom were already desperate upon arrival.

I kept glancing to my sides to see who would give up first. Marguerite was gripping the sides of her seat tightly while Astrid was bouncing her legs as they remained tightly crossed. Ginevra, too, had her legs crossed more tightly than necessary. Yessica, Bridget, and Hannah looked uncomfortable too but didn’t show any outward sign except worried faces and tense bodies.

I was not surprised to see Marguerite lose control first. She remained gripping her seat with her legs tightly crossed, but my glasses could see a growing heat in her crotch and identified it as urine. In fact, the glasses were so advanced they gave me an estimate of how much was left in her bladder based on her release. After a minute, my glasses notified me her bladder was empty. Fortunately for her, the tape-up diapers she was assigned could more than easily handle a bladder release, and there was no outward sign of her accident except a slight relaxation of Marguerite’s grip of her own seat.

Astrid let go next, and it was easier to watch her since she was right next to me. As some politician speaker was going on, hogging the limelight with a boring speech, I thought I could almost hear Astrid let go in spurts. She was wearing a pullup and seemed aware of it - the glasses noted the heat under Astrid’s black dress renewed in intervals, with pauses between spurts for a few seconds. The percent estimate left kept going down over the course of a few minutes - 85%, 79%, 70%, 61%, and so forth. Astrid sat still as this process went on, her legs shut closed and her hands in her lap like nothing was wrong. It drove me a little crazy to know that Astrid was slowly peeing sitting right next to me. Eventually, she was empty, and her strategy worked in ensuring her pullups wouldn’t overflow.

As the speeches went on, Yessica let go of her bladder into her taped up diapers, showing no outward sign. Her lack of change in posture and expression was probably the best strategy to avoid anyone noticing. Bridget, less experienced in this, winced a little and shifted her seat, putting her hands in front of her crotch as she let go. She was likely fearful of a leak, but she shouldn’t have since her diapers could take a full bladder.

During the second-to-last speaker, Hannah lost control in a way that surprised me. She shifted her weight to one side of her butt and my glasses detected her bowels let go. She was subtle enough that I think no one noticed, and she was lucky to not experience any loud and embarrassing farts as her diaper filled. She slowly lowered her butt and I imagine felt lucky she had tape-up diapers that could contain the load and the smell. My glasses detected heat up front too, showing some leak from her bladder as well.

As the final speaker wrapped up, we got up to line up and receive the cross from the King of England. I saw Ginevra leak as she got up, her knees knocking together for a second as she steadied her balance. The king beckoned me up first, so I went up to shake his hand and receive the cross in a display box. We paused for a second for a photo and he made an official comment about Britain’s gratitude and then I returned to my seat. This worked out for me as I watched the women in line. Jane & Astrid were up next as the squad leaders, then Bridget and Jesse as British (Bridget being Scottish, to be clear) soldiers.

While they went, my glasses detected Yessica quietly let go of her bowels as well. Like earlier, she again made no visible sign she was letting go, but with my eyes focused on her, I could see just the faintest sign of her loss of control. Her diaper wasn’t really noticeable in her black pants because they just made her butt look bigger rather than reveal she was wearing protection, and her wetting herself hadn’t changed the shape of the diaper. Her bowel loss, however, expanded the bulge just a little bit. Her butt looked just a little bit bigger and I saw the expansion before my eyes. At the end of the day, though, she was fortunate she was wearing our strongest diapers. Despite peeing and pooping herself, they held firm.

My x-ray glasses saw a momentary burst of heat from Marguerite’s rear end as well, along with literally outlining an initial turd stuck between her cheeks. She held firm, though, turtleheading in her diaper. She was up next after Bridget and strode forward to shake the king’s hand. The stride and movement caused her to lose control even further. As she shook hands, posed, and talked to the king, her bowels slowly let go while she pretended nothing was wrong. From behind, I could also see a faint outline of her diaper now through her tight pink dress, but I doubted anyone else would suspect a thing.

The last accident in line was from Millie. While she was posing with the king, I saw she was struggling to hold back both ways and peed in bursts throughout. As she stepped away, too, she let go of her bowels a little. She kept peeing in bursts as she walked back to her seat, along with letting go of her bowels further. The combination of the two meant by the time she got back to her seat, her pullups had leaked. Fortunately for her, it didn’t stain her green dress but ran straight down her legs. Her dress went down to her ankles, so no one likely noticed, but I saw the droplets on the floor by her seat. Millie remained standing instead of sitting, and since she was the second-to-last in line, no one questioned it. Soon after, the ceremony was over and we were encouraged to mingle with the British elites who were attending the ceremony. Despite that, Marguerite, Millie, Hannah, and Yessica all quickly headed out back to the Skyranger.

Ginevra, who had leaked further since I last checked on her, also turned to go. As she walked off stage, though, her bladder and bowels both let go uncontrollably. She took baby steps to the door as she tried to prevent her pullups leaking. I think she was successful in preventing her bowels from leaking, as I didn’t see much evidence without my xray function from behind, but as she turned around momentarily, I saw her black jumpsuit had a darker patch down to her thigh in the front. She was lucky to wear black, though, and I doubted anyone else picked up on it.

As the rest mingled, I could tell Xuanji was trying to work her way to the door in a socially acceptable way. However, with every step was another person who wanted to shake her hand and congratulate her. Inevitably, mid-hand shake, I saw my glasses’ thermal imaging pick up heat from her rear. My glasses identified a turd peeking out into Xuanji’s thick diaper as she talked, pushing out further as she talked to the next person. By the time she was at the door, she had fully lost control, having let go a little bit with each person she gladhanded. Her face blushed red but other than that, she showed no sign of her loss of control. I could tell there was a subtle, larger bulge in the seat of her black pants, but I think she escaped without embarrassment.

Anastasia and Monifa, both known for their stronger control, mingled without visible desperation and headed back to the Skyranger. Bridget, Jesse, Jane, and I were stuck at the party the longest (Bridget and Jesse for being British, Jane and I for our prominent roles), being there another half hour before Bridget managed to extract herself away. I saw Jane had begun leaking into her padded panties. They wouldn’t hold a full loss of control, and soon she managed to escape the crowd too. I followed her out and as she left the crowd, Jane’s pace became frantic. She made a couple turns, clearly looking for a bathroom, before finally finding a hallway with two single-occupancy bathrooms.

I quietly followed, her desperation causing her not to notice. I could see her padded panties overflow with leaks running down her legs, soaking her white romper. As she reached the door, she froze for a moment and I could see a bulge begin to form, pushing back her romper and creating a light shade of brown on the thin, white romper. She hurriedly rushed in, none the wiser that I had seen her lose control. I walked over to the door and could see droplets leading up to it on the floor. I heard rustling as Jane had to undress and take off her romper entirely to empty out her panties - a clear splash indicated when that happened.

As I stood by the bathroom, Jesse arrived. She was hunched over slightly and taking rapid baby steps. Her black dress had ridden up and her muscular legs were totally visible, with just a peek of her white pullups as well. They were lower than usual, too, and I could tell they were sagging due to being full. She seemed surprised to see me and froze in the middle of the hallway. I could see her pullups begin to leak as rivulets went down her pale left leg.

I said, “I was about to use this one but I think it’s occupied. The other one’s free, though.”

She grimaced as her pace slowed to baby steps. “Can you double check it’s free?”

I nodded, stepping into the single occupancy bathroom. For a bathroom in a royal palace, it was quite spartan but clean. I reopened the door, greeted by Jesse with pee freely falling between her legs and onto the floor. I said, “It’s empty, but, uhh…”

I was going to say it was maybe too late, but she pushed me out of the way and rushed into the bathroom, not caring that I hadn’t left the room yet. She lifted her black dress, revealing the full extent of her soaked pullups. I could see the reason for her urgency, as I saw a brown bulge grow as she hurried to the toilet. She pulled her pullups down, but it was too late - the load was in her diaper.

She was blushing bright red, her embarrassment visible on her pale skin. She glanced up however and saw my visible erection through my pants. It was my turn to blush, but she beckoned me over. When I was close enough to her, she wordlessly unzipped my pants and I didn’t stop her. Her dirty pullups still at her ankles, she began to blow me in the bathroom. I was too horny after the day’s events to consider the implications of the situation or the trouble we’d both be in if we were caught - not to mention the diplomatic incident with the British.

As she blew me, she let out a small dribble of the remainder of her bladder and pooped a little as well, ensuring she was totally empty. The sounds were enough and I came in Jesse’s mouth. She swallowed and zipped my pants back up before removing her own pullups and throwing them away. She pulled her dress down, not even caring to wipe, and we walked wordlessly together to the Skyranger - clearly both of us were planning to keep that hookup a secret.

In the Skyranger, everyone grabbed their seats and we took off for our hour-long flight back to the main carrier. My glasses told me who was in trouble. Despite emptying her bladder, Bridget’s bowels were full now, too. Astrid’s was as well, and her pullups would not handle an accident from both ends the way Bridget’s tape up diapers would. Xuanji had emptied her bowels, but her bladder was still relatively full. Anastasia & Monifa, too, were beginning to reach their limit.

Being strapped into the seat, Bridget couldn’t move as her bowels involuntarily gave up. My xray could see the mess escape and spread with little room to expand outward and my sight could see Bridget’s face wince. With the multiple accidents in the ship, it wasn’t really noticeable though. Xuanji, too, gave up and justs fully let go of her bladder. Given the mess in her diaper, there was no point in suffering any longer. She was seated one over from me, and I thought I could even hear the hissing as she fully peed. Anastasia attempted to squeeze her legs shut, but I could see warmth blossom momentarily as she leaked into her padded panties. A leak they could handle, but not much more - she was in trouble.

We finally landed and three women were in trouble - Anastasia, Monifa, and Astrid. The others hurried off the plane to the locker room to clean up, but as we departed I could see Anastasia leak a little more - and this time I didn’t even need the glasses, because I could see a trickle go down her right thigh. As she stepped off the plane, too, my xray picked up her bowels moving, Anastasia pinching off the end of a turd as she stepped off the plane. Her pullups about to overflow and her bowels about to empty, she hurried to the locker room as leaks visibly formed along her thighs. Monifa was close after, and the usually in-control Nigerian had a momentary leak that no one but me knew about - my glasses informing me in the reduction of her bladder load and the warmth in her padded panties. They both, however, made it inside the locker room where I couldn’t follow them.

Astrid followed them in, a fart ringing out as she entered the room declaring her need. She pretended nothing happened as the door shut behind her, but she soon stepped out again. I was about to head to my cabin when she approached me. “Commander… the bathrooms are full in there. This is extremely unprofessional of me, but…” She winced as she likely held back a wave of desperation. “May I use your restroom?”

I nodded, acting like I wasn’t excited by the offer. “Don’t worry about it, that’s fine. Come with me.”

We entered the elevator and Astrid stood stiffly still, holding back her load. As the elevator came to a stop, she let out another fart but pretended it didn’t happen as we got off and entered my room. I could see as we entered that she was losing control. My glasses indicated her bowel contents were dropping slowly and I saw a warm lump begin to enter the seat of her dress. As she opened my bathroom door, I no longer needed even the glasses as I saw the bulge expand and cause her already full pullup to leak old urine down her legs. As she clutched the doorknob, I heard the farts and crackling of her losing control entirely as she vacated her bowels, frozen in shock.

I quickly came up from behind and held her, in part to comfort her and in part to feel her bulge push back against me as she felt my own growing bulge push against her. As she continued to poop, I kissed her on the neck and then pulled off her dress. She was now naked except for her bulging pullups about to overflow. I ripped them off and disposed of them after she finally finished pooping and carried her into my personal shower. Rather than clean her up just yet, I stayed behind her and held her messy rear close as I fingered her before inserting myself. It wasn’t long before we both came and we could finally clean up in the shower.

