The Strange Life of Spector Incognito (Multiple)

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-09-18 14:34

Warning: The story that you are about to read is at least 20% true. Also, it contains diapering, messing/pooping, masturbating, and squirting, as well as wetting and peeing. (Knowing me, it may contain mostly messing.)

Just remember...you've been warned. :D

Prologue:

My name is Spector Incognito. I have just enrolled to Aeris University. I'm eighteen years old. I've always wanted to know what living on my own really felt like, so I've planned move out of my parents' house and into a dorm. But before I could do that, I had to get a physical AND a shot. But it wasn't all that bad, until the nurse had whipped out the first needle. As soon as she stuck it in my arm, I began to notice her knees shaking. I wondered if she was afraid of something. When I asked her that, she smacked me in the face, probably 'cause I said it in a joking manner. But when I started to hear something splashing on the floor, I quickly thought otherwise. Yes, my friends, this twenty-something-year-old lady (obviously her early twenties) had just pissed herself right in front of me. At that very moment, she asked if she could check my...you-know-where.

I took off my belt and unzipped my pants, just as it started to spring up. The nurse took one good look at it and went "Ooooh, a happy little one, aren't you?" and wraps her soft fingers around it. Now, I had to pee, myself-- really badly. The way she began to move it was making it hard to hold it in. Eventually, she takes it out of my pants and moves it around some more. Then she strokes it with her hands. I was desperately trying to hold it in (of course, I'd tell her I had to pee, but I thought it's better if she didn't know).

Then she moves it faster to where it was just about to come out at once. After about five seconds, the floodgates have opened, making it spray all over her chest. I stopped it, just as it had almost hit her in the eye, but the way she was moving it had made it impossible to keep it closed, as a bigger stream had gushed out right in her face. Though I almost felt embarrassed about this, she somehow seemed to like it, as she sighs and moves it around so it would get all over her body.

Then, all of a sudden, she unbuttons the top of her dress and puts it in her bra so it would get in between her breasts. Her head, on the other hand, was in so close of a reach that I could stroke her long powder blue hair. When the stream stopped seconds later, she took it out of her breasts and re-buttoned her dress up. I stared at how badly her dress was soaked, along with her face and neck. At that point, she had placed her hand on her butt. As she started to fidget again, I slowly crept my hand up her dress and placed my finger on her panties, just as she had quickly took it out and ran to the toilet, surprisingly with the door open. She sat on the toilet, watching me staring at her.

Eventually, I began to hear the biggest eruption I had ever heard in the toilet. As she was holding on to her stomach, she was farting very loudly, probably in hope to push something out. She then asked if I wanted to watch. As much as I wanted to plug my nose, there was no way in hell that I could tell her no. She got up and slowly pulled me next to the toilet. I sort of expected to see her legs open; instead, she closed them, lifted the seat, and sat on the rim. I grabbed her shoulders so she wouldn't fall into the toilet. As I stared into the toilet, I began to hear more gas come out of her butt before seeing brown fluids shooting out in a massive jet stream. She stops every now and then to catch her breath before pushing out another stream. She seemed to be out, but she was actually trying to hold in a third stream. She fidgeted a little, hoping that it would come out in a massive burst. A few seconds later, it came out in a much more powerful force than before.

After it had stopped seconds later, I had wiped her butt and the front side (if you know what I mean) and flushed the toilet. I don't know why she even bothered putting those pee-soaked panties back on, but I'll bet that she felt good about letting it all out. But then I got concerned about her dress. Thankfully, there were plenty of spares in the cabinets. There was also a sports bra sitting underneath the desk for some odd reason. Her underwear, on the other hand, was replaced with a very thin diaper, which she seemed to have trouble getting on; I had to help her out with it. Then we both washed our hands and went back to the room to finish the checkup. When she finished, I had left out of her office with a pair of her pink panties with ten digits written in black ink on the back. In the front, right at the wet spot, was the name Clara. If I know one thing, I'm gonna be callin' somebody tonight!

*002*2012-09-19 12:45

{{: 

I don't know if it was just me but I read that in my head very fast. And I don't mean because it was short, but it seemed like the flow of the story wasn't quite right. It was just one thing-then another-then another. I thought after the "ooooh, happy little on are you" he was going to wake up....but he didn't....although this could be classified as a type of smut or fantasy fiction I think you just need to calm down a bit when writing. There are some interesting things you got there, just didn't execute it properly. Also you used too many pronouns for such a short passage.

Haha wow I sound a bit like a pest, but I think it's better to learn from mistakes rather than to continue doing them! :) I look forward to reading more.

}}

It was intentionally just an introduction chapter; I didn't really put much focus on it, and this is actually the first time I've ever done a story in first-person view, if not the second.

Thanks for the feedback, though. I'll be sure to make the next chapter a lot better than this one. :D

*004*2012-09-25 05:17

{{: 

Interesting....looking forward to the next chapter

}}

Oddly enough, I had just planned to add on another chapter. I think I'll just add on to some of my other stories, first, then come back to this one. ;)

