The Guild Apprentice: Short Stories

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2019-01-23 00:50

After a long stretch of work, I'm finally happy to say that I will be doing a series of shorts for my interactive: The Guild Apprentice. The first short is from the most recent chapter and involves The Bard, Addilyn Tsereteli during her most desperate moments of the story. This is a condensed version of that chapter which is done from Addilyn's point of view.

Patented Clom Warning: This story focuses heavily on bowel desperation and farting. This is probably the crudest story I've written, featuring lengthy fart desperation, bowel desperation and stuff I know that doesn't interest a lot of people. That is not the case for all of these shorts, but for this one you've been warned.

Enjoy!

###

A horde of untamed goblins been troubling the local farmers and as such the call for a Fighter was answered. Ayla had arrived in the hamlet a day before, assisted the local guards with clearing out the caverns they infested and rode off back toward Guilden, stopping only to make camp the night before. Ayla always relished her time near the borders of her homeland. Tall, majestic trees, long flowing rivers of crystal clear water that sparkled in the sun, the majestic songs of birds and wildlife that swept through the forests; The true beauty of the country of Balkana started long before the border. While Addilyn Tsereteli, bard of Balkana, loved her home in Eserith, she always knew her true home was the country of nature and song.

The Bard awoke to a beautiful summer morning; the sunlight warming the forest and the fragrant aroma of flowers in the air. As the sun was rising over the trees, Ayla packed up her supplies, prepared herself a treat of cold, sweetberry tea, and relieved herself in the grass before saddling up and making the rest of her journey home. On her day-long journey, Ayla made only one stop - to take a drink from the river and relieve herself against a tree before carrying on toward Fort Victoria. The sun was just setting as she rode along the lakeside and through the gates into the bustling town of Guilden.

"Guildhand!" The guards at the gate called out as they noticed her horse brandishing the banner of Fort Victoria. The men stood aside and allowed Ayla to pass, lowering their heads in respect.

The Bard left her horse at the stable in the west of town and proceeded through the narrow streets. She passed a group of cheerful market goers, reminding her that she would have to visit the summer fair before it left for the next town. Perhaps celebrating her victory with a bowl of noodles in plum sauce or a nice bottle of rice wine. She passed a group of men investigating a leak in an alleyway, muttering among themselves and soon she ascending the stairs toward Fort Victoria. Almost home.

Ringing in the air, the familiar clings and clangs of swords welcomed The Bard. Apprentices practicing in the training yards, yells and grunts as they sparred. Ayla was finally home. She loved returning to these sounds, pretending they were a fanfare announcing her arrival within the fort. It made her feel like a mighty warrior returning to the castle after a grand quest. She strutted through the large iron doors and took in the long-awaited sight of the grand hall. Home. Home at last.

Finally home after a long journey, Ayla wanted nothing more than to unpack her bag, perhaps play her violin a little, and then collapse on her bed. But before doing any of that, she had to make one important stop. I've been waiting all day to finally use a privy. She had been sitting on a loaf the whole time she'd been at the border, and the celebratory banquet she had feasted on the night before had finally hit the pits of her stomach. It was a great feast, a whole table of the finest spiced meats, bread and cream cakes the town could put together to honour their saviour. Ayla downed her fill along with a fine helping of wine and as a result she had spent the whole night gassy, farting beneath her sheets until the sun rose. Not once had the need to void her bowels burdened her until now.

But even when she was home Ayla could not escape the call of duty. On her way to the lavatory she was caught up by Lucina. The white-haired warrior and Guildmaster of the fort, although she did not consider herself of the title. "Addilyn, I thought I saw you walking through the yard. I'm glad to see you're back safely." She said with warm greeting.

"It's nice to see you too, Lucina." The greetings were dull, and felt far more formal than Ayla enjoyed. She struggled to see Lucina as a friend after taking the rank of Guildmaster.

"I was hoping there was a favour I could ask of you. I know you've just come back but it's urgent."

"Of course, I was hoping I could... never mind. What do you need?" Ayla asked.

Lucina puffed out her cheeks and exhaled wearily. "Could you summon Yuka to the study. Myself and Damari wish to have a word with her regarding a recent contract."

Of course you do. Ayla held her sigh. "Sure I can. I, um, do you mind if I..." She pointed toward the dining hall.

"I'm sorry, I need her in the study now." Without a goodbye, Lucina headed back to her study, leaving Ayla without another word.

With Lucina gone, Ayla finally let out her sigh. It was never good when the Guildmaster called a summon and in Yuka's case it was worse. Guildmaster Gregori had always been lenient with Yuka, but since his death that leniency was lost. Yuka suffered the full extent of the Guildmaster's wrath when her contracts went awry and more times than not it only put stress on hers and Lucina's friendship. Ayla had noticed the growing tensions, but she dared not question it. She knew it was naive to believe their bond was too strong for such a divide between them, but she still held onto that belief.

On such a beautiful day, there was only one place Yuka could be. Down at the mouldy old dock near the Undercroft. That was where she enjoyed to drink, away from all the loud noises of the Fort. Ayla needed to use the lavatory, but she put it on hold to go seek out her best friend. She'd held all through the day, she could wait a few more minutes. She walked away from the dining hall and made her way toward the Undercroft. She passed the leftovers of several wine bottles scattering a windowsill in the bowels of the fort, and Ayla knew for certain now that Yuka was down at the dock.

But she didn't find Yuka at the dock, though the scattered bottles of wine left behind certainly told a story. What she did find was something she hadn't expected. At the far end of the dock, Ayla caught the glimpse of a girl with long grassy hair, bent down in a most indecent position. The girl was squatting, her legs spread, revealing her small starfish between a pair of plump cheeks and the slightest glimpse of her womanly slit. Ayla could see it all, the girl was crouched over the waters edge, a stream of piss running from between her legs, piddling into the water beneath.

The girl, completely unaware of Ayla's presence, went about her business with pleasure. The girl was in ecstasy, not letting a moment of her relief pass in silence; She hummed and ha'd as she pissed in the lake, her legs trembling as she squatted, her anus twitching as she strained the last drops from between her legs.

Ayla couldn't believe it. She was frozen with disbelief. Such... crude conduct. She must be one of Yuka's friends.

Finally, the girl finished up at the edge of the dock. Believing herself to be alone, the girl expelled a bout of wind. She sighed gleefully and finished her pee. After the deed was done, did Ayla decide to make herself known. She knew most of the company Yuka kept, they didn't care for being seen in such an indecent position and she knew it. But that was the first mistake Ayla made - believing this green-haired girl was anything like Yuka. She approached the girl squatting by the lake and gently put out a hand to tap her shoulder. Before she could, she saw a twitch of fear in the squatting girl. The Bard retracted her hand, took a step back and instead decided to address the girl. "E-Excuse m-me, a-are." That was her second mistake.

The girl turned to face Ayla, her beautiful eastern eyes staring in terror unmatched by anything Ayla had seen. Her lips trembled, quivering. The girl didn't speak, instead unleashing a terrified shriek that pierced the skies.

Ayla felt her ears almost shatter, her heart was racing with trepidation. All Ayla could do to calm the screaming girl was scream back. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" She yelled, throwing her arm over her eyes into darkness. "I thought you were just pee... peering! Peering into the water! I didn't know... I'm sorry!"

"HOW LONG HAVE YOU BEEN THERE!?" The girl finally spoke, but her composure was next to none.

"I JUST GOT HERE! I'M LOOKING FOR A FRIEND." Ayla gulped. If word of this got out, people would think I'm some lewd voyeur! "I'm sorry, please take your time." She turned her back on the girl and pointed towards the stairs. "I'll just wait over there."

A flurry of thoughts flew through her head. She couldn't steady her racing heart, she couldn't steady her trembling legs, she was overwhelmed with fear. I heard her fart, I heard her peeing, I saw her... places. And she saw me! Ayla thought. Back a meager five minutes and already she had found herself wound up in the unspeakable.

"Alright... I'm d-done. You could've at least waited... or not snuck on me like you did." The girl hissed.

"I'm sorry." The girls strict tone made Ayla feel like a child being scolded by her mother. She looked down at her boots, too scared to look the girl in her eyes. "I should've waited. I didn't meant to scare you." I need to not look so scared, I need to look her in the eyes. Slowly, Ayla raised her head, staring into the girls eyes. "It's just... nobody comes down here except for a friend of mine." She rubbed the back of her neck, trying to hide the trembling. "I'm just looking for her. My name is A-"

"Ayla!" From behind, Ayla heard the excited squeals of her best friend. "Ayla! Ayla! Ayla!" Before she could even turn around Yuka was already on her, squeezing her and lifting her off the ground. To her surprise, Yuka did not reek of wine. A rarity. "There's my favourite little Princess fucker! I've missed you! I've missed you! I've missed you!"

Yuka's hug made The Bard feel warm inside, one of her favourite parts of returning was the first few moments when her best friend saw she was back. She would lift her off her feet and make her feel like she was the only girl in the world who mattered. "Hiya, Yuka! I've missed you too." Ayla spat out a lock of her fiery hair that had ended up in her mouth as Yuka span her around. "I've only been gone a few days."

"Yeah, but that feels like a whole month to me without you here!"

Ayla felt nearly crushed as Yuka squeezed tighter, never wanting to let The Bard go. As happy as Ayla was, the force only served to speed up matters brewing in her belly. She leant in to Yuka's ear and whispered. "Yuka... do you mind if we... I need to... you know."

Yuka started giggling like a juvenile, but she remained silent to Ayla's plight. "Ah okay. Don't want to squeeze it out of you." She put The Bard back on the floor and gave her a wine-soaked kiss on the cheek, still keeping her wrapped in a warm embrace. "Ah, you're awake Shibo! And looking awfully red in the face." She waves to the green-haired girl. "I was gonna say something, but forget it. Did you meet Ayla? Did you introduce yourself."

"We've already met." The girl, called Shibo didn't sound too happy about that fact.

"Gah! It feels like we don’t talk as much. You never come down here anymore. I love Ledley, but she’s nothing compared to my favourite little bard!"

"I'm just trying to keep you and Lucina happy." With those words, Ayla felt the warmth inside her dwindle. She walked away from Yuka, feeling her friends arms slump from her shoulders with little resistance. "That's why I'm here actually." I'm sorry, Yuka. If only I had come down to see you. "She wants to speak with you in the Guildmaster's study."

Yuka slumped her shoulders as the joy she felt a moment ago drained away. Ayla could sense it, when she lost her smile, that was when she was not her jovial self. The perky thief looks as grim as death. "Is Damari there?" She asks with a sigh. Yuka did not enjoy dealing with Damari, nor did she enjoy dealing with Lucina.

"Damari is there."

"Of course he is..." Yuka sighed. Ever since Guildmaster Gregori's death, Damari had overseen everything in the fort with Lucina by his side. It had become well known that those who were summoned to the Guildmaster's study would answer to both him and Lucina. "Alright, best I get this shite out of the way."

Before she left, Yuka turned to Shibo and began talking to her, asking her if she would be still be coming out tonight. As Yuka and Shibo spoke about their plans for the night, Ayla looked out over the lake, soaking in the view of the mountains. It's good to be home. She breathed in the fresh air and let out a content sigh. Before she knew it, Yuka was in her face, talking about how Shibo had caught an amazing fish. Ayla listened, but she never had much interest in fishing. She gave the usual questions to make herself look interested but her mind idled on the scenery. Yuka and Shibo returned to talking and Ayla returned to the world in her head.

"Ah, right!" Ayla heard Yuka call before hearing a finger snap beside her ear. "Ayla do you want to do your big sis a favour? It would mean the world to me!"

She was tired from her journey and she needed to make a "drop" at the privy, but when Yuka give her the look of an alley pup, Ayla couldn't say no. "Of course."

Excited, Yuka pulled in Shibo, pressing her against her breasts. "Great! This is a new friend of mine and Ledley's! Her name's Shibo. She's one of the new apprentices! “She could use a hand being shown around the fort, you know, bathing rooms, bunkhouse… getting settled in. I was gonna do that myself, but I can't if I need to go talk to the bastard baroness."

"A pleasure to meet you Shibo." Ayla bowed her head, introducing herself properly after the drama that had ensued. It was the least she could do. "You didn't think of showing her around when you met her?" She asked Yuka. "Fort Victoria can be pretty overwhelming for New Apprentices."

"Hehe, don't I know. I needed to take a piss earlier and ended up in an empty room." Yuka chuckled, rubbing the back of her neck. “Would you believe me if I told you I was waiting for the best navigator of Fort Victoria to return home?”

"I wouldn't"

"What if I told you that I was showing her all that famous Guildhand comradery by inviting her down for drinks in the sun?" She rubbed the back of her neck nervously once more.

For a thief, Yuka didn't make a good liar when Ayla was involved. Everything became a joke. "Yuka~" The Bard put her hands on her hips sternly and shook her head with disappointment. "How did you meet her? It's not often you talk to the apprentices... unless your teasing them." You seem to forget your warnings for going too far with your pranks.

“Okay, settle in. I’m going to tell you all about it. From the beginning!” Ayla already knew what was coming as Yuka puffed out her chest and cleared her throat. “You see, our fine lady had consumed too much wine at her royal banquet, and as such became incapacitated! As time passed, she felt the pressing, really dire urge to piss.” Yuka enticed her into the story with a worrisome stare. “It was leg-crossingly, pant-wettingly bad! Our fair lady, unable to contain her royal dam, tried her best to hold herself. But it was near hopeless… Until a noble saviour swept in! That saviour’s name?” She pointed over to Shibo, welcoming the girl into the story with a mock fanfare.

“Shibo! This noble Knight offered to take our royal lady to the royal lavatory so that she could take a royal leak!” Ayla felt herself being pulled into the story, captivated by the fantastic storyteller that was Yuka. “So our brave Knight carried our fair lady, who tried and tried to hold it, sacrificing her own decency so she could avoid flooding her royal chambers! Finally, we arrived! The Princess was overjoyed, throwing herself from her saviour’s grasp so could finally tinkle, and oh what a tinkle it was going to be! But alas, an evil wizard had cast a cruel spell on the castle! Swapping the lavatory and another more barren room. The Princess had stumbled upon an empty room, devoid of a place for her to go!”

Ahem! Both Ayla and Yuka looked over to Shibo, who cleared her throat. "I, uh, don't recall that part." She said, unimpressed.

Yuka brushed off Shibo's qualms, a gesture that made Ayla giggle. “The Knight didn’t know of the vile curse! But the Princess could sense it!” Ayla always knew her best friend had a flair for theatre, and it showed. She continued listening with bated breath. “It felt like it was over. She leaked a royal leak as all hope was as drained as she wished to be. But there was still hope for our leaky princess.” Yuka points a powerful toward the lake. “The land of eternal hope! A land where any desperate girl could squat, stand and tinkle! The Princess had to make it here. She pleaded with the knight, but at first he was reluctant.”

Ahem! Shibo cleared her breath again, this time looking agitated with her arms crossed firmly. "I'm not a he. Also she's only asking ho-"

“Silence, Knight! This is the Princess’s rendition! So, the Knight was reluctant, but even he came around and saw the pain the Princess was in. Only the land of eternal hope could relieve her. So they ventured onward, out into the blazing heat. The Princess rode atop the Knight, too desperate to even walk…” Ayla felt her smile grow as she was further engrossed in this thrilling tale. It reminded her of the stories The Crafter would tell her. “We made it, and just in the nick of time! The Princess could see it, an unending sea before her. Delighted, knowing relief was just a second away, she hopped off the Knight and rushed to the waters edge.

She pulled aside her royal attire and pissed, and oh did she piss! The lake water rose three inches that day! Peasants who drank from the lake were cured of any ailment. Including poverty! And at long last the Princess was relieved. To thank her noble Knight, she insisted he stay for wine, unaware that not only did wine make him tremendously gassy, but sleepy too. Our fine Princess would nap atop his glorious thighs! And that’s how it all happened!” After a moment of silence where it seems like Yuka is waiting for a thunderous applause, she shrugs her shoulders and smiles. “I hope we got the moral of the story: If in doubt, the land of eternal hope is here for you!"

Shibo muttered something under her breath, too quiet for anybody else to hear. She began clapping slowly, looking awkwardly at Yuka, who takes a victory bow. "I didn't think you were such a good storyteller, bar some embellishment. You should be a playwright."

"Embellishment is the mother of all modern tales." The Bard added. That was the first rule The Crafter had taught her.

"I learned from the best, I did." Ayla found herself being pulled in and once again tangled in one of Yuka's hugs. "Seeing my fiery-haired little princess fucker is all the inspiration I need."

"You're still my favourite storyteller in the whole realm." It's like being back with my older sister. Ayla thought as she wrapped her arms around Yuka, embracing her best friend. "You'll have to tell me what I've missed. In a similar manner, of course."

"It's a date! For now though, I should go speak with the baroness before she beats me with the stick up her arse.” Off Yuka ran, stopping only to turn back to Ayla “So you’ll show Shibo around?”

"Sure. I'm happy to help." The Thief vanished in the blink of an eye, using the speed she had built a reputation on. Even now watching her dart off into the distance still amazed Ayla. But once Yuka was gone, the air had grown quiet... and awkward. The Bard stood, being watched by Shibo and both were unsure what to say. Ayla adjusted her dress, swept back her hair and gave her new friend a kind smile and an offering of her hand. "Allow me to introduce myself properly this time!" She followed up with a bow. "My name is Addilyn Tsereteli, Bard of Balkana, Admirable Archer of the Arcane and and Royal-certified Guildhand of Guilden. Though... most just call me Ayla." She finished her excited introduction humbly.

Shibo glared at Ayla, looking overwhelmed by The Bard's introduction. Ayla was used to that look, partly stuck between wanting to punch her in the face and wanting to warmly shake her hand. Thankfully, the former had only happened once. Shibo smacked her lips. "Shibo Kenshiko, though most just call me Shibo." She introduced herself with an awkward chuckle.

"I, uh, am sorry I startled you while you were... you know." And then, unsure if it was driven by guilt, or stupidity, Ayla made the most bizarre offer. "If it'll make you feel any better... I could tell you a story about me?" What am I saying!? She couldn't believe the words coming from her mouth.

The girl, brushing her green-hair aside, glared, unamused by the offer. "And what good would that do?"

"Well..." Why am I still talking? "It might make you feel better if you hear something worse. I don't want us to get off on the wrong foot. Also it assures you that I won’t go gossiping, right? You’d be surprised how quickly word gets around this place." It's fine. She'll say no. Why would she want to hear something so ridiculous?

"On second thought, I'm curious now." Shibo answered with a smug grin growing on her lips. "It is only right to accept the offer of embarrassing secrets."

Gah! Of course she's one of Yuka's friends! She's a pervert! Ayla had expected her to say no. She would've taken some comfort in at least knowing she offered, but that brief moment of confusion from Shibo had made The Bard adamant she'd turn it down. Ayla twiddled her thumbs, damning herself for what she'd done. "Hehe... I guess I did offer that, huh?"

With a beating heart and cheeks as red as beets, Ayla started delving into her most embarrassing story; she remembered it like it was just yesterday - a tale about herself and her friends going out for drinks to celebrate her rank as a Guildhand. Ayla started the story slow, regret troubling her for getting herself in this situation. She spoke of getting drunk, filling herself to the brim on every ale the tavern could offer. The taste of bitter dripped on her tongue as she recalled it. Just as she got to the part about being carried home drunk, Ayla felt her tongue weigh on her. She seized up and couldn't say another word of her story. "You know... the rest if pretty silly. You don't want to hear it." She chuckled nervously, hoping Shibo would be happy with just that.

It didn't sit with Shibo, who merely shrugged her shoulders. "Would you mind continuing? You've made me curious now."

"C-Curious about an embarrassing story." It's Matilda all over again. This girl is perverted. "You sound like my old girlfriend. Or Yuka."

Again, Shibo shrugged her shoulders, showing that she was unwilling to hear anything against it. “I have to admit, Yuka’s story has put me in the mood for something with some bardic flair! And who better to tell it than a bard?”

“Yeah but… I could tell you about dragons or a great siege or something… Does it need to be about me… and… pissing?”

“It was your suggestion.” Shibo chuckled. “You don’t need to be so ashamed about telling me. Especially after… you know.” She pointed behind her, to the scene of the crime, still fresh. “Look at how Yuka told you her story so boldly. She told it like a bard, not sparing a single detail, and with a clear voice.” For the first time, Shibo sounded encouraging, but right now all that did was make Ayla even more uncomfortable. This girl REALLY wants to hear this.

She grabbed the hem of her dress, rubbing her hands against the soft fabric. It made her feel at peace. “I d-don’t think bards tell these kinds of stories, especially to a big audience.” She rubbed her ruby cheeks.

Shibo strutted past her and plopped herself down on a chair left on the dock. “Well for now, it’s just me. I’m your audience.” She leant forward in the chair. “Don’t be embarrassed. Think of it like any other story. Fighting a dragon, fighting legions of undead, just think of it like that!”

Ayla covered her mouth, hiding a chuckle. “You’re… really eager to hear this aren’t you?” She said softly. She's a pervert, she's a pervert, she's a pervert.

“You offered. A good bard doesn’t tell a story and stop halfway.” Shibo sat, hands crossed. “Just go when you’re ready. Take your time.”

Although her cheeks were still flushed with embarrassment, Ayla clenched her fist. She was a bard, a creator of stories, and she wouldn't falter from the task. “Okay.” She brushed a strand of fiery hair from her eyes and took a deep breath. This would be the best performance Shibo had ever heard.

“So later that night I woke up in pitch blackness. With all the drinking, and merriment going on in town, I didn’t get a chance to “Spend a penny” before bed. So I woke up fit to burst. A whole night of wine trying to break me down like the walls of a grand castle! In a really sloppy state, I was left with no choice but to drag myself to the privies.” I need movement! To show her what it was really like! Ayla began mimicking the motions of that night like they were happening again.

“Do you know what it’s like moving around in the dark when you’re really drunk, plus you really need to piss? It’s not pleasant. I felt like a zombie, full of wine and piss, dragging my feet through the dark, eerie corridors of Fort Victoria on my quest for relief.” This isn't so bad. “I finally, after a long hobble through the halls, got to the privies. But do you know what I found? That they were locked! But!” She raised a finger. “Only the girls. So I did what any girl would do in my situation…” Her tongue began to seize again as memories of what happened next flooded her mind. “I used the boys privies…”

"Don't be shy about it." Shibo, who looked enthralled, clenched her fist, urging her to carry on. "Just remember how Yuka told hers and keep going!"

"Right!" Ayla felt reinvigorated, like she was telling a gripping, grand ballad before the courts of the finest castle. “So in I went, secretly and slyly, knowing if I’d be caught it would be over. A girl using the boys privy? I’d be chastised until the end of time! In I went, quiet as a whisper and to my own desperate dismay I noticed something horrible; the privies were nowhere to be seen, removed from existence…” Again, the haunting thoughts dulled the flame inside her. “...All there was… was the… iron t-trough… which I tried to… I pulled down my shorts and… in the trough…” She could still remember looking down at the dull steel trough, puzzling herself at how she was supposed to use it without the proper faculties.

Looking disgusted, Shibo leant in. "You... didn't... in the..."

SHE'S A PERVERT! “I g-got stage fright. Doing it like a boy, I couldn’t, no matter how much I had to go. Yuka makes it look so easy, huh?” Ayla could only shrug her shoulders. “Keeping a strong face… I zipped back up and ran back into the black night, at this point I wouldn’t make it much longer. Ah!” Remembering Yuka's own tale, Ayla thrust a finger toward the lake. “The land of eternal hope, as Yuka calls it! I just had to make it out of the fort and down to the waters edge. A bush, a tree, a ledge, that's not as embarrassing as in the boys!

When you're a traveller, you're basically raised peeing in nature! So off I went! On my walk out, all I could think of was just getting it done, but then fate threw a horrible twist! I heard voices coming up from town. I couldn’t let those people see me in my state, nor could I let them know where I was going. So… I ran and hid in the stable until they could pass. But then, another cruel twist of fate for the poor bard! My attempts to avoid detection worked too well! one of the boys locked me in the stables, unaware of my presence. That..." That was the worst part. "Was the end of it. I couldn't hold it in any longer. Alone, drunk, and about to water myself like a plant… I did it right there… in the hay.”

"Let me guess, somebody saw you making water in the hay?" There was a subtle look of disgust on Shibo's face. Ayla could barely see it, but she knew it was there.

It had been much worst, but Ayla wasn't yet at that part. “You’d think that. But here's the biggest twist of the whole story." And here came the twist, the most important part of any story, but recounting her worst moment didn't give Ayla the energy she needed for the grand finale. "It was, actually, all a dream. I was sleeping, and… actually relieving myself… in my bed.”

“Your bed?” Shibo asked.

“My bed.” Ayla confirmed it.

“Did anybody find out about it?”

“Funny you should say that,” And here was the biggest twist, the twist of the twist. “I was sharing a bed with my g-girlfriend at the time. We were c-cuddling so, of course, I ended up making my water against her back.” Not that it bothered Matilda, she always had a thing for that. “She got pretty soaked.” The warm memories of her old lover made Ayla giggle. “I… uh… So that’s it! A tale as shameful as your own!" I need a moral! Yuka's story had a moral! All good stories have a moral! Aha! "You don’t need to be so ashamed about doing what we all do. We’re Guildhands! Adventurers! We pee where we have to, right?” Unable to think of anything else to say, Ayla finished her story with a thumbs up that must've looked as awkward as it felt.

Shibo looked lost for words, her mouth was wide open but no words came out. "I... guess." She said, just saying something to fill the empty air.

"But that story's just our little secret right?" Overcome with the excitement she hadn't felt in a long while, The Bard wrapped up her enchanting tale with a bow and a question. "I haven't had a chance to tell a story in a while, even if it was my most embarrassing one. So what did you think?"

She expected praise, applause befitting of the best playwrights, but what Ayla expected was not what Ayla got. With a smug smile, Shibo crossed her arms. "I thought it was cute."

"C-Cute?" C-Cute! She really is a pervert! She couldn't look a stranger in the eyes after being told that. I just told her a story about wetting myself... and she found it cute! "No! No! No! You weren't meant to say that!" Ayla screamed with scorn. "It's not a cute story! It was a recollection of my most embarrassing moment! It wasn't meant to be cute!" Her cheeks felt hot as blood rushed to them, she must have looked as red as a pepper. "You’re supposed to say that it made you feel better! That was my intention! You can’t call my most shameful moments cute!” What kind of pervert calls that kind of story cute!?

"Well it did." Shibo shrugged. "But that doesn't mean I didn't find it adorable." She said with a smug smile.

"Adorable?" She's doing this on purpose! She has to be! "I tell you that I peed myself and you tell me it was cute and adorable like you’re one of those sleazy patrons at the Le’moir!” Befitting of the sleaziest, filthiest hole in all of Guilden! That's the kind of pervert she is!

Shibo gasped, recoiling with disgust. "What kind of voyeur do you take me for!?" She protested. "It's not lewd of me to tell you that story was adorable."

"It wasn't adorable!" Ayla couldn't take it, she couldn't look this voyeur in the eyes any longer. All she saw in those gleaming eastern eyes was a girl imagining her making a large stain on her sheets. “Imagine if it was you in my situation, reeling, desperate, about to burst! Imagine dreaming that you're making your water, only to wake up and see you're pissing your bed… with your girlfriend still in it!”

“I can’t say I went in my bed...” With a gentle jerk of her finger, Shibo pointed once again to the large damp patch on the stone. “But please don’t make me say it."

“Oh… r-right...” Ayla glanced over Shibo's shoulder. “I f-forgot.” Now she just felt guilty, retreating from Shibo's gaze and burying her head beneath her long fiery locks. “I can’t really speak, can I? I guess you do know what it’s like." Wanting to lighten the mood, she chuckled. "At least you didn't do it up somebody though."

“Can we move on from this?” Shibo sighed. It was obvious she'd grown weary of the conversation. “Would you mind showing me up to the chambers?"

Ha! We can move on from this! "Gladly! Grab your bag and let's get going. It's quite a way from the Undercroft!" Ayla rushed off toward the stairs, expecting Shibo to be right behind her. She'd hoped the new apprentice would be excited about seeing her new quarters, but as Ayla looked back to check, it was obvious she did not share her energy. "I... um, do you need a moment for anything else?"

Shibo shook her head, hoisted her rucksack over her shoulder and followed Ayla into the Undercroft.

The girls ventured through the bowels of the fort. To fill the silence, Ayla talked about Yuka, warning Shibo for what she'd gotten herself into. The blonde haired thief that Ayla called her best friend drank endlessly, farted when she pleased, and groped most things in range of her and to most apprentices that was enough for them to keep their distance. Shibo was well aware and didn't seem so bothered about being teased. But the best part came when Ayla shared the one thing about Yuka that made most people almost faint with disbelief. "She's royal-certified."

The sounds as Shibo stammered and stuttered, trying to reply to what she'd just heard gave Ayla a fit of the giggles. At least she didn't go pale, or shriek, or question it violently, believing she was being tricked. She looked to be frozen in time, jaw agape, trying to make sense of what she'd just been told. The Royal Guildhands were the best of the Guild, and to see a girl with such poor conduct carry that rank and its reputation was too much for some people to understand.

Past the spiral stairs, the girls had a run-in with two of the guilds more reclusive workers. It was Shibo who noticed first, retreating back into the corridor when she heard the approaching footsteps. "Shibo, are you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost?"

"I'm fine, just a little startled by the footsteps, is all."

Yuka's been gossiping about them hasn't she? It was a petty pasttime of Yuka's to beguile apprentices about the girls in the Undercroft, making them out to be demons who worked in the shadows, feasting on people who strayed down here. And Ayla wondered why Lucina wanted her in her study.

The girls walked out into the corridor and were met by Andi, the assistant, and daughter of Fort Victoria's distinguished gunsmith, the small dark-haired engineer Margo. Although her short stature and pudgy face gave her the appearance of a child, Margo was older than expected. Eighteen years. She kept much of figure concealed beneath a dark, oil-smelling cloak.

Andi, after her usual warm greetings, spoke to Shibo. Ayla was surprised to see the two had met, especially after their falling out with Yuka. From what she heard, it seemed that Shibo was supposed to meet Andi and her mother for tea, but based on the compromising position Ayla had found her in, and Yuka's fondness for her, it looked like that didn't happen. “I didn’t know she’d made plans with you both. Heh, if I’d known I’d have offered to walk her to the gunsmith." She said nothing of where Shibo had been, or who she'd been with. That was best for all.

They converse a short while, but not for too long. After a half-arsed introduction by Margo, Andi was interrupted by her pulling at her dress, looking quite impatient. "Andi, can we please-" She winces, her feet crossed beneath the confines of her cloak, "I drank quite a bit of tea."

Andi leaned down and whispered into her mothers ear. "Can you not hold it another min-"

"No, now Andi!" She began pushing Andi down the corridor, off towards the privies with fuming impatience. "I can't stand another minute for you to idly chit-chat."

The girls disappeared toward the privies before Andi could finish her conversation, leaving Ayla and Shibo alone in the corridors. “Don’t take it personally.” Ayla said, trying to lighten the mood. “Margo rarely speaks to anybody in the guild. She shows up, works in the gunsmith and then heads home.” She rarely does anything else. She's just in there all day with Andi. “She doesn’t get along with most of us. I used to talk with her and Andi all the time, but she and Yuka had a… falling out…”

“A falling out?"

With a heartsunk frown, Ayla described their strained relationship. "She and Yuka had a small "disagreement" about something. We don't like to talk about it.” She put it plainly, sparing the details that even she didn't like to recount. Suddenly, the thought of the nearby privies reminded Ayla that she had urgent business to attend to. She had wished to make a deposit at the privy before Lucina had her off hunting down Yuka and now she was growing desperate, the weight of last nights feast was pushing down on her lower tummy. I guess since I'm here, I could use the privies down there. "Do you mind if I make a quick stop before we head up?" Ayla felt her cheeks grow warm. "I, umm, just need to take care of something. It's okay if you want to keep going." Please say yes. "You probably want to get settled in right?" Please say yes. "I can wait if you're eager to get to your new quarters."

Shibo shrugged her shoulders, she didn't seem too bothered. "Sure." She replied.

That was all Ayla wanted to hear. She'd been desperate to go since getting back, but now she was struggling to hold it. "T-Thank you. I've been travelling all night and didn't have a chance to stop." Not to deal with this anyway. "I hadn't even got to unpack my stuff before the Guildmaster had me looking for Yuka." She rushed down the corridor, but as if the lords of fate had spat in her face, tragedy struck, and Ayla could see she wouldn't be using the lavatory the moment she saw a very animated Margo staring up in pain at the door. For herself, Ayla didn't mind; It was just a mild inconvenience. But for Margo, who was shuffling on her feet, pressing her hands between her legs, it was a different story.

"What's wrong with the lavatory?" Ayla asked.

"It's out of order." Andi replies with a disappointed sigh. "Mother should-"

Margo didn't wait to listen to her daughter. Already, the pudgy engineer was storming back off down the hallway, muttering curses in her native tongue. Although Ayla was barely versed in the tongue of Steilheim, she was certain she heard the word "fuck" more than once.

"Mother! W-Wait up!" Andi rushed off after her.

All four girls reunited in the corridors. Margo pacing back and forth, continuing to curse. Her usual pale face was glowing red as she bit her lip, wincing in agony.

"Mother... It's not too bad, is it?" Andi asked with a sorrowful voice.

"I drank a whole pot of tea, what do you think!?"

At least you didn't eat an entire table of food. Ayla commented in her head.

"Would you feel better if we went down to the lake?" Her daughter suggested. "You could tinkle there."

For a girl so reserved, the thought of pissing in a murky lake filled Margo with disgust, and it showed as her face twisted at the thought. But to Ayla, it looked like there was a brief moment of contemplation. "P-Please" She shook her head. “I have some semblance of decency! I’m not that wine-drinking fotze who sullies where she pleases!”

"I can't go down to the lake either." Ayla added. I wish I could. "I, uh, need to use a privy." If she had to piss, she wouldn't have had a doubt of squatting over the water and relieving herself there, but the thought of crimping off a solid length in the lake was a thought too vile for The Bard to comprehend.

Without warning, Margo wandered off again, this time off toward the upper halls of the Fort. “We’ll just have to go up to the halls." She was already far down the corridor, her words traipsing into an echo.

I... I need to go with them. I can't hold it in much longer. With a warm brow, Ayla placed her hand on Shibo's shoulder. "D-Do you m-mind if we g-go with them?" Shibo did not object, and with her permission, both girls caught up with Andi and Margo.

The nearest facilities after the Undercroft were in the dining hall. On the walk, Ayla feared the hall would be packed. Over a hundred Guildhands filling their empty bellies and relieving their full bladders after a hard day on the training yards. The line would be long, longer than she'd be able to wait. She walked slowly, keeping her pace with Margo, who waddled along, wincing with every step. Andi and Shibo continued their conversation, leaving Ayla to her own business. She focused all of her strength on holding herself. She clenched her fists in a desperate need to distract herself from the pain in her belly. Her steps were rough and slow, the hard head of the turtle pushing against her hole with every step.

“Ayla? How are you feeling?” She had been so distracted she didn't even notice Shibo had asked her.

Like I could just go in my knickers. "Ha! I'm fine!" She downplayed her own urges, hiding too that her issues lay with her bowels, not her bladder. "Seeing the lavatory though, made me feel a bit weaker."

“Where are we going, anyway?” Shibo looked around at the girls, waiting for any to answer.

“The dining hall. That’s the nearest lavatory from here.” Andi is the first, and most willing, to answer. She looked down at her mother and placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. “Mother, are you sure you wouldn’t be better just using a beaker in the sm-”

"Don’t say another-” Margo was not keen on the attention, rejecting her mother with a push. “Please just… silence until we get to the lavatory.”

The rest of their walk was in silence, the only sounds were the soft whimpers of Margo as she ferried a full bladder up the stairs and along to the dining halls. Through the empty corridors, the girls finally arrived in the large hall of the fort. And it was just as Ayla had feared. She didn't care for the tables full of fighters ripping away at their meals. Her eyes immediately went toward the lavatory at the rear of the hall. "Look at that line..." She said miserably, raising a finger toward the line of desperate people waiting patiently outside the privies. "We couldn't have come at a worse time."

"What do you want to do, mother?" Andi looked down at her mother, who was bulging beneath her cloak, her short stubby legs shaking. "Should we just go home and you can use our toilet?"

"I don't think I can suffer the long walk home." Margo squeaked. "T-There are facilities in the living quarters, correct? T-Those are closer. We'll just have to use them."

The living quarters!? The very thought of suffering the long walk to the rear of the castle made Ayla falter for a brief moment. In the moment of weakness, she felt her tightly puckered hole unclench, something slimy poking slightly from her opening. The Bard winced and pressed her hands against her hole. "They're all the way in the north wing!"

Suddenly, her hand caught something nestled in her pocket. Ayla remembered. She breathed a sigh of relief. She was saved. She raised her hand meekly and grabbed the attention of all three girls. "I, uh... have an idea. We could u-use the lavatory in the Guildmaster's q-quarters." She reached into her pocket and pulled out a small silver key. "I, uh, have a key."

The girls glared at the silver key in Ayla's hand. "Why on earth do you have a key for the Guildmaster's quarters?" Margo, of the three girls, was the one to ask.

"I got it from Lucina." And forgot to give it back/

"And we're welcome to use her facilities?"

Ayla chuckled nervously. "Not exactly. I, uh, borrowed this key and forgot to give it back."

Both girls stared at the key with devilish temptation. The Guildmaster's quarters was just up one set of stairs. The finest chamber in the whole fort, and she had a key for it. She'd been in there plenty of times, but never had she used the privy. She could only imagine it being a grand room, lavished with the most fragrant flowers and a marble box to sit your arse atop. The thought was too tempting to pass up, but she needed to hear from the other girls first.

Finally, Margo opposed, turning her back on the key. "I can't, and neither can you. We're not getting in trouble for trespassing."

Oooh... I was hoping she'd say yes! The visions of a sweetly-scented marble privy were fading from her mind.

"I have to agree with Margo." Shibo added. "We can't trespass in the Guildmaster's quarters just to use their toilet."

"S-See?" Margo pointed toward Shibo. "At l-least she has some s-sense!"

Andi spoke up too. "I agree with mother and Shibo. Lucina wouldn't appreciate us trespassing in her quarters and using her facilities. No matter how desperate the situation."

"We have some respect for her privacy. I also quite enjoy my work, even if it is in a dark filth-ridden dungeon. I'm not going to damn that for the sake of my comfort." Margo spoke like a cannon fired, hitting Ayla's gut with a growing feeling of guilt with each word she spoke. The tone of her voice growing angrier.

"You said the other lavatories were in the living quarters, right Ayla?" Shibo asked.

"That's all the way in the north tower!" Ayla replied with a whimper. Just thinking about the privy made her hole quiver. "If I don't get to privy soon I'm going to..." Ahh! I can't say it out loud! The Bard shuffled on her feet, turning her eyes away from Shibo. She could feel the warmth as blood rushed to her cheeks. "Might go..." That was the only way she could say it, like an embarrassed little girl.

"You can hold it." Shibo said with an encouraging smile. The apprentice did her best to be supportive.

Uhh... I wanted to go use Lucina's privy so badly. I can't go on my own. "You're right." Ayla returned the apprentice's smile. "It'd be rude to just invite myself into Lucina's quarters and use her privy lavatory." I really need to... "Let's just go."

And then, without warning, horror swept over her; Ayla's eyes widened, her lips trembled. From her quivering hole, a small tuff of wind escaped. Ah! Ayla wanted to scream, it wasn't loud but it was certainly ripe, polluting the air around her. "We need to get going now! Right now! Now! Now! Now!" As if possessed, The Bard grabbed Shibo by the shoulder and vacated the dining hall. Please don't smell it! Please don't smell it! Please don't smell it!

"Did I hear something just now?" Shibo asked with a puzzled look.

Ah! She heard it! "No! Nothing! Nothing at all! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!"

Ayla pushed Shibo out into the corridor. Already she felt another gurgle and her urge to break wind was growing. Her stomach felt bloated, her ring began twitching as she tried to hold in the impending fart. Once she was in the corridor Ayla walked frantically toward an open window in the middle of the corridor. She turns her butt to the window and let loose there, the air lifting her skirt, and let the wind carry her foul air.

Thankfully for The Bard nobody seemed to care that she'd rushed off. Shibo and Andi were distracted by Margo, who had stopped just outside the dining hall. Her face tensed up and the engineer fell onto her knees, still covered by her long cloak. Please no! Ayla pleaded with the gods of fate. Margo looked incapacitated, so full to the brim that she could no longer stand on her own two feet.

The girls chatted out of earshot of Ayla, who was busy dealing with her own problems out of earshot of the girls. She could see Andi and Margo whispering to each other, which was never a good sign. Margo only ever resorted to whispers when it was something rather unpleasant that she didn't wish to share.

"What's the matter?" Ayla called back to her friends. Please hurry!

"Mother is feeling a bit... over-encumbered. She just needs a moment."

Another toot polluted the fresh air, riper than the last. Ayla grimaced, grasping her belly and hobbling up and down. "I d-don't think I have a moment!" The weight of her bowels made it feel like there was a landslide pushing against her puckered ring, about to break free into her knickers. "P-Please hurry!"

Shibo looked up from consoling Margo, her eyes glanced at The Bard as she let loose in the wind for a third time. “Ayla, can you hold it a little longer? Just while Margo has a moment to pull herself together. You should go on ahead if you can't."

"Ah... I-I..." I-I'd love to... There was nothing Ayla wanted more than to rush off, but she couldn't. But a Royal Guildhand must put others before themselves. She remembered the oath she had sworn. If she abandoned Margo and rushed off to selfishly cater to her own needs she wouldn't forgive herself. "No, it's f-fine." Even thinking about it filled her with guilt, the thought of breaking her honour and leaving a helpless girl to an unfortunate accident. "It wouldn't be fair to Margo if I left you all and took care of myself."

"That's very considerate of you, Ayla." Andi smiled. "But please don't make yourself uncomfortable for mother's sake."

The Bard let loose another toot, wetter than the last three, growing the fear that she had just drawn mud in her knickers. "It's n-no problem, Andi. I can wait." I can't wait! Please hurry! She tried to disguise her discomfort with a feigned smile that didn't last long.

It was at that moment, just when things seemed bleak for both desperate girls, that an unlikely thing occurred. "I don't mind carrying you, Margo." Shibo knelt down on one knee and offered herself to Margo.

Everything went silent as Margo and Andi whispered among themselves. Ayla kept her distance, squeezing her thighs and fighting against the forces bearing down on her anus. Her muscles were beginning to feel weak, trembling. She was losing the fight, but she had to hold out. All she could do now was relieve the pressure in her tummy by the open window, concealing the evidence of the vile acts committed by her rear.

The girls whispered among themselves again. And finally, much to Ayla's joy, Margo agreed to the odd proposition. She wrapped her arms around Shibo's shoulders and allowed the new apprentice to carry her. Haa... we can get going! I n-need to hurry, I can feel the troll coming out of the cave!" Right, can we g-get going please?" Feeling her stomach settle briefly, Ayla approached the girls. "We've got the whole fort to walk through."

The walk was agony, worse than she could imagine. Ayla could hardly walk, moving with a stiff, rigid movement. It felt like she was walking with a rod up her backside, every step jostling it loose. To make it worse, she was forced to match the speed of Shibo, who carried Margo with caution and care. Her stomach grumbled, her legs trembled, and it was beginning to look impossible. The wind was the worst part, her gut gurgled and the only resistance was the weakening muscles of her rectum, clenching her ring shut with dwindling strength.

It was the worst for Ayla near the north tower. As the girls walked through the corridors, Ayla felt herself slip, and as she took a rogue step forward, her sphincter unclenched, and the fart she had been holding escaped with a loud, indistinct creak. Her cheeks burned like wildfire as she caught glimpse of two apprentices out on the balcony, enjoying an evening puff of their pipes. The girls behind her looked around, trying to make out the source of the creaking sound; Shibo was the one to ask. "Did I just hear a floorboard creak?"

"Ha... yep! Loose floorboards!" Ayla chuckled. I need to go before they realize floorboards don't leave such a smell.

A few more minutes of agonizing walking. There was only silence between the girls, leaving Ayla with the teasing thoughts in her head. Margo looked no better, pressing herself against Shibo and whimpering every few steps. This is embarrassing... I feel like a little girl being guided to the privy. Everybody we pass keeps looking... The pressure in her gut made her feel bloated again, like she was going to pop. I... really... need to... fart... She needed to get away just for a moment. If she could get somewhere quiet, she could at least relieve herself of some of the air in her tummy. Luckily, the last corridor before the tower was connected to the old balconies overlooking the lake. The balcony! Perfect! She clapped her hands together gleefully. She just needed to slip away for a moment and then relief could be hers.

Ayla stopped just before doorway to the balcony. "Hey, you guys go on ahead without me. I... need a moment."Ayla addressed her friends with a straining voice. She tried to keep her composure, clenching the muscles of her rectum as tightly as her strength would allow her.

"Okay, let's go, Shibo." Margo was accepting of the idea, pressing her thighs against Shibo and spurring her forward like a horse.

"Mother, no! Ayla was kind enough to wait for you. We'll be kind enough to wait for her." Andi addressed Margo sternly with a waggle of her finger. "You're a grown girl, you can hold it in for a moment."

"Are you not aware of my current circums-"

"Do what you have to do, Ayla. But please be quick." Andi ignored her mother and spoke to directly to Ayla. She gestured toward the doorway she was heading toward, ignoring the desperate mutterings of Margo who continued to squirm impatiently on Shibo's shoulders.

They're not even going to ask? Ha... thank the heavens. "Thank you, Andi. I promise I'll be quick." With her friends waiting, Ayla staggered out onto the walkway, almost doubled over as her stomach felt like it was about to pop. She feared a wrong move would be enough to ignite the bubbles brewing in her gut. She was alone out here, nobody would hear the sinful sounds that would come from her backside. Her cheeks were burning; even when she was alone, Ayla felt embarrassed about breaking wind. The sound, the smell, anybody passing could catch a whiff, but right now she had no choice. She was completely alone.

She walked to the very end of the balcony, as far away from the door as she could. Once she was certain nobody would hear the evidence, Ayla turned, aiming her butt towards the lake, and as soon as she heard the wind whistle, let loose a reeking whistle of her own. Oooh... I needed that. The pressure in her gut abated as Ayla let a gust of wind loose in her knickers. "Haa..." She moaned, quivering with glee. That one was skirt-lifting.

Her stomach rumbled and within seconds the need to break wind was already overwhelming. Ayla leant back on the railing and let out a second tuff of wind. She squeaked as the second toot came with more than just a foul smell. Something reared its slimy head again, pushing against her hole. Ah! The troll's almost out of the cave! She couldn't idle any longer. She rushed back into the corridors, keeping her hands behind her back, subtly holding them against her puckered ring. If she didn't get to the privy soon, there'd be a mess to clean up.

"Ha, sorry about that." Ayla re-approached the party, keeping her composure, albeit poorly. Her knees were weak, trembling, about to give in as she felt the urge to just squat down and fill her knickers. "I was just making sure... the city was... okay!" She bumbled, piecing together the first words that came into her head. What a pisspoor excuse, they'll know something was amiss... I can't tell them I just went to fart... it'd be embarrassing.

Thankfully, none of the girls looked interested in asking. Margo was squirming on Shibo's back, each uncomfortable shuffle the small girl made looked to be her last. She buried her head in Shibo's shoulder while Andi tried to comfort her mother, reassuring her that soon they'd be at the privy. Thank the heavens. Rigid and stiff, but with her stomach somewhat settled, Ayla pushed on with the girls, on toward the north tower.

The lavatory in the north tower resided down a short, dimly lit corridor. A lone wooden door marked the entrance and before she even got close, Ayla could sense something was amiss. She could make out the note pinned to the door and she knew it was not a good sign. Dockert... you senile old... Gah! What's happening this time? "No! No! No!" She dashed ahead of the other girls and ripped the note from the door, desperate to read it.

A note to all apprentices: “There’s only one working privy while we fix the waterway beneath the halls. So if you’ve got to squirt out that rancid filth they serve in the mess, you can turn back ‘round and shit there. Don’t worry, we’re not going to have you pissing from the balconies all night. Work’ll be done shortly after dinner. So keep your arseholes puckered 'til then” - Dockert

"Oh thank heavens... I thought we were in trouble."

"What? What does it say?" Just as she finished reading the note was yanked from her hands by Margo, who glanced over it, crumpled it up and threw it on the floor. “A-At least one is still functional… that old custodian is still good for some…” Margo froze, and then without warning, struck the door open with her foot. "Just one more door!"

“Hold on! What do we d-do about the o-one stall?” Andi exclaimed, sounding as worried as both desperate girls. “Both of you need to go?”

Neither girls answer her question. Ayla didn't want to think about how it would be done. She was on the verge of soiling herself, and looking at how frantically Margo struck the door, she was on the verge of wetting herself. Both girls needed to get to the privy and only then could they decide who would get to plop themselves down first.

The familiar sight of the lavatory. At last, Ayla was here. She smiled with glee, just another minute and she'd be seated, knickers around her knees and unloading the burdens of her stomach. She glanced around, seeing the one privy open to her, the small wooden box waiting for her, teasing her. "Ha~" That was the best sight she'd seen all day. "Excuse me!" She walked off toward the alcove that housed the small wooden box. It's coming out!

But just as she reached the door, standing a mere inch away from relief. Something stops her. "N-No!" It was Margo, who had called out in protest. "I need to g-go first! I've been w-waiting long enough!"

"I have too!" I've been waiting longer! I've been waiting a whole day! Ayla wanted to yell, but she was too shy to do it. Even now as she stood with her legs shaking. "P-Please don't make me beg." I d-don't want to soil myself. "I don't want to say what will happen if I don't use the privy." It's almost touching my knickers. Ayla sighed. The sight of Margo, squirming on Shibo's back, gritting her teeth and moaning quietly into the sleeve of her jacket, made Ayla feel guilty. Uuuh... "You're right." Defeated, Ayla stepped aside and offered the privy to Margo. "“You’re right. I shouldn't be selfish. You've been waiting longer than I have.”

Margo looked as if she cracked a smile and she lowered herself from Shibo's back. "Put me down, Shibo." She waddled along, the front of her cloaking bulging as she grasped herself. "I shan't..."

But as Margo waddled desperately toward the privy, the plump brown snake she'd been holding in reared it's moist head from between her cheeks, spreading her hole. It was already descending. Ayla tried to resist, tried to pull back the snake unfurling, but her muscles couldn't cope, weary from the struggle. She couldn't hold it in anymore. She couldn't wait another second, let alone another minute. The inviting sight of the open wooden hole was too much for her quivering anus to bear. She had to go. Right now.

And then, Ayla did something even she wasn't expecting. She booled past Shibo and Margo, hunched over, grasping her stomach and pushed past the old wooden door. SLAM! She pulled the door shut, bolting the lock with her one good hand, the other already fumbling to pull down her knickers. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" Ayla squealed once she had realized her selfishness. "If I don't go right now, I'm going..." A spike of fear halted her tongue. Behind her shaking legs her anus twitched, the weight she could feel was slipping between her cheeks. "Ah! I'm sorry!"

She hooked both hands around her knickers and yanked them down. The log had already pushed itself out, dangling over the dark hole beneath her. "Ah!...ah...ahh!" the wooden box creaked as Ayla plopped herself down. Her stomach cramped for a brief moment, the intensity making the poor bard wince. The moist log spread her hole wider, slithering between her crack like a long, hot snake. "Ahhh~" The soft, sloppy consistency forced the snake to break up into smaller, sloppy lengths that plopped into the depths below. The small box-like privy filled with a muddy squelching that crackled against the hot air, polluted with the stench as she expelled.

The relief was overwhelming. Once the cramps had settled, Ayla felt her stomach lighten as she pushed off a length of the log. With a firm clench of her ring, her anus winced, crimping off the length she had produced. two, smaller sloppier logs followed from her muddied cave, plopping down into the depths beneath her with a small rain of mud. Each release began with a dirty toot that tickled the walls of her rear hole. The feeling, coupled with the relief of unloading made Ayla quiver.

But that wasn't the end of it; Ayla's stomach bubbled and with a small push, a final muddy toot gasped from her backside. "Hmm..." Ayla grinned, feeling the last of the pressure in her gut fade into the dark, polluted hole beneath her.

Her stomach gurgled, and a small bout of pressure filled her lower tummy. One final log needing to be expelled.

"Verdamme Fotze!" The angry foreign curses of Margo ruined the silence Ayla was enjoying. Ayla yelped, her heart began racing, her teeth bit against her lip with guilt. Fearing the door was going to be opened she lifted her knees and pressed her hands against her chest to conceal her maidenly garden.

The shock of Margo's attempts at intruding gave the bard stage fright. The log she was trying to force out retreated like a scared turtle to its shell. Her stomach cramped again; A brief pain in her gut that made Ayla wince once more.

"Just give me one more minute!" She whimpered, the banging wracking her with guilt as Margo slammed harder against the door. No matter how much she strained or shook, trying to push the last of the brown slop from her bowels, it wouldn't come. It was a stubborn one, lingering at the edge of her ring. She could feel the small round budge yearning for release.

The banging echoed. It was haunting. Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang! For a small girl she possessed a hand of solid steel.

Ayla whimpered, the banging wracking her with guilt as Margo slammed harder against the door. Suddenly, the banging stopped. Silence filled the stall. Drip! Drip! Drip! Like a faucet leaking, a piddling sound prattled in the quiet air. A small pale puddle crept along the ground, beneath the small gap in the door. The piddling grew more intense, into a muffled hiss that lasted for several seconds. The puddle growing beneath the door continued to grow, forming a pool that rested near her boots.

Everything went quiet again. Now a strong scent of urine mixed with the foulness of the privy, producing a stink that curdled The Bard's nose. "Eh, is everything okay out there?" Ayla asked. In her gut, she knew exactly what had happened, but she didn't have the heart to acknowledge it.

"Y-Yes!"

"Okay. It's just that..."

"I said everything is fine!" Margo responded venomously.

Before The Bard could say anything else, a powerful strike hit the door, causing her to yelp and lift her feet. Margo's angry...

She squirmed on the seat of the privy, shifting from cheek to cheek. She sat, twiddling her thumbs, waiting for the last length of her mess to slide from her hole. She pushed, her starfish twitching as she tried her hardest to push it out. Pfft! but all she could push out was a puff of foul air. "Hmm..." She grumbled. She reached for the small wooden holder beside the privy, hoping for some paper to wipe with. Empty. She shuffled on the privy, looking beside her, behind her, even above her for something to wipe her backside with, but there was nothing. "Hey Shibo, a-are you still there?" Ayla was given no choice but to ask those her friends waiting outside the door. "I, uh, do any of you have any tissues in your rucksacks? There's none in here."

"I have some, give me a second to find them." Her rucksack shuffled as Shibo rooted around for her tissues. Ayla bent down and took a gander at her knickers, fearing one of her earlier farts had drawn mud. She breathed a sigh of relief as she saw they were still as white as when she'd put them on that morning. There was a tap on the door. "Here you g-go. Should I just open the door?"

"N-No! I'll j-just..." Ayla leant forward, feeling the wet mud on her cheeks squeezing together, and pulled the door open with just enough space to put her hand out. She fiddled around, waiting for the tissues to be placed in her hand. "They smell nice." She sniffed them. Mint, one of her favourites. "Like mint." She sat forward, squeezing the tissue until it crumpled and felt her stomach gurgle. "Umm... I have another favour. Would you minding running a faucet? J-Just for a minute?" The sound of running water always loosened her up. When on the trail and making a stop in the bushes, if she couldn't go, Ayla always listened to the river. The sounds of rushing water always helped to soften up her stomach.

"S-Sure." Shibo sounded confused but she accepted the strange request without question. The faucet creaked and right after the lavatory was filled with the rushing sounds of water.

Ayla leant forward, wrapping both hands around her stomach and closed her eyes. She let the gentle sounds of rushing water wash over her, imagining herself beside a long river. She shuffled again on the privy and finally felt the small log slip from her hole, dropping into the hole with a tiny splat.

The Bard breathed a sigh of relief. Finally, it was over. Much better... I'd been sitting on that all day. She grabbed the tissues she'd gotten from Shibo and wiped away the mess from her backside, using a generous helping of the sheets to clean off the muck. As soon as she felt spotless between the cheeks, Ayla yanked up her panties, and opened the privy door.

Patting her now empty tummy, Ayla stepped out from the stall. Upon walking out, the first step she took was into something wet. "Ah! What did I just step in!?" Horrified, she slowly tilted her head down, looking upon a massive lake that was spreading around the tiled floor. "Please tell me I just stepped in water!" She cringed, her skin feeling prickly as she stared down at the darkened patch on the front of her boot.

"It was," A small smirk began growing on Shibo's face, "a few hours ago."

M-Margo's p-p-pee! "Ah! Ew!" As gracefully as a drunken dancer, Ayla leapt over the puddle, but it only got worse. There was a soggy splatter, and Ayla felt the specks of something warm touch her bare legs. "Ah! I think it splashed on my leg!" She creased up, holding back her need to scream. P-Pee! And I've stood in it! Ew! Ew! Ew! She only made things worse for herself as she began wiping off the specks with her bare hands. Ah! What am I doing!? "Ew! Now it's on my hands!" Her hands felt dirty, sullied, defiled, like she'd wiped them through the puddle. "This is what I get for going first! I'm being punished!"

The sink! The sink! She rushed for the sink and ran her hands under the running faucet. The warmth of the water washed over her hands. It felt like heaven all over again. Shibo watched, letting a sly giggle escape at The Bard's misfortune.

Ayla couldn't believe it. What had started as a night of wanting some rest had turned into a horrible nightmare. She had met a perverted, yet polite apprentice and found herself walking the entire length of the Fort with a length of her own perched between her cheeks. For her, the day couldn't get much worse, but Ayla would take something good away from this. Sometime in the future, she'd look back at this day and remember her first meeting with Shibo Kenshiko: The Guild Apprentice.

*004*2019-02-08 23:11

I planned three stories. But see, I pulled a sneaky on ya. This is a special one I found sitting in the vast wasteland that is my google docs. Originally, I banked pretty heavily on people picking the option that would have Shibo join Muaki in the alley for a sneaky pee (Not the smartest move to plan ahead in an interactive) The choice lost the alternative, which was to hold it in and these paragraphs were left to gather dust. So, I decided to finish it, have some nerd called @Dimwitrolo proofread for me and add to the short stories.

_____

Shibo and Muaki

When Shibo first imagined herself walking through the gates of Guilden, she imagined something out of a knight’s fable. She pictured herself taking graceful strides through the large wooden gates, taking in the sights and scenery of the most renowned city in Eserith. The idea filled her with the same excitement that had urged her to leave her home city for the midlands.

When the time finally came, and she looked upon the city of Guilden, was it everything she had imagined? No. Instead, she staggered through the gates, her legs tight to each other as she waddled forward, trying to not let on that she was just one rogue step away from flooding her leggings. Did she take in the sight of the old stone buildings, the beautiful landscape set against a sunny sky? No, instead, in her desperate state, her mind only cared about finding one thing; A toilet, somewhere she could relieve herself, anywhere.

To make matters worse, Shibo wasn’t alone. To make the matter the worst it could be, her newfound traveling companion, Muaki, was in the shame trouble she was. Both girls found themselves cross-legged in the city’s summer market, among a crowd of people. The only refuge they had for relief was a small privy shack near the market. For a brief moment, Shibo and Muaki thought their struggle was over, both girls could just drop their leggings and pee to their heart's content. Until they saw the line; the massive queue of desperate market-goers that teased the girls.

Shibo could keep her composure for a little while longer. It was Muaki who was the first to break. After bouncing around, crossing her legs, and whimpering, Shibo proposed an idea for them both: brave the yellow storm and head up to Fort Victoria. The walk wouldn’t take too long and both girls would be able to find the privies once they got up there. Muaki, despite looking like she was about to burst, reluctantly agreed and followed Shibo into the narrow streets leading up to the fort.

The streets were eerily empty, the only sounds came from the market that was slowly fading into the distance with each step taken. The girls rushed quickly through the streets, up toward the fort. It was all going well. Both Shibo and Muaki braved the worst of the storms that were raging between their legs, but all that effort would come undone. In a small plaza, the sound of splashing caught the attention of both girls; a nice, stone fountain sat in center of the plaza, gurgling gleefully, water spouting from the center.

“That’s… a nice fountain.” She said with quivering lips. That was it for Muaki, who felt the muscles between her legs grow weak at the sight and sound of the rushing water. She stared blankly at the spraying stream of water like she was purposely punishing herself; the sight conjured the pleasant feelings of making a fountain of her own, the sounds helping her envision the desperate fantasies in her head. Muaki slumped her shoulders, and crossed her legs as tightly as she could. “Forget it! I can’t hold it in any longer!” She undid the straps around her shoulders and dropped the barrel she was carrying onto the floor. She grasped herself between the legs and darted off desperately toward a building.

Shibo could only watch. She knew what Muaki intended to do, but she couldn’t stop herself from asking. “Mui, where are you…?”

“I can’t wait until we reach the fort! I gotta take a leak now~” She bounced around furiously, the bottom of her robe fluttering around as she hopped from foot to foot. “I feel like a shitty little cup that is being overfilled! I wanna feel like one of those nice empty cups that are empty! So screw it! I’ve taken a leak in worse places!” She spotted an alleyway up the road, the perfect place to dip off and take a pee in private. “Gotta pee~ Gotta pee~ Gotta pee~” She rushed into the dimly lit narrow space and tugged at her robes. “Gah! Beaker! Please~ please~ please~” She waved her hands furiously, waiting for Shibo to acknowledge her. “Actually no! I’ll get it! Just… be a look out… for me, please~” Rushing back toward her barrel, Muaki ducked down and tried to rive the door open. “Gah! Pee~ pee~ pee~” She kept uttering the words like a wizard would a spell, hoping that maybe saying them enough would prevent an accident.

Shibo stood guard for her, leaning against the wall and trying her best to not let on that she was close to an accident herself. It wasn’t hard for her, she just had to keep her legs crossed and her mind distracted.

“Oh no… don’t you do this to me!” The hatch for the barrel didn’t budge. “I oiled you and changed your damn lock the other day!” Muaki screeched.

“What’s the matter?” Shibo looked back, curious about what had the Alchemist fuming.

“The hatch won’t open! My bottles are in there!” She pulled at the hatch of the barrel, but the wooden door didn’t bow to her feeble arms. She put all of her strength into riving off the hatch, stopping only when she felt something warm between her legs. “Eep!” Muaki tensed up. “I t-think I leaked. Her cheeks turned red. “Please~” She got on her knees, and wrapped her arms around the barrel, giving it the look of a sad puppy like she was expecting the barrel to feel for her in this trying time. “Don’t do this now! I need just one beaker to go pee in!”

Shibo watched as the barrel didn’t respond. Like it was going to. The Alchemist, not really sure what to expect from her inanimate traveling barrel kicked it in frustration. “Where are you going to go?” Shibo asked, feeling her heart skip a beat as she knew exactly what Muaki was hinting at.

“In that alley up there!” She gestured with a mischievous grin toward the small gap between two buildings.

Shibo felt her heart sink. She gulped. “You can’t go there!”

“Why the heck not?” Muaki protested. “It’s no different from peeing outdoors!” She kicked her barrel in frustration. “You’re not one of those girls who gets shy about doing it outside, are you?” The Alchemist began grinning.

“Well…” Of course she was no stranger to relieving herself outdoors. When journeying alone and the need arose, Shibo was not averse to finding a private patch of grass or a nice rock to wet. That was the first shame to overcome when traveling. But this was different; this wasn’t the outdoors.

“All you have to do is keep watch for me please~” Muaki started kicking the barrel. “Open you stupid piece of tree!”

Shibo found herself enticed watching Muaki; she was shuffling desperately, pigeon-toed as she tussled with the inanimate barrel. I hope you can get it open. She thought to herself. Watching her friend battle with the barrel got Shibo thinking. She stood there with her own legs pressed together, just as desperate as Muaki. She looked up to the paths leading to the fort. Nobody was around, the small stores along the streets were shut for the day. Everybody was down enjoying the festivities in the market. She turned her attention to Fort Victoria looming overhead. “Can I hold it until we get up there.” It still felt like such a long walk.

It was then, that the dirtiest thought entered Shibo’s mind; she found herself looking at the alley with a sinful quivering of her lips. Nobody was around, she was free to use the alley with Muaki. “I can’t” Shibo shook off the thoughts of temptation that polluted her mind. She had to force herself away from the sight of the dirty alley. “I won’t.” She wouldn’t think about it anymore, or so she’d thought. Her lips were quivering, and not only the ones she spoke from. At that moment, as her legs began shaking, Shibo knew she couldn’t hold it in forever. “I can wait.” She encouraged herself, turning her back on the alley as if vanquishing the idea forever.

“Huh? Shibo? Did you say something?” She had been so caught up in her own head that she didn’t realize Muaki standing beside her. Behind her, the door of the barrel was wide open, and the hinges on the floor. The Alchemist had broken into her own barrel and now was stood, legs crossed, clutching two full-length beakers in her little arms.

Shibo wasn’t exactly sure why she’d grabbed two. One looked big enough. “You’re g-going to use a beaker?” Shibo quivered, pointing to the glass beakers.

“Of course I’m using a beaker!” Muaki yelled. “If somebody goes up there or walks past, I don’t want them to know I took a leak there! I can hide the evidence with a beaker~” She put the beaker against her waist with a cheeky smile, pretending she was using it. “Also pretty good for what I’m doing~” She flapped her robes, displaying their length and her meaning. “It’ll look like I’m just admiring the brick~”

It sounded ridiculous, but right now Shibo was too tired, and too full, to say anything. “Fine. I wasn’t judging. Please be quick, will you? For my sake as well as yours.” The streets may have been empty, but that could change. If somebody wandered up here and saw her standing guard for a girl peeing a few feet away in an alley, Shibo would collapse before she could utter a word. “Go!”

“Aye, aye! Keep a good watch for me!” Muaki gave a salute and dashed off into the alley. “Ahh! It’s gonna come out!” She whimpered.

Off Muaki went to take care of her bladder, leaving Shibo. She watched the little Alchemist vanish and sighed wearily. She wanted to do it too, more than anything right now, but she couldn’t. A wave of desperation crashed against her bladder, forcing Shibo to cross her legs. She hopped up on the barrel and crossed her legs, waiting for the pain between her legs to die down. She leant forward wedging a hand between her thighs and biting her lip with a pained gritty expression twisting her face. “I said I wouldn’t.” Her eyes began lingering on the alley again. “I won’t be doing it.”

Her refusal to make use of the alley didn’t well with her bladder. Her muscles, clenched as tightly as she could cross her legs, started quivering. She had been holding it for so long, and she could not wait any longer. Suddenly, Shibo felt something wet. A single warm dribble leaked from her maidenly spout. “Ah!” Terror filled her as a single, hot spurt escaped into her knickers. It wasn’t small, being felt across the front of her knickers. “Ah… I don’t think I can hold it.” She knew this was it, she was at breaking point; the brink of bursting. Shibo clutched as tightly as she could, hissing. The stray leak creeping across the fabric of her knickers told her clearly; She wouldn’t make it to Fort Victoria, she wouldn’t make it to a public privy, she wouldn’t even make it out of the street. She couldn’t hold it in any longer.

It was then that Shibo was forced to reconsider, casting a shameful glare down the alleyway. She could see Muaki fighting with her robes, punching and kicking in between frantic hops of desperation. She sighed. “It’ll be fine… as long as nobody comes past.” She said, looking up and down the street. Nobody was around except for Muaki. “I’ll be quick.” With a whimper, she hopped off the barrel. Her legs were trembling, they felt like jelly. She clenched her fists and raced down the filthy alleyway that awaited her.

She couldn’t lift her gaze from the ground, watching her feet drag along the mucky stone. It was like the weight of shame was holding her down. Shibo couldn’t believe what she was about to do. She grew feverish thinking about it.

“Oh, Shibo! Is something?” Before Muaki could continue, Shibo placed a hand against her mouth, shushing her. She couldn’t look her in the eyes, glancing down at the Alchemist’s stained robes instead. She took the spare beaker from beside Muaki and turned her back on her. “Ah…” Muaki giggled. “Gotta “pour a drink” huh? Don’t let me stop you then~”

The beaker was wide enough to use. Shibo could barely wrap a single hand around it, needing to keep it held with two hands. She glanced nervously back toward the street; still nobody was around. She turned back to face the dirty brick wall in front of her. Their butts were touching, reminding Shibo that she wasn’t alone. She bit her lip and shuffled, struggling to get her shorts undone without pressing her butt against Muaki’s.

“Hehehehe! Shibo you’re tickling my butt!” Muaki giggled. “Are you smooching mine with yours?”

Muaki was too distracting. Shibo stood silently, pulling her shorts and tights down and exposing her maidenly slit for the beaker. She gave herself just enough room to position the beaker and nothing more. The wide rim would enough to avoid making a mess. I’m alone. She told herself. She just had to pretend that she wasn’t rubbing against another girl. She tried to imagine she was out in nature, out in the beautiful wilds. She imagined herself behind a nice big tree, or a bush, all on her lonesome.

With that image in her head, Shibo pushed the rim of the beaker against her maidenhood. It was cold against her bare lips. Behind her Muaki was stood too, knees half bent, hovering a beaker between her thighs. For a moment, it felt like everything fell in unison for both girls. But the alleyway remained awkwardly silent, save for a few pained whimpers.

In the company of each other, neither girl, despite their bulging bladders and dire desire to fill their beaker, could comfortably do the deed.

“H-Hey Shibo… a-are you g-going?” Muaki asked without her usual confidence. “I didn’t think this would be so awkward with somebody else here.” She commented with a pained tongue, her need for relief visible in her voice.

“P-Please don’t say anything.” Shibo finally spoke. “J-Just worry about you… and let me worry about me.” She stared down at the beaker she was holding between her legs. Still dry.

Muaki lifted herself on her tiptoes, her feet almost touching. Bottles and vials rattled softly as she jiggled up and down. “Waterfalls, rainstorms, rushing rivers.” She whispered softly. “What’s that noise people make?” She began jiggling frantically, shaking her white robe around. “Psst, pssssh, psst.” Suddenly silence. “Haa~” It didn’t much encouragement to get her river flowing. The cramped space resonated with an intense hiss, and the shocked moans of a very relieved girl. “Ahh~”

For Shibo, the delighted sounds coming from behind were teasing. She was forced to listen to Muaki filling her beaker while she stood, knees trembling with a dry beaker that she desperately wanted to wet. Thankfully, her teasing was short-lived; the strong spray and hot splashes from beneath Muaki’s robes was all Shibo needed to lose all inhibitions. Her maidenly spout felt hot as a jet of pee splashed into the beaker. “Haa~” Shibo moaned in unison with Muaki. She was finally peeing, and the relief ran through her body, making her feel lightheaded. She rested her head against the wall, glancing down and watching a pale stream of piss pour from between her legs, splashing into the beaker and filling it.

The biggest bout of pleasure was from between her legs. Shibo could feel an overwhelming to bask in her relief and let out a heavy moan. She clamped down on her tongue and shivered. Even so, she couldn’t stop one quiet moan from escaping her lips. It wasn’t the same for Muaki, who moaned like a tavern wench during the witching hour. “Oooh~” The Alchemist moaned. “T-This feels g-great.” She giggled. “I’ve been holding this in all day.” She didn’t sound ashamed of what she was doing. It sounded more like she was enjoying herself. She jiggled against, brushing her butt against Shibo as she spun around, watching stream strike the edge of the beaker.

Both girls stood, hands nestled between their legs like boys holding onto their boyhoods. That was how Shibo imagined they would both look should somebody see; a pair of drunks leaning against a wall, pissing indecently. She wanted to be more composed, but the relief was overwhelming, numbing her body. It was bliss. All Shibo could do was ignore Muaki and focus on herself. The Alchemist continued to moan, the sound of her pee striking the air as she relieved herself of the four cups of juice she drank earlier.

Something small and hairy started scuttling over the Alchemist’s feet. “Hahahaha! Shibo a-are you tickling me again? Ahahaha!” Muaki started giggling. “Shibo...s-stop I’m trying to… hahaha… Wah! Rat!” She shrieked. A small, furry rat was running over her boots, brushing it’s fur against her bare leg. In fear. She froze in fear, the only part of her body she could move was her foot. “Get off me! I’m trying to pee! You little perverted vermin!” Smash! “Ah! You furry little bastard!” The sound of glass smashing made Shibo jump. Thankfully she was spared the spillage. “Aw! It’s everywhere! I think I got it on my knickers!”

“Mui!” Shibo shouted. “K-Keep it down…” She begged. “Somebody might… hear…”

“Gah! What am I gonna use!? I can’t stop!” Muaki cried. Her stream spluttered between her legs, covering the wall in front of her. “Wah! I’m sorry!” She cried to the rat as she doused it with a spray of pee. It scuttered off, wanting to escape the golden rain. “Gah… I’m not finished… I still need to!” Her tongue trembled. “I’ve gotta squat down!”

Looking down at her beaker, Shibo could see it was overflowing. And she showed no signs of stopping. “I-I still need to, as well.” She grumbled, knowing that she had to do the same. She grumbled, cheeks burning.

Both girls, almost in unison, grabbed their leggings and pulled them down further; they squatted over the filthy stone beneath them. The air resonated with a symphony of splatters and shy moans as the girls continued to relieve themselves on the ground.

Shibo cringed as her she felt the rough fabric of Muaki’s robe against her bare butt. She frowned. Brushing butts with another girl in a filthy alley. She shifted on her feet, inching herself forward and until she could no longer feel Muaki behind her. She could feel the warm splatters as her stream were now striking

“S-So much for… hiding the evidence.” Muaki giggled.

Finally, the sounds died down. Shibo was the first to finish, way ahead of Muaki, who was washing the stone still with a strong river flowing between her boots. She remained silent for a moment. The quiet moans and physical exertion had left her weary. Beneath her, the heat of her piss rose against her bare thighs.

Shibo nabbed a tissue from her pocket and wiped between her legs. She pulled her shorts and leggings back up over herself. She stayed crouched for a moment, waiting for her legs to regain some strength. “Ha…” She sighed a final time. She looked down, glaring at the large puddle and speckles that had splattered against the stone. A large dark patch of pee crept along the stone, washing away the dirt with it and forming with the lake Muaki had made.

Her cheeks grew red, her whole body trembled, feeling numb. Shibo couldn’t lift her head, continuing to glare at the lake of hers and Muaki’s making. Two girls made all that, and worst of all she was one of them. Anybody who came past, anybody who saw the lake that defiled this alley, any comments they’d make, be it a compliment or disgust, they’d be about her. Shibo didn’t want to face the world, she wanted to curl up and hide from it all.

Peeing in an alleyway, the fact she had used a beaker as an impromptu commode, all in the company of another girl who was doing it herself. But there was something… nice under the feeling of shame that plagued Shibo. Something that made her tingle between the legs. A crooked smile formed on her face, and a burst of pleasure trembled between her lower lips. There was something invigorating about holding it in to the point of bursting, and finally letting it out. There was a naughtiness to what both girls had done that made Shibo smile sinfully. Peeing in public, baptising the bricks of her new home. “Heaven’s… I can’t be thinking like this.” She shook the lewd thoughts from her head. “I’m just a little flustered… and I haven’t done it in a few days, it’s just my mind being dirty.”

“Ahh~” Muaki moaned a final time. The air fell silent as she finishes, the noises beneath her robe become a dying trickle. “Ahhh~ I feel so much better!” She exclaims. “Hehe… Papa always said if you like something you should pee on it! That’s what dogs do! So i’m gonna take this as a sign!”

“A s-sign?” Shibo’s cheeks were burning, but so was her curiosity. “What kind of sigh could come from something like… this?” She couldn’t lift her head, she didn’t want to look Muaki in the eyes after thinking the thoughts she did. Not to mention what she had just done with Muaki doing the same behind her.

“A sign we’re going to like it here!” Muaki replies with the biggest, cheerful grin on her face. Her smile dies off as she pulls up her knickers and frowns. “Oh… Right…” She sighs. “I didn’t bring anything to wipe…”

Without a word, Shibo patted her rucksack. She reached into it and pulled out a packet of tissues, offering one to the little Alchemist.

“What’s with the silent act, Shibo?” Muaki spoke while fiddling between her legs with the tissue. “You were pretty vocal while you were taking a leak~” She grinned. Once she was finished, she threw the tissue aside, dropping it in the growing lake beside her. “Sometimes you just gotta take a pee, right?” She placed a comforting hand on Shibo’s shoulder. The warm smile made her feel a little better, giving her the encouragement to look Muaki in the eyes. “It’s nothing to be embarrassed about~”

Shibo grumbled in response.

Both girls hopped up onto their feet, fully relieved and ready to move on. Muaki brushed her hair and looked down at the puddle, grinning. “Hehe… we really made a lot, huh?” She commented. The two puddles the girls made almost filled the whole alley, two large puddles with a single streak like a river than ran down toward the street. “Aww, look Shibo, our pee’s merging!” Muaki giggled.

Shibo grumbled again.

“Aww, don’t be such a sop. Ooh, before we get going, I, uh, will need that beaker off you.” Muaki put out her hand.

“Wait… what?” The request took Shibo by surprise. “You can’t take it yet, it’s full of… you want to walk around with a bottle of my… pee?”

“They do say fresh pee makes a great alchemy ingredient~” Muaki replied as a tease. “I’m kidding~ haha, you’re as red as a strawberry. I’ll keep it hidden and then dump it out once I find a proper privy or a drain.” Her hand draws closer to the beaker beside Shibo, close enough to feel the warmth of the contents. “It’ll be fine in the barrel. Unless you prefer to walk around with a beaker of fresh, warm, yellow pee in your hands?”

The Alchemist had a point, and Shibo hated that she was agreeing with her. “I can’t believe I’m agreeing to this…” With a trembling hand, Shibo reached down and handed the beaker to Muaki. She struggled to unhand it at first; she abhorred the idea of somebody else handling her “Private” contents.

“Thank you~” Muaki took the bottle, returning a smile. “Ooh~ It’s so warm~” She grasped it with both hands, as if savouring the heat. “Would you mind going ahead, Shibo?”

“S-Sure.” The moment she stepped forward, she heard a large splash. Shibo turned back and saw the contents of her privy-beaker now dripping from the wall. In the Alchemists hand, an empty beaker with a few stray drops leaking. “W-What d-did…”

“What?” Muaki shook the final drops from the beaker.

Shibo looked in horror as her pee ran down the wall, dripping onto the dirty floor. “You s-said you were going to dump it p-properly.”

“I was just saying that.” Muaki smirked. “I didn’t want you to be all prudish so I lied.” She shrugged her shoulders and giggled. “I don’t think an itsy-bitsy beaker of pee is gonna make much difference.”

Both girls stepped out of the alley back into the narrow streets. The strong smell of fresh pee was washed out by the pleasant aroma of the culinary stalls at the summer market. Muaki took off her robe and threw it into the barrel. “So… I guess we’re not in a rush to get up to Fort Victoria, right?”

Shibo glanced up at the fort on the hill and then back down to the alley. “I guess we’re not.” She was only in a hurry to get up to the fort with the hopes of using a privy, but now that didn’t matter. She was good and relieved, so was Muaki. They had the whole day now.

“Then I know something that will brighten your mood up!” Muaki smiled. “Why don’t we go get a cup of tea from the market?” Her smile grew bigger. “I’m sure I saw a nice Orientian tea stall.”

“Sure.” Shibo smiled.

The Alchemist hoisted up the barrel and started walking toward the market. Shibo followed beside her, eager to enjoy a nice cup of tea after this little ordeal. Both girls walked away from the alley, away from the massive lake they had made that was now creeping into the street.

