Sisters party

Author: tanin

*000*2016-09-05 15:32

Hello, that's my second attempt here. And probably not the last one. If you have any suggestions - please be welcomed to put them here.

P.S. Sorry for such a long story, but I have no idea how to make it shorter...

First of all let's meet our heroes - 2 sisters, Agatha and Anna. Agatha is the older one, 23, is rather tall, dark blond with nice Slavian face and very sporty body. She's very active in crossfit and body building. Her younger sister, Anna is now 20, little bit shorter than Agatha with similar hair colour. There was no doubt, that they're sisters. She just finished first route of her 2nd year college exams. Also she just got a job at the fitness club, so girls have the "party like a lord" day.

They went to the one of most popular student's club in the city. Like sisters used to do they were dressed very similar - white sporty shoes (Agatha Converse ones and Anna classic Adidas) with white t-shirts, with the only difference with the choose of the pants - Agatha had some cherry leggings made from material similar to spandex, while Anna has some dark grey classic jeans.

As the party started they began celebrating with 3 quick Desperados beers. Normally they should be drunk after such amount of alcohol, but not this time. They started to dance for about half an hour, than another beer went to play. After another few dances they both started feeling hungry. That's normal after beers. Because of the popularity of this club there were some food trucks parked just in the entrance to provide food for such party people. After short discussion they chose to try some Chinese-styled one with spicy chicken with rye pasta, which according to internet references should be great one. And it really was, despite the fact that they were not used to spicy cuisine. After meal they went back to the club, just not to miss anything from the party.

Shortly after returning to the party they switched to Kamikaze multicolored shots. Every Kamikaze is set of 4 shot glasses full of drink, so you can get drunk much faster than with other drinks. Shortly after that they both "broke their seals" with toilet, due to increasing desperation. Their party went to the "shot-dance-shot" model, with many, many shots involved. They probably set their personal records, especially that they were not regular drinkers. But when you celebrate, you don't care about the hangover.

Shortly after 1 a.m. they started a discussion about leaving the club.

Agatha (AG): Ok, let's go back, before we'll pass out here. Quick toilet brake and we can leave.

Anna (AN): Nah, there is a 10-minutes line to the loo, and we have 15-minutes to our flat. We can make it. And I'm so drunk that I don't want to stay in the line.

AG: But I'm a little desperate and it's cold outside.

AN: C'mon my big sister, we should go. And you can go somewhere in the bushes close to our flat. But trust me, we'll make it without stops.

AG: Okay, but if I'll pee myself it'll be your fault. And they both laughed.

She didn't know that with this sentence she became a fortune teller for this night.

It was rather cold outside, maybe 10 degrees of Celsius, but due to drinks they both we walking with unzipped jackets. After maybe 3-4 minutes of "sinus curve" walking style the red light stopped them.

AG: I definitely should go to the toilet before we left.

AN: Relax, there is a park in few minutes, you can pee there.

AG: But I'm also not feeling OK with my stomach, it must the spicy food.

AN: Oh, that's a little bit worse, so let's hurry.

But in their state it was not so easy to walk very fast. After another 2-3 minutes they saw a park just on the other side of the street. But there was another red light. And crossing the street on red was not a good idea. It was a night and many drivers did not care about speed limits. Also, there was a lot of police patrolling the city. The light should turn green in something around 1 minute, but this amount of time was like infinity for Agatha. When the light finally switched she made a first step, but she stood next to the waste bin. She wanted just to move forward to the park, but she can't. And then something really strange happened.

Her crotch started rapidly to feel warmer and warmer. Also some strange feeling was quiclky moving down her legs. A little bit of steam went to the air due to low temperature. She just looked down and there was no doubts - she was wetting her leggings.

AN: Why you're not going? C'mon, I also need this park!

AG: I can't... I'm... Oh my God, oh my God...

AN: What? God won't help me now...

AG: I just... just... I did not make it

AN: C'mon, what do you mean?

AG: I totally peed myself. I couldn't stop it. Please don't laugh...

Anna came closer to her sister. She just couldn't believe that her older sister just wet her pants because of alcohol. She looked at her pants, due to night nothing big was visible on her pants, but she was definitely standing in big puddle. When she saw this she started to laugh hysterically. She laughed and laughed

AG: You're horrible! I hate you!

AN: Ha ha, sorry, but just can't stop, really, I'm so sorry, but I can't, wait... Wait...

She looked down and she was terrified. Her grey jeans were simply wet. Maybe it was because of laugh, maybe she was so drunk, but she was standing if her own puddle of pee, exactly like her older sister. Agatha realized that something happened with Anna.

AG: What?! Let's go!

AN: You won't believe me, but my pants are also wet...

AG: What? I must look...

She inspected her sister's jeans. From the crotch to shoes both her legs were soaked.

AG: That's your punishment! Now let's go, otherwise my stomach will explode.

AN: Wait, give me few seconds. I can't believe it. It's so warm and wet. It's... nice. No, I can't believe I said that...

AG: Yes, you said that, let's go! I must reach a toilet in few minutes.

AN: OK, OK

They finally started to continue their walk. But now it was a walk of wetness. They even started joking about this moment, but Agatha suddenly needed to stop for few seconds to avoid another accident.

AN: C'mon, let's go. It's just 2 blocks away.

AG: Yeah, I know that, but I'm so desperate that I'll poop myself if I continue to walk.

AN: Really it's so bad? So just go in your pants...

AG: You said what?! There is no way I'll purposely mess myself!

AN: Yeah, yeah, but your pants are wet, so what's the difference?

AG: Forget it, I'm wearing thongs, I don't want to make my pants totally ruined. OK, I'm ready to go. I'll make it.

AN: Let's go, forget about my idea!

They were just 50 meters from the entrance to their block. Only 50 meters, than 2 floors with the elevator, 20 steps, doors and toilet. It was so short and so long simultaneously. When Anna was entering the code to the doors, Agatha suddenly leaned against the wall. She was losing her battle. When Anna opened the door she urged her to walk in. But when she moved her leg her battle was over.

Suddenly her anus opened and soft, mushy mess started to fill her leggings. It was like warm pudding against her butt and it was slowly going down her legs.

AN: Why you're not going in? You look strange...

AG: I totally lost it. My pants are full of poop. I just shit myself.

AN: Oh, f... Yeah, I can smell it. Damn, let's go and wash ourselves.

AG: Please follow me, I'm afraid that something may drop down from my pants.

When she started to walk Anna had a good view on her sister's totally ruined leggings. Surprisingly nothing was really visible. Only a bulge on her back, which was moving sideways simultaneously with the move of her hips during every step.

When they finally entered their flat they went just to the front of the mirror to inspect their look. Anna's grey jeans were visibly wet. There was no chance to hide her accident. But Agatha's cherry leggings were in a little bit better condition. At least from outside. On her legs there was almost no chance to see the wetness. Maybe after very careful look from close distance. On her back there was a slight dark wet patch, going partially down her right leg. She was mortified.

AG: OK, I need to go first, please help me a little.

AN: Do you plan to save your clothes?

AG: Yes, I'll try to wash them.

When they entered the bathroom, Agatha started to slowly take off her leggings. When she pulled them down to her knees she started removing her accident with paper towels with slight help from Anna, who was holding her pants. Her butt was all brown, probably because of the tightness of her pants. Also her right leg was brown down to her knee. Her light blue cotton thongs were totally wet at the crotch area and totally brown at the back. While she was cleaning herself with toilet paper, Anna started to take off her jeans. Her full-covering white panties with some lace in the front were totally soaked.

AN: You're rather lucky with your thongs, you could have your panties ruined.

AG: Well, honestly, I would not hold it as long with another underwear...

AN: Ha ha ha, so I was right with the idea of letting it go!

AG: Yeah, but only in wet pants. OK, let's wash our clothes and please forget about today's walk of shame. I can't believe I had double accident.

AN: And you caused mine!

AG: You're stupid! You peed yourself because you're drunk!

AH: Yeah, right! OK, let's turn on the washing machine and let's go to sleep.

AG: Yes, let's go!

