Star Wars Female Omorashi - Kantarra Darkdiver’s Ordeal

Author: Batman007

*000*2022-03-05 23:19

Tatooine was once known as a hive of scum and villainy. It was incredibly dry, deadly hot, and a popular dumping ground for broken down ships and other unwanted vehicles or technology. However, Tatooine started becoming quieter since the end of the Galactic Civil War, but the population of the scavengers and bandits still grew. It was surprising that a world with a surface made entirely of sand had as many visitors and natives as it did. Considering the facts that the sun was scorching hot and caused countless scavengers to die of heat stroke, water was so scarce that it had to be extracted from deep under the surface, and that there were large Sinking Fields in which the sand would swallow unwary travellers.

Kantarra Darkdiver was a young and attractive human female. She was incredibly athletic, good with ships and technology. She used these skills to become a scavenger to one day own her own ship and leave Tatooine and explore the galaxy. She would use her speeder to search for any broken down parts of ships which she would spend hours with limited food supplies, sometimes none and no water. Kantarra lived in the outskirts of Tatooine just past Mos Eisley.

Every single day it was the same schedule; find parts, come back home, sometimes go buy something to eat at Mos Eisley, eat dinner, sleep, then wake up and do it all over again. Katarra hated doing it over and over again as it quickly became a bore and tiring, especially getting heat exhaustion while she’s busy scavenging for parts.

Her favourite part of the day used to be dinner because she could finally relax and eat after hours of tedious work which sometimes almost killed her. As time went on dinner started to become tedious like the rest of her routine, she desperately wanted to leave the bland deserts of Tatooine and live on a nicer planet with greenery and where water wasn’t so scarce.

It was not too long, however, until she found a different favorite part of the day. Relieving herself. Every morning at roughly 6:00 am Katarra would awake with her right hand on her crotch and her legs tightly crossed, practically bursting for a pee. Every night at 11:00 before going to sleep she would drink whatever she had of water and not urinate after. Each morning she would lie awake in bed for 15 to 30 minutes, trying to hold back the urge to pee. Occasionally her need to urinate was so intense in the mornings that little spurts of pee would inadvertently leak out of her urethra and leave damp streaks on her bed (Katarra would often sleep completely nude because where she lived was the hottest part of Tatooine and also she loved wetting the bed).

When she decided she could not contain her urge in anymore she would wait until her body would be completely full with her hands still firmly pressed on her urethra. Within seconds a hot jet of golden urine would soak her hands before she could move them away. She would then slowly pull them away as her stream flows onto her mattress and she would silently moan in ecstasy as she felt the best feeling she had ever experienced.

Katarra would usually regularly relieve herself while scavenging, though she always waited as long as she could bare before removing her clothes and soaking the sand. However, not everyday could she freely relieve herself as she worked with the Jawas and caused her to endure more holding because the Jawas didn’t understand the human body. For such a slim girl she could hold a surprising amount of pee for an impressive amount of time, though it did not take long for a noticeable bulge in her abdomen to be visible. If there was a game to see who can hold their pee in for the longest Katarra would definitely win that, one time she had to endure 4 hours of holding while scavenging.

When she would arrive at Mos Eisley or any other outposts she would usually be dying for the bathroom or would be soaked from earlier. Katarra never liked going to the public restrooms because it was always dirty and there was always long lines especially for the ladies room. The men’s room was also kept in the same way, but for some reason the cantina’s bathrooms were always kept neat and clean. However as she grew older she refused to use any bathroom that wasn’t hers. To her it felt wrong for her to go out of her way and use a public restroom, she would much prefer peeing wherever she wanted.

She enjoyed the feeling of peeing in the “wrong” place, and if she ever felt a burning desire to relieve herself at the outpost then she would simply urinate behind one of the many designated living quarters. No one has caught her doing the act every time she went and Katarra hoped it stayed that way.

Katarra hasn’t gone to the toilet since this morning, by the time she got off her speeder and back to her home her bladder was throbbing for release. She then entered her house and started to fight off the urge to pee, she sat down on one of her wooden chairs with my her legs bent straight and crossed over trying to hold back the urge. As time went on she started to feel hungry and a few minutes later she went to check the fridge if there was anything to eat, however there was nothing in sight and the only thing Katarra could do was to race onto her speeder bike and zoom into Mos Eisley to get something to eat.

At the same time her bladder was slowly reaching full capacity and it started to hurt every time she walked. Fortunately, she made it outside with no leaks and just slowly made her way onto her speeder. A slight problem occurred when trying to get on because she couldn’t stop pee dancing so she grabbed her crotch with an iron grip and finally got on in the end.

By the time she arrived at Mos Eisley, her bladder felt like she had a water balloon stuck inside her and made getting off the speeder a complete struggle with allowed her to leak into her panties. I started walking causally into town and ran behind one of the living courtiers to inspect the damage. Katarra starts doing high-knees trying to calm her body down as she starts to undo her belt which quickly falls onto the floor. She sighs with relief. The belt was putting more strain on her poor bladder than she thought. She reaches down into her pants to check her panties for a wet spot and finds a very damp patch, however it is unnoticeable from her pants.

Katarra quickly pulls her pants back up and reties her belt before she uncontrollably pees her self with the warm air blowing onto her.

It was only a matter of time when this started to become unsatisfactory because she fiddled too much trying to tie her belt back on without uses both hands. The young scavenger braces herself, clench her sphincters with all the strength she had and forces her belt back on. In the end, she forces it back on but then a wave of desperation washes over her and almost made her lose all the control she had.

She starts panicking as she starts leaking her panties. She rubs her clit softly and gropes herself as she moans in excitement.

Katarra puts the belt back on with being on a reasonable level of tightness that it stays on. not enough to torture my bladder. I walk out to my speeder and begin the drive for home. As Katarra was walking back to her speeder bike she forgot about doing the shopping, but she didn’t want to shop with this burning desire to pee. The obvious thing to do is to rush to the public restrooms and let go, but Kat hates using public bathroom because they are always smelly and dirty.

She was starting to wonder why she’s getting turned on by this but I think she’ll say it’s her arousal that’s been filling her dirty mind. Kat makes her mind up very fast, she decides to keep holding on as long as she could but she decided to forget about dinner and perhaps get some sort of takeaway. It usually takes our desperate girl about 30 minutes to get back home. Currently, she’s been riding for five minutes and her bladder has expanded once again and it’s digging into her belt. She realises that loosening the belt meant that she’ll have to stop a lot to keep loosening it. So she just remove it, and keep driving.

Her top flutters with the warm breeze in the air, she quickly removes it and rides topless for the remainder of her drive. She later crushes her crotch into the saddle of the speeder as it races across the Dune Sea. By now her thighs begin to cramp with all the water in the galaxy will pour out of her hot throbbing lips if she stopped.

Katarra didn’t mind if her clothes got ruined because she could just wash them, at times like this she was proud of not being poor for the reason that she had access to a washing machine and a bed.

She later makes another stop to take her pants off. She leaves her panties on because that saddle is quite rough on bare skin and plus it’s uncomfortable. She throws her pants with her shirt and belt on the seat next to her and keeps driving.

Katarra’s bladder is already starting to give up as a trickle of pee leaks out of her sphincter, despite her best efforts to keep it in. However, she manages to hold it in by stuffing her right hand into her crotch, between the saddle and her damp panties.

“I hope I can get home mostly dry.” She whisper to herself.

Kat arrives back home and parks the speeder. As she gets off her legs are trembling from the strain of keeping my waters inside her body. She has one hand permanently glued to her lower lips and with the other, she grabs everything, and haul it inside.

Once inside, she drops everything and lays it down on the floor. She rushes to her bathroom quickly taking off her damp panties, essentially running naked to catch her relief.

Her bladder is stretched to its absolute limit to contain the flood within and now her body is slowly giving up as she starts dribbling on the floor as she runs full speed for the toilet. Her dribbles soon becomes a small stream, Katarra quickly tries to regain control. She opens the door to the bathroom and sits on the toilet and now her sphincters decide that the moment to relax completely is now. I squeal as what seems like all the water on Kamino pours out of my lower lips from my tortured bladder.

She cried in joy as her golden stream poured out of her four inch bladder bulge. Katarra stayed most of the time in the bathroom releasing all of her pee out. At least a minute later she was still relieving herself when a naughty idea popped into her head, being a naughty girl she followed it for fun. She held crotch tightly and raced outside to let everything out on the sand. When Katarra opened the door the warm breeze that she experienced earlier left Tatooine and was replaced with the cold night air that brushed on her naked pussy and swirling around her firm breasts.

She slowly let go of her pussy and released what was left in her out. A nice stream flowed out of her. In the distance there was a silhouette of a man watching pee in the sand, by the time Katarra finally saw him she was just about finished.

To Be Continued...

