Lost to the Sea

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2020-12-12 04:59

So this is a bit experimental for me. This series will primarily feature male accidents, with a handful of female scenes here or there. Since I know that most of my subscribers likely enjoy my content for the female scenes specifically, I made sure to finish up a female-only story at the same time, so check that one out if male content isn't your thing:

$/64285-the-rookies/?do=embed"

Otherwise, here's the beginning to this story. Hope you enjoy!

Ayko opened his eyes to utter blackness. He did not know… Well, anything, truly. He was not so much awake as he was just not asleep. With a concerted mental effort, he did his best to take stock of where he was, and how he got there- for he was most certainly not in his bed. He remembered… a boat. He was on a boat, with others. A storm, then a fire, the ship in danger…

And a blow to his gut throwing him into the sea. It all went black after that, but given the exhaustion and pain present in every inch of his body, Ayko knew he wasn’t dead. He must have drifted, who knows how long and who knows how far, until he washed up on some beach. He clenched his fingers, making a fist, and felt the grind of sand against his palm. Definitely a beach.

He gathered his strength, and pushed himself off the ground. It felt as though half the beach had clung to his face and shirt. He felt faint, and took a deep breath, only to collapse into a coughing fit, hacking up a slurry mixture of saltwater and sand. Fighting the urge to slip back into merciful unconsciousness, he shifted his right leg, dug his knee into the sand to support himself. His body itched from having been scraped against the sand for… likely many hours, if he had to guess. The tide that washed him ashore had long since receded, leaving him out to bake in the sun; yet even dry, his clothes still felt unnaturally heavy. He reached into his pocket, and extracted a handful of sand. Grimacing, he figured that his entire outfit had to be filled with the stuff.

There was a particular clump of sand that had worked its way into his underwear that he especially disliked. It was a large clump, resting in the seat of his pants. Reaching a hand back to feel it through his trousers, and see if he could dislodge it, he was confused by its texture. It was firm, but possessed a certain squishiness. Oh. Ooooohhhh… He realized then that it was not sand, or atleast, not just sand that had taken up residence in his underpants. He scowled and sighed, and begrudgingly confronted the fact that he’d soiled himself.

Ayko could not even say for certain when he'd relieved himself. It had perhaps been when something hit him in the stomach, pushing him off the ship. Perhaps the fear of nearly drowning had forced it out of him. It was still soft, so it had likely happened recently, meaning he probably just filled his pants whilst he was unconscious on the beach. He didn’t have to pee all that much, either, so he figured it was probable that he voided his bladder at some point, too, but… there was no stain that he could see, and he elected to believe that what he didn’t see, didn’t happen.

He was not looking forward to the cleanup, but other things took priority- namely seeing to his own safety. Ayko prided himself on his pragmatism, and even the shame and discomfort of having crapped himself couldn’t overwhelm that. With a groan, he finally stood up. He very nearly came crashing back down on his shaking legs, but a stumbling step forward helped him to reorient.

With a quick inspection, Ayko verified that all his body parts were still attached, and nothing inside felt broken. Inspecting the surroundings, he saw beach, jungle, ocean, then more beach. The sun beat down on the place, its light and heat being reflected by the sand. But, at the very least, he was not seriously injured, and there were no predators in sight. That meant he could now attend to his other needs. Once again, he reached a hand back and felt the mess he’d made in his trousers. He looked around for a rock or something to take cover behind when he undressed to wash. He may have been on a deserted island, but his sense of decency barked in his mental ears that he mustn't be visible during the process.

Hiking up his pants a bit, remaining stone-faced at the further unwanted contact this brought between his mess and his skin, he set off. A tall, tan stone stood just a bit further down the shore, towering maybe fifteen feet in the air. It would do nicely, for all he needed out of it. His steps towards it were wobbly and weak, each one threatening to be the last, but Ayko was no slouch. He was very thin, and shorter than most, often giving the impression that he was frail and weak, which couldn’t be further from the truth. Hidden by his clothes and deceptive frame was a lithe and powerful body, more than capable of making the trek.

Once he stood in the shadow of the massive stone, he suddenly realized how dearly he’d longed for the shade. The oppressive heat of the sun had probably baked his already-dark skin until it was charcoal black. Before he began the laborious process of disrobing, he simply stood there, enjoying the relative chill, and wiping the sweat from his forehead. His white hair hung wetly in front of his face, similarly bathed in sweat. Once he’d had his break, he hooked his thumbs into his trousers, and slid them down. He was stuck with only one pair of underwear and one pair of pants, so he really needed to make them count. Using the seawater and sand to wash and scrape away all traces of his accident, his clothes were nearly returned to their former splendor.

What he, to his chagrin, could not wash away was the considerable stain that had formed on the seat of both garments. The back of his baggy, green pants was splotched with a large, round discoloration. It could be convincingly explained away by saying that he’d had nothing but dirt to sit on, but the same stain on his undergarments was untenable. With any luck, he’d be able to ditch them before anyone had a chance to see. For the time being, though, he really needed to cover up his lower body, and he knew from past experience how… unpleasant his chosen trousers could be when worn without underwear. He slid both of the seawater-soaked garments back on, choosing to focus on the welcome chill of the water, rather than what had been in them moments prior.

###

Two hours of walking, two hours of being cooked alive in the sun that just refused to set, and Ayko still saw no trace of a settlement, or of any kind of civilization. The island seemed rather large and resource-rich, so it would make an attractive location for a port. Surely some kingdom would have left him a friendly fishing village to take refuge in. But with every step, he became more certain that it was a waste of time. The sun would set sometime, and he wanted to have a shelter before then. In the meantime, he was relying on the juices of tropical fruits to keep him hydrated. Lucky for him, the food was plentiful enough.

On many of the trees, a peculiar fruit that was blue and green in color dangled. After some very careful testing for edibility, Ayko determined that they were, indeed, safe to eat. Accepting the small blessing, Ayko happily wolfed down several of the fruits, and carried some more along with him for later.

A weapon wouldn’t hurt, either, He thought, as he changed course and made for the dense jungle. Ayko had been trained from his childhood to carry and use several weapons, and he’s grown so accustomed to it that not having a sword at his side or a bow on his back caused him more discomfort than having “““Sand””” in his pants. He frequently found himself clutching at the space where the hilt of his sword normally rested.

In his homeland of Noraith, the beasts were savage and plentiful; so much so that his people only learned of a massive invading army from the west when they found their bones in the wilderness. War-brothers and war-sisters, who defended their lands, were essential to their way of life. “Swords for men; spears for monsters,” were their words, beaten into the hearts and minds of all who carried weapons in defence of Noraith. Despite his youth- being only 19- Ayko was an esteemed war-brother, and a skilled slayer of beasts. He longed to have his spear once again, so it could serve as his ambassador to whatever creatures called the isle home. In the hopes of crafting some sort of replacement, he began searching for a strong but thin branch amongst the enormous trees.

He longed to have his war-sister by his side again, as well. Nyra was as dependable as they came. Strong and fierce, she was a capable fighter by any metric, but Ayko valued her mostly for her ability to speak. She could prattle incessantly about anything, which more than compensated for the fact that Ayko himself rarely spoke, and did not enjoy speaking. conversation with his war-sister came naturally enough to him, but he detested having to practice the art of speech with almost anyone else. If there was one good thing about being trapped on a deserted island, it was that Ayko’s lack of social skill meant nothing.

Fixing his grip upon a sturdy branch, he pulled hard until it snapped free. Although… A thought struck him, Nyra would’ve laughed until nightfall if she saw me soil my drawers. A few test-thrusts of his new soon-to-be-a-spear later, he was hunting for a rock he could use to sharpen it. Suppose it wouldn’t be the first time for either of us, though. The glint of a small, glassy rock a little larger than fist caught his eye. When that scorpius stung her, she was bedridden for days, and spent most of that time shitting herself.

He brought another rock down, smashing open the glassy one, providing him with knife-like slivers. Then the first time I fought a worg… mauled me almost to death before she dragged me away from it. Wet myself then. He found a downed tree to sit upon, and brought the glassy rock’s edge to the branch, carving it into a spear. Of course, Nyra had been poisoned and couldn’t control herself. I got clawed and chewed on so much I was nearly killed. Never gone on myself just because my nap ran too long, before. Sharpening, sharpening, sharpening. Absolutely never soiled myself, before.

He was dwelling on it too much. What happened, happened, and he decided he didn’t need to justify it or shame himself for it. No one had even seen it, which meant it might as well have never happened at all.

###

By nightfall, Ayko had established… something. It was a ramshackle little tent constructed out of leaves and vines, then propped up with a tall stick. He was not very knowledgeable of the flora that surrounded him, being more comfortable in the temperate lands of Noraith, but he made do. The jungle plants had long, wide leaves that made the construction easy enough.

Had he any more energy in his body, he would’ve erected traps around the shelter, but exhaustion was an irresistible enemy- he would collapse whether he was in the tent or not. Once inside his new abode, he fell asleep immediately with spear in hand.

Visions of his misfortune taunted him in his dreams. The storm, the fire, the boat, then almost drowning. It was all there, but even in the dream it was blurry, and missing pieces. There was fire simply because he remembered a fire, thus the dream ignited the ship. There was nothing new to be seen, only a mockery of his cruel fate.

His dreams were interrupted as a sharp sound awoke him. A crunching, of leaves and twigs. Something was approaching. His senses shook off the stupor of sleep quickly, and he was not happy with what he detected. The approaching steps were heavy, big. Even grizzly bears knew to step with more grace than whatever thing was coming. His tent was constructed of sticks and leaves, but it in no way blended in. The thing would most certainly spot his hiding place, and, from the sounds of its movement, smash it to bits. He had no choice but to emerge and face it.

With a guttural and beastial cry he charged out into the night, thrusting his spear forward, though came to an abrupt stop just before striking a young man. He looked to be about Ayko’s age. His skin was pale, and his unkempt, windblown brown hair was just long enough to reach past his ears. He wore a torn, white nobleman’s shirt, a tan vest, and matching tan pants. The man was visibly exhausted, and his eyes were wide with fear. His tan pants bore a large wet splotch right at his groin. The stain only reached partway down his thighs, so at least he’d regained control shortly into his wetting, for whatever that was worth.

“P-please, sir… ” He began in a quivering voice, “Help me.”

Before Ayko could ask what he meant, the thunderous footsteps returned, much closer than before. The young noble froze with dread as the sound drew near, and a loud hissing filled the air. The stain at his groin rapidly expanded, and the darkness spread throughout the fabric of his pants. Steam billowed from his accident, but he hardly seemed to notice. He slowly turned to face towards the approaching enemy, still peeing on himself.

By Ayko’s own reckoning, the noble was hardly possessed of any constitution worth speaking of, but even he was somewhat shaken by the terror this enemy inspired had inspired in the poor young man. He lifted his spear, ready to face this opponent, be it beast or man.

But Ayko was not prepared for the monster that emerged from the jungle growth. It was a mass of purple tentacles, within which was buried the mangled approximation of a man. It stood on discolored legs; two pairs of long, slender arms with clawed fingers flexed with anticipation; just barely visible through the writhing mass of tendrils was an inhuman face with fiery eyes. The young noble whimpered in fear, and even Ayko felt himself shudder as a chill washed over him.

He was afraid. It was not a familiar sensation for him.

In front of him, the noble continued to whimper and shake. A tent appeared suddenly in the seat of his pants, and a brown stain followed. The bulge grew as he continued to fill his underwear. Now beholding the creature for himself, Ayko did not think less of him for his incontinence.

Pushing past him, Ayko readied his spear. Although he seriously doubted the efficacy of a sharpened stick against some unknown terror such as the one in front of him, war-brothers were not known for backing down. “Stay behind me,” he commanded the frightened man. If he even heard the order didn’t matter, as he was paralyzed with fear.

With the speed and savagery of a feral animal, the creature dove for Ayko. With a swift backstep and thrust of his spear, he turned the monster’s attack into his own. Fortunately for him, the thing seemed to feel pain just fine, as it howled at the stab wound. Seizing the opening, he stabbed once again, then jumped back. The monster swung its long, spindly arms in wide arcs, not leaving a space for him to move in. It charged him once more, but this time Ayko was just slightly too slow. He stabbed the thing in the chest again, but its long claws dug into his arm, and now it was his turn to cry out in pain. It grappled onto him with its many arms and tentacles, and began to pull him in.

Once more, the cold chill of fear filled his heart. Following his instincts, he managed to shake one arm free, and used his fingers to gouge the creature’s eyes. It released him with a gurgling noise, giving him time to retrieve his spear. With all the precision he could muster, he rammed the spear between the monster’s now bleeding eyes, and it finally collapsed. Ayko took deep breaths, relieved that the fight was over.

“Is it… dead?” The young noble asked, in his refined-yet-shaking voice.

Ayko answered by prodding the body with his spear. The tentacles still twitched and writhed, but the body was still. “Seems so.”

The noble let out a long breath, then said, “I thank you, sir. I surely would’ve been killed if I hadn’t run into you. My name is James.” He extended his hand out for a shake.

“Ayko,” he replied, hesitantly shaking James’ hand.

“Ayko, I’m afraid I’m going to need to ask for more of your help. I don’t really know the first thing about surviving somewhere like this, and it… well, it certainly seems that you do.”

“You want me to help you escape, correct?”

James smiled, “Indeed! I can reward you, once we get back home!”

Ayko wasn’t extremely interested in whatever reward this fellow could offer him, but he was quite interested in escaping this nightmarish island. “Deal.”

“Oh! Very good!” James was taken by surprise, perhaps more used to people trying to take as much as they could get from him. “I’m a noble from an esteemed house in Korla, so I could get you a prestigious position, or just a sum of gold… ”

As the man prattled on, Ayko largely tuned him out. The gold could help his clan secure armaments, but otherwise nothing he was saying was of interest. What did fully steal his attention was the warmth that resided in the seat of his pants. Once again, his bowels had emptied themselves into his underwear. The soft mess pressed against his butt and filled out the back of his underwear. He wondered if he had lost control of himself during the fight, but no, he was positive he had just gone that very second. Now he needed to clean himself again, and he would rather his new companion not know that.

“James,” He intoned, interrupting the noble, “For the time being, perhaps you should see to your… ahem, pants?”

James looked down at the large wet streaks down his legs, and with one hand cupped the bulge at his rear, “Ah. Perhaps you are right… ” He blushed intensely.

Ayko sighed, and did his best to pretend that he didn’t need to do precisely the same thing, “Go clean yourself, I’ll be here when you’re done.”

“Right!” He turned to leave, but looked back once more, “And once again, thank you, Ayko. I owe you my life, my friend.”

Ayko silently nodded, though he did appreciate the man’s gratitude. Once he was gone, Ayko, too, departed the makeshift camp to clean himself. He did not know why his bowels had voided without warning, and it concerned him quite a bit. But, relative to everything else, this inexplicable incontinence was… tolerable. It certainly was not as bad as being stranded on a dangerous, uncharted island. And, at the very least, he wouldn’t have to make this journey alone, now.

*005*2021-01-14 02:25

{{37 minutes ago, Thudmaster said:

Is an update coming soon?

}}

My keyboard broke down recently, which made it impossible for me to write anything; but I just got a snazzy new one and plan to resume writing things tonight.

Given how slow I am, I can't promise that the update will be out super soon, but at least now I can actually properly work on it.

*007*2021-05-02 18:53

{{14 hours ago, Thudmaster said:

Has there been some progress lately?

}}

Yes, actually. It's not ready for posting, but I have worked on this some more.

Sorry, I know it's been like 3 months without an update. I have to be in the right mood to write male content. Hoping to do some writing over the next few days, so I'll try and finish the next chapter of Lost to the Sea. I know that's quite similar to what I said last time, but the mood just kinda comes and goes.

