Wetting angel

Author: THEO WANDER

*000*2020-10-23 21:27

Our organization heaven was created with one goal in mind, Destroy glildmassai, a political group with goals of world domination. They were 100 hours away from setting there plan into action.

Heaven had been preparing for this mission for years, the goal was simple.

Capture Nakiro Suvoa, one of the main leaders of glildmassai and stop there plans from going into action. Me and three others were the angels sent on this mission. We sat in the plane I was running over the plan in my head over and over again

Airdrop into the forest outside their base

Enter in a supply hover carrier

Head for central

Capture nakiro

If possible steal or delete as much data as possible

Escape

I didn’t like the plan much, it was ungraceful and very risky. I was worried about our landing the most. We are attempting a parashoot landing into enemy airspace, dropping at high altitudes and opening the shoot as low as possible a HALO jump. Me and my comrades were dressed in what’s known as ghost outfits, a multi layered type of body suit to minimize noise and mask movements.

The outside layer is made of a special type of black silk that hangs loosely around the body masking everything but the head

Inside that is a series of straps that connect at the neck, arms, waist, ankles. They all link together to form a harness conforming around our bodies

And under those we are free to wear any gear of our choice, personally I just wore my regular underwear since we would probably be ditching these things before this mission ends.

My thoughts were cut short by “Svetlana, we are approaching the drop zone” spoke one of my comrades.

“Yeah, yeah just don’t piss yourself this time ray” I jokingly responded and ray immediately blushed and tilted her head down. Ray was famous for being a great agent...and wetting herself on almost every mission she’s been on, hell not just missions she once left a sopping wet trail behind her for almost an entire match of laser tag. Her bladder’s weakness and capacity will always astound me. I know we were near the drop zone but the straps on my ankles we’re digging into my skin, I reached down and pulled up the fabric of the ghost outfit, and I undid the plastic Buckles that held them on. My hands slid gently over the red sore skin of my ankles.

I gently began to reattach the straps when an alarm sounded, we were dropping in twenty seconds,

19

I reached for my gear dropping the still lose ankle strap

18

17

16

The third person on this mission, faira was calm, collected and ready to jump. She remained quiet and stared dead ahead. I could tell she was nervous, the edges of her mouth were twitching. Another indication was a trickling sound, she clearly let the floodgates lose as her own urine leaked out from underneath her seat she looked down at her puddle and said “that was unexpected, I had an accident” her tone was completely flat. she reached around and felt her butt “two different accidents” she said

11

10

Ray was taking short breaths while muttering to herself “Ok ok here we go, just a normal mission. I won’t wet myself” the plane rumbled and she made a panicked expression “Its not visible no one can see it, oooh” she looked stressed and was holding her gut “oh no that’s worse ooooh that not that too, its still not visible I just hope they can’t smell my mess” she was talking much louder then she thought, but ray was right I couldn’t see that she had just soiled her panties

7

6

5

I had my parachute on and was ready, only one thing. My ghost outfit’s skirt was billowing free, my stomach started cramping as I felt the impending fall. My guts felt like they were twisting, I began to bend over and get the ankle straps when

.

.

4

.

I felt something slip out...beyond my control a mass of shit slid out into my panties, I jolted out of my seat as it settled at the bottom of my crotch.

.

.

3

.

.

2

.

.

I looked around

Faira was feeling her ass and looking at her puddle

Ray was still mumbling “its so warm and disgusting I can’t believe I didn’t even feel it......”she continued muttering off

I was standing with my skirt free and my panties messy

.

.

.

.

1

The floor snapped out from under us as my skirt billowed upward showing of my pink silk panties, the frills were billowing in the wind as my mess was pushed against my body. I felt my urine leave me as well as the air rushed by. The others were spread eagle and I managed to get a look at their panties

Faira had tight black compression shorts that clearly showed her mess

Ray had white panties with a blue stripe down the middle

We were dropping quickly and it was almost time to deploy the parachutes.

(To be continued)

