She-Ra: Princesses of Powerlessness (Contains Messing)

Author: Splishy

*000*2020-03-01 18:39

Here is my newest story, from something I haven't seen any content for, the new She-Ra show. Also it does contain messing, so warning for that.

Deep in the Whispering Woods the sound of crunching leaves could be heard echoing through the forest, getting lost in the mess of sounds that filled the area, but that didn’t mean it went unnoticed. All the predators and beast of the forest near the noise were immediately attracted to it. No one dared to enter their forest very often, and they didn’t leave alive very often either.

The steps belonged to two young women, Adora and Glimmer. They were not any ordinary travelers either, they both were part of the Rebellion that fought against the corrupt evil of the planet, known as the Horde. However, unknown to the two travelers, they wouldn’t be facing their known advisories on this day.

“Are you sure this is the right way, Adora? It doesn’t seem like we’re going anywhere.” said Glimmer, with a tinge of annoyance in her voice. The woman nervously played with her short pink hair, looking around at the shadowy forest surrounding her.

“Please, Glimmer. I know exactly where we’re going.” The blonde grinned back at Glimmer with confidence. “We’ll be at the Horde base in no time at all.”

Glimmer sighed at her comrades' answer. They had been wandering around the forest for what seemed like hours to no avail. While Adora did know more about Horde locations than anyone one else in the Rebellion, Glimmer was seriously starting to wonder if she was just too prideful to admit she had gotten both of them lost and was just blowing smoke at this point, hoping to accidentally find the right path.

It also didn’t help that Glimmer was fighting a personal issue as well. Unlike her knuckleheaded ally, Glimmer always made sure she was well hydrated and nourished before she went out on combat missions, something she was beginning to regret more and more as she felt her bowels and bladder ask her for relief once more. Usually Glimmer did just fine controlling her waste systems needs and holding them off until she completed her task, but she doesn't usually spend hours before that mission wandering a forest with no direction.

“Adora, if you don’t know where that base is, we need to head back, I really need to shi…”

But before Glimmer could finish her plea, a loud screech filled the women's ears. The pink hair girl jumped in surprise, causing her bladder to spasm, dampening the princesses panties. Glimmer however was too scared to notice her body's failure, her eyes darted around trying to find the source, then she saw it. From behind the trunks of trees she could see eight large glowing eyes looking at her.

“W-what is that!?” Glimmer shrieked, stumbling back away from the beast, as it began to emerge from the trees. Out from the forest came a large beetle like creature, six times taller than the average human. From it’s sharp pincher covered mouth came another loud screech, along with gross green saliva dripping from it’s teeth.

“Don’t worry, I got this.” Shouted Adora, with a air of cockiness, as she drew her sword and her body began to glow. Glimmer watched as her once regular sized ally transformed into an eight foot tall amazonian woman, complete with a very powerful body and flowing long hair. Adroa wasn’t like Glimmer and the other princesses on this planet. She had the power to become the legendary warrior known as She-Ra.

Once completely transformed, She-Ra lunged at the beast with her sword. Glimmer composed herself, relieved her friend acted so quickly, only to be caught off guard as she felt a droplet of hot urine roll down her leg. Glimmer quickly checked the front of her purple spandex unitard for damage but was relieved to find no visible damp spots, meaning her accident was currently contained in her panties.

Still, Glimmer couldn’t help but rub her thighs together and try and calm her bladder, only for her rear to let out a rather loud and embarrassing gassy noise, remaining her her needs were greater than she could really handle. They needed to bail on this mission before it was too late for her, and her pride. She looked over She-Ra and let out a gasp. She was locked in combat with the monster, blocking it’s pinchers from her flesh with her sword, but Glimmer saw another large beetle emerging from the darkness of the forest, heading towards her friend.

“She-Ra, watch out!” Glimmer shouted desperately.

###

She-Ra lunged at the beetle, her sword aimed for its eye, a smirk crept across her face. It kinda was funny to her, that this mere creature thought it could take her on. The beetle however had different plans, and those involved lunch. It swung one its powerful front legs and slapped She-Ra away like a fly, throwing her against the trunk of a tree.

As she collided with the trunk, she let out a high pitched cry before she fell back to the ground, her body feeling a bit sore.

“Hey Glimmer, a little help would be nice!’ Shouted the blonde, but her plea fell on deaf ears as she saw her fellow princess preoccupied with the front of her clothing, much to She-Ra’s dismay.

The monster ran towards her, it’s mouth open, ready to feast. She-Ra quickly rose to her feet and blocked the beetle’s attempt to bite into her, her sword becoming locked between the beasts two razor sharp pitchers, and it tried to crush it’s way through to it’s meal. Luckily for She-Ra, her sword was borderline indestructible. The monster however, wasn't about to give up, as it began to push down on the warrior, trying to force her into its mouth. She-Ra struggled to keep the monster from biting her, she was using all of her strength to keep it at bay, but it wasn’t easy.

The monster pushed the blonde down to one knee as it stared intensely at her with its eight glowing eyes. It’s mouth got closer and closer to her, and She-Ra could help but stare down the terrifying void of it’s throat. She tried to shake the feeling of fear that was beginning to over take her, but as the monster pushed down on her once more, the feeling began to over take her.

The warrior felt hot urine spurting out of her, damping her tight white shorts, leaving them yellow and damp. She-Ra tried to fight it, but her body wouldn’t let her as tears began to well up in her eyes and roll down her cheeks. She couldn’t tell if she was crying due to her imminent defeat or because she was wetting herself like a child startled by a bad dream, or both.

The flow of urine gushed down her legs and around her rear, turning her shorts almost entirely a pale yellow from front to back. The waste puddled around her knee and feet, splashing as it fell and pooled beneath her.

Just as she was about to give up all hope She-Ra heard Glimmer shout at her. Unable to make out what she said she quickly turned her head to see her friend running towards her, charging up a magic blast in her hands. The princess released the blast, shooting it directly into the beetle trying to devour She-Ra.

As the magic blast hit, it tossed the beast off the ground and into the woods. However it's ironclad grip on She-Ra's sword was too strong and it ripped it out of her hands and took it with it. She-Ra let out a sigh of relief as the monster was blasted away from her, her life no longer flashing before her eyes.

Before She-Ra could even thank her friend, she could hear another monster coming from behind her, and quickly turned to face it. She readied her sword to block the creatures pinchers, only to realize her sword was no longer in her hands. Her momentary shock and panic at this revolution gave her no time to try and react differently and the monster pinchers slammed into her sides.

She cried out in pain, more tears streamed down her checks and more urine spurted out of her, rolling down her legs. She tried to pry the creatures pinchers off of her, but she simply was strong enough, or focused enough to do it. The monster her danged her off the ground, her legs kicking back and forth begging to be put down.

“G-G-Glimmer! Help me!” Cried the amazonian, desperately trying to maintain control.

###

Glimmer ran to her friend only to be met with a sight she thought she would never see. Her eyes were immediately transfixed on her friends piss soaked shorts. As She-Ra struggled, terrified in the clutches of the beetle, Glimmer saw more urine expelled from her. Something about watching the most revered and legendary warrior in all of history cry and wet herself filled Glimmer with an indescribable fear.

She wanted to move and help her friend but she couldn’t, she could just feel her body shaking with horror. Her body and mind couldn’t handle it anymore and gave in to her natural needs. Pee blasted out of Glimmer, soaking her panties within seconds, and with only seconds more her unitard. Her front and rear slowly began turning a dark glistening

At first her butt let out a quiet toot, and then it let out another, and then her bowels let go. Out from her pushed a large log of waste, but the tightness of her unitard gave it very little space to go. The log pushed itself between the upper half of her buttocks, as another log started to make its way out. Glimmer tried to control herself but all she could muster was a pathetic sob.

Soon it felt as if Glimmers’ entire rear was covered in her own waste. The rear of her suit was no longer a dark purple, but a muddy one, with a hefty mound in the center, although mostly the mess resided comfortably squished between her large cheeks. The smell wasn't very good either, as it soon made its way into Glimmer's nose, causing her to snap out of her fearful state.

She found her lower half covered in her own waste, feeling her crap slowly being pulled down her but due to the sheer amount she expelled out of her body. The feeling made Glimmer feel sick, disgusting and ashamed. How could she, a princess, possibly lack this much control over herself, but she didn’t have time to process this, as she heard a similar sound that she herself was making moments ago, come from above.

Glimmer watched as She-Ra’s pale yellow shorts quickly turned into a dark brown color as a messy waste forced its way out of the large woman's body and into her tight shorts. While Glimmer watched this, She-Ra seemed none the wiser, completely lost in her terror, as she tried to break free from the beetle, who was just about to crack the amazon with its pinchers.

Her hands starting to glow, Glimmer began to prep her magic. Once again from her hands a magic blast shoots out, this time aiming for the head of the creature, as she knew she didn’t have enough power left to send this one flying. Her shot connected,causing the creature to flail around and open its pinchers, releasing its lunch, dropping the women to the ground. Unfortunately for poor She-Ra she landed on her rear, making an unsavory squishing noise as she did.

Before the creature could recover from her attack, Glimmer ran to her friend, a move she almost immediately regretted as she felt her own crap squish between her thighs and butt. She was able to grab her friend's arm and prepared to use the last of her energy to teleport them out of this forsaken forest, envisioning her home, Night Moon, as her destination. Glimmer closed her eyes, and hopped for the best. The two began to shine a bright pink and disappeared, leaving nothing but their puddles behind.

After a few seconds, Glimmer opened her eyes, and felt a sigh of relief sweep over her. She saw the familiar location of the courtyard of Bright Moon. She tried to stand but she fell to her knees, her last magic act taking up the last of her energy. Unable to stay conscious, Glimmer fell to the ground, blacking out beside her friend.

For a few minutes, the two laid unbothered in the courtyard, but it wasn’t long before two guards making their rounds through the castle were caught off guard by sight, and smell, of the Queen's daughter and her ally. The guards stared awkwardly at the pair, almost too shocked to do anything. The two looked pathetic, their tight clothing filled to the brim with crap, their eyes wet from crying, and the unbearable smell of urine which battled with the smell of crap for which one dominated the air.

One of the guards snickered at the sight as she saw a pool of urine growing underneath the large women's crotch, her bladder still somehow not fully emptied. It seemed to the guard that what the mighty She-Ra didn’t really have endless courage and strength, but an endless and weak bladder. Unwilling to pick either of the two women up, not wanting to create any more work for the laundry lady, the guards simply left the pair to inform the Queen. Unfortunately for the two princesses, these were not the only guards that saw them in that courtyard that day, and most definitely not the last one to know of their failed mission in the Whispering Woods.

*002*2020-03-03 19:10

{{23 hours ago, rfthawne said:

Very nice! Would be interested in reading more if you have more entries planned!

}}

Thank you! I do very much plan to have more stores set in the She-Ra world. It has a copious amount of characters that I plan to do sooner or later. Also the minor change I made to the title is too good to not use again.

{{23 hours ago, DsGSilver said:

Oh, I liked that a lot, and I haven't even seen She-Ra! Very happy to see some new stories featuring fear accidents and messing; I feel like those have gotten quite rare lately.

I'm eager to see what you write next!

}}

I'm glad it's enjoyable without the knowledge of the source material. I was kind of worried about that due to it's niche nature. Pretty much everything I'm planning to write as of right now as I get back into the habit should contain fear and messing content. Everything else is just too vanilla for me I suppose, and not very engaging to write for.

*004*2020-03-06 20:33

{{On 3/3/2020 at 11:39 PM, Linkx said:

There's a small contingent of us who enjoy fear and soiling as well as wetting content! Welcome to the club. That was an enjoyable little read.

}}

I'm glad you like it and thanks! Glad to hear other people like the niche concepts I'm into, that's always motivating.

