HoloMess ~Halftime Happenings~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-10-23 04:52

The last story for generation 2 is released!

I had trouble deciding what scenario I wanted to use for these two, but I ultimately decided this worked out really well.

There seems to be a cliffhanger at the end. Maybe there will be a HoloMess Extra about that in the future.

I hope you enjoy!

I recently started taking commissions on Pixiv. I'm starting here to gauge interest, and if there's enough I'll figure out new ways to sell commissions. Please check it out! I'm open to feedback on it too, so if you think it's too pricey, let me know!

%https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/41854762/request

Pixiv is also where I do polls for which generation will be next in HoloMess, so feel free to vote there!

%https://www.pixiv.net/novel/show.php?id=17606144

Thank you for reading and thank you for your support!

“Woooo! Go get them!” Nakiri Ayame cheered her girlfriend on with ear piercing volume. On the soccer field, Oozora Subaru had slid another ball into the opposite team’s goal, widening the large score gap even farther. As the referee blew the whistle for halftime, the sporty girl made her way back to the origin of the voice.

“Thanks for cheering for me!” Subaru smiled as sweat dripped down her face.

“Of course,” Ayame giggled before kissing her lover on the cheek.

“Don’t do that, I’m sweaty and gross!” Subaru chided. The pair laughed among themselves for a bit when the captain for the other team came up to them with a wide grin on her face.

“Heeey, sorry to but in, but the girls really respect the combo you two got going on, breaking a sweat on the field and in the bleachers! So here, on the house!” She held out two sports drinks to the couple who took them in turn. “Good luck on the second half,” she said as she waved and returned to her team, snickering to herself in secret.

“Huh, that was weird,” Subaru said, but ultimately paid no mind as the pair drank from their beverages, the blistering heat making sure they wasted no time downing it all. “I don’t know what they’re trying to butter us up for, but I’m not gonna hold back on the field.”

“H-hey…” the sweet and usually innocent demon-girl grabbed her lover by the arm, holding it tight to her chest. “Can I be selfish for just a little bit?” Her hands moved down to grab Subaru’s own as she gently rubbed circles on it with her thumbs. “We’ve got time, right? The game doesn’t start back up for thirty minutes…”

“Well, that’s true, but…” Subaru trailed off as she started to succumb to her girlfriend’s gentle touch. “C’mon, I know somewhere we can be alone for a bit.” The sporty girl took Ayame by the hand as they walked away from the field. Unfortunately for them, the other team was very interested in where they were heading.

“Mmmm,” Ayame moaned, leaning deeper into the French kiss she shared with her partner before she felt a hand grab her butt from under her skirt, eliciting a yelp from the girl. “Subaru! We can’t do that on a campus like this!”

“Don’t worry, no one’s gonna come to the storeroom while a game’s still going on,” Subaru whispered as she continued to fondle her girlfriend’s bottom. “Plus, the walls are really thick, so I doubt they’d hear us anyways.” The team captain leaned back into her interrupted kiss, reigniting the moment as they sloppily made out. Still clothed, they pushed and pulled against each other, messing up one another’s hair as they explored their bodies. That is, until they heard a loud click and a knock from the storeroom door.

“Hellooooo,” the opposing captain inquired, despite knowing full well who was already inside.

“Shit,” Subaru said in panic as the duo stayed frozen in time, ready to be caught in the act.

“No need to play dumb, I know what you two are up to,” the captain snickered. “Anyways, I just wanted you to know that the door is locked and who knows where the key went.”

“What?!” The pair ran to the door and tried to pry it open, but ultimately gave up after a few pulls.

“By the way, those sports drinks? They were spiked with a laxative.” A chill ran down the couple’s spines as the malevolent team captain continued. “I thought it was just gonna be enough of a distraction for us to win, but I never imagined it’d turn out like this. It must be Christmas!”

“You bitch!” Subaru kicked the door in rage. “You’re gonna be in deep shit when I get out of here.”

“Haha, no. If anyone’s in deep shit now, it’s you. Literally.” The team captain about-faced, leaving the couple with one last parting message: “Have fun!”

“Damn,” Subaru swore, giving the storeroom door a gentler kick before facing Ayame. “Sorry Ayame, I screwed up real bad.”

“I-it’s okay…” Ayame looked down at the ground, holding her stomach as she felt a cramp course through her. “It’s my fault for being so needy, especially on an important day like this,” she said, tears starting to form in her eyes.

“Hey, don’t be like that,” the tomboy said as she pulled Ayame into a tight hug. The duo stayed like that for a while before the shorter girl took a step back.

“I… kinda have to use the bathroom.”

“Oi, can anyone hear us out there?!” Subaru yelled as she banged her fist against the storeroom door. It had been an hour and a half since they got locked in. Although she could keep time with her watch, both girls had left their phones at the soccer field, something they certainly regretted doing now. Unfortunately, the laxatives wasted no time working their magic on the duo, and although Subaru still had the strength in her to hold it, the same couldn’t be said about Ayame. The short girl held her hands against her crotch and rocked back and forth on the cement floor in her best attempt to hold it in. However, it didn’t take long for her willpower to give out.

“No!” Ayame yelped as she got on her hands and knees. Her sphincter wasted no time pushing semi-solid mush into her solid white panties, instantly staining them into a coffee-colored hue. “No, no, no,” was all the poor girl could manage to say as her body forcibly expelled the contents of her stomach as hot feces crawled both up the front and back of her now ruined underwear. Having finished relieving herself, the only thing Ayame could do was sob to herself, staying on her knees to prevent the mess from spreading any more than it already had.

“Don’t cry. It’s okay.” Subaru ran from the door to embrace her crying girlfriend once more. Her stomach didn’t agree with her sudden movement, however, as a cramp worked its way through the girl’s petite body, tearing down the last of her defenses. “Ah-AAGHH!” the girl wailed, as her anus gave out, and an ungodly, explosive noise emerged from her rear end. Liquid diarrhea ejected from her ass, shooting its way straight through her black panties and soiling her white shorts. More and more watery shit flowed out of her, into her shorts and down her legs before a couple of solid pieces nestled into her panties. What had started as a gentle embrace turned into a vice grip as the sporty girl lost the war with her own body. After several minutes, both girls had fully control over themselves again, but neither had the strength to do anything but cry into each other’s shoulders.

Another hour had passed, and at this point, the girls had started to give up on being found any time soon. Each of them had suffered a couple more bouts of defecation in that time span, and their will to stay clean had gone with it. The pair sat on their butts next to each other, trying to find a comfortable position to sit with poop mashed against their bottoms and trails of urine flowing from their crotches.

“Don’t think about anything bad,” Ayame said as she rested her head against her lover’s shoulder. “I love you.”

“I… love you too.” Subaru nuzzled her head against Ayame’s. As soon the pair had found a semblance of peace, they could hear someone making noise in front of the storeroom door. A few seconds later, it opened, revealing the school nurse, Yuzuki Choco, to them.

“Choco?” The pair inquired.

“O-oh dear,” the nurse said with a stunned expression, too shocked by the scene in front of her to even indulge in her desires. “Come on, let’s get you two cleaned up.”

“Thank you, Choco,” Ayame said, now clean and wearing a set of borrowed gym clothes.

“Same here. I can’t thank you enough.” Subaru said with a bow.

“Well, I am a nurse after all,” Choco said with a laugh. “Plus, after hearing that story, I’d struggle to find someone who wouldn’t feel bad enough to help.”

“We’re gonna head off. Thank you again, and please let us know if there’s anything we can do to repay you!” Ayame bowed as she took her girlfriend by the hand and led her out the door.

“Take care!” The nurse waived them off. As the door closed, a wicked smile appeared on her face. She pulled her phone out and browsed her gallery, scrolling through rather embarrassing photos of the pair’s predicament. “I’ll get them one day with these, but they’ve been through enough for one day.” Choco hummed to herself, overjoyed with how the last week had turned out for her, having witnessed her peers all soil themselves. “Oh, the fun we’ll have together. I hope you girls are as excited as I am.”

*002*2022-10-28 02:02

{{On 10/25/2022 at 5:18 PM, FrenchOmO said:

The nurse is a devil !

Can you make the two girl revenge on the girl soccers leaders ?

}}

Hmmm probably not for this one as they were pretty much made to be a means to an end. I am into revenge stories however, so I'll be keeping the interest in mind for future stories.

