Camping

Author: Noot

*000*2021-10-13 21:59

Another commission for @ed2 (PM me if you'd like anything for yourself!), enjoy!

###

"How about here?" asked Holly. Her shoulder ached from lugging their tent bag around on it from the car park into the campsite, and she was at the point where she'd have happily set the damned thing up on a patch of quicksand if it meant getting the weight off her back.

Renee looked around for a moment and nodded. They were a good twenty feet from the nearest other tent, and Holly could tell that her girlfriend was just as tired of carrying the bags. "This will do," she said, setting down a sack containing all of their supplies.

The campsite they'd booked was a peaceful little spot in the Lake District, a short walk from the water. It had been the cheapest option they could find, and Renee had wanted a few days away from home. From Friday to Monday, they'd have no internet and no electricity. All there was to do was explore the countryside and be with each other. It sounded like Holly's idea of hell. But she liked to do nice things for her partner, so she'd agreed without too much complaining, and they had left early in the morning to drive up from Portsmouth.

In the event, setting up their tent proved easier than Holly had dared to hope. She'd never been camping before, but Renee was experienced, and she guided the couple through the process, giggling like a kid at the suggestive image of the tentpoles poking through each hole in the fabric. Holly was left in charge of unpacking their stuff while Renee hammered pegs into the ground with a comically big mallet, explaining that the whole thing could fly away if they weren't careful. Holly privately felt that a wind strong enough to pick up the whole thing would be miraculous.

When they were done, Renee straightened up and admired their handiwork. "Right," she said, "you settle in, I'm going to look around the campsite quickly".

Holly watched her go, wondering why they were splitting up. Renee had always had a habit of disappearing on her own like this. Holly assumed that her girlfriend just needed some alone time every now and then. Besides, they needed to know where everything was. They'd need a freshwater tap, first of all, to fill up the kettle and stay hydrated. Then there had to be a shower block around her somewhere, so they could at least go to bed somewhat clean.

And they needed to know where the toilets were. This last one most of all, though Holly was loathe to admit it. She'd needed to poo all morning, and was looking forward to emptying her bowels. That would have to wait until Renee was in bed, though. In six months together, neither woman had felt close enough yet to so much as mention pooping, or farts. Both were more than happy to pee in view of the other, but that last barrier hadn't been overcome yet. Holly suspected they were both just intensely private people in that regard, though she was sure that they'd eventually cross that bridge together.

Renee came back about ten minutes later to find Holly pumping up the air mattress they'd bought from home.

"There's not much here," she admitted, "just a lot of other tents, a few taps and an outhouse".

That last word made Holly look up. "Outhouse?"

"A little shed with a toilet inside," Renee explained.

"I know what an outhouse is, I just didn't think we'd have to use one," Holly grumbled. She had no intention of doing her business in one of those. She hated having to look at other people's crap before she sat down. Holly was a woman who was used to the proper facilities.

"Relax," said Renee with a laugh, "we'll probably just piss outside, anyway. It's not like anyone would see".

It's not pissing I'm worried about, Holly thought, but she kept her mouth shut. She finished pumping up their bed for the next three nights and tossed the big sleeping bag brusquely on top. Then she excused herself, just as her girlfriend had done, on the pretence of 'looking around'. She wanted to get a look at this outhouse.

Unfortunately, it was just as bad as she'd expected. While a tiny flicker of hope had remained that this was some kind of ultra-modern, self-cleaning outhouse, what she actually found was a grubby, ancient-looking wooden shack that looked like the door could fall off at any minute. A short queue of other campers had already started forming outside. She didn't get closer- the smell told Holly everything she needed to know. Her fears were confirmed; there was no chance she would be able to bring herself to take a dump in here, no matter how badly she had to go.

For a moment, Holly considered sharing her predicament with Renee. But that thought was quickly chased away by her anxiety. She just didn't feel ready to share something so intimate with her partner, a part of her life that she hadn't talked about to anyone since she was a kid. So the only other option was to try and forget that she had to go.

Holly headed back to the tent, already feeling her belly starting to bloat up. She wondered if there might be some way she could persuade Renee to cut the trip short so she could find the relief she needed.

###

Halfway through their second day at the campsite, Renee was in some serious trouble. She needed to poop, and with every passing hour the urge was getting stronger and more frequent. She did her best to ignore it by encouraging Holly to do all sorts of activities together. They'd rented a kayak and taken it out on the lake, then gone for a nature walk and even gone swimming. In the water, Renee had tried to squeeze her poop out while her bottom half was invisible, but her body didn't seem capable of pushing it painlesly out whilst standing up.

The worst part was that she'd barely needed to go the day before. She'd had her morning dump right before leaving early, and everything had been normal. Then she'd picked up Holly in the car. Renee had long since gotten used to holding in her poop while Holly was around, but they'd never spent a whole weekend away together before. She'd figured that it wouldn't be a problem until they'd realised that the only toilet was a smelly old outhouse. All of Saturday, the twinge in her bowels had come and gone, getting more and more urgent whenever it returned.

But she couldn't bring herself to tell Holly. She'd been the one going on about how freeing and fun camping was, while Holly was reluctant, so there was no way she was suddenly going to admit the big flaw in their plan. And besides, she and Holly simply didn't talk about that kind of stuff. What came out of a girl's butt was her business, Renee reasoned, even if she and Holly had plenty of experience putting stuff in each other's butts. She didn't think a camping weekend was a good time to breach a subject that was clearly sensitive.

By the time evening drew near, Renee had to poop badly enough that she was even willing to brave the outhouse. All of a sudden she was faced with a different problem altogether: she couldn't get away from Holly. They'd been inseparable all weekend, spending almost every minute together, and there was no way Renee could say she was going to the outhouse without Holly knowing that her girlfriend needed a number two. The thought made Renee blush deeply. Instead, she'd looked for an excuse to split up for a few minutes, figuring she could sneak away then, but no such chance came. She felt so full that it was uncomfortable, bordering on painful. At times she would need to actively clench her cheeks together to keep everything in its proper place.

Every time her stomach rumbled, Renee rubbed it with one hand anxiously and hoped her girlfriend hadn't heard. How Holly didn't need to go by now was beyond her. She'd seen enough from mornings after they slept together that Holly usually pooped every morning- at least, that's what Renee had always assumed she was doing on those times where she got out of bed to "freshen up" and came back twenty minutes later in a shy mood.

In a way, it was weird. Renee couldn't put her finger on exactly why the two were so adamantly against sharing anything about that particular bodily need when they were so open with the other. Even when the latest belly cramp hit, the couple were taking a leak together, squatting opposite each other a few feet apart just off a path through a deserted forest.

"What do you want to do now?" asked Holly as her stream hissed into some paper-dry leaves.

Renee thought for a moment, hoping to heaven that her squatting position didn't cause her to lose control and deposit something much stinkier and more solid on the ground. It was getting dark, but Holly would still surely notice if her girlfriend were to suddenly poop on the forest floor. "It's late," she said, "we should head back soon. We could open that wine?" They'd bought a carefully-packaged, albeit cheap, bottle of red and some plastic wine glasses.

Holly agreed with the plan, and soon they were wiping with tissues from a packet she kept in her pocket. Renee came away relieved not to have accidentally pooped, but even more desperate to go than she'd been all day.

The whole walk back was spent searching hungrily for a chance to sneak off and empty her colon. She thought of suggesting a game of hide and seek, as bizarre as it was, where she could pretend to be looking for Holly and use the time to speed run a poop. But there were a few too many holes in the plan: firstly, she didn't have the tissues and couldn't ask Holly for any without being obvious... and second was the risk that Holly might get bored and come looking for her, in which case she would catch her partner of half a year in the middle of pushing a turd out onto the ground. Holly got bored easily. In other circumstances Renee might have found it cute.

In the end, Renee was forced to accept that the opportunity to sneak away for even a few minutes wasn't going to present itself. Her best bet was to enjoy the wine, try and get some sleep and try again in the morning. Once they were a few glasses deep, perhaps she wouldn't feel the need to go quite as badly. At least it was good to have a reason to hope.

###

A few hours later they were stumbling drunkenly into the tent, leaving two camping chairs, two plastic glasses and the dregs of a bottle of wine set up and forgotten outside. Holly tripped on the rim of the tent and fell, crashing onto the air mattress and bringing Renee down with her. She couldn't help laughing, at least until Holly cut her off with a passionate, alcohol-fuelled kiss that went on for a very long time. Suddenly Renee's need to shit was back with a vengeance... but she wouldn't, couldn't let something so small interrupt what was about to happen.

She sat on Holly's waist, one knee on either side. It was one of her favourite moves, but this time Renee found a new advantage- sitting on Holly's pelvis meant there was added pressure on her butt, making it just a little easier to hold her shit in. From there she lifted Holly up until they were almost face-to-face, and yanked her girlfriend's t-shirt up and over her shoulders until it landed in one corner of the tent, discarded. Her face buried itself in Holly's neck, kissing behind the ear while her fingers fumbled to undo the girl's tight bra.

It popped off easily and Holly smirked. "Now you," she ordered, and Renee was all too happy to obey, stripping off her own top half in what felt like a few seconds. The tent was warmer than she'd expected- or maybe that was the wine. She shoved Holly back down flat, shuffled backwards and pulled off the brunette's shorts and panties in one go. It exposed the pussy she'd grown to love for the last six months, one that was still slightly wet from the piss they'd taken together before bed, when she'd told Holly not to bother wiping herself.

Renee's face moved towards Holly's pussy like a moth making a beeline to a lamp. If not for the urge to poop that had kept her so distracted, Renee knew she'd have been thinking about this moment all day. She was so close that she could smell the juices-

And she could smell something else, too, something that caught her off guard. It wasn't a smell she'd ever heard coming from Holly, as far as she could tell, but there was no mistaking it. It was a fart smell. Renee knew her own. Holly's was close, if not quite identical.

But Renee was too horny to let that get in the way of things. She told herself that it was only a surprise because she'd never thought about Holly's farts before. Of course she farts, said the voice in Renee's brain, everyone does. No big deal. Now get back in there and lick her until she screams. That did the trick, aided by the wine. Renee quickly found that she couldn't smell the fart at all when her nose was buried between the lips of Holly's cunt. The taste was almost heavenly enough to make Renee forget she had to shit so badly.

Prrrrrt

That time Renee didn't just smell it. She heard it. There was no doubt at all that Holly had let one rip. Renee came up for air, unable to hide her surprise. She saw Holly lying completely still, not looking her in the eyes, red in the cheeks. Renee pushed herself up and went to lie beside Holly's naked body, so that their heads were close enough to kiss. With her right hand, she reached over and started to rub her girlfriend's clit in the circles that she knew she liked so well. She was determined not to let something like farting ruin this great sex. It was uncharted territory for them, true, but still...

Holly tried to break the silence after a while. "Renee, I-"

But Renee leaned over and silenced her girlfriend with a kiss again. She'd known that eventually the couple would have to get comfortable talking about pooping and farting in front of each other. She just really didn't want tonight to be that night, not when it had started so promisingly. It was impossible not to worry that they'd kill the mood if the conversation got too heavy, or too intimate.

"Don't worry about it," she instructed, "just fuck me".

In truth, while half of her body was screaming out to get done good and hard, the other half was just begging for some distraction from how badly she had to poop. Renee felt like she was on the verge of turtleheading, her weakened sphincter muscles unable to hold out much longer. When Holly reached over and started to slowly slide her smallest finger into Renee's pussy, she was grateful for the diversion. They kissed again, and she knew that Holly was also grateful to be allowed to pretend the farts hadn't happened.

The wine kicked in then. The night started to blur into one moment for Renee. She remembered Holly's whimpers as she came. She remembered being brought to a crashing orgasm herself by Holly's tongue. And she remembered needing to shit so very, very badly.

At some point in that drunken blur, as the orgasms subsided, the two girls fell asleep in each other's arms.

###

Holly woke up with exactly the kind of headache that could only come from a wine hangover. She'd been through it all before, which was why she usually preferred to stick to beer or spirits- that had all changed when she'd met Renee, though, who was a wine woman through and through. Holly blamed the French genes. She turned over to look around the tent, lit up by sunlight that seeped in easily through the thin material that formed the walls they were expecting to protect them from the elements. Renee looked fast asleep beside her, eyes closed, face still.

There was a strong smell in the tent that Holly knew well, and she realised immediately where it was coming from. It wasn't just Holly's head that was feeling the effects of the night before. Her belly, too, was painful and bloated. However desperately she'd had to poop the day before, when she'd tried and failed a dozen times to sneak away from Renee and relieve herself out in the woods... she had to go twice as badly now. She vaguely remembered farting while being eaten out the night before, and her face burned with shame. But there was no time to linger on that now. She could feel her poop starting to poke out down there. Holly knew from experience (from the few times when she'd been desperate enough to touch cloth before, though this time her nakedness gave her no cloth to touch) that when she was at the point of turtleheading, she had no more than a few minutes to get to the bathroom.

As quietly as she could possibly move, Holly slipped out of the sleeping bag and started searching the tent frantically for the clothes she'd had stripped off of her the night before. She found them dotted over the place, unpleasantly cold and wrinkled. There was no time to care what state they were in. Holly pulled them on and snuck out of the tent, hoping desperately that the sound of the zip wouldn't wake her girlfriend. It was no easy task to get out of there undetected, especially when Holly was too bursting for a poo to think straight. Somehow, though, she managed it, and soon she was rushing across the field with the tent behind her. There was nothing else for it. She was going to have to force herself to use the outhouse, no matter how disgusting and unpleasant it would be. The alternative now was shitting herself. The nearest place out of sight of other campers was just too far away for her to stand any chance of making it.

The campsite was shaped like an L, with Holly and Renee's tent on one leg and the outhouse at one end of the other. She rounded the corner, knowing the outhouse would be in sight... and then she saw the queue. There were four people lined up outside, each holding a roll of toilet paper.

Holly didn't know whether what happened next was triggered by the realisation that the queue was too long, or if it was a coincidence that her body finally gave in at that exact moment. All she knew was that she froze in place when she saw the wait and started to shit her pants. For the first time since she'd been a little girl, Holly's asshole stretched out as she stood there, powerless to stop it. A thick piece of poop slid into her underwear more quickly than she could have believed. She focused every bit of mental and physical energy she could summon into trying to clench her bum closed again, but the hangover had made her weak, not to mention days of holding.

Within seconds the first log had broken off into her knickers, hot and huge, undoubtedly leaving a bulge that anyone walking past would see. She wasn't done yet, though; another piece rushed to follow, this one looser and longer. Suddenly her underwear was too full- the mess was going to tumble out of the sides and down her leg. Holly grabbed her ass with both hands to stop that happening and her face burned even hotter. If it wasn't already obvious that she was soiling herself like a child, it would be now.

As soon as she finally felt empty, bitter that humiliation had stopped her from being able to enjoy the relief, Holly waddled away into the trees, cutting between two tents. A kid had poked his head out from one of them and was watching, slack-jawed. In the cover of the forest, when she was deep enough that she couldn't be seen, Holly dropped her shorts to the floor. She used the key in her pocket to saw off her shitty underwear and left it on the floor. It fell heavily, weighed down by the sheer size of the poop.

Now that she'd gotten away with it without Renee noticing, Holly did feel a lot better. She wasn't in pain anymore, at least. A quick squat beside the poop gave her a chance to empty her bladder, which she hadn't even realised had filled up overnight. She would simply sneak back to the tent, and if her girlfriend asked, say she went out to take a leak.

Nobody had to find out that she'd had an accident. Well, except for the dozens who'd seen it, that was.

###

Renee was woken up by the sound of a tent zipper hissing. She opened her eyes and propped herself up, a little chilly in the morning air. Something felt weird, but she couldn't tell what. The tent was empty other than for herself. Holly must have already gotten up and gone out to take a piss, or something. That was a shame. If Renee had woken a little earlier they could have gone together.

Almost right away, the overwhelming smell of poop hit Renee's nostrils. She recoiled the first time she breathed it in, then forced herself to sniff the air again to make sure she hadn't exaggerated it. It had to have been the worst-smelling fart Renee had ever encountered, though she had no idea if it had come from her or her girlfriend.

She pulled the top of the sleeping bag off of her naked body, and suddenly realised why the fart smelt so strong: it wasn't a fart at all. On the bed- on her side of the bed- was a huge, thick piece of shit, almost a foot long, and firm too. Then it hit Renee why she'd felt weird when she woke up. She didn't need to poop anymore. She had shit the bed in her sleep and, by some miracle, had done it while facing away from Holly, so that it fell on the side of the sleeping bag that her girlfriend couldn't see.

Panic rose in Renee's throat. She squirmed out from under the covers, careful not to touch the poop. She'd held it so long that the turd, as monstrous as it was, had come out solid and dry. That was a slice of luck, because it meant it hadn't left a mark... yet. But Holly could be back any second now if she was only going for a quick squirt. Renee needed to do something fast.

She fumbled around the floor by where Holly's clothes and been and almost sighed in relief when her hands closed around the half-empty pack of tissues her girlfriend had been carrying around all weekend. Renee yanked a few of them out of the packet, enough to form a sort of tissue glove. A plan formed instantly. It was gross, but it was all she could think of, especially if she was working against the clock. Once again she found herself feeling grateful that it was a solid poop. Anything looser would surely have wrecked the bed and made hiding her accident impossible.

Just in time, she stopped herself. She needed to think this over before she made a mistake that would give her away. Renee grabbed a few extra squares of paper, scrunched them up into a ball and used them to clean off her asshole as best as she could with some frantic swipes back there. Luckily there was barely a mark on the paper. Next she pulled on a t-shirt and pair of shorts. Commando would have to do, and there was no time to worry about a bra. If Holly asked she would just call it a feminist choice.

Using the paper, Renee picked up the poop, squirming from the feeling of warmth that spread through two layers of tissue. It wasn't easy to pick up something so big all in one go, but she just about managed to lift the whole turd. With her spare hand, Renee unzipped the tent again, just enough that she could squeeze outside. The air out there was crisp, and it was a relief to be somewhere that didn't smell badly of her earthy shit.

Renee straightened up and her heart stopped. Across the field she saw the one person she'd hoped not to come face-to-face with for at least a couple more minutes. Holly was walking towards the tent, giving her girlfriend a smile and a wave. Instinctively the hand holding the poop went and hid behind her back. She drew in breath. How was she supposed to explain to Holly why she was holding a poo wrapped in toilet paper? This was trouble. For the second time that morning, Renee started to panic, her chest tightening in seconds. She would be caught.

The idea that popped into her head at the last minute was a terrible one, but it was all she had. As Holly came within fifteen feet, Renee pointed up at a random cloud in the sky and shouted, "Look!"

She couldn't believe it worked. Holly spun around and stood there, shielding her eyes from the sun and trying to see what her girlfriend was looking at. Renee had to act fast. She turned to the side and, underarm, flung the poop as far as she could manage. It arched into the air and flew out of sight, landing beneath a nearby tree.

Relief- real relief- flooded Renee then. She rushed up behind Holly and gave her a hug and a kiss on the cheek. "That cloud," she lied, "it looks like a dog".

Holly frowned. "What kind of freaky dog did you have as a kid?" she asked.

Renee just laughed. She squeezed Holly a little tighter and told her to forget about it. "Where'd you go?" she asked.

"Just needed a piss," said Holly, and Renee realised something then that she hadn't noticed in all the panic.

"I do, too," she said, "pretty bad. Come with me?"

As ever, Holly was all too happy to keep her girlfriend company as she wondered off into the woods to pee, careful not to walk near the evidence of her accident. Renee thought to herself that they really should start being more open with each other about needing to poop. Maybe she'd bring it up soon. But perhaps not today.

