Asuna's Messy Situation

Author: ZephyrBoreas

*000*2022-08-30 07:32

This is a fic I rewrote a little while ago. I have it posted on AO3 as well.

Summary:

After a well-fought battle against the Floor 56 boss. Many players decided to take some time to relax before the next fight. Of course, things don't go as nicely for a certain white-clad rapier wielder.

The sun dazzled brightly above the skies of Floor 56. The floor boss had been cleared mere moments ago and a small collection of players had decided to separate from the main boss raiding group to enjoy some downtime. Nearly all the players had opted to enjoy the beautiful weather in one form or another. Some had picnics, others basked in the sun.

One player, however, was spending some time alone to clear their head.

Better known to the wider player base as The Flash due to her impressive rapier skills, Asuna Yuki was taking a stroll past a field with several players who were having a picnic. She stopped for a moment and felt her stomach growl in longing as she watched them eat. It was apparent that she hadn’t taken the time to eat or drink since the last boss fight. She shook her head to bring her back to her senses. She walked a little further on before stopping and looking towards the large tree. Thinking that this would be a good spot to relax, she walked over to the base of the tree. She pats herself down before taking a seat. She motioned her fingers downward in a lazy but practised motion, which brought up her menu. She deftly navigated through to her inventory and spawned a few bottles of water and a modest serving of Curry Udon from her inventory.

She looked at her meal and played with it for a few minutes. Due to the high level of her cooking skill, she could tell that the food was edible but just poorly made. She sighed at the mediocre meal. But she did not complain, this was penance for not being better prepared. Normally, she would have been far better prepared than she was but she had been a little pressed for time on this occasion and therefore opted to purchase the food at short notice. She blessed her meal and began eating it, taking brief moments to take several hearty gulps of water to stave off dehydration from the heat and help soften the spice from the curry.

After a half hour of arduous consumption, she had managed to finish the multiple bottles of water and the Curry Udon. She took a moment to clear up the debris from her meal before resting her back against the tree. She closed her eyes and took a soft breath. The constant planning, and fighting over and over again did take its toll and she coveted every chance to relax that they got. After a while of just relaxing there, she felt her conciseness fade as she fell into slumber.

Several hours later.

Asuna awoke with a start. Her hands and arms raced to clutch her stomach as it emitted a rather worrying groan. She winced a little as she stood up, still coming to her senses. The moment she stood up straight, coherence decided to sucker-punch her. Her bladder was aching, her stomach was making noises only heard by the game’s monsters and her bowels were straining under the hefty load that had built up rather alarmingly in the few hours she had been sleeping. She tense up and squeezed her thighs together, squirming and writhing as her body was rebelling against her.

The situation was dire. She immediately knew what had caused this. All the water and that subpar meal earlier. The meal was improperly prepared and now she was paying the price for it. She took several deep breaths to try and calm herself. She knew there was an outhouse somewhat close to her location. She remembered it while planning for this floor’s boss. Taking a few more steadying breaths, she started to awkwardly shuffle towards the town. As she moved her stomach resonated with ungodly sounds of groans and gurgles.

Asuna clenched her stomach tighter as she forced herself to take bigger steps while still fighting to hold back the impending tsunami inside her body. A particularly nasty wave of stomach pain hit her making her stumble slightly. She braced herself against the wall of a destroyed home to steady herself but that didn’t stop the rather boisterous sound of long dry flatulence that followed. She felt her cheeks ripple quite harshly as she whimpered softly. The dam was starting to crack. She tentatively started to move on, using the ruins of the various homes to support her. It was a few minutes before another strong wave hit her, causing her knees to buckle slightly as she squirmed. Her body forced out several quick bursts of gas in succession before passing. She straightened herself up slightly causing her to pass a long airy fart. She knew that she couldn’t stop them from coming, so she positioned her hand between her clothes cheeks and pressed two fingers to her entrance.

She then started to move again. Each step caused her to let out small toots of gas. Another minute later, her stomach fiercely bellowed. She stopped and keeled over in agony. The next moment, a rather short but wet fart escaped causing her to bolt upright. The sudden movement caused her to leak a little while at the same time letting out another quick, wet blast of gas. She looked up and kept moving, hoping her salvation would come soon. She turned a corner and found her saving grace, at least that was what she thought at first. She stared in abject horror as she felt tears welling in her eyes. The outhouse was like all the buildings she had passed. In ruins. Her stomach now started to constantly and loudly gurgle and groan. The gas escaped her body thick and fast, in varying levels of force, pitch and consistency. She could even feel her panties dampening more and more as she kept spurting and leaking.

She refused to let herself have an accident like a child. However… it was too little too late as her stomach, finally, at its breaking point make an almighty groan making her knees buckle and making her keel over. In the next moment, she let out a choked grunt and a loud hissing could be heard followed by a loud splattering as she forcefully emptied her bowels and bladder. She whimpered and whined as The hissing and sounds of groaning and gurgling persisted and more splatters and crackles could be heard.

She felt her panties bulging more and more at the back until they couldn’t contain the sheer magnitude of faeces and started leaking out of her panties and hitting the floor with a resounding splat. It was at least five minutes before all the sounds tapered off. She panted heavily and wept softly as the residual heat of her body waste permeated the air around her. After a while, she weakly opened her menu and sent a message to someone before closing the menu, closing her eyes and leaning her head against the nearest ruined house. Waiting for her knight in black.

