Alice in Minecraft

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-06-20 23:18

Quick explanation of things Alice won't find in Minecraft: Redstone because it's part of her abilities to activate objects that would normally require redstone, Crafting cube, furnace. she can manipulate objects at will to either burn them down to different objects or craft something together, inventory, this story uses voids, which are essentially banishing and calling up objects at a limit. She will also have minor telekinesis, flight, a magical pickaxe that never runs out and breaks down objects without touching them, and an accelerated healing factor. Blocks in the game are three feet tall, Alice is five foot seven. Armor and weapons form to realistic measurements and images within her grasps.

Alice woke up in a complete daze, her eyes fluttered open as she laid sprawled out in a strange world. She pushed herself to her feet and surveyed her surroundings. Her curvaceous body sharply contrasted the cartoony, blocky world. Nothing seemed to be anything short of perfect cubes or completely eight-bit in design. She was alone in the clearing, dressed in dark blue skinny jeans. red flats, a light blue t-shirt that hugged her shapely chest and a black bra and thong.

She felt herself begin to panic, despite recognizing the world as the game mInecraft her older brother played. However rather than the blocky people you played as in the game, she was still exactly herself. Blonde hair that fell to her upper back with a red streak going down the side, green almond shaped eyes, long toned legs and slender waist line. She was completely alien to this world. She sighed as she felt herself begin to panic when out of nowhere another human appeared.

"No time to talk, can't be here much longer, Can only bestow knowledge. Catch." His voice seemed almost automated as his image fizzled before her tossed a perfectly carved pick-axe which seemed to have been made from some sort of green tinged diamond. The moment Alice wrapped her hand around the polished wood handle she felt a overwhelming wave of energy surge over her. She fell to her knees and temporarily blacked out. When she regained consciousness the man was gone.

She struggled to her tingling feet and turned to face a small mountain near her clearing. She felt herself hurtle through the air and stop just short of the grey base. She pointed her pickaxe till it was a few inches from the stone and suddenly it exploded into tiny pebbles and one small floating block of cobblestone was before her. She focused and soon it flickered out of sight. She repeated the process till she considered herself wealthy in the grey stone. She then turned back to the clearing and flew into the center. Next she pulled out the cobblestone, now stacked into a single block. She began setting the pieces in place until she formed a four block high house with a single opening for the door.

She then left her house in search of wood as the sun neared the edge of the bizarre world. She found a tree and pointed her pickaxe at it and it crumbled into usable wood. She quickly focused more power onto it, till it warped into a small floating door above her palm. She sent it to the void and rushed back to her house as the sky turned indigo and the sun dipped beneath the horizon. She set up her door and decided to go in search of sand to form glass for her empty roof. She quickly found herself hurtling to the sky and then to the ground as she landed amongst the beach, tired from the flight. She began to mine the yellow sand when she heard an unpleasant moaning sound.

She turned around to find a green blocky creature wearing clothes stumble towards her. "what in the world?" She neared it with caution. Suddenly the creature slammed its fist into her lower abdomen. Alice leaped back in pain, for the first time noticing the pain in her bladder. She quickly turned around to fly away and began to hurtle through the sky until she felt herself grow exhausted just twenty yards from her house and she plummeted to the ground, just managing to hover and break her fall. She sighed and rose to her feet when she noticed a nine foot tall black creature with purple glowing eyes.

She began to back away, but it teleported her and knocked her in the back several times. She crumpled to the ground and her bladder burst. Urine poured from her urethra. In moments she was thoroughly saturated by hot urine when she looked at the dark figure who loomed above her, ready to attack.

I decided this won't be continued as a story. If you want to make this into a roleplay with me I'm up for it, but I have too many other stories to manage. So comment if you're up for a roleplay, I'll accept up to three people and then I'll recreate the story in the roleplaying realm. Please and thank you.

*002*2012-06-22 20:40

{{: 

Reaction to title at the begining: Dafuq

Reaction to story after reading it: Hmmm pretty good...Dafuq o.O

}}

Thanks for the comment, I thought it was my worst work though, but it is definitely odd!

*005*2012-06-22 23:33

{{: 

Quite a bit of build up and then she just peed all of a sudden. Felt the ending quite rushed

}}

The ending was actually rushed, at that point I decided that I didn't like the story and just wanted to post it after all the writing I did, so I closed it up and offered a partnership so that the story could at least survive if anyone was interested in it.

{{: 

I would have LOVED to see this continued as a story... Not too big on roleplay :( I sowwy

}}

I'm sorry:( I just wasn't that big of a fan of my own story, and its fine:)

*007*2012-08-17 01:50

{{: 

I do wish more went into the ending but I applaud you for the creativity, definitely unique.

}}

Thanks, I got bored of the story from practically the first sentence though:/

*009*2012-08-18 00:52

{{: 

It doesn't really help making a story if you're not inspired. I thought the minecraft theme was brilliant. Some one could have done so much more with this.

}}

That's true, if someone did this right and had the desire to right this I'd love to see it continued.

