Monstrous Mugging - Warning Messing

Author: Sashabear

*000*2022-01-03 16:45

Quick Disclaimer: This is my first story submission, written with help from my partner whom wishes to remain anonymous, I hope it can bring others some enjoyment.

(Heavily inspired by other great stories on this site)

There is both accidental, intentional and fear induced wetting and messing. Some of the tags didn't show up.

(Please be warned, there is also a literal monster that acts violently and kills some thugs)

I apologise for the lack of named characters other than Suyin, I hope it remains clear whom is talking or doing an action via the descriptors and stand in titles.

Monstrous Mugging

Suyin is a kind woman with nice features and a good head on her shoulders, Suyin is primarily an artist in her spare time, however she is a paid journalist/blogger/critic for work.

Suyin's current job is to do a large piece on the clubbing scene in Knota city. Culminating in an extensive, 'the top 10 clubs in Knota City' article.

Along with a compilation of smaller articles like:

'best clubbing outfits'

'best clubbing songs of 20XX'

And multiple 'top 5 drinks at...' for each establishment

In order to complete this review cycle, Suyin had to attend events held at clubs in Knota city. Suyin was given a press pass to enter clubs all over the city for three weeks, along with a sizable drinks and clothing budget.

Night 1: Her first night clubbing was a success in her mind, Suyin had a lot of fun being paid to dress up and drink to excess, though she regretted one too many margaritas as it resulted in forgetting to pull her new jeans down when she got home and went to pee. Her jeans were soaked along the backside and if Suyin had lived with anyone, she would have likely been more embarrassed upon awakening to having wet her bed still in her previously piss stained jeans.

Thinking it to be a onetime occurrence after being overexcited for her current job role Suyin simply blushed to herself and did a load of washing. Spending the rest of her day nursing a hangover, typing up the information from her notes and resting for the night she would have ahead of her.

Night 2: Suyin dressed in a much more revealing outfit on night two, but was much more cautious about over drinking and opted to buy drinks for others in order to hear their feedback, this greatly reduced her drunken stupor and her bathroom trips.

Suyin did feel better about her slightly more revealing outfit of the night once she saw a group of bridesmaids wearing diapers for a bachelorette party. Suyin was quickly dragged into the bachelorette group when she offered to buy a round for the party so long as they told her how the drinks tasted. Suyin noted that at least two of the bridesmaids needed a change after a second round, the yellowed padding of their crotches going unnoticed by other club goers. Suyin had a keen eye as her journalism required attention to detail.

Suyin was later told that the bride-to-be herself was apparently and she quoted her “scared shitless to be getting married in two days.” That was when the most entertaining moment of the second night occurred as the maid of honour shouted, “Prove it!”

The bride-to-be having had a few too many drinks and apparently lacking her inhibitions at this late stage of the night she simply scrunched up her face as the seat of her diaper changed to a brown tint and a slight stink could be detected through all the other smells of the club. “That’s how scared I am!” the bride-to-be shouted at the maid of honour who was now laughing hysterically causing the crotch of her own diaper to yellow.

Suyin was given some phone numbers to hang out with those ladies again sometime before she left. The rest of her night was uneventful, and she left early having had a large amount of writing to do the next day.

Managing to get much of her writing done and avoiding a hangover for the most part, Suyin went out for a filling late lunch.

Night 3: Suyin is currently on night three of her research.

After drinking and getting others to help her get good notes for her top 5 drinks at 'Blue-Bell' and taking the required notes of her third clubbing experience of night three, Suyin was ready to call it quits for the night and was moving away from the dance floor. However, Suyin had a pressing issue to attend first, she was desperate to pee and the line to the toilets was long enough to require an alternative solution. Suyin mentally noted to add those kinds of detail to her article later.

Being pushed by others dancing as she walked away from the line then nearly slipping in what was likely some other poor girls’ puddle, did nothing to help her bladder and even reminded her that after a decent amount of time and many drinks dampening her inhibitions, her lunch was also threatening to escape one way or another. Even wearing black tight-fitting pants, she had no desire to piss herself on a club dance floor.

Suyin opted to go outside planning to squat against a wall. Stumbling out the door of ‘Blue-Bell’ towards a nearby long alleyway. Being a quiet city at 3-am, Suyin checked over her shoulder and clutched her purse along with her crotch. Suyin noted a large bin that she could squat behind for a bit of privacy.

"Gotta remember to pull the pants down this time, too many drinks can make you forgetful sometimes Suyin." She thought to herself recalling the incident two days prior after too many margaritas. The thought of her piss-stained jeans from two nights ago, still hung up on a clothesline made her blush to herself.

Unfortunately, her walk over to the large bin was interrupted by the sound of footsteps. Three sets of shoes moving in her direction. Suyin saw the owners, each wearing a similar outfit to some degree. Hoodies, wifebeater singlets, tracksuit pants and gold chains.

"We've been watching you... ordered damn near every drink on the menu. Must have cash to burn or for your sake donate to us." The most muscular of the three said. Unlike the other two, he was not wearing a hoodie but a black silk shirt with gold trim.

Now, Suyin was no stranger to being in moderate danger, Knota city wasn't well known for low crime rates, it in fact has a quite high unsolved murder rate. Suyin was usually quite a well composed woman, even in a dangerous situation. Suyin knew the safest thing to do was to throw her wallet over and ready the mace from her purse along with dialling the police via the phone in her other hand and preparing to scream for help. Unfortunately for Suyin and her tight-fitting black pants, the piss threatening to burst out of her made it harder to focus.

In a moment of panic, she threw her phone instead of her wallet, the mace fell out of her purse and rolled under the bin then she dropped her wallet right in front of herself. Suyin felt herself swallow hard and she visibly shivered with desperation, about to open her mouth to scream for help she saw the silk shirted mugger make a gesture to remain silent as he pulled a switchblade from his pocket and began a lumbering approach as a click noise sounded indicating the blade had flicked out.

That click sound was the final straw that broke Suyin's mostly composed demeanour along with her hold on her bladder. A stain was spreading on both the front and back of Suyins tight-fitting black pants as a warm wetness began to spread quickly down the back of her thighs, a liquid stream remained unbroken as it flowed down until it hit her partially bent knees where it finally split causing it to trickle back over onto her left foot as well as the right, a fairly large puddle growing beneath her feet. Staring at the mugger like a deer would stare at an oncoming set of headlights.

The silk shirted mugger chuckled, clearly proud of the fear he thought he'd inspired in Suyin. That was to be the last happy sound the man ever made. Interrupting the menacing advance of the silk shirt mugger, a loud wet splattering was heard behind him, as a choked-out cry for help was dashed. One of the two hoodie wearing muggers now lay on the ground in two pieces as a shadowy inhuman figure loomed over the bloodied remains.

The other hoodie wearing mugger was quick to react, not that it mattered, as he attempted to swing a chain from his hoodie pocket at the shadowy figure, his wrist was punctured by a long sharp and slender finger, closer to a blade than an appendage. The now injured mugger went to scream, but was quickly silenced as his skull was shoved into the alley wall with great force, a wet yet solid crunch sound as his final memoir.

Suyin was no longer staring at the silk shirted mugger as something much worse had come along. Suyin did not even register that a fresh smell of shit filled her nostrils or that if she were to feel the bulge growing in the seat of her tight form fitting pants that she'd be the source of that smell. The seat of her pants squishing her mess as it escaped her due to the tightness, her formerly quite nice buttocks were becoming covered in sticky and foul-smelling waste.

The Silk shirted mugger having turned to see his fellow muggers lay dead, he... in a fit of adrenaline, rage, and no doubt fear, rushed at the figure plunging his switchblade into it as he grunted at the exertion it took to break the skin.

The figure finally stepped into the light, a horrid humanoid giant with batlike features. The silk shirted mugger had but a moment to take in the sight of its sunken white eyes and blood covered fangs. The knife had barely broken the skin on the bat creatures’ arm however, black blood seemed to ooze from the opening. The bat creature made a quick flick of its wrist, and the silk shirted mugger was now missing an arm from the shoulder down. The creature made another motion that sounded almost akin to a cracking whip and the now one-armed silk shirted mugger flew through the air, knocking Suyin on her ass with an unpleasant squish.

Suyin getting knocked on her mess covered backside was the reality check she needed. As she also saw the bat creature drink blood from the arm it took from the one-armed silk shirt mugger. Being covered in the one-armed mugger’s blood as she dragged him around behind the bin where she propped herself against the wall.

Suyin did her best to lay herself down behind the bin placing the still bleeding mugger between her and the creature. It approached and she could hear it sniffing the air and it looked to also be listening, though it seemed to be having trouble locating any one sound in the cacophony of noise a city is known to house.

It moved in placing one of its gangly inhumanly strong clawed hands on the top of the large bin as it leaned low sniffed closer to the one-armed corpse. Suyin was too preoccupied by her situation earlier but now that the initial thirty seconds of adrenaline had worn off, she could feel more shit filling her pants. Suyin was now well aware of what she was actively doing in her formerly form fitting black pants. The bulge in her underwear still smoothing out as she was sat motionless on the ground against a wall behind a bin next to a corpse and what she could only describe as a monster.

The creature punctured the chest of the one-armed corpse and after a sickening sound of ribs breaking out of the way, it greedily scoffed a heart down its gullet in a motion akin to a large dog tilting up its head to swallow a treat.

The batlike creature sniffed the air once more leaning in even closer to Suyin's hiding spot, she saw its fangs, protruding and jagged as they were. Suyin thought to herself "This is the end." She could feel one final spurt of urine warm her crotch as tears trickled down her face, her eyes too tightly shut to watch the creature get closer.

Suddenly a shot rang out... deafening silence stuck in the air for a moment, lingering like the foul smell stuck in Suyin’s nostrils from both herself and the monster.

The creature snapped to attention swinging itself at the wall embedding its scythe-like fingers into the brick. The other hand pushed the large bin which rolled across the ground away from Suyin and nearly toppled over when it hit the chunks of mugger nearby.

The creature let out a cry of what sounded like rage. Suyin opened her eyes just in time to see the creature start climbing the alley wall and vanishing from view.

"It's okay, you're safe now." A feminine voice rang out. Suyin saw a short pale woman in a black cloak with a large shiny pistol in her hand, smoke still coming from the barrel, she kept her weapon trained on the rooftop, but began approaching Suyin then suddenly crinkled her nose upon reaching Suyin. That was when everything faded to black as Suyin fainted.

...

That's all for now, though it may be continued in the future.

