Fallout 4: Curie's First Day

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2017-04-08 02:17

Hello! So I freaking love the Fallout series. I’ve played every game, and beaten most of them several times. And though I love many characters, I don’t love any of them half as much as I love Curie.

So naturally, I loved imagining her wetting/soiling herself for one reason or another.

Minor Fallout 4 spoiler you need to know for this to make sense: Curie is a robot that you can “download” into a synthetic human body. At the start, she has no clue how to operate her new body, which opens up quite a few opportunities for omo. This story takes place just after she switches bodies. Also, Sole Survivor’s name is Jane.

But anyway, time for the story. Fair warning: messing and fear wetting.

###

“Zis just feels so… strange,” Curie intoned in her exotic French accent. She was thoroughly inspecting her new arms. Jane chuckled a bit as she watched Curie repeatedly clench and unclench her fist.

“You get used to it,” Jane said, as comfortingly as she could.

“But you have had your whole life to get used to it, what if I never get used to it?” she said, worried. Jane hadn’t recalled her ever sounding so worried when she was still a robot. Now though, she occupied the body of a somewhat tall woman, with very short black hair and fair skin. She wore a pink and white checkered shirt, and simple blue jeans.

“I’m confident in you, Curie,” Jane said. Curie blushed. Jane wore her Vault 111 jumpsuit, augmented with leather armor on her arms, legs, and chest. A powerful rifle was holstered on her back. She was caucasian with very pale skin, and silvery-blonde hair that curled and twisted all over the place, down to her shoulders.

“Well, uh, thank you, I -oh!” Curie suddenly gasped, and put her hands over her crotch.

“What is it?” Jane asked, though she could guess.

“I forgot how to hold it for a moment, and I believe I urinated a little,” she said, without a hint of shame. She lifted her hands from her blue jeans, “how bad is it?”. Curie was still adjusting to her new body, so events like this were to be expected.

Jane looked, and could see a wet patch roughly two inches in diameter occupying the space between Curie’s legs, “Not too bad,”.

“I recall that you were always embarrassed when you had an accident. Should I feel embarrassed?” Curie asked, with legitimate curiosity.

“Well, yes,” Jane replied, blushing slightly.

“Well zen, may I please change?” Curie asked, though Jane suspected it was only because she thought she had to.

“Soon enough,” Jane brought up her Pip-Boy, and loaded the map. They were still in the dead center of the ruins of Boston. Not an ideal place to be. It was a long walk to the Taffington Boathouse, which Jane and the Minutemen had turned into a relatively nice safehouse, but they’d be safest there. The important part was getting out of Boston ASAP. She relayed all this to Curie.

###

About half an hour passed, and they were nearly out of Boston. Curie was getting the hang of her body, her periodic stumbles and trips becoming rarer and rarer. Jane was on edge, though. Curie was unarmed and unarmored, for one because Jane had none to spare at the moment, and also because she wasn’t sure she trusted Curie to handle a firearm right now. Along with finer control of her legs, Curie had managed to keep control over her bladder.

“Madam?” Curie asked innocently.

“Yeah?”

“I believe I require ze restroom,” Jane looked at Curie as she said this, and Curie’s face was clearly puzzled and confused, uncertain of what to do in this situation. Both of her hands rested over her crotch, not quite holding, but not just there for show.

“Umm, can it wait? We really shouldn’t stop here for something like that; it’s too dangerous,”

“For a little while, I think,” Curie looked down, pondering something, “I could just go now. In my clothes,”.

“What? Why?” Jane asked, her confusion spelled out across her face.

“If we cannot stop here, then I would prefer to not be in a state of discomfort for so long. Though it is very unsanitary, I could clean up when we get-”

“No no, it’s… it’s fine. Just hold on. We’ll find somewhere. Don’t wet your pants,”

“It is more than just ‘wet’, Madam,”

Super.

“Well, don’t do that, either, Curie,”

“I will hold on,”

The two continued walking. They passed by a number of ruined storefronts, most of the buildings too damaged to enter. Jane was a fairly talented sniper, and was very skilled at avoiding enemies. Using her techniques, she’d managed to guide them around most of the major threats without ever being in danger.

Seems someone, somewhere lacked those skills, as multiple bursts of gunfire suddenly erupted from somewhere a few blocks away. Jane turned quickly towards the sound, before realizing it wasn’t aimed at them. Curie jumped and gasped at the sudden shock.

“Oh my… Is that what it feels like to be frightened?” Curie’s face was a mask of total anxiety and unease.

“Yup,”

“I do not like zis feeling” she said, shaking her head.

“No one does. Don’t worry, you’re safe,” Jane reached over and put a steadying hand on Curie’s slightly-shivering shoulder.

“Thank you, Madam, I- Oh no!” She said, looking down. Jane followed her gaze to see that the wet spot on Curie’s pants had expanded considerably. An apple-sized patch now rested on her crotch, just barely reaching down her thighs, as well. She must have lost some control when the gunfire went off, but not realized till just now.

“I do not like zis feeling, either,” Curie said, clearly looking to Jane for some sort of guidance.

Guidance Jane had no idea how to give. Sure, people peeing their pants wasn’t infrequent in the Commonwealth; and Jane, herself, was no stranger to it. But she was somewhat new to consoling someone else over it.

In the earlier days, just after she emerged from the Vault, Jane could hardly keep her pants dry and unsoiled. Every day she thought she’d seen the most horrifying thing the Commonwealth had to offer, out pops something scarier. She tried to remember how she felt when she’d ruined her trousers, maybe that would help her think of something to say.

“Don’t worry about it, Curie,” She opened her mouth to speak more, but before she could, another woman’s voice interrupted.

“Hey!!” Came a desperate and aggressive voice.

Curie and Jane both turned around as quick as possible. A dark-skinned woman with ratty hair and wild eyes was holding a pistol at the pair. She was wearing a basic white T-shirt with blue-jean overalls.

“Gimme all your caps! Now!!” Her voice shook a little.

Jane sized her up quickly as Curie took cover behind her. The woman was clearly desperate and not good at this sort of thing. The hands holding up her gun trembled, and Jane could see the thug’s legs shake ever so slightly.

Jane looked over the mugger’s pistol, and… yup.

Jane took a couple steps forward, “You’re kidding, right?”.

The mugger quickly adjusted her gun in an “I’ll do it” sort of way. “B-back up!” she stammered.

Jane continued walking forward until the gun’s barrel was touching her belly, “You won’t shoot me,” she said, matter-of-factly.

“Y-yes I will!”

“Not with the safety on, you won’t,” Jane said, smirking.

The mugger attempted to pull the trigger, but only heard an empty click. Jane quickly pushed the pistol to point at the ground as she drew her own revolver, and levelled it at the mugger’s head.

Tears formed in her eyes, and she began making terrified whimpers. Jane looked down with some satisfaction as a dark patch developed between the mugger’s legs, which then spread down her overalls. The glistening wetness spread all over the front of the woman’s pants, creating a heart-shaped dark patch on the fronts of her thighs. Thick columns of wetness completed their journey down her legs, and deposited in a massive puddle at the woman’s feet. As her bladder failed, her other end took the opportunity to void. A wet crackling sound occupied the sudden emergence of a horrible smell in the air as the woman totally loaded her overalls.

“Leave. Now. Do not look back,” Jane commanded. The mugger only nodded as quickly as she could before turning to sprint away. As she turned, Jane could plainly see the mess in the woman’s pants. The bulge was nearly twice the size of a baseball, and her pants were stained slightly brown at the bottom of the rather large bulge.

Curie walked up to Jane, “I suppose it really isn’t uncommon for human’s to lose control of such functions,”.

“With the right motivation, you can make anyone have to change their pants,” Jane said.

“I will keep zis in mind,” Curie said, enthusiastically. That couldn’t be good.

###

The two had finally escaped the perilous clutches of the Boston ruins. The sun was still high in the sky, meaning they should definitely be able to make it to Taffington before nightfall. They were walking over an old stone bridge that was littered with discarded vehicles. Curie’s kind-of holding herself had evolved into full on grabbing-and-holding-to-keep-from-totally-pissing-in-her-pants.

“M-madam?” Curie said, slightly bent over.

“You need the restroom?”

“I… yes. Badly,” She winced a little, “I am not familiar enough with zis body to know if I can hold it any longer,”.

“We’re not too far from Taffington, are you sure you can’t hold it?” Jane asked.

“I… I-” Curie scrunched her face, and Jane looked down to see the wet patch grow significantly. Two large streaks began their descent down her thighs, but didn’t go too far. The wet spot nearly doubled in size, but it seemed Curie was back in control. “I do not believe I can last much longer...”.

Jane sighed deeply, “Okay, okay. It’s ‘safe’ here, so go ahead and go behind that car. I’ll keep watch.”. She drew her rifle, and turned her back to give Curie some privacy.

Curie stumbled forward, leaking a little more pee into her pants with each step, before reaching her destination. She moved to unbutton her pants, and finally succeeded. As she dropped her jeans, exposing her wet, white panties, the familiar sound of a bullet crashing against metal caused Jane to suddenly push Curie to the ground. Curie landed on her butt, with her back leaning against the car she’d been using for cover. Her pants were still down around her ankles, but she had not been able to pull her (slightly yellowed) panties down at all.

Jane emerged from their shared cover, and looked through her rifle’s scope. She spotted the Gunners advancing towards them, each laying down suppressive fire until they could close the gap. Jane fired one shot, but missed. As the Gunners returned fire, she ducked as a cacophony of small, metallic clangs consumed their hearing.

Jane glanced at Curie to check on her, and… yup.

Curie was sitting in a gradually expanding puddle as she peed hard into her panties. The yellow stain covered her crotch and the entire backside of her formerly white underwear. Between the clanging of bullets, Jane was sure she heard a faint hissing noise. A particularly ambitious bullet penetrated through their cover, and came dangerously close to hitting Curie. She yelped in alarm, and brought her knees to her chest, as she retreated into the fetal position. A low pbltpbltpblt sounded from Curie’s rear, and was followed by a loud, wet, crackling, squishing noise as the seat of her panties expanded forcefully. The messy bulge grew and grew, immediately dwarfing the size of the mugger’s load, earlier. The slightly-yellow-but-mostly-white fabric of the panties turned completely brown as she produced a veritable avalanche in her underpants.

Poor thing, Jane thought, I’m gonna make them pay for scaring Curie like this. With inspiration drawn from seeing her friend in such distress, Jane stood once more, and shouldered her rifle. Her crosshair lingered over one of the Gunner’s faces. She pulled the trigger, and suddenly there was no face left to linger on. She panned over to the next, and gave him the same procedure. She turned to the final gunner, a woman. The legs of her military fatigues had spreading, wet streaks flowing down them as she saw her companions fall. She turned to run, dropping her gun. She vanished behind some trees before Jane was able to take her down.

Jane put a hund on Curie’s shuddering shoulder, “Curie. Curie!” she said, shaking her. Curie slowly looked up, realizing it was over. Jane knelt down next to her, keeping one hand on her friend’s shoulder for comfort, “It’s okay, Curie. You’re fine, you’re safe. Let’s get you home,”.

As Jane offered her hand to help Curie up, Curie looked down, and noticed the rather dismal state of her underwear, “Oh… I no longer require the restroom, Madam,” she said, forlornly. She accepted Jane’s hand and stood, “Should I try and clean my underwear first?” she asked, feeling the front and back of her panties.

“No. Gunners like to travel in large groups, and one of them lived. We need to leave, now. Just… just pull your pants up over the accident, it’s fine,”.

Curie complied, and pulled up her pants, wincing as the somewhat tight pants squished her mess up against her. At least the relatively small wet spots on her jeans hid the true extent of her accident. The same could not be said of the rather conspicuous bulge, which was plainly visible in the seat of her pants.

Curie was still a little shaky, but she and Jane fled quickly from the area.

###

At long last, they were closing in on Taffington Boathouse. It was maybe another forty-five minutes, maybe an hour away. Jane looked back, and noticed Curie seemed miserable. Not that she could blame her. It very much reminded her of her first outing into the Wasteland- lots of terror, peeing, pooping, and crying.

“You okay?” She asked, though the answer was evident in Curie’s sickened stare.

“I… I do not dislike my new body...”

“But...” Jane interjected.

“I do dislike some of the emotions that come with it. How do you deal with being so afraid?”

“It comes with experience. You’ve seen me have accidents tons of times,”

“But I never saw you curl into the fetal position,” Curie said, a hint of shame in her voice.

“Look...” Jane began, trying to think of what to say, “A lot of our emotions are terrible. Fear, anxiety, shame… but it’s worth having those if it means that we can still feel the good ones, right?” she said, throwing her arm over Curie’s shoulder. That was honestly the best she could come up with.

Curie looked over to her and smiled, “Yes… I suppose it is,”. She sadly patted the bulge that presided over her butt, “I think I am beginning to feel embarassed and shameful over zis. Was your first time so bad?” she asked, curiously.

Jane sighed, but decided it may bring her friend some comfort. She began the tale.

###

Jane had just emerged from Vault 111. She found her old robot, Codsworth, who advised her to venture into Concord and seek help from the people there. As she stood on the outskirts of the town, the sounds of a full-on firefight were evident. Jane was tempted to run as fast as she could from the ruined little town, but she knew it may be her only chance to find someone who could help her find her missing son. She swallowed, and steeled herself, and pressed further into the town.

As she walked, the firefight worsened, and she could hear people screaming. During the battle, something exploded. It was loud, and it shook the earth. Jane could only whimper and shiver. Then she noticed a warmth travelling down her right thigh. She’d been so nervous that she had peed quite a bit. A circular stain rested on her crotch, and a little had gone down her left thigh, but a long, thick streak traced all the way down to her right knee. Despite wanting to completely wet herself and begin throwing up out of fear, she pressed on.

She encountered a number of raiders attacking a lone Minuteman defender, and decided to help the Minuteman. As she fought, with every bullet that landed near her, with every time a raider noticed her, she leaked a little more. By the time she’d actually fought her way inside the museum the Minutemen were holed up in, the front, back, and inside of her pants were thoroughly soaked. The Minutemen didn’t seem to judge her too harshly for it, thankfully.

Their plan was to use an old suit of power armor in the building to finish off the raiders. Easy. As she got in and began to tear through the opposition with a minigun she tore off of a downed helicopter, she heard a strange roar from below the ground. Midway through the intense battle, part of the street exploded open as a massive, reptilian monster known as a deathclaw had decided to go hunting. It turned the remaining raiders into soggy ribbons, then darted towards Jane.

It picked her up, and began banging its enormous claws against her armor, trying to get at the squishy human inside. Jane screamed the entire time. She recalled reading once that T-51b armor, and later models, came equipped with facilities to handle waste. She could vouch that earlier models, like her T-45d armor, did not. As the deathclaw attempted to pry her armor open, she abandoned any thoughts of maintaining bowel control, and forcefully soiled herself.

Eventually, she wriggled out of its grasp and retrieved her minigun, then blew the beast away. When she returned to the Minutemen, she was grateful that her armor hid the fact that she’d had another accident. By the time she’d returned home, and could take the armor off, her mess had been smeared all across her backside and thighs, browning her jumpsuit’s leggings.

###

“So… even though you were so afraid that you had an accident even before the fighting started, how did you stay brave enough to keep going?” Curie asked, fascinated.

“I… I had to. For my son. That’s why I’m so ‘brave’ around you, Curie. I want to keep you safe, and I won’t do that by being afraid of everything,”.

Curie blushed and smiled.

“Do you think I didn’t want to piss myself when they started shooting? Hell, I think I actually did leak a little...” Jane said, slightly embarassed.

“I don’t believe you,” Curie said.

“Seriously. I have to go, too, you know. Almost lost it during that fight,”

“I think I’d feel better if you’d have had an accident, too,” Curie mused.

Jane sighed, again. She couldn’t believe she was about to do this, but considering everything, she wasn’t sure she’d be able to make all the way to Taffington, either. She gave a quiet “Hmmph,” and began pushing.

Curie looked at her curiously, then her eyes fell to Jane’s legs. “M-madam!” she exclaimed.

Jane felt warmth totally envelope her crotch. It spread quickly as she peed full-force into her clothing. She exhaled as she felt warm rivers flow down both of her legs. The wetness curled around her legs, just barely spreading across the bottom of her butt. The hot liquid flowed messily out of the cuffs of her pants, splattering noisily on the ground.

Her visible relief faded as the next phase of this little operation began. She grunted softly, and felt her butt cheeks part. A firm log made its way into her jumpsuit’s seat. It tented out significantly, before finally folding in and smooshing up between her pink panties and butt cheeks.

She exhaled again, and tugged at jumpsuit a bit, feeling the mess settling in the back of her pants. Her wet legs were cooling in the breeze. Curie’s face was full of satisfaction.

“Thank you, Madam,” she said, gratefully.

“Don’t… don’t mention it,” Jane said, and she meant tit.

“It looks like you were right,” Curie began.

“About what?”

“With the right motivation, you can make anyone have to change their pants,” Curie said, quoting Jane. So this is what she meant.

It was going to be fun explaining this to the crew at Taffington...

*007*2017-04-09 19:21

So many nice comments, thanks everyone!

Also, would you guys be interested if I were to do more Fallout stuff, or would you prefer to see something else?

*011*2017-04-13 20:34

So just a heads-up, I am working on both a new WoW story and 2 new Fallout stories (one is for Fallout 4 the other is New Vegas). I can't say for sure when I'll have any of them done, or even in what order I'll do them. The WoW and Fallout 4 stories should be done relatively soon. I'm also thinking of writing a Fire Emblem story.

Just thought I'd keep people updated.

*013*2017-04-26 02:23

So, only a short 18 days later, here's more of our Fallout girls. This isn't all I planned to write for this, but due to how long I'm taking with it, I figured I'd cut the next update into 2 parts, so here's the first. For fans of my Warcraft series, I've also been working on the next part of that.

Jane and Curie were approaching Taffington Boathouse, at long last. Jane was not looking forward to facing her comrades with a load in her pants, but it couldn’t be helped. It’s not like they haven’t done the same in their underwear before. If she remembered correctly, it should just be Cait and maybe Piper there, and possibly some Minutemen, but they may have moved on.

As she remembered who it was she was meeting at Taffington, she felt some of her embarrassment fade. If anyone was going to understand her wet and messy plight, it would be those two. Cait frequently had accidents whenever she got drunk, and Piper wet herself in nearly half the fights she got into.

Jane tugged at her jumpsuit’s waistline a bit, hiking her messy panties up. She didn’t appreciate the feeling of the mess being pushed up against her butt, but she’d rather it didn’t try to escape her underwear. Her urine-soaked legs were frigid in the cold, evening air. Jane glanced over at Curie to see how she was holding up. Curie’s mess was considerably larger, and she had to walk with her legs spread a little. The seat of her pants had gradually turned brown as the pair travelled. Though it was largely smushed flat now, there was still a rather obvious, rather large bulge on her rear.

As they followed the road to the boathouse, Jane could see Cait waving at them from the little barricade they’d built on the road. She prepared for some teasing, and waved back.

“What happened to you two?” Cait asked, giggling a little as she very plainly looked at Jane’s soaked pants. She then turned and really took in the other traveller, “And, is that...”

“Cait, meet Curie’s new body,” Jane said proudly. Curie gave a polite wave.

“Oh, wow. Lucky you,” Cait said, running her eyes over Curie’s body.

“Oh, um, thank you, Cait,” Curie said, blushing.

“Well, let’s get you two inside. And into some clean pants for God’s sake,” Cait said as she sniffed the air, clearly catching the scent of their accidents. Both Jane and Curie shuffled in embarrassment, and Jane could feel the poop in her pants shift with the movement. Getting changed sounded nice.

###

Night had fallen, and with it, Curie and Jane took some much needed rest. Taffington’s beds were, and there’s no sugarcoating it, fucked. In light of this, they were forced to bring whatever sleeping arrangements they were willing to haul over here. Jane had taken an old, ratty sleeping bag while Curie had taken a blanketless mattress. Cait still had watch duty for a couple more hours.

Strangely, Piper wasn’t there. Jane learned that Piper went scouting for a little food hours ago, and hadn’t returned. Piper was resourceful, though, and the group was confident that she would return later.

Despite the very welcome sleep, Jane’s slumber was anything but restful. She dreamt of the first time she’d been unfortunate enough to encounter a radscorpion. After three grenades, over a hundred bullets, and lots of panicked screaming, she managed to kill it. Only after it was dead did she notice the sudden mass in her panties, and the warmth spreading down her thighs. Jane tossed and turned, her dream rekindling how afraid she was. She bolted upright suddenly, her dream having shocked her awake. She gasped sharply, then glanced around to realize she was safe. After a short few seconds that felt much longer, Jane noticed how warm her crotch was.

“No no no no no,” she began muttering in a tense whisper. She climbed out of the sleeping bag and inspected herself. She had only worn a set of orange underwear to bed, and the crotch of her panties was now heavily dampened. She checked her sleeping bag for stains, but could only find a couple tiny wet spots. As if confirming that her accident wasn’t too bad, she became aware of just how much she still needed to pee. Taffington’s toilet situation was about on par with the bed situation, so she began to make way a secluded spot outside that had become an impromptu bathroom.

As she passed by Curie, Jane decided to check on her. It was her first time actually being asleep, considering she’d been a permanently-awake robot before. Curie had chosen some more conservative sleepwear than Jane, wearing a clean, gray, button-up shirt with some soft, blue pyjama pants. She was asleep on her left side, with her legs stacked on top of one another.

As Jane prepared to continue towards the “bathroom”, she heard Curie give a relaxed breath. Then she heard a subtle hissing. Sure enough, wetness was blossoming between Curie’s legs, flowing over her left thigh. Several small beads of urine traced small paths down her leg, and onto the mattress below her. A large circle of darkened fabric began forming on the mattress around her. The front and back, inner and outer sides of Curie’s left leg were drenched in her own pee. Steam was clearly visible rising from her now very wet legs.

Predictably, she was not done, and started straining and grunting a little. As she began exhaling strongly, a bulge had appeared on the seat of her pyjamas with a wet crackle. At first, the bulge was small, and hard to see. As Curie gave a quiet “Hmmp!” the bulge tripled in size. For a moment, it looked as though she had a large orange in her pants, but then gravity hit the mess, and it began sliding down until the bulge rested over her left butt cheek. Then, contented, Curie rolled over in her sleep, crushing her mess and spreading all across her butt with a squish.

Jane sighed. Of course this is how Curie’s first-ever sleep would go. She’d help her clean up later. For now, Jane still had to pee pretty badly, herself. She headed downstairs, and out the backdoor. She settled on a patch of dirt next to the house’s wall. She lowered her panties, and crouched with her back against the wall. She breathed deeply, and enjoyed the sweet relief as her urine came out with a quiet pssssssssssh. As she finished, she stood, and yanked her panties back up. She turned to head back in.

“Midnight piss, huh?” Came Cait’s voice, shattering the silence.

Jane yelped and stumbled backwards, looking behind her to see Cait.

“God, Cait!! Don’t startle me like that!”

“Startle you? I’m just doing my patrols, and suddenly hear someone shuffling about when everyone’s supposed to be asleep. What if you’d been a raider, huh?” Cait smirked.

After a moment of silence, Jane realized she was still in her underwear, and nervously tried to cover herself up, “Look, whatever, no harm done. I’m going back to-”

“Wait wait, shhh,” Cait said, putting a finger over Jane’s mouth.

“What? What’s-”

“Shhhhhhh!”

After the two were quiet, Jane heard what Cait was hearing- footsteps. Someone was inside Taffington. They both looked through some cracks in the old wall, and could see a figure walking around inside. It was too dark to tell exactly who/what it was, but Jane could atleast tell it wasn’t Curie.

“Don’t worry- I’ll take care o’this,” Cait said, moving inside. Jane followed behind her, watching as Cait quietly crouch-walked towards the intruder. Once they were closer, Jane could tell that this stranger was definitely not someone who was supposed to be here; as in: they weren’t Piper or Curie. Once Cait was only a couple of feet away, she pounced like a hungry tiger, and pinned the intruder to the ground. Cait’s grunt of exertion was coupled by a woman’s yell of surprise. Jane turned on her Pip-Boy’s light to get a better view.

They were a decently-dressed woman, definitely not a raider or a Gunner. She wore a thick, blue jacket with a lot of pockets, and green cargo pants. Her black hair was tied in a tight ponytail. She was caucasian, but her skin was tanned pretty heavily.

Jane felt a little useless just being a flashlight, considering Cait was doing all the work, having just put the woman into a headlock. The woman began gasping for breath and trying to pry away Cait’s surprisingly strong arm, but neither approach was successful. She began wriggling and writhing, attempting to escape, but she was definitely not strong enough to get away from Cait.

As the woman began to lose consciousness, Cait glanced up towards Jane, “Bet ya this one shits herself when she goes out,”.

“50 caps. You’re on,” Jane said. After Cait had knocked her out, they could decide what to do with her. It may be a little dark, but you might as well make the job fun.

The stranger’s fear and lack-of-oxygen began to take their toll. Jane and Cait both became privy to a loud hissing noise. Jane circled around, and could see a growing puddle of urine forming around the prone woman’s thrashing legs. The front of her pants would be soaked. But she hadn’t pooped herself yet, Jane noted with some satisfaction. Her thrashing finally subsided, and Cait set her down, the woman was very unconscious.

“50 caps. Pay up,” Jane said, holding out her hand.

“Fuck me, they always shit themselves when I do that,” Cait muttered as she began to dig out some caps, “Of course the one time there’s money on the line...”

Jane accepted the caps, even though she currently had nowhere to put them, considering she was still just in her underwear. As Jane struggled with this conundrum, Cait began searching the woman, but came up nearly empty. The stranger was armed with only a rusty knife, and had only a small canteen for water.

“So what should we do with her?” Cait asked, nonchalantly flipping the woman’s knife between her fingers.

“Tie her up, I suppose. We can work something out later,”.

“Yeah, I’ll go fetch the rope-” just as Cait finished the sentence, both women heard a loud pffffft. They looked to each other, then to the stranger. Another, wetter pbbbbllllltttt-skreltch sounded from her behind, and a small, wet load worked its way into her pants. Either her body was holding back, or she just didn’t eat enough, because her mess was considerably smaller than Jane and Curie’s. But still, it was fairly obvious she had just lost control of her bowels.

Cait jumped up excitedly, “Ha ha! Gimme back those caps!” she laughed.

###

Jane had set the woman down onto a wooden chair with a very slight squishing noise as her mess was crushed under her. Jane was right earlier, the front of the woman’s pants were absolutely drenched. Cait returned with some rope, and they secured her to the chair.

After several more minutes, the woman finally woke up.

“Goh-huh? Wha? Where?” she began looking around in total confusion. Her eyes opened wide, and she moved her legs, feeling the wet fabric slide against her skin, and her stickier, messier expulsion sloshing around below her, “Eeugh!” she groaned in disgust.

“Who are you?” Jane asked. During the interim, she had finally managed to throw some clothes on. Her panties were still damp, but she’d have to deal with it for now. Jane had thrown on some of her road leathers, which made her look like some sort-of post-apocalypse biker gang member. Black leather pants covered her legs, and a matching black leather vest covered a basic red shirt.

“There was only supposed to be one person here! That woman said-”

“What woman?”

“P-, uh, uuuuh, P-something!” she said frantically.

“Piper?”

“Y-yeah! Her!”

“And where is Ms. Piper, now?”

“I… I can’t tell you,” the woman answered, trying to look fierce. Doesn’t work too well when your interrogators know you’ve shat yourself.

“Ya know,” Cait began, brandishing a baseball bat that had nails jutting out at odd angles, “we can do a whole lot worse than make ya crap yer pants,”.

The woman’s eyes widened in fear. Jane could see a new wet patch form at her crotch, this time flowing down towards her butt. She’d already emptied most of her bladder, though, so the new wetness didn’t reach too far.

“W-w-w-we captured her! We’re holding her in our camp, to the northeast!” She answered quickly.

“And why’d you go and do something stupid like that?” Jane asked, leaning in close.

“We… we needed the supplies really badly. Piper said her camp only had one person who’d probably be asleep,”

“And you fuckin’ bought that?” Cait asked, chuckling a bit, “You deserved that ass-whoopin’,”.

After some more questioning, Jane was finally able to pin down the woman’s camp on the Pip-Boy’s map. Not very far. Maybe a day’s travel. The two left the room for a moment.

“So, how we gonna do this?” Cait asked.

“I’m not sure. Hostage exchange?” Jane took a somewhat proud stance, “Honestly, I could just sneak over and kill them from half a mile away. Rescue Piper, bring her back in time for dinner,”.

“That could work,” Cait said, nodding.

“I’ll try and do this with Curie, do you think you could keep watch over our guest?”

“What, why?!” Cait angrily stated, “Why do I have to play babysitter?”

“Do you trust Curie to properly keep watch over a hostage?” Jane said, putting a hand on her hip.

Cait thought for a moment, “Ugh, I guess you’re right,” Cait looked down, still pissed, “Fine, I’ll watch her. What’re you gonna do?”.

“Try and just sneak Piper out, if I can. Bribe them if that fails, kill ‘em if that does, too,”.

“Sounds good,”

“Now I’ve gotta wake up Curie, though...” Jane said, unhappily.

“Why’d you say it like that?”

###

Jane was thinking she maybe should have woken Curie up earlier, because now the room reeked with her accident. Breathing through her mouth, she worked her way to the side of Curie’s bed, and began shaking her shoulder.

“Curie. Curie, get up!”

Curie’s eyes fluttered open, looking up at Jane. She smiled, then took a breath. Her smile quickly faded, and she covered her nose, “What is that smell?”.

“That’d be you. You messed yourself in your sleep,”.

“Oh no...” Curie said slowly as she took note of her large accident.

“Don’t worry about it, but do get up and changed quick. We gotta go somewhere,”.

Minutes later, Curie had cleaned up, and Jane told her the plan: Scope the place out, try and sneak Piper out, maybe try and buy her back, or just shoot the place up if all else fails. Curie wasn’t completely fond of the violent option, but if that’s what it came down to…

Curie looked at Jane curiously when she produced a pistol and handed to her. “Now Curie,” she began, “I know you’re new to having fingers, but can I trust you to handle this weapon?”

“You may trust me, Madam!” Curie beamed.

“Then let’s get going,”.

###

Jane still wore her leather outfit, which offered some protection, and Curie had settled on her original outfit from the day before, albeit with the jeans cleaned. It was early morning when they departed. Early early. They’d been walking for about thirty minutes, and the sun had only just barely begun to cast light over the horizon.

Fallen leaves and dead grass crunched underfoot as they trudged on towards the marker on Jane’s Pip-Boy. She kept a close watch on their surroundings. Her first outing with Curie had resulted in them getting pinned down and hit with a hailstorm of bullets because Jane hadn’t been careful enough. She was not eager to repeat the event.

But even in her state of heightened cautiousness, she had to admit that the area was just dead right now. Not so much as a bird was stirring. The pair reached a river that cut across the land, and began walking along its edge, keeping an eye out for a bridge. The sound of the water brought Jane’s bladder to her attention. She kind of had to pee. Her need wasn’t too bad, so she was sure she could hold it for a good while.

The two crossed a barely-standing bridge, and Jane led Curie to the top of a hill. Jane drew her sniper rifle, and began observing the region around them. The sun had fully risen now, and an early morning light illuminated her sight.

“Ah, crap,” Jane muttered.

“What is wrong, Madam?”

“There’s ghouls up ahead, in that old building,” Jane pointed towards a heavily damaged but still standing shack. Even from such a distance, Curie could see the bumbling shapes and figures of ghouls, silhouetted against the morning light. Of course, the building was right in the way they needed to go. “We can go around, or” Jane began, using the kind of “or” that meant she was going to do whatever followed it, “I can snipe them down and save us some time,”.

“Are you sure zat is safe, Madam?”

“If it were people, maybe not, but ghouls can’t use guns, so I can take them down long before they get here,”.

She slowed and steadied her breathing. She took aim. She fired. The ghoul’s head exploded in a visceral shower of blood and gore. The other ghouls turned in alarm, but could not see Jane in the distance. She fired again, and another head exploded. The ghouls began stumbling as quickly and angrily as they could. Firing twice more, two more ghouls died. The last remaining one turned towards the sniper, but it noticed her far too late. She took him down, then stood proudly.

“Your skill with zat weapon is impressive, Madam,” Curie sounded genuinely impressed.

“I do try,” Jane responded.

###

Meanwhile, back at the boathouse:

“Come on! Please untie me so I can pee...” the woman who had broken into their house begged.

“No! I let you get up to change yer pants, and you tried to run,” Cait replied, pointing to the stranger’s clean new pants, “Besides, ya just pissed yerself an hour ago. How can you possibly need to go again?”.

“I- I dunno! But I do!” the intruder was rubbing her legs together as much as her bindings would allow. Cait pitied her, and allowed her to change into some clean clothes, during which time she tried to escape. Cait caught her, and tied her to the chair again.

“Well, tough shite. Now be good, and shut up,”

The stranger glared, and continued rubbing her legs together. Cait double-checked the locks on the doors, then went out for a short while, running a quick perimeter search of the area. A strange, engine-like noise was coming from the front yard, and that probably wasn’t good. She lifted up her double-barrelled shotgun and went to investigate.

###

Jane and Curie were entering an old house. Since it was right in the way, they figured they could search it for supplies. Jane came up empty-handed, and Curie could only find some 200-year-old bubblegum. Jane walked back to the door of the house, only to see a human shape in the distance hoisting up something big. A quick muzzle flash illuminated him, and suddenly Jane could see a rocket flying right towards the house.

Her mouth opened wide in terror, and she turned as quickly as she could to warn Curie. She started screaming, “Curie! Curie!! Get on the ground NOW!!”.

Curie fell to the ground, and instinctively covered up the back of her head. Jane began to go down, but then the world behind her exploded in a fiery blaze. Her vision blurred, and her back was embedded with splinters. And she suddenly found herself behind an old couch. Looking around, she could see that the front wall of the house had been blown to smithereens, and a group of three raiders was approaching. She scanned the ground, and found Curie lying on her stomach.

And also in a puddle of urine. Jane could plainly see an expanding puddle surrounding Curie’s pelvic region, growing and spreading across the flat, wooden floor. At the same time, Jane spotted a large bulge in the seat of Curie’s pants, growing pretty steadily. Jane’s ears were pretty fucked from the blast, but if they weren’t she was sure she would be able to hear Curie’s accident.

Seeing Curie’s accident reminded her of her own growing needs. Remembering her own growing needs caused her to realize the few trails of pee running down her legs. She had leaked a little, and some of her urine escaped her panties and trailed down both of her legs. Her leather pants did little to absorb the release, so the little bit that she did release flowed out the cuff of her pants easily.

Finding her sniper rifle on the ground, she began trying to fight back.

...Which would be pretty easy, turns out. The raider with the rocket launcher was in the process of reloading, and was holding the rocket in his hands at the moment. Jane held her breath, aimed for the rocket, and fired. Ka-boom. All three raiders went up in a fiery explosion. Jane slowly, hesitantly lowered her rifle, still expecting more fighting. She turned her attention to Curie, who was very cautiously raising her head to see if the coast was clear.

Jane helped her up, and Curie looked at her again ruined jeans in remorse, “I am worried zat I will never grow accustomed to zis,”.

Jane patted Curie on the shoulder, feeling her own wet underpants against her skin, “You’re no worse at this than I was, Curie. You’ll get better,”.

That brought out Curie’s smile, and the two turned to leave the house before the noise drew anyone else, Curie waddling to keep up, the mess taking up a considerable amount of space between her legs.

