Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 10

Author: Poowrite

*233*2015-08-17 05:15

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Full / Full

You watch the monster disappear into the shadows. Though you are loath to let it escape, you doubt you could catch up to it now anyway. The fullness in your bladder and bowel would make running a challenge, and is only getting worse. Your bladder, in particular, is feeling ready to surrender quite regardless of your will.

So, you sheathe your sword and make your way over to Lucius and the girl. Even in the meager light of the moon you can see the resemblance between the child and the bodies of the man and woman. Your heart goes out to her as she presses herself against a grimy brick wall, watching you and Lucius with terror.

She is wearing a simple brown dress, worn with age but still looking like it is holding up. Blonde hair hangs in ringlets, framing a young but pretty face. Her blue eyes are wide as saucers. You see the apprehension in her gaze as you approach, but underneath you can see the hope as well... hope that you and Lucius can take her from this nightmare.

“It's okay,” you coo softly, stepping past Lucius and kneeling next to the girl. “I'm Calista and this is Lucius. We're going to help you,” you promise, reaching out to take the girl's shoulder. She recoils as if touched by hot iron, but she can't withdraw before you've activated your spell.

You can feel your heart starting to hammer in your chest is you take some of the girl's fear upon yourself. The shadows appear to grow longer and darker, your mind fills with images of nightmarish creatures lurking just out of sight. You feel a painful twist of grief in your chest and your thoughts feel cracked, fractured like a pane of glass struck by a stone.

“Calista...” Lucius asks, and you feel a strong hand on your shoulder. You take a deep breath, steeling yourself against the girl's rush of emotions and offering her a forced smile.

“Can you tell us your name,” you ask.

“M-Myra...” she responds. “M-Mother and Father...”

“I'm sorry, Myra...” you say. It feels like a hot knife is twisting in your side as you tell the girl, you feel her urge to scream but you fight it down for the both of you. You can't stop the tears however, and you feel them rolling down your cheeks, mirroring the big droplets that roll down the Myra's.

“Calista. We have to get her somewhere safe,” Lucius says. You nod. He's right. You can't take her with you. Doing so would mean withdrawing the calming effect you're having on her, you certainly can't fight in this condition. Which might lead to her screaming and giving away your position at a crucial moment. “One of the larger churches to Mykona is nearby. We should take her there. In a crisis like this, I'm sure the Priests will be taking people in...”

“W-We... were going to Uncle Peter's shop,” Myra says. “B-Before...” she stifles a sob. She looks to you with big, teary eyes. “Can't you please take me there instead? U-Uncle Peter... he makes potions for the Priests. H-He helps them m-make Holy Water. F-Father... said they'd b-be protecting him.”

You look to Lucius, who is frowning. “The church would be safer...” he insists.

“Maybe, but we might be able to get a few potions for ourselves. There are injured Priests back at the inn. A strong potion might put them back in the fight long enough to help us defend the civilians until we reach Temple Dawn,” you say.

Lucius sighs, and nods. “You might be right. Alright, Calista. You've shown good judgment so far, so I'll leave it to you to decide what we do...”

1. Take Myra to the church.

2. Take Myra to her Uncle.

3. Other.

If you like, suggest some conversation topics for the trip to the destination. Ask Myra something, or ask Lucius something.

Calista's Bladder has gone from Full to Desperate

*244*2015-08-24 05:23

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Desperate / Full

“It may be safer, but we need to think about what she wants. And she wants to go to her Uncle's,” you say, sensing this through the link you're sharing with the girl. “If we take her to the church, she'll be a handful for the Priests. Plus, I think her family needs to know what has happened here. We should bring her to her Uncle, then maybe we can convince him to find the nearest church,” you suggest.

Lucius nods. “Fair enough. Myra, can you lead us to your Uncle's house,” he asks. The girl seems a little apprehensive as the big man looks down at her, but she offers him a nod.

“It... it isn't far from here,” she answers. “But... my parents...” You feel tears stinging your eyes as she begins to cry again.

“We'll send someone for them as soon as we can,” you promise. “But first, we need you to be safe. I think that's what they would want, don't you?” Mira nods, then points to the North side of the square.

“We need to go that way,” she says. You nod, take her hand, then straighten up. You feel a sharp ache in your bladder and a tingling burn between your legs as the sudden shift in your posture causes the contents of your bladder to slosh around. You feel a burning sensation as your urethra floods. You can't stifle a gasp as you press your thighs together. Your body tenses up as you fight the urge to flood your trousers again.

“Calista...” Lucius asks.

“I'm fine,” you insist. Your muscles loosen as the urge passes. You're no longer in immediate danger of wetting yourself, but you can still feel an urgent pressure between your legs. Your pants feel snug about your waist thanks to your bulging bladder, and underneath all of that you can feel your bowels shifting around as well. “Too much to drink before we left the Goblin's Bag and too much magic after is all.” Too much to eat too, you think as the dull ache of a full bowel lingers just behind the sharp, burning sensation of needing to pee so badly. You don't mention that though. It's an unflattering topic, after all.

“Ah. Do you need to... uh...”

“I... think I can hold it until we get Myra to her Uncle's. I'm sure he won't mind letting me use his chamber pot.” Lucius doesn't look convinced. He regards you with a frown, and you have no doubt that he is recalling the way you soaked your pants and nearly filled them back at the inn. But, he seems willing to trust that you can hold it and so the three of you start off.

As you leave the square, buildings crowd in around you. They cast long, deep shadows that seem to eliminate the scant light of the moon. You're still calming Myra, and through that link you can feel her fear building as darkness enshrouds her. It affects you as well, causing you to stare into the blackness with squinted eyes in an attempt to find some beast lurking just beyond your vision and to snap your head around at every perceived motion.

“What kind of potions does your Uncle make, Myra,” you ask, forcing the girl and yourself to focus on something else.

“Um, all kinds I guess,” she says bashfully. “He says the P-Priests mostly w-want purified water so they can make it holy. I d-don't know why they don't just go get water from the wells though,” she responds.

“It needs to be pure to be blessed,” Lucius explains. “Or rather, pure water works better than what comes from the wells or the rivers. Most of the large Temples in town have distillers that do nothing but purify water for blessing. And it's still not enough, so they put out commissions to apothecaries. Your uncle must be very talented if the Priests hire him on a regular basis.”

Mira nods. “L-Last month I had a tummy ache, so Uncle Peter made a potion that made me feel better. Did that... t-thing hurt you, Miss? Uncle Peter will give you a potion if you need one...”

“Not me,” you respond, smiling in thanks. “But some... friends of mine were hurt earlier tonight. We would appreciate any help your Uncle could give us.” You see Lucius nod his agreement.

“I'm sure he'll help you. I... I know he will,” she says. “Grandfather, too. He lives with my uncle. He used to be a Priest. But he's too old to fight anymore. I'm sure he'll help if he can. I... I even bet you two could stay with us. If you wanted.”

You shake your head. “We can't do that, Myra. Lucius and I have a mission, and if we don't complete it an inn full of people could really get hurt.”

“Or die...” she responds, hanging her head.

“Myra,” Lucius says. “Did you see anything else before we met up with you? Any other monsters like the one Calista and I fought?” You feel a spike of fear from the girl, Lucius' question apparently striking a nerve for her.

“I... I thought... I saw a man,” she starts. “H-He was tall... and... he didn't have a shirt on. B-But... he... his body t-twinkled. Like stars. He... he was wearing s-something on his head. Something black. I only saw him for a s-second. Father told me it must have been my imagination, but... but... I'm sure I saw something...”

You share a confused look with Lucius, who can only shrug at the girl's account. Soon, necessity silences your conversation as you come upon another open square. You hide in a long shadow and peer into the square. Twelve corpses shamble aimless across the cobblestones. These wield no weapons like the ghouls you've already encountered, and seem more fragile. But their numbers are a concern. Outnumbered six-to-one, the odds would not favor you. Especially since there is Myra to think about. Not to mention nature's call distracting you, and your urge getting worse alarmingly fast as your body processes the aether you've burned.

“U-Uncle Peter's house is on the other side of this square,” Myra pouts. “H-How are we going to get past?”

“Feel up to another fight, Calista,” Lucius asks.

You look around for other options. “What about cutting through this alley,” you ask. There is a dark alleyway between two buildings. It runs parallel to the square, and with luck there would be an elbow at the other end that would let you bypass the square completely. The shadows stretch long and dark, limiting your visibility. You can feel Myra's fear as she stares into the darkness. There could be anything down that alley. Or nothing at all.

“Well, the city is laid out mostly like a grid. So, chances are we could skirt the square...” his sentence hangs, and you don't need him to finish it. ”There's no telling if we'll run into something even worse in those shadows though,” is what his unfinished sentence says. Still, he looks to you for guidance. Knowing that he has so much confidence in you makes you smile.

”No, all I have to do is prove myself worthy of that confidence...”

1. I'd prefer a straight fight to all this sneaking around.

2. Stick to the shadows.

3. Other.

