Online to Offline - Nadia's Experience

Author: Roleing579

*000*2020-09-16 19:02

A mail that Nadia hoped to see in her inbox was finally there. Her internship at one of the top advertising firms was approved. Her heart was pounding with excitement, as she read through the mail for the 4th time. It was late evening, and her flatmate had traveled back to her home to spend time with her family. Leaving Nadia to spend the weekend alone.

The two girls were classmates. A year ago, they shared a room at the hostel and soon realized a need to move out and find a place of their own. In other words, find a place where they did not have to report to a warden and abide by the rules. Not that they were the rebel kind, but they liked having their freedom.

Nadia fixed herself a drink and walked back to her desk. Given the fact that she was alone in her flat, she did not bother wearing shorts or PJ. A loose/ long t-shirt and pantie were all that covered her body, as she got back to her laptop. Nadia was studying mass communication, and as a part of her course, she needed to intern either in a media house, a radio station, or an advertising firm. Her goals were clear, she wanted to get done with her studies and become a copywriter. Hence, this opportunity of being an intern in an advertising agency would be a great learning experience.

She connected the laptop to her portable speakers and clicked on a playlist titled “Deep House” on Spotify. The night was young, and the bottle was full. Which meant only one thing, get drunk and give into her kinks. Nadia switched to incognito mode and opened Discord. A place where she could interact with people who are like-minded and more importantly shared her kinks.

One of the servers she was a part of was Omo.org. A place where things like wetting, soling, and other stuff related to Omorashi was not considered to be a taboo. Yes, Nadia was insanely driven to such interests for years now.

Nadia smiled when she noticed one of the online people was a profile named “Leaky”. Their chat began when he had responded to one of her role play requests that she had posted a few weeks ago. The two had hit off to a great start, making Nadia felt comfortable talking to this person and vice versa.

Nadia: Hey there!

Leaky: Hello! Hope you’re doing good

Nadia: Yep, just got my internship approved!

Leaky: That’s awesome! I am so happy for you

The discussion between the two was not just centered on their kinks. They discussed a range of topics like gaming, music, art, and also some parts of their personal life. It was strange how Nadia connected to this person who she had never met in real but still felt so comfortable.

Nadia: My roommate’s not home home

Leaky: Now this has to be a great coincidence. I am home alone too! Which means only one thing…

Nadia reads his response and knows exactly what he was hinting at. She raised her t-shirt and noticed her light blue pantie had a wet spot, and it was not pee. She couldn’t help but grin at the sheer naughtiness experienced at the moment, as she drank more vodka off her glass.

Nadia: How about you tell me, I am sure what’s on your mind….

Leaky: You really know how to spice things up you’re alone, so am I… It’s the perfect time to do what we had discussed last night. We end up filling our bladders, and wet ourselves in real…

Nadia experienced a sudden rush of excitement, she hops off her chair and grabs a thick towel. Spreading it neatly over her chair, she settles down feeling the added softness against her butt.

Nadia: Sorry for being such a tease! I think it’s the right moment too. I am wearing nothing but a long t-shirt and pantie. Adding to the details, I am currently seated on a thick towel almost finishing my first drink…

Leaky: Damn, nice setup. Okay, I am currently in my boxers, no t-shirt, and drinking my second pint. Adding to the details, my shaft is growing hard as we speak.

Reading his last response, Nadia’s imagination took over for a few seconds. She tried picturing him in his mind, while her hand slipped between her legs, feeling her growing arousal. Biting her lower lip, her fingers rubbed her smooth pussy for some time more.

Leaky: ??

The sound of the notification brought Nadia back into reality, and she responds…

Nadia: sorry about that, got a little carried away. Tell you what, why don’t we do a role play and continue this game of ours?

Leaky: That sounds like a plan, give me a minute lemme get another pint…

Nadia downs her glass and walks to her kitchen for a refill. She pours herself another drink, and this time she makes sure it’s stronger than the one before. Back in her seat, she thinks for a few seconds wondering what might be a nice plot for them to role-play.

Leaky: I have thought of a plot, I am guessing it might interest you…

Nadia: That’s awesome, can’t wait to read it!

Leaky: Here you go then…

Leaky: A behavioral psychiatrist has always had a keen interest in the field of fetish. Curious as to why so many people are attracted to it, He/She has constantly indulged in various acts that fall under this popular fetish "Omorashi". As not many studies or observations have been conducted on this very topic, He/ She decides to dwell deeper into it. In an attempt to meet people sharing the same fetish, He/ She creates an online community to interact and discuss with like-minded individuals. The community gains popularity, leading to a post that says "If you are ready to be a part of a series of observations related to Omorashi, drop in a mail"...

Nadia reads the plot carefully and instantly falls in love with the idea. What she liked about Leaky was, he was a person who enjoyed a good story when it came to role-playing. There was a fine balance between kinks and the story. Most of their plays so far revolved around how to develop a good story rather than jumping right into the action.

Nadia: This is a great plot, I freaking love it. I can see a lot of potential in this

Leaky: See, I knew you’ll like it! So I have my character ready, let me go ahead and share the details with you.

Leaky:

Name: Noah

Age: 32

Height: 5'9

Built: Athletic

Hair: Black

Profession: Behavioural Psychiatrist

Noah had always been curious about people. The uniqueness, different personalities, varied types of emotional responses; in simple words studying human behavior was his passion. His theories on dating dynamics and sexual chemistry between a man and a woman were two of his works that were hugely recognized and appreciated. Which got him quite a lot of fame and fortune. Noah was the kind of man who loved his job. He needed answers to the complexity of the human mind. One aspect that bothered him or one could say he wanted to understand was fetish. One among the many fetishes which he could call his own was Omorashi. Something about a woman peeing or pooping herself on accident or going in places she shouldn't or just being desperate turned him on so immensely. He also knew that many people experienced the same. So without making a big deal about it, he set up a community where he let people discuss these topics in open.

Nadia: Alright, this is quite interesting. I have a character in mind, and I am sure she’ll fit right into this plot.

Nadia:

Name: Rin

Age: 23

Height: 1m65

Gender: Female

Sexuality: Pan Sexual

Personality: She is a naive girl who trusts others easily. She is always willing to help others and try new things. When she found that someone need help for studying something, she immediately offers to help, even if she has no idea what it is about.

Leaky: I have to agree, she fits right in. I can’t wait to start us off!

Upon seeing the response, Nadia took a large sip off her glass and noticed her nipples were now rock hard. She gently massaged her breast, letting out a soft moan.

Nadia: Why don’t you go ahead and start us off?

It takes a minute for Leaky to type, and while he did Nadia bit her lower lip and intentionally leaked some pee into her pantie. Her pantie instantly turned dark with a wet spot. The smell of urine hit her nostrils, as Nadia gently rubbed her finger over the wetness.

(THE ROLEPLAY)

Leaky: Noah was excited. He was finally about to meet his subject any time now. Mails were exchanged, and the meeting was set up at his clinic. He checked his mail again to confirm her name "It's Rin, okay" he tells himself, sipping black coffee as he waited patiently smoking his pipe.

Nadia: Rin was in now at the front of his building. She checked the address once again, making sure she was at the right place. She didn't know what kind of job had she applied too, but she was happy to be able to help someone else. She knocks on the door,..

Leaky: Noah opens the door "You must be Rin" he says. His voice is deep, but not intimidating. Dressed in his formals, he introduces himself "I am Noah" he smiles.

Nadia: Rin was wearing a blue jean and a tiny white top. When she saw Noah open the door, she stood still. "Nice to meet you Noah, I am Rin." She bowed down.

Leaky: "Please come in, make yourself comfortable," he says directing her to the couch placed right in the center of the room, over a carpet "Would you like some coffee?" he enquirers.

Nadia: Rin enters, and takes a seat, feeling a little intimidated by this new place. "Yes, I would like some coffee thanks." She looks around.

Leaky: Noah's clinic had a blend of antique and modern artifacts. The curtains were thick, making it hard for the sunlight to seep in. But the soft lights lit the room well. He pours her a mug of coffee and takes a seat on the chair "So, what do you do Rin?"

Nadia: She took the mug in her hands, feeling the warmth. "I was working as a cashier, but I recently left the job, searching for a job to help others. How about you?"

Leaky: "Being a cashier can get monotonous at times I suppose" he says, taking another sip from his mug "I am a psychiatrist Rin. I help people deal with their mental health and guide them towards positive ways to cope with life. That's the primary aspect of my profession, and apart from which I also study people. Their fears, what makes them happy, sexuality... and now I am interested in researching a particular subject that can be considered as taboo" he responds to her confidentially.

Nadia: “Yes, I saw that you needed help with your research. This is why I came, I wanted to see if I could help you."

Leaky: Noah smiles and reposition's himself on the chair "I am glad to see you excited about this Rin" clears his throat "But before we take this conversation forward, I'd like to tell you more about this research and what it involves, okay?"

Nadia: Rin finishes her coffee quickly before refocusing on Noah. He sounded serious, and she gets ready to listen to him. "Of course. Please tell me what this is about."

Leaky: Taking a deep breath he responds "So what we are going to do will revolve mainly around a particular fetish called Omorashi. Have you heard about it before?" he enquirers…

Nadia: She thinks about it, but it doesn't remind her of anything. "No, unfortunately, I have never heard about it."

Leaky: "Alright, so Omorashi is a fetish that originally surfaced in Japan. It's sexual, where men and women get aroused by either holding their pee or poop to a point of desperation or wetting or soiling themselves or going in places they shouldn't or just the plain act of watching each other do it" he says and looks at her in silence.

Nadia: Oh...I see.." Rin thinks about it, but it sounds weird to her. She could never think of why someone would like that. But she wanted to be of help, so she looks at him, and checks "So, should I try to keep it in me as long as I can from now? And, just for my pee, or my poop too?"

Leaky: "Okay, firstly I am glad that did not storm out of that door" he smiles "Not many people are very open to this idea at the very start, but I am glad you are Rin. Well, I guess you have got the gist of it. And yes, it will be for both your needs pee and poop" he reaffirms her "I'll give you a few minutes to think about it, after which if you agree I'll tell you more"

Nadia: As soon as he finished talking, she replied. "I will try my best, thank you for letting me help you. And, please, tell me more about it. I want to do my best to help your research"

Leaky: “Alright then Rin, welcome onboard" he shakes her hand again. "So this experiment will take at least a month. So you will have to move into a house that I have specially selected on the outskirts. Don't worry, you're going to love the place. Secondly, to break the ice I will want to start right away. It's a small experiment" He walks up to the refrigerator, and brings a tall mug of lemonade along with a glass. "I will want you to drink three glasses of this right now"

Nadia: “She was never really attached to the current place she was living, so moving to a new one wasn't a bother. "Ok. I'm excited to see the new place." She looks at walking to the fridge before coming closer. Seeing the lemonade "Three? Ok, I will do it right away." She pours one glass before drinking it. It's acid, but she finished it quickly. The second and the third follow quickly, and she put the glass down. "Three glasses, done".

(This is the end of part one, and it's my first attempt in writing a story. So based upon your responses, I am more than happy to build it further )

