Elizabeth’s Unexpected Day

Author: Midd

*000*2018-03-30 20:13

Hey Guys, this is my second story on the Girls of hbe pirates of the Caribbean Universe, this time I will add more parts to the story based on the events of the movie, (hopefully! Someone remind me!) I have tried to stay as true to the movies as possible! C and C welcome and appreciated!

WARNING: Poop desperation and Messing is included, reader discretion is advised if you don’t like it!

Elizabeth Swan, was dreaming.

She was dreaming of the day she met Will Turner, it was a manic day, first she was chastised for singing by a sailor, I mean who cares if it was a pirate song? Really!

Before spotting a boy floating on a raft, next to the boat. She quickly sounded the alarm and the unconscious boy was hauled aboard by the crew, she remembered crouching over him and wondering just who he was, when she felt her full bladder. She immediately awoke to her in her underwear, in her early twenties and crossed her legs and moaned softly.

Elizabeth then got up and crossed the room to where the the chamber pot was kept, noticing her bloated stomach as she walked and figured it would be a good idea to use the privy before starting the day, but as she reached for the pot, she was entranced by the medallion she had taken from Will, all those years ago.

As she picked up the medallion she was interrupted by a loud knocking from the door. She quietly cursed at her father and hurriedly put on a dressing gown and opened the door to her father and maids.

“What are you doing still in bed at This hour?!” He cried, before throwing open the curtains. Elizabeth inwardly groaned at not being allowed the privacy of the privy, before brightening up at the fact her father presented her with a dress.

Elizabeth quickly thanked her father and hurried to undress with her maids, hoping to quickly use the privy, having no secrets from her maids. However as she threw off her clothes and stood there, naked as the day she was made. The maids produced a corset, and immediately started fastening it too her, stating that they were late and had no time to get her ready, Elizabeth gasped, and almost buckled at the knees as massive pressure was placed on her bladder and bowels, bringing her from a state which she could endure for hours to one which demanded a pot to empty herself now.

As these forces were so quickly pushed upon her she had no choice to bob down and place her hand deeply into her womanhood briefly to regain some sort of control, as she did this, her personal maid noticed and moved her hand away before replacing it with her own, surprising Elizabeth and creating a warm feeling down below, electing a small moan from Elizabeth as the raised her arms to let the others place her dress over her shoulders.

“Why must I wear this father? “ Elizabeth asked, peeking her head round the modesty cover in her room. And as her father cheerfully replied it was the latest fashion in London, Elizabeth dryly replied:

“Then women in London must have learned how to not breathe!”

‘And not need to use the bathroom!’ She thought, as the dress descended the maid removed her hand and the abated feeling of her full bladder and bowels increased to worse than they were before. Elizabeth grimaced and the maid simply replied

“Sorry Mi’lady” and smiled with sympathy. If she was not so laboured she might have noticed the youngest maid being unable to keep still and jiggling, her tight dress not leaving much to the imagination with her movements. And as Elizabeth was hurried out she exclaimed

“I’m sorry, I cannot hold it any more!”

Before hurrying over to the chamber pot, pulling it forwards and squatting.

Her moans of relief and the sound of running urine tortured the flustered Elizabeth to no end.

As she hurried Elizabeth quickly stopped to flirt with Will, who had come to the governors house to drop off a sword he had made. She quickly told him of her dream before her predicament returned and she hurried on to the ceremony, Hoping to find some place to relieve her pent up fluid and waste before it was too late.

As they arrived at the fort, Elizabeth scanned her surroundings, but saw nothing, her desperation quickly mounting from a 7 to an 8.5, she was led to her seat and quickly sat down on her heel.

‘At least that will help me hold that’ she thought, but her hopes were dashed as she was told by her father to sit as a lady would.

The ceremony was torture.

Elizabeth slowly realised she was most likely not going to make it, her bladder had started to push on her corset, making her breasts jut out and her constantly need to shift in her seat, this didn’t help her quivering buttocks however, and she had to routinely stop and shove her ass into her seat to stop the waves of desperation from her rear overwhelming her.

Elizabeth Gasped and placed her hand firmly into her lap as a couple of drops leaked into her small clothes, and a small fart escaped her, pushing her poop to the very edge of her sphincter. No longer able to keep still Elizabeth was all but ready to excuse her self so she could retain her dignity when the ceremony was over.

She tried to immediately head to the nearest Privy she knew of, but was cornered and steered away fro there by the newly promoted commodore Norris,

Her bladder couldn’t take this, and started spurting into her underdress, as she was lead to the balcony over the cliff the Commodore proposed.

This was so unexpected to Elizabeth that she only just managed to hold onto her Bowels as her bladder poured out of her. It streamed out of her womanhood before soaking through her saturated underwear and snaking down her legs and pooling at her feet.

It was lucky the party was so loud and her dress was wide and hid most of the sound and mess from Norris’ eyes, and what little sound he heard he put down to the waves down bellow.

The pleasure of the relief and the deadly heat proved too much for poor Elizabeth

Who whimpered

“I.. I can’t breathe”

Before fainting and plummeting over the side and down the cliff, into the ocean.

The next thing Elizabeth knew she was having her corset cut open, and she immediately coughed up half the ocean.

She stood up and immediately noticed that she miraculously had a wavering control of her bowels, which would only remain for a few more minutes judging the pressure on her shaking behind, whilst her bladder she noticed to her horror, was almost unbearably full, due to the numerous cups of wine she had drank over the course of the day, as was expected of her, and due to her having wet her self already, her tired pussy quivered in time with her ass with barely contained desperation.

As she turned to thank her rescuer, a roguish looking character, she noticed a team of soldiers sprinting towards them, with her father and the commodore leading them.

The commodore immediately clapped the man in irons, as Elizabeth meekly protested, whilst trying to hold back the tides inside her, begging to be released.

As the pirate was finally cuffed, he threw the chain around her neck and dragged he towards him, using her as a shield.

This was too much for poor Elizabeth, her tired bladder emptied again and poured back down her legs through her see through and skimpy underwear and through the boards of the dock and into the sea. Whilst this was happening, her quivering bowels finally gave way, and a thick log pushed its way into her now destroyed underwear, making her groin uncomfortably warm, as her poop continued to fill her panties, her see through shift turned brown and started to slowly bulge, along with the crotches of several soldiers as they got a good long look at the governors daughter. Elizabeth was shoved into her father by the pirate as he issued a quip of a one liner, saying

“Gentlemen, this is the day you almost caught, Captain Jack Sparrow!” And legged it.

As she was stood upright, Elizabeth looked down and herself, and felt that unfamiliar tingling feeling in her womanhood again, looked up and Smiled, knowing just how to get rid of it, and who to help her.

I hoped you enjoyed, and please remind me if the second part is not up by tomorrow!

*002*2018-03-31 06:34

Thanks :)

*005*2018-04-01 12:12

Fair warning this chapter contains nudity and gets slightly sexual towards the end, if this isn’t your cup of tea don’t worry, the next bit lacks all of that! As always C and C welcome! Enjoy!

As the soiled Elizabeth was wrapped in a guards cloak to try and preserve what little modesty she had left, and stop her shivering, a runner was sent back to the governors house for a carriage and a hot bath to be prepared for the governors daughter.

As the carriage arrived, a large flask of tea was pressed into Elizabeth’s hands in an attempt to warm her young body. Elizabeth, not really thinking properly, quickly downed most of the flask, and within 5 minutes, her poor exhausted bladder was comfortably full and she was shifting slightly in her seat. The door to the house was opened by Elizabeth’s maids, who immediately grabbed her by either arm and led her up to her chambers, from there they pulled the cloak off her, and one of the pair went downstairs to return it to the guard. Leaving Elizabeth and her personal maid in the room, the maid lifted Elizabeth’s shift over her head, leaving her stood there in the tiniest of modestly coverings, which being white, and wet, weren’t actually being modest, or covering anything from view. Including the massive bulge of brown mass in Elizabeth’s crotch, which was trying to escape from both the front and back ends, after Elizabeth was forced to sit in her mess in the carriage.

The maid removed the covering of her breasts, letting them spill down, her nipples erect due to the cold, and.. other.. reasons.

The maid moved lower and paused, before reaching out and squeezing the large mass at Elizabeth’s behind. Elizabeth gasped, and muttered

“I’m not overly sure this is quite proper, the door is open after all!”

The maid quickly stood up, closed the door the other maid had carelessly left open, before moving back to Elizabeth and slowly pulling her panties, for want of a better word, down.

Once they and most of the mass had been removed, the maid put them to one side and returned with a warm cloth.

“W..what are y..you going to d..do with that?” Elizabeth Shivered

“I need to clean you Mi’lady, before the bath, or you will get a rash, and we don’t want that do we?”

Stated the maid.

She went behind her and crouched down and slowly ran the cloth down in between her buttocks, before removing the cloth and plunging it into the pitcher of warm water and repeating until she was satisfied it was clean.

Elizabeth had closed her eyes at this and was trying to stay as still as possible and ignore her bladder, as she almost jumped as she felt the cloth start caressing her womanhood.

“W..what are y.y..”

Elizabeth started, but was cut off when a soft moan escaped her lips, she was starting to have that tingly feeling return, when the maid halted, placed the cloth into the water with a slight wince, and said

“All clean now Mi’lady”

The maid stood up and walked over to the bath, leaving Elizabeth staring longingly at her as she went.

As the maid picked up the water jug and poured it into the bath, the closed her eyes, crossed her legs and adopted a pained expression whilst bobbing down, which Elizabeth correctly guessed meant she was labouring under her own waters.

By the time the bath was full, Elizabeth was starting to feel uncomfortably full, but determined to let nothing get in the way of her bath.

However, the maid was getting pretty frantic, and was struggling to keep still, waddling around and placing a hand into her crotch when possible. As soon as she had finished, the maid almost begged Elizabeth to run to the privy

“Please Mi’lady” she moaned

“I’ve started to leak, I cannot wait much longer”

Elizabeth decided to have a small moment of fun and ordered the maid to help her into the bath, Making her remove her hands briefly to help her up, and noticing the small squeak that escaped her companion as she did so, once that was completed and Elizabeth had made a rather loud entrance to the water, she granted this request, chuckling slightly as the maid all but ran out the door, but stopped once she noticed the tiny puddle where the maid was standing.

Elizabeth relaxed into the bath, closing her eyes and smiling as she tried to ignore the somewhat urgent messages from her exhausted groin.

However after 15 minutes of bathing, this was becoming impossible, and a hand was buried in her privates once again.

Elizabeth had decided this had gone on long enough, and called for her maid.

Once she appeared it took all of Elizabeth’s strength not to commit very sinful actions to herself right there.

The maid stood shaking with both hands buried deep into her crotch, her dress pulled up to try and increase the pressure into her crotch.

“My dear what is this? I thought you had gone to the privy?”

Asked Elizabeth, that tingly feeling driving her crazy.

“Mi’lady I tried, there was a queue, it was so long! I was just at the front when you called me”

The maid moaned.

“I’m terribly sorry, please fetch me my chamber pot as fast as possible, and then you will be free to use the privy”

Elizabeth replied.

As she said this the maid’s expression dropped to one of abject terror, realising that she was unlikely to last that long. But her duty was stronger than her bladder, and so she hobbled off to fetch the chamber pot from the next room.

As she did this, Elizabeth rose from the bath, then gasped as her bladder, now subject to gravity and free from the waters of the bath and quickly forced a spurt past her now two hands, keeping them warm, and trickling off her alongside the rest of the water, making her need all the worse.

The maid returned and placed the pot on the floor, crouching and emitting a soft hissing sound as she did so. The maid’s eyes went wide and she buried both hands into her crotch with a force so sudden, it took Elizabeth by surprise.

“Pp.. please Mi’lady, I wouldn’t normally ask, but please let me use it first, I cannot hold it any longer!” She cried

Elizabeth was torn on the one hand, she wanted to let the maid save herself from embarrassment and use the privy, however she knew she wouldn’t be quick and was extremely desperate herself, which was punctuated by another spurt into her shaking hands.

“F.. Fine, but you must be q.. quick “

Elizabeth stammered as there maid rushed forward and squatted over the small pot.

The maid moaned loudly in relief as a torrent poured out of her urethra, he legs nearly buckling in relief as it happened. Droplets of piss running down her legs and dress and onto the tiled floor.

Elizabeth however, was starting to lose it. Further sounds of relief and the maid forcefully voiding her poor bladder into the rapidly filling pot, Her naked body was shaking violently and she was writhing around with both her hands buried firmly into her crotch, this wasn’t enough however, and a small stream was slowly winding its way through her hands and snaking its way down her legs.

“I can’t wait any longer, please hurry!”

Elizabeth cried, as the stream slowly thickened.

The maid did the only thing she could do, and thrust both her hands into Elizabeth’s crotch and clamped down as hard as possible. Elizabeth gasped and involuntarily thrust her hips forward into her maids hands, the tingly feeling almost unbearable.

However even this reinforcement proved too little, and with a sigh of both contentment and resignation, Elizabeth fully lost control of her bladder for the third time that day, and the stream turned into a flood. Her large puddle was met by the maids as her own ocean continued to flow over the top of the rather small pot and form a puddle on the floor.

After a couple of minutes both their streams wound off and the maid stood up and embraced the woman, trying to soothe her and leading her back to the still warm bath but as she stopped, Elizabeth grabbed her bum and kissed her, softly grinding against her leg.

The maid paused briefly, before taking one look at the perfectly formed and naked girl in front of her and kissed her back, slowly tracing her hand down towards Elizabeth’s soaking pussy.

I hope you enjoyed this and Happy Easter!

