Beth messes herself on purpose: Part 2 [Translated From Swedish]

Author: wetmartini

*000*2021-07-22 14:54

Warning!

This story contains female messing. If that is not your cup of tea, please be warned.

Foreword

I came across this collection of stories on a Swedish site called sexiganoveller (Eng. Sexy short stories). The site seems a bit defunked, but some of the stores were really good. I really liked this one in particular and thought everyone should be able to enjoy it, so I decided to translate it into English. Some parts have minor changes to work a bit better with English. I also changed the names of the characters, from Elisabet to Beth and Emilia to Emily. It seemed more appropriate. The original author of this story and the follow-ups is PantypoopSverige

. I will try to get the next part translated as soon as possible. Please enjoy.

Beth messes herself on purpose: Part 2

Beth wakes up suddenly. Her stomach still feels a little upset.

She's looks at the clock, it's 9:17 A.M. Her first lecture starts at 10 so she has to get up immediately. She's hungry, but doesn't really have time for breakfast, she decides on yogurt to try to calm her bubbly stomach. While she's eating, she feel the need to let out a little gas. However, she accidentally does more than that.

She doesn't realize it until it is too late. It just comes, completely silent. She feels how the back of her panties suddenly gets hot and wet. She remembers the girl last night and she remembers that she had a dream about pooping herself. In this moment Beth is making a life-changing decision. She's gonna stop holding herself whenever she need to go. If she needs to go, she will just go, wherever she might be.

She finish her yogurt. Her stomach is still upset, but she don't have to go more. The lecture begins in 30 minutes. She hurries to the shower. The dirty panties end up in a plastic bag. She puts on a pair of light blue, rather tight hipsters, jeans and a t-shirt.

Beth knows that this won't be the last time she poop herself today. Her stomach has already decided that she will have about 15 seconds to find a toilet when the time comes, and when the time comes, she might as well ignore it.

Beth walks quickly towards the university and arrives with a good margin. Takes a seat quite far back in the lecture hall where there are almost no others, and picks up the computer. She don't really know why, but as soon as she is connected she googles "pooping yourself". It only gives a lot of hits on forums for parents of young children. She tries "Poop panties" and now she gets more results, including one that says "I poop my pants on purpose". That was technically what she did last night. She reads a bit in what seems to be a forum.

- "DID YOU DO IT ON PURPOSE?" She hears a voice loudly whisper in her ear.

That literally scared the shit out of her. Her stomach is still bad, and when she jumps from the scare, she poops, although only a little. Her best friend Emily has sat down in the row behind her and is now looking amused and surprised at her.

- "For fuck's sake! You scared the shit out of me!”, Beth exclaims.

- "Did I really?", Emily says with a smile.

- "Yes!", Beth says, and adds in a whisper

- "you scared the shit OUT of me, literally".

- "SERIOUSLY?!" Emily whispers very loudly.

- "What's wrong with you, Beth?"

- ”Schhhh! I just checked the internet a bit.”

- "Do you watch people who deliberately go number two in their pants?"

Emily looks at Beth with a hesitant expression.

- "So... You know when you saw me yesterday, it wasn't really an accident..."

Emily is quiet.

- "I was a little... you know..." Beth looks around, no one else is close by.

- "I was a bit... loose.. like in my stomach, although I could easily have held it until I was home."

Emily laughs and whispers:

- “I can not believe you actually pooped! Why didn't you just hold it?”

- "Yeah I know, but isn't it quite.. you know.. unnecessary?" Beth asks.

- "I was sick to my stomach and I mean it didn't really feel necessary to hold it."

Emily looks completely confused.

- "But wasn't it kind of really messy and disgusting? ..and the smell too!"

- "It wasn't that bad, honestly." Beth says.

- "It was actually kind of... nice."

Emily laughs in disbelief, but she still have kind of a curious look on her face.

- "You must be completely mental Beth."

Beth continues to think about how it felt.

- "It probably just felt nice because my stomach was upset. It just kind of came. I didn't really have to push."

Emily has a mixed facial expression now.

- "The chili kebab?" she asks.

- "I think so," says Beth with a smile.

There is a pizza place near the university that has a specialty which is kebab with a very hot dressing and a lot of garlic. At the university, it is known for upsetting stomachs.

- "How's your stomach now?" Emily asks.

- "I'd say it's somewhere between OK and bad, since I accidentally pooped a little when you scared me." Beth says with shame.

- "So you have poop in your panties now?", Emily asks with gaping mouth.

- "Well, it's just a little... like, I can feel it's sticky between my butt cheeks." Beth feels her face turning red as she says it.

She decides not to be ashamed, and to tell Emily what she decided this morning.

- "I have decided never to hold again."

Emily sits down beside her.

- “So you're saying you will just just poop yourself at any time?"

- "Yea, I think so.. Or at least when I really need to go.. If I'm close to a toilet, I can just go there like normal, but if I'm not, I guess I would just as well go in my pants."

- "What if you need to pee then?" Emily asks.

- "I don't know. It shows more. But if I'm alone, it's not really necessary to hold the pee either. Plus it dries quickly in the summer heat."

- "You're either mentally ill or possibly a genius, I don't know.", Emilia says with a concerned smirk.

The lecture begins. The topic is not that interesting and Beth continues to read in the forum.

Emily reads with growing interest over her shoulder. Suddenly Beth feels a pressure in her lower region. She realizes what that means. She still has a bad stomach, if she farts she may risk pooping again. But she has promised herself not to hold it and the pressure is growing fast.

- "Emily!", she whispers.

Emily turns to her.

- "I'm pretty sure I'm gonna shit myself in about 15 seconds."

- "For real?", Emily asks with wide eyes.

- "Yes, I have a building pressure in my stomach and I've had diarrhea since last night"

- "Okay.. okay, okay. Ehrm. Can you... or.." Emily gets very excited and she blushes a bit.

- "I just lift myself up a little and let it come, right?" Beth asks.

- "Yes! Do it! Will it sound anything?"

- "I don't know, but it is coming now!"

- "Wait, I'm going to record this!" Emily exclaims, fumbling with her iPhone.

- "Hurry up! It's coming in my pants now!" Beth exclaims with a painful expression.

Emily starts filming just when Beth lets go. They can hear wet bubbly sounds, as Beth lets out a slight gasp of relief. For Beth however, the feeling of it is so much more noticeable. It starts with a silent fart that gets hotter and hotter until it finally feels wet. The wet heat spreads beneath her, and at first feels just like very hot air. Then Beth realizes that it is not air at all but simply runny hot poop that has spread in the panties and which now covers a surface about as big as a coaster.

Everything is over in a few seconds. Beth has pooped herself again.

- "Holy shit!" Emily exclaims in a whisper.

- "You crapped yourself in the middle of a lecture!"

Beth says nothing, but slowly lowers herself into her chair. The wet, hot mass sticks to the skin and is pressed out over her ass. She breathes heavily as her heart races from the sensation.

- "Was it... nice?" Emily asks.

- "Yes! As hell. I thought it would mostly be like a wet fart."

- "But… it wasn't?" Emily asks curiously.

- "I just let go a pint of diarrhea in my pants!"

They look at each other and then burst out laughing. The lecturer is interrupted by the noise, and suddenly everyone in the hall is looking at them.

- "Excuse us!", said Beth.

- "We just had a small accident!" Emily adds, and they both explode in giggles.

The lecturer continues.

- "Beth!" Emily whispers.

- "What?"

- "I'm a little hungry .. would you like a.. Chili kebab or something?"

Beth looks at Emily who looks very sneaky.

- "Yea, I guess. But you know what it does to stomachs."

- "So?"

- "My stomach would NEVER get upset from it" she adds and winks with one eye.

Beth needs to fart again, although it's not a fart this time either. She wonders what it will be like to stand up.

To be continued..

