The Party Bathroom LINE of Shame (female AND male desperation)

Author: Rick Dixon

*000*2018-04-02 19:28

Chapter 1

Jess was a hot, mid twenties woman at a neighborhood party. Her huge boobs in that tight black top matched her tight jeans a she walked in those high heels. She went to the bathroom to freshen up halfway through the night after everyone already had plenty of drinks and danced in the house. No one was outside the bathroom yet to wait. So Jess took her time. She didn’t even need to pee. She saw a makeup kit on the shelf above the toilet and went to grab it.

For some reason she had not been thinking and left the top of the toilet seat up, so she was balancing on the sides. As her legs wobbled, her boobs caused the weight of her body to unbalance as she tripped and her foot went straight into the toilet.

“Shit that hurt!” She said. As she felt the pain ease in her ankle she looked down and said, “oh gross.” She tried to step out of the toilet but she did not. Her foot was stuck! “Crap!” The cold toilet water sent a chill up her spine and she shivered then after regaining focus heard a knock at the bathroom door.

“Um...hello?” Someone on the other side said awkwardly. And in discomfort .

“Um,” Jess said. “Just a minute.”

Amanda was on the other side of the bathroom door in the hallway. As Jess unwillingly occupied it, Amanda stood there in her latex black tight short shorts that showed off her long white shiny legs. She wore flips flops, and a white hoodie sweater. Her brown hair tied up. She had a few glasses of wine tonight and was a bit upset she did drank that much in a full house with one bathroom. She looked worried as he fingers twiddled over each other and she gave a hop here and there to squirm the discomfort away.

Not long after Chris showed up. A tan, in shape fellow with brown hair, glasses, fresh shaved face, and black t shirt and tight blue jeans. He was always a little awkward over his need for a bathroom. The fact he now had to wait behind a hot girl like Amanda only made him more shy.

Erin had just had a great night dancing with her friends. She smiled as she went upstairs, each step another pulse to her well filled bladder. One of those hot brunettes with a perfect model body who held it until the last minute. Boy, would she regret it tonight. Her sparkling short black dress in high heel black boots made her a treasure for any mans eyes. “Ah shit!” She said. Seeing two people in front of her. She held the sides of her dress as she looked down at the door and asked if the person was going to be a while as she felt her panties in danger of being flooded and her facing huge embarrassment.

Amanda knocked. “Um, you’ve been in there a while. Like five minutes. Something.” She was getting nervous. Nerves tensing up would not help her bladder hold. Her back foot kicked back and stood on the toes. Her exposed legs squeezed tight.

In the bathroom, after numerous hard pulls off the wall Jess’s foot remained stuck in the toilet. Keeping a needed potty break from everyone on the other side of the door. “Almost done!” She said. Then something bad happened. She looked to the sink and saw the faucet had stated to drip....drip....drip.....“Oh, oh....”. That and the feeling of toilet water on her foot, and being so close yet so detailed form relief Jess felt the drinks in her bladder start to boil. She moaned as she grasped her crotch and grinder her teeth.

TO BE CONTINUED....

*003*2018-04-05 04:08

CHAPTER 2

Darla was in good shape for a young woman her age. A quiet, shy girl with dirty blonde hair, wearing a tight green sleeveless top that night and tight tan pants that cut off at the ankles. She wore flip-flops, and had a nice hard, thick ass. A little bit of an Australian accent on her. She did not want to be here. It was her home. Her sister hosted the party, and all Darla wanted was a quiet night in her room reading. Turned out to be a night of drinking and walking past guys she thought were cute as hell, but no nerves to ask out. As she sat crossed-legged at the kitchen counter she decided, "I have to go to the bathroom." Feeling a pressure like a weak punch going off one after the other in her bladder.

She made it upstairs, and to Darla's disgust, a LINE for the BATHROOM. Her house, a party she did not want, and now she could not even use her own freaking bathroom. Amanda remained with a sad face at the front of the line with tight legs, then Chris behind her with his muscular calfs in those skinny jeans as he pressed his hands on his crotch keeping his legs shut tight as well and keep his plumbing in check. Both of them felt their pressure's slowly building up more fierce. Erin however, with now her friend Emma behind her in a shorter dress that was light blue and sparkling and silver high heels, she was a beautiful blonde in an ugly problem. Both had their arms around their own bodies and they bounced. They were past mere pressure and in a constant, hot pulses of pain.

Behind Emma and in front of Darla were two guys here age. Paul, a tall blonde guy with muscle and a red shirt and black shorts and flip flops, and Mike who was tall, tan, messy brown hair like a surfer out of the water, and wearing tight black dress pants, blue socks with sandles, and a white dress shirt. As he crouched over holding his crotch behind Paul...Paul held tight arms around his own torso and his legs out tapping his foot. His glasses fogged a little from the sweating. He had drank a couple glasses of water after a couple beers. His bladder was no strong to begin with. "You've gotta be kidding me," Darla said, almost about to cry. "Oooooh just my fucking luck!" Her legs tight together and legs staying as still as her feet paced fast in place.

Jess was desperate, foot stuck in toilet and in bathroom. Outside the door next to come in was Amanda, then Chris, then Erin, Emma, Paul, Mike, and Darla. A line of seven squirmers, all very uncomfortable.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*007*2018-04-10 13:56

Chapter 3

Amanda's bare clear legs were crossed tight at the front of the line. She could not stop bouncing. Sometimes crouching down till her butt hit her feet just to deal with the he pulses. Her hands over her face as she could not emotionally deal with this issue that was now physically painful. She knocked and yelled, "Come on! It's been like 25 minutes! Please, there's a freaking line out here."

Chris was crouched down with his back against the wall pulling on his handsome hair. His eyes shut from the pain and impending humiliation of wet pants. "I can't." He whispered to himself.

Meanwhile everyone else in line squirmed for their lives as they felt they might start any second. Darla on the other hand had her legs crossed and back bent over which stretched her light tan pants tighter over her butt. Digging into her bloated bladder. She wanted to cry. Hell a couple tears already came out. "Oooooohhh!" she moaned. Her belly feeling like it would pop from her bladder. "I'm gonna pee my pants!" She turned red, blushed at the cheeks. This was all humiliating enough. She did not need to have an accident on top of it.

Inside the bathroom Jess remained with her foot stuck in the toilet. She could barely pull anymore as her bladder only ached from being so full. Between her drinks earlier, the dancing which helped push it through her body, and now the dripping faucet and feeling of toilet water, she was ready to blow any second. She unzipped her jeans and stuck her fingers inside of her to plug up. Grind her teeth, sweated in terror, squirmed in agony. The leg of the foot in the toilet was numb and felt like little needles in it. The other one which pushed against it to hold in her pee, and keep her standing up, that leg was bound to give out as well. Her legs were tired, and becoming like jello. She heard Amanda knock ten times fast and hard. Jess said, "JUST WAIT ONE MINUTE!" She heard everyone's moans outside the door as she could only imagine their desperation was worse than hers.

Paul was now holding his crotch tight with both hands. Legs tight together, ankles crossed as he bounced and shook. He felt like his bladder increased in size every half minute. It was painful now. Like holding in a rock. He ran up to the front of the line, wrestled with the door handle, then knocked with fury. "Come on! It's been half and hour. We're dying out here."

Erin and Emma watched as they had their arms crossed around their torso's and legs crossed in their pretty, short dresses as well. "Oh my GOD!" Emma said in a roughed-up voice. "Come on Erin, you were my ride here. Let's just go to your house, pee, and come back. I'm not going to make it much longer."

Erin blushed and bounced. She moaned, "Oh, but if we go downstairs all the guys will see us squirming like little, helpless girls. It's embarrassing."

Emma was shocked. Her eyes wide, lips trembled as she felt rage. "Are you fucking kidding me? More embarrassing than pissing your panties in front of all these people?" She bounced around in a circle with her eyes closed, trying to contain herself. She had not been waiting longer than Erin, but seemed worse off. It was not like Emma to hold in her pee this long.

"Are you ok?" Erin asked her friend.

Emma whispered. "It's just...mmmmmm...I have to go the other way as well." She then rubbed her belly. Emma had to pee AND poop.

"You couldn't do that one before you came here? You don't do that at a party."

"Whoever is in the bathroom now clearly is! Besides, I think it was the steak bites they put out. They took them out of the oven and wanted me to taste test. I saw it was all bloody so they put them back in to cook. Raw meat always caused me issues. My stomach feels like it's on fire."

"For the love of-." Erin stopped herself, locking her knees together as she felt a couple drops almost escape, but she caught them at the last minute. She sweat so much she had to wipe her head every few seconds. Things were VERY serious now.

They saw Paul back off against the door, still holding his crotch. He bit his lip as the pressure became explosive. "Ah fuck this!" With that, he went downstairs. "I'm going in the bush. Forget this crap." As he reached the end of the stairs down, he walked through the crowd of people. His legs crossed on the upper half, trying to hold himself without getting noticed. But the crowd danced and bounced around. Paul kept getting hit from left, right, all around. Each hit making his bladder pulses each become like electricity. He froze as a couple spurts stained his boxers underwear. His eyes teared and body shook from the anxiety. There was not much time left. This could NOT happen here.

He made it out the front door, ran to the back of the house but started to get another spurt, then another, each popped out one after the other. It was now or never. Still on the side of the house, Paul pulled down his shorts and boxers down, and let out a long, hard, hot piss. "Oooooooh..." he said in relief. The stream hit the side of the house and he smiled and closed his eyes, still pissing, very relaxed.

Then, lights shined on him. He turned around shocked, his crotch aimed at the police officers with their flashlights.

"Hands behind you back, now!" the officer said. Paul, with his shorts still down around his ankles, legs shaking, could not believe this. The officer handcuffed him, and pulled him away. "We got a call about noise complaints, but what you're doing is a sexual offense."

"Wait, officer please," Paul said, so very worried. Paul was pushed towards their cruiser, and everyone saw through the windows Paul's naked, shiny ass. They laughed so hard it could be heard through the glass windows. Some came outside to take pictures. As Paul's heart raced from the humiliation, and likely court date, he watched the officer tell everyone to go back inside as his partner through Paul in the cruiser (pulling his shorts up first). But it was too late. The damage was done. His reputation was over.

Meanwhile inside, everyone in line was bouncing around more than ever. Chris wrapped his arms around himself bouncing up and down till his ass touched his back ankles and then back up. Amanda cried tears that flooded her cheeks and turned them red. She felt her pee pushing out through her weakened crotch muscles. There was not much time left for these two who had been waiting the longest.

Emma's belly made a huge growl that made her freeze, eyes widened in terror, as everyone turned to her and made her blush. Her ass cheeks squeezed tight, sweat on her forehead, and the butterflies and nerves did not help the burning, huge pulses of pressure that were overcoming her. Would she really shit her panties in front of everyone? The fear drove her nuts.

Until next time....

*009*2018-04-10 17:12

Ok everyone, I finished the chapter above. ^^^^^^^ enjoy! Let me know how it went!

*015*2018-06-22 06:45

{{4 hours ago, trackboy said:

Don't you love how pigs just appear out of nowhere? if i was paul i would had knocked the pig out and ran and got away. we are sovereign citizens and the state only has the rights we give it.

}}

Shut up. You wouldn't do that. Don't act tough behind a computer screen

*017*2018-06-26 20:38

{{46 minutes ago, Anubis said:

Lol, seriously? Then you would only get extra charges added on top of that, such as resisting arrest and assaulting police officers. Plus... you'd get your ass kicked if you tried it.

@Rick Dixon

, hopefully there will be more to this story sometime in the future. It's definitely entertaining how all of this is happening because someone got their foot stuck in a toilet. I love it!

}}

I would love to finish. However, the person who I was in a deal with for this seems to have flaked out, maybe they got busy, I don't know. Unless someone wants to do a story for me, based on my outline, I don't see finishing this.

*022*2018-06-27 21:43

Is there a way to block users? Lol

{{17 hours ago, rfthawne said:

So I'll admit I've never posted before, mainly just been lurking, that said, I've really been wanting to try writing something, so if you have an outline and don't mind a newbie taking a shot at it, I'd be eager to give a try at finishing this over a couple chapters. Not wanting to step on your toes Anubis, just offering myself if you're busy.

}}

It would be a different story. I’ll messafe you

