Three Sisters and a Caretaker

Author: Kinglear07

*000*2021-07-26 03:51

Hello all!

This is a very important story to me. Its one that i have ruminated on for months, and I finally decided it was time to put it down into words. The story is completely fictional, and its a combination of a bunch of different scenarios I came up with in my head, all wrapped up into one big story. So far I have 14-ish parts planned for the story, with three and a half of them written already. I've had more desire to finish this story than any other i've started before, so hopefully i can do that!

DISCLAIMER!!!

This story includes both wetting and messing, as well as sexual themes (at times). I understand messing is something that's not for everyone, so if you are not into that, no need to go ahead, because nearly every chapter will include it. As for the sex, I'm not sure how much people are into that on here as well, but it felt important to have it in the story. Wetting and messing, as well as diapers, is a sexual act in my mind, so naturally sexual acts followed suit. So, just giving fair warning. Everyone in the story is 17 or older, and its implied (AND STATED HERE) everything is consensual, in case there are any issues with that (which there wont be.)

Lastly, i genuinely want people to let me know what you think! I am a writer by trade, so I am hoping my story writing has improved, or improves over the course of the story. So please, leave your thoughts, and let me know if you like it, dislike it, whatever you want. Thank you, and happy reading!

###

I consider myself very blessed. I have lived a mostly normal life, what is more or less successful throughout school, never got into any trouble, and have been mostly happy but entire time. I say this, because what happens over the next year of my life is something that I never thought I would deserve, but nonetheless have enjoyed more than anything else. So without further ado let me dive into the story.

My name is Steve, And I have a girlfriend named Millie. Millie is 19 years old, and I am 21. Millis is 5'9, has long brown beautiful hair, and both big boobs and a big butt. The age difference is no bother, because we both met while we are in college. We've been going out for about 2 years now, and it's safe to say we are both head over heels for one another and expect to meet together for a very long time. But, it should come snow surprise that things were not always easy.

And I should mention, because her mother married multiple times, it wasn't just Millie that was struggling. She also has an 18-year-old "stepsister," and a 17-year-old "stepsister". I use quotations, because since her mother married multiple guys, some already with children, so it's hard to keep track of who is whose child. The Important thing to know is, they were raised somewhat like cousins or sisters at times, and were apart at other times. But they always kept in touch, and looked out for one another. They truly love each other, and got through the worst of their childhood together.

Millie comes from a very difficult background of a broken home. Her mother divorced multiple times, and moved around a bunch of times as well. Since she always stayed with her mother, she never really had a father figure in her life, And that was very difficult for her. Moreover, her mother is exactly the best role model as well. She drank, smoked, and never really cared about Millie's well-being. So, ever since Millie went off to college, she's more or less had to look out for herself and figure out things for herself. And she wasn't really any good at it either. Well she did turn out to be a mostly normal, healthy person, she was quite emotionally stunted and not really ready to take on the world.

That is, until she met me. Once we first saw each other, it was like fireworks. I won't go into the details, but we knew right away that we were meant for each other. We had so many of the same interests, we love spending time together, and we just worked so well together.

After a first year of dating, we moved in together. This happened for a number of reasons. One, I really had no objection to it, and it certainly was a money saver. Two, and more importantly, she really needed it. As I said was her broken home situation, moving back in with her mother wasn't an ideal option. So moving in together really was the best decision for everyone.

Not long after that, we discovered that we were even more compatible than we thought. Millie's stunted emotions, made it so she... How do I put this delicately. For lack of a better term, Millie has daddy issues. And no, I don't mean she treats me like her father, or calls me daddy all the time in bed. But she looks up to me for guidance, and she looks to me to help her with a lot of things in her life. Not quite like a father/daughter relationship, but more so a big/little relationship. And more often than not, this usually manifested sexually in more ways than anywhere else.

It's here where I should mention, this is a very sexual story. Because Millie has a particular kink that I absolutely love. I already mention the big/little dynamic, but it goes deeper. I'll just be blunt: Millie's stunted upbringing means she never really learned to be potty trained. Her parents never bother to train her, so eventually she had to train herself. And she didn't do a good job. So she's had plenty of accidents in her lifetime, both wet and messy. She's learned to live with it and it doesn't bother her anymore, especially since she's so careful.

However, after she told me about this a few months into our relationship (when we started getting serious), I felt like I had died and gone to heaven. I immediately told her I have a fetish for girls that wet and mess themselves anywhere, any time, any how. She was so scared of telling me, but when I told her this, she just melted and smiled so big. Right then we KNEW we were made for each other.

So over time, things blossomed. The big/little thing didn't happen right away. But with Millie wetting and messing herself quite often, and the sexual nature it very quickly took, Millie began looking to me for the fatherly figure she never had growing up. Obviously she didn't see me as her father, but she definitely treated me like the big to her little (at least, in bed, and in more serious times when maturity was needed).

Millie was more than happy to begin wetting and messing herself to my measure. We would often be out and about or chilling at home, and she would just go. To this day, each time is still as exciting as the last. And we're still learning more about it every day. But damn, it's certainly incredible.

All of this exposition is to say, that Millie and I really feel perfect for one another both emotionally, physically, and sexually. And this is a good jumping off point to take us to present day.

"Good morning Steve" said Millie, as we woke up to the sound of our alarm.

"Good morning Millie, how are you honey"

"I'm good, did you sleep ok?"

"Sure did, and you?"

"Pretty much, although I did have to go in the middle of the night" she said with a bit of a pout.

"Aw, did you make it to the toilet?"

"No I didn't!" Said Millie, as she pulled of the covers. Underneath I saw her in just her pretty cotton panties, now almost entirely drenched with urine. Somehow, only some of it managed to soak into the bed. Although it's not like we cared, we have many sets of sheets and a mattress protector for exactly this reason.

"Aw that's ok my love!" I say as I give her a kiss. "No need to worry! Besides, you know I love when you can't help yourself!" I giver her crotch a good rub, allowing myself to get hard as well.

"Oh I know you do honey! If you play your cards right today, I just may have another treat for you too!" Millie said with a wink. I already knew what this meant, and I looked at her with knowing eyes.

"Oh please do, you know I love treats!

"Hold on there pal, let's get started on our day first!

"Yes dear..." I said, feigning disappointment. As much as I would love to jump her bones right now, we both did have plenty to do today. It was a Saturday, which meant we had chores to do, errands to run, and all that good stuff. So with that we got out of bed.

Millie went to rinse off and change, while I went and sat in front of the computer for a while. Before long, she was ready to go. She put on a simple t shirt and a pair of Nike running shorts. Millie is fairly active and certainly a healthy eater, so this look complemented her gorgeous slender-yet-thick frame perfectly. And with that, we headed off to the grocery store.

As we were shopping, I could tell Millie really had to go. Weather she knows she does it or now, she tends to squeeze her butt cheeks together when she has to poop. And on top of that, she starts to walk a little funny. But as I said earlier, Millie doesn't always recognize when she needs to go.

"Baby, it looks like you have to go poop, want to run to the bathroom?"

"Do I? Huh, I guess I do. But here? Ew, the restrooms in here are nasty. I'll hold it until we get home.

"Can you do that?" I say, incredulously.

"Probably not!" Millie said with a devilish grin.

It was here where I knew this was my prize for today, and oh boy I couldn't wait for it.

Another 20 minutes went by and we were nearly done, but I could tell Millie was nearing her breaking point. Even when she knows she has to go, she can't hold it for very long.

Millie and I went up to the checkout counter, and as I started loading our groceries onto the counter, she suddenly stood very still.

This was also classic Millie. When she stood still, that means her need for the toilet was too much, and she was right at her breaking point.

I stood up to pay for my groceries, making small talk with the cashier, when Millie suddenly grabbed my hand and stood right next to me.

I didn't make any sudden moves, but I knew what was happening. She grabbed my hand and moved it to her butt, a move she knew i absolutely loved.

As I put my card in the card reader to pay for our groceries, Millie let out a monster of a poo into her panties, with my hand feeling every bit of action. I immediately popped a huge boner, but it was luckily in a hidden position. Use It came out rather quick, but also rather solid (luckily, since we were in public.) It pointed straight out, tenting out her Nike shorts and growing her a tail almost 3 inches long. It was damn near impossible for me to focus, because it seemed to take a lifetime. However, the whole process only lasted a few seconds. Millie's monster poo was out of her, sitting happily between her butt cheeks. You could tell she looked flushed, but she acted it off so well. In one quick motion, she waved her hand like she was hot, took off her sweater, and tied it around her waist with no one any the wiser. I took my card, grabbed our cart, said goodbye to the cashier and walked out of the store with Millie.

"Oh my GOD babe, what was that!"

"Did you like that?" She said to me, beaming. "I wanted to poop for you out in public again! I know I don't do it often, and I worked up the courage to all morning!

"Aw baby, why'd you do that for me?" I said.

Millie thought for a second, then said: "Steve, I love you more than I ever thought possible. You've been the only good thing in my life these past few years, and I have to reward that. You've saved me! So it's only fair I give this to you."

I was just about to cry from how sweet this was, until she said this:

"Besides, I'm honey as all hell right now, and this massive shit is going to make for some great love making when we get home"

My tears turned into a grin, and my boner nearly tore through my zipper.

"Millie, I am never ever letting go of you." I said.

"I know" she said. "Which is why I'll never stop being your dirty little girl!"

I kissed her as we walked to the car. I placed my hand in her behind, feeling her poop tail sticking out. It was so hot, I couldn't help but give her a little squeeze. She gave a light yelp, but didn't protest: Millie loves it when I play with her when she's dirty.

I loaded our groceries and got in the car. Millie sat down in the passenger seat, smashing her poop down into her underwear, up her crack and into her grundle.

"Ahhhhhh" she said contentedly as she sat.

"That feels so nice. I almost don't want to change out of this when I get home!"

"Then don't! You know I don't mind! I can change you later if you want."

"We'll see how I feel!" She said, with a smile on her face.

We drove home. Millie absentmindedly played with herself a little as we went. She always was horny after she wet or messed herself. I tried to keep my eyes on the road, but it was hard! I made it a little easier on myself by placing a hand on her crotch. We drove home in absolute bliss.

Once we got home, we unloaded the groceries. We were about to settle down for the afternoon, when we heard a banging at the door."

"Who could that be?" I said with a start.

"I don't know!" Millie said. "But you better answer it because of got shit in my pants!

I tried to surprises a laugh, as Millie went to hide around the corner. I opened the door, only to see a pair of familiar faces.

"Harper? Taylor? What are you two doing here?"

Harper and Taylor are Millie's two step sisters. They shared the same mother, but all had different fathers. Harper is 5'8, with beautiful long brown hair, big butt and average breasts. And Taylor is a but smaller, at 5'4. She has flowing bright red hair with some auburn streaks in it, freckles all around, and a normal sized butt and boobs.

When Millie heard me say their names, she burst out from her hiding spot.

"Harper?? Taylor?? Oh my gosh what's going on!"

Her smile quickly faded, as did mine. Harper and Taylor didn't look happy at all. As a matter of fact, I think they were crying.

"Hi guys... Can we come in? Mom is gone, and we have no idea where else to go..." Said Harper.

"Oh that bitch!" Millie said angrily. "She just up and left??"

Seeing Millie so angry must have struck or cord, because both Harper and Taylor started tearing up again. I stepped in:

"Come in, get in here! Gees of course you can be here, please sit down and tell us what happened."

Harper and Taylor walked in and sat down on the couch. They looked pretty bad. Harper was dressed in a pretty old, but plain dress that came to her knees. Taylor had on a t shirt and leggings.

"Oh it's horrible guys" said Harper. "We woke up this morning and the house was empty! Mom just left. All she left us was a note saying she ran off with another guy, and that she wasn't paying for the house anymore. It was pretty obvious she wasn't coming back, so we packed up as much of our stuff as we could, threw it in the car, and drove here."

Millie was seething. "So help me god if I could find her and beat her ass!! I can't believe she did this..."

I looked over to the girls, still looking rather forlorn. I looked to Taylor, the younger of the two girls, who hadn't said anything yet. She saw me, and took that as her que to speak up.

"We didn't know where to go." She said, quietly. "We have no one else but you Millie. Will you help us?"

"Yes absolutely! You can stay here as long as you like and we'll do whatev--" Millie replied. But before we she continued, I had to cut her off.

"Woah woah woah. Now, of course you two can stay here as long as you like, of course you're welcome. But this isn't that easy! Taylor, you're still in highschool! We have to call and talk to somebody or the police are going to go looking for you! And Harper, you're 18, I know you graduated. But what are you gonna do? Get a job? Go to college? There's a lot of things we need to figure out here."

Now, everyone looked pretty darn sad, and I feel I may have worried people a little too much. Then, quiet Taylor spoke up once more.

"Fuck that!"

Her cursing surprised me, although not that much considering their situation.

"I hate that high school. I'll call whoever I need to, I'll take the GED, I was gonna be a senior anyway. Everyone always build me there anyway..."

Taylor and Harper shared a knowing look while she said that last part. I was about to ask why she was bullied, when I looked over at Millie, who was screaming at me with her eyes to not say anything. I wasn't sure why, but I'm sure she would tell me later. So Instead I said:

"Ok Taylor that's a good plan. And as for Harper, I'm sorry if I sounded harsh. You two can stay here as long as you need to get back on your feet. You know we love you both!"

Taylor and Harper finally broke out into a smile, and all of us stood up at once for a group hug. But in the middle of this big, I noticed a few things strange. For starters, it sounded like I heard something very crinkly underneath Taylors leggings. Did she have a diaper on? And before I could ruminate on that, during our hug my leg was up against harpers legs, which felt... Wet? Did she walk through water? Or pee herself? What was going on here? I looked over at Millie, who I could tell was going through the exact same thought process as me. But before we could say anything, Harper spoke up:

"What smells??"

We all backed out of the hug. Millie looked at me wide eyed, then at Harper and Millie. But then, it looked like she had an epiphany.

"Wait a second... Harper, Taylor, come here a second. She grabbed both their arms and hurried out of the room. I was left standing there, unable to get a word out before they were in the next room, door shut! I say down and waited. It was maybe 10 or 15 minutes, and I was very nervous as to what was happening. Then, they came back out.

"Steve, can you come here a second?" Millie said. I walked over to the room, and sat down.

Millie spoke: "Steve, there's no easy way to say this, so I'll just say it. Harper and Taylor are like me."

"Like you? In what way?" I said, very confused.

"You know how I told you about how mom never potty trained me? So I did it myself, unsuccessfully? Well, apparently this runs in the family. Harper never potty trained herself either, and apparently Taylor never quite made it out of diapers."

I was astounded. This was a mind blowing revelation, although it made so much sense all at the same time.

"Oh. OH!" I said. "Well, that's more that ok! Did you tell them I--"

"Yes I did," Millie cut in.

"And that we--"

Yes I did!" Millie cut in again.

I looked over to Taylor and Harper, and Harper spoke up.

"When I smelled what I thought I smelled, I couldn't believe it at first. But then when Millie explained, I was relieved! On the way over here, Taylor and I didn't know how we were going to explain to you both that... Well, that we essentially need someone to take care of us. To help us with our bathroom needs..." She said, embarrassed.

Taylor then continued: "I kept trying to tell her it wouldn't be a big deal, but she was so nervous. But look how it worked out! Millie has a big old poop in her pants right now!"

We all laughed at that, and it seemed to lighten the mood. After our laugh, I continued talking.

"So, wow! This is a pretty big moment for everyone then! So... What's the plan?" I said, tentatively.

"Well..." Harper spoke up. "We were talking with Millie, and we were hoping that maybe... Maybe you'd take care of us like you take care of her?" She said, expectantly.

Now, it was my turn to be confused. I stood up: "Excuse us a moment!" I took Millie into the other room.

I shut the door and said: "what exactly is going on here??"

Millie said quietly, "Steve, hush! Harper And Taylor are scared. They don't know what to do, where to go, and they took a big step coming here. On top of that, they have no one to take care of them, just like I didn't! So we got to talking and figured, you'd be able to step in and help them out, just like you did for me!"

"Oh!" I said. "Well, that's all well and good, but you want me to take care of them how? Like, as a helpful family member? Or their bathroom habits too?"

"Everything, Steve. They can't take of themselves. Harper can't make to the bathroom just like me, and she can't change Taylors diapers anymore. They Are just too broken. And they need you to do this for them, just like you do it for me."

"Honey, I can do whatever they need me to, no questions asked! But, you realize this is a problem right? I get INSANELY aroused every time I see you wet and mess yourself. And now, you're asking me to do the what I do for you, to two more girls? Take care of them, hold them, change them? What will you do when I inevitably get turned on? What if something happens?" I was getting lost.

Millie spoke softly to me. "Let it happen Steve. Their wellbeing is way more important right now. And when you get turned on, that's ok. I love my sister's, they are family. They know you're mine. We'll talk about this more later. But hear this: it is more than ok for you to be turned on."

She said the last part to me with a bit of... Eagerness? That was something I need to think about. But, we were gone from the girls too long, so we rushed back outside.

"Ok, Harper, Taylor. You two are so very welcome here as long as you need. And, as we now have all discussed, I understand you share Millie's issues of not being able to get to the bathroom on time pretty often. Harper, don't worry. I will be there for you, for whatever you need. And Taylor, we'll get you some more diapers, and I am more than happy to change you whenever you need too."

Once I was finished, both Harper and Taylor started crying! Tears of joy though, as I could see them smiling. Millie then started crying too, as they all went in for another hug. I joined in too!

A few seconds into this hug, we heard Harper start peeing herself! It spurted out from her dress in full force, hitting the wood floor loudly.

"I'm sorry! I couldn't hold it, I'm just so happy!!"

"It's more than ok Harper, this is your home now." I said, calmly.

Harper and Millie shared a knowing glance, which I nearly missed. I'll have to ask her about that later...

We all hugged it out once more, looking forward to fixing up this mess, and to a brighter future!

*003*2021-09-16 22:38

Part 2: A New arrangement

So there we all were. Laughing, sitting and getting to know each other a bit better. Millie hadn't seen Harper or Taylor in a few years, so the catching up was much needed. But before we sat around for too long, I gave Millie a little nudge. She still had her panties full of poop!

"Ok you two" Millie said. "I need to go clean myself up quick. I'd have Steve help me out, but he's gonna help you bring in your stuff. Right babe?"

"Yes!" I said quickly. Taylor, Harper, let's go out to your car and bring your stuff in."

So as Millie cleaned up, we started unpacking the car. It wasn't all that much. Taylor and Harper really just grabbed the essentials. Clothes, medicine, a few keepsakes and other random things. But that was it. Maybe 2 or 3 bags for each of them.

"Ok girls" I said. "luckily we do have a spare room, but we do only have one. Is sharing a bed going to be ok? Or do we need to go out and get an air mattress? It's a big queen bed, so it's really up to you."

Harper spoke up. "That should be fine! We shared a bed back home occasionally, when mom was angry or something. So we don't mind sharing. Right Taylor?"

"Yes this is totally fine, we still can't think you guys enough! This will be more than fine." Said Taylor.

I continued, "ok, then it's settled!" I'll let you tell get settled in, I'll go check on Millie."

As I left the room, I could tell Harper wanted to say something, but she seemed to swallow the thought as I left the room. Back in our room, Millie was just finishing up getting dressed. I walked up to her:

"Wow, can you believe all this is happening? I really feel for them, I hope they are ok."

"Yeah me too!" Said Millie. "Although it's not surprising. Our mother was absolutely horrible to us. Instill can't believe I got away mostly normal... Here's hoping Taylor and Harper aren't too broken down from it all."

"Yeah, I hope we can help" I responded. I was going to continue, but I changed course:

"But also, I'm sad that we wasted such an amazing load in your pants! I still can't believe all that happened either!

Millie laughed. "Oh hush, you! I just about forgot about my panty poop until Harper reminded us of it! I would have treated you right if you helped me clean up, but thank you for helping them out instead."

"Ugh yes, I'm gonna be regretting not taking care of that for you. Promise me you'll try that again for me soon?"

"Steve, let's just say you're going to be up to here in messy panties for a while!" She said to me with a wink.

Before I could respond, she walked out of the room to go check on Taylor and Harper. I followed behind. Once in their room, we saw things were going well. The two of them were almost done unpacking their clothes, and we all got to chatting. After a while, Harper spoke up.

"So, not to be awkward but... I'm not exactly the driest sleeper at night, and neither is Taylor. Is this bed going to be ok if we mess it up? Have any accidents?"

I jumped in. "Oh for sure! It's already got our spare mattress protector on it, and we've got plenty of spare sheet sets as well. Millie rarely goes a night without getting a little wet or messy."

Millie smiled a guilty smile, but I could tell she enjoyed being shown off like that.

I went on: "so yes, no need to worry about that."

"Ok good!" Taylor said. "So on top of that, Ill just say it. I could really use a diaper change." And with that, she hopped on the bed, laid on her back and out her legs up in the air. I though this was all a little forward, but I do have to remember these girls come with alot of baggage. I looked to Millie who seemed to share some of these thoughts, but I could tell even she wasn't equipped to handle this moment right now. So, I spoke up:

"Ok, Harper could you hand me one of Taylors new diapers? This will be easy peasy, I babysat my little cousins for years."

Millie handed me a clean diaper from Taylor stash, and I got to work. I yanked off Taylors leggings, and started untaping her

Diaper. It was a big, puffy diaper that had little flowers on it, which were all very very damp and not their usual colors, indicating the diaper was over saturated with pee. Once I had her diaper undone and saw the damage, I couldn't help but get hard. Like, my penis actually grew exponentially for a few seconds. And I could tell in my loose shorts, there was no hiding it this time.

Off to the side and out of my view, Millie whispered something to Harper. They were watching this whole affair, and I assume saw me get very hard. It's now where I'll say... I'm blessed. The lord decided to give me a large member, there's no getting around it. So when I heard Harper gasp in my direction, I knew she was gawking at the large staff sticking up in my shorts. I, however, stayed focused on Taylor.

Taylor was staring right up at me, and once I started undoing my diaper, she even started sucking her thumb. I didn't say anything of it, but she went ahead and spoke.

"Yeah, I know I'm sucking my thumb. Its a habit I can't break! I do it whenever I'm getting changed, and sometimes when I'm actually peeing or pooping too. It's a reflex, and it helps keep me calm."

"That's totally ok with me" I said to Taylor.

Having her diaper open, I saw the massive amount of pee that soaked into the diaper. It was an incredible site. Her vagina was beautiful as well, being the perfect combo of big and loose, as well as tight and young. I couldn't help but stare for a few seconds, but then I got back to work. I slipped the diaper off of her, grabbed a few wipes and wiped her down, and put the new diaper on her. And with that, we were done.

"Thank you Steve!" Said Taylor. "I'll try not to be too much of a hassle about my diapers but, you know... Nature calls!"

"Quit that, it's more than ok! I'm more than happy to change your diapers Taylor, just say the word." I said.

After that, we kept talking for a while. We learned that Harper planned to go to a nearby community college, but had no idea what she was going to do now. Taylor told us she's going to call her school and officially drop out, and take the GED. And Millie filled them in on what we do during our days. I work from home most days, and Millie works at a nearby business a few times a week. I make more than enough money for the both of us, so she only does it to keep herself busy for the most part. But then, Harper asked us:

"I know it's getting late, but is it ok if we went shopping quick? We have some money on us, and we could really use a few things. I need more panties, some more clothes..."

"I could use more diapers" Taylor butted in.

"Yes, and if we do it know we could just get it out of the way. Is that ok?"

I looked at Millie, who was already speaking up:

"Yeah let's go! And we'll get dinner on the way there as well, our treat!"

And with that, we went out the door.

Once in the car, we decided we wanted something simple, so we just stopped at McDonald's. I got a big Mac, Millie got some mcnuggets, and Harper and Taylor each got a quarter pounder. We gobbled our meals up on the way to the store.

We walked into the store, and I simply stayed in the back of the group as the three girls talked. I didn't need anything here, but I was more than happy to chaperone and to be with everyone. We watched as Harper got some panties, some pretty ones, some plain ones, and a few more dresses, shirts, and pants as well. Taylor meanwhile, made a beeline for the diapers, picking out her usual brand. We got in line to checkout, but there was like ten people ahead of us, and only on person checking out.

"This could be a problem... " Harper said.

"Why?" The rest of us said in unison.

"Don't be so loud! But I really have to pee after all that soda from McDonald's... And... I think I have to poop as well."

Just hearing her say that was enough to get me a little hard.

Millie started to rub harpers shoulder with sympathy as we tried to wait out the long line. But, as five minutes turned into ten, we all could tell harpers bowels were not long for this world.

"It's no use guys, I can't hold it anymore!' Harper said in a quick whisper. Not really knowing what to do, she started to spread her legs and pee. We all looked at her, that is until I shoved the things I was carrying into Millie's arms and rushed Harper outside. Millie and Harper stayed behind to pay for our things.

We were maybe 30 feet from the door, but Harper peed herself basically the whole way there. Her panties were surprisingly absorbent, but she still left a few small puddles all the way to the door. Streaks of pee ran down her legs as well. Luckily, no one payed is any mind as we nearly ran out the door.

Once outside, I pulled Harper over to a small brick ledge and sat her down, having her butt stick past it, almost like she was sitting on the toilet. Now feeling safe and away from everyone, Harper let herself go in earnest.

"Oh my gooooddddddddd..." She sighed. She seemed so relieved to let it all out. Her pee picked up pace as it hit the grass behind her. Ok listening to it splash made me hard as a rock.

"Oh my god Steve, I'm pooping now! I can't hold it!" She then said to me.

She looked me dead in the eyes as she did. She looked scared, but also determined, and a little bit aroused if you ask me. She grunted and scrunched her face up a bit, almost like babies do when they poop. I heard it crackle out of her ass in on big motion, and her expression quickly turned to relief. She instinctively spread her legs a little, showing off her wet panty covered pussy off to the world, so I quickly stood on front of her. It truly was a sight to behold. She opened her eyes, saw me looking at her and was startled.

"Oh dear God, did all of that really just happen?? I'm so embarrassed..."

"Shh shh shh, no Harper it's ok! I pulled you outside and you didn't make a mess indoors. It's all good!" I told her.

She was still pretty embarrassed. "But you saw me! Ugh I'm so sorry, I feel like such a baby!"

"Hey hey hey! Remember what we talked out? I'm here for you, I can take care of you, and that's exactly what I did by taking you outside. And I can do whatever you need to make this better for you."

Harper looked at me, and smiled and immediately got all red in her face. I smiled back.

"Did you want me to clean you up here? Or wait until we got home?"

"I'd say we can wait, but I'm in a dress. Do you think you could at least let the poo out of my panties for me? I can't reach back there."

Without saying anything, I looked to my right and looked to my left. With no one in sight, I quickly darted behind the wall Harper was sitting on. As I crouched down behind her, I saw she was still sitting with her butt hanging over the back of the wall, and I saw the mound of poo in her underwear. I stopped. I stopped and stared at that mound of poo for maybe 10 seconds, I think, because it was long enough for Harper to go:

"Steve? Everything ok back there?"

I snapped back to reality. "Yes! I'm sorry Harper, I just couldn't help but stare at your poopy panties. I guess there's no point in hiding it, since Millie told you about how she and I operate."

"Yes she did, and I don't blame you! I've always thought I looked good with shit in my undies!"

This surprised me. She was also turning to look at me now, with a very mischievous smile on her face.

"Well then, you are absolutely right! I can't help myself every time I see Millie poop herself, and I guess I could help myself when you did it too."

Harper replied to me. "I like that you couldn't help yourself! It makes me feel....normal. attractive." She said the last bit looking somewhat sadder, and I could tell this whole experience must still be troubling for her. So I jumped in.

"So Harper, shall I just, pull your panties aside and dump it out? Is it ok to touch you?"

Harper snapped out of it. "Yes Steve go for it, I'm ready!"

So with that I pulled her panties aside, pushed them inside out a little and let the mound of poo fall to the ground. Luckily it was a grassy area, so it'll just look like a dog did it. With that done, I stood back up and faced Harper.

"All done! Feel better?"

"Yes I do!" She replied. She stood up and gave me a hug. And I swear she could feel my raging hard on up against her crotch, but I didn't care, and she didn't say anything either. Millie and Taylor walked out just as we broke off our hug.

"Everything ok out here?" Millie asked.

"Yep, we're all good! Harper just had an accident." I said to them.

"Yeah, we're ok" Harper said. "Thank God Steve thought quickly and got me outside! This is exactly what I'm talking about. In the store, I just froze and felt like a little girl. But then Steve took hold of me, got me outside, and helped me clean up. I really need help like that more often... heck, I've needed help like that for years!"

We all laughed at that one. Then, with all the new clothes and diapers in tow, we hopped in the car and went home.

The next morning, we set out setting up Harper and Taylor's new lives at our home. Harper let all of her old friends know where she was, that she was fine, and that she will be with us for a while. Taylor meanwhile, had a harder task. Luckily, Since she's 17, she's legally allowed to drop out in our state. So she called them up and let them know, and that seemed to be that.

Lastly, we talked about weather we should call the police on their mother for abandonment charges. Both Harper and Taylor were hesitant to do this. Firstly, they just wanted to be gone from her for good. And secondly, since Harper is of legal age, this really only affected Taylor. But we ended up deciding to let it go for now, and address the issue again later if we need to.

Then, slowly but surely life went on. I settled more into my new role as the caretaker of the house, for all three girls. Each one of them has their own issues. Millie may seem independent, but she entirely depends on me emotionally, physically (sexually), and to clean her up when she's dirty, if time allows for it.

Harper is similar to Millie, if not even worse off. She seems to be lacking in awareness and a few social skills, but nothing that's super out of the ordinary. She knows she isn't supposed to wet or mess herself in public, but often times she does it anyways, often with a babyish look of relief on her face. She's also fairly aloof in her lifestyle. She doesn't seem to know what she wants to do with her life, and seems to just need a crutch to lean on for a while, which we're happy to provide.

Taylor, is somewhat of an enigma. She's still in diapers, and doesn't seem to want to get out of them any time soon. She requires a chance at least 2 or 3 times a day, with 1 or two of them being messy changes. But other than that, she's steadfast with her life. She's preparing for the GED, and she's ready to figure something out for her life.

But all three of them share a very similar trait. Their bathroom habits truly don't seem to bother any one of them. So much so, that it seems to comforting to them all, if not downright sexual. I'm starting to learn each of their tells too. Taylor will suck her thumb when she's peeing or pooping, and even lift a leg and grunt if she needs to. Harper panics at first, but then gets lost in the relief of release, usually losing her awareness in the process. Millie will stand still when she's going, but now more often than ever, she'll look at me and bite her lip as she's going. As if to tell me she's been a bad girl, which I absolutely love.

A usual day, for the first few weeks of living together, would go like this. I would wake up in bed next to Millie, who very likely wet or messed herself in the night. Sometimes we'd have morning sex right then and there, but other times I'd help her get cleaned up. Get her in the shower, peel off her dirty panties and rinse her down. She loved when I helped her like that.

After I cleaned up Millie, I would go and check on Harper and Taylor. Harper also would usually wake up with wet or messy panties, and Taylor would almost always have a full diaper too. I'd get some new clothes for Harper to change into before taking Taylor into the other room and changing her. When I was done with Taylor, I'd check in again on Harper, making sure she got fresh ok.

Then, we'd start our day. Since I mostly worked from home, I'd slowly get started on my day. Millie would go about her day, usually spending time with Harper and Taylor. If anyone had any accidents, I'd happily help them get sorted out.

They have zero issues just going when the need hits them at home. And if we're out shopping or doing something fun, they'll just go if we're alone. If we're among people, I usually need to come to the rescue and figure something out, some more successful than others. Which brings us to our latest adventure, a trip home from the movies.

*005*2021-09-21 18:41

Part 3: Post movies Discovey

The four of us decided to catch the recent rom com on a Friday night, to help take Harper and Taylors minds off of things, and just have a little fun at the end of a long week. None of us decided to be in anything fancy, as it was a laid back and mostly empty theater anyway. I dressed in some athletic shorts and a long sleeve shirt. Millie was in some baggy sweatpants and a t shirt. Harper wore some shorts and a t shirt. And Taylor also was in some sweatpants, in order to easily hide her diaper, as well as a baggy hoody.

During the movie, we all ate tons of move theater popcorn, and we each had a big soda to go along with it. I'm sure you already know where this is going. Halfway through the movie, Millie looks at me and grabs my hand.

"Steve, I have to pee so bad, it just hit me!"

I smile at her, but I can tell she's kind of panicked. So I ask,

"Well, can you make it to the bathroom?"

"No, I can't!" She says.

Shes still looking at me panicked, but then it seemed like she made up her mind and accepted her fate, and decided to enjoy it. She smiles back at me, grabbed my hand and put it on her crotch, bit her lip, and sat perfectly still as we watched the movie. Not ten seconds later, I started to feel warmth spread out in her sweatpants. I look over and she's peeing full force into her grey sweatpants. She's peeing so hard you can heat it too! I thought I saw Taylor and Harper look over at us, but I wasn't sure since I was so enthralled with what Millie was doing. She closed her as and breathed out a sigh of relief, as her pee soaked her panties, made her crotch and butt very wet as well, and soaked into the cheap movie seat beneath her. And after about a minute of peeing, she was done.

"Oh my god babe, that was incredibly sexy" I whisper to her.

She doesn't say anything, but just grabs my hand that's still on her crotch and gives it a big squeeze. I can tell she enjoyed it too, because she doesn't go to clean herself up. I, meanwhile, had a raging erection, and desperately wanted to have my way with Millie. But, knowing her, she would much rather not make a sexual scene in public.

Once the movie is over, we get up to walk out. With the lights on, Harper and Taylor are able to see us and say:

"Oh my gosh, Millie!" In unison.

"When did this happen??" Asked Harper.

"Maybe halfway through the movie" responded Millie.

"I drank my soda too fast, and I couldn't help it so, voila!"

"Well, I feel you there sis" said Taylor. "This diaper is waaayyy soaked. In fact, with how much soda I had, it'll probably burst before we get home!

"Well you two are lucky!" Said Harper. "You both went in secret in the movie, but now I have to go!"

"Ok everyone, then let's get going!" I said, wrapping things up. I shuffled us all out of the theater in a hurry, knowing the three girls needed to use the facilities.

We were out in the parking lot walking to my car, when disaster seemed to struck twice for Millie tonight.

"Damn that popcorn, now I need to shit! Like right now!" She said.

"Sweetie I'm sorry, what can I do?" I said, trying to help her out.

"Just get me to the car, quick!"

So we ran the last 50 or so yards to the car and got in all in a hurry, and out of sight of anyone else. But as soon as we were in:

"It's no use holding it in, it's coming out!" Said Millie.

And in a flash, we all heard her grunt and push as a massive mound of poop dropped itself in her panties. She had lifted herself off the front car seat to aid her bowel movement, but she didn't seem to need the help. The poop rushed out if her seemingly in an instant, and she had a mound of it in her backside just like that.

"Ahhhhhh" Millie said with another big sigh of relief.

"I'm sorry babe, but you know I found all of that sexy as hell right??" I said to her, not able to help myself.

"Yes I do know that, and I can't help myself either right now because that made me horny as hell!" Millie said, almost yelling.

She reached over and grabbed my now large dick and instantly started stroking me off. I was about to protest with Harper and Taylor in the back seat, but my mind went blank once she got to work. I reached over to her and started fondling her wet crotch with one hand and her shitty backside with the other. Millie had her hand in her crotch as well, quickly rubbing herself off as well. In about 30 seconds flat, we both came to a glorious orgasm, grunting and moaning right along with it. And in the silent aftermath, we both realized what just happened, and turned to look at Taylor and Harper in the backseat. I, however, did not expect what I saw.

"Oh my god guys were so sor-- what??" I said as I turned around.

Taylor and Harper were both rubbing themselves off, presumably to our frantic session they just witnessed. As I spoke, the two of them seemed to finish as well.

"Oh my GOD Millie you were right, that was so hot!" Harper said as she came down.

"Yes and you weren't kidding, his dick is so big!" Added Taylor.

"Wait woah. What's going on here??" I asked, extremely confused.

"I have a confession to make babe" said Millie. "We kind of... Planned this. Over the weeks we've been talking... You know how you and I love our wet and dirty times? Well, so do my sisters! Apparently our mom really screwed up all of us! And I told them how you absolutely love when I wet and mess myself, and Harper and Taylor asked if they could you know... Take part."

"Take part? What do you mean?" I said.

"Well I told them how big you are! Girls talk, you know! So I told them I'd poop my pants for you so you'd get all hard, and then I'd give you a handy for the girls to see!"

"Well... This is all a shock." I said back to her. "But why? I don't quite get what's going on here.

This is when Harper butted in: "Steve, I've been looking my whole life for someone like you. Someone that would love me for my constant wetting and messing, not ridicule me for it. And when I learned you loved everything Millie does for you, I couldn't believe it."

Taylor added, "same here Steve. All three of us are so broken in this way, we didn't think any one would ever find us attractive, take care of us. But so far, moving in with you guys has been the best thing that's ever happened to us."

So Millie continued again: "so Steve, can't you see? This is all a reward for the amazing person you are. You are mine... I love you from the bottom of my heart. And some days I feel like I don't show you that enough. So what's happening... What this is, is for you. Because the three of us know that no one would ever love us, and love this like the way you do, we've decided to reward you. Instead of hiding and being ashamed of our wetting and messing, Harper and Taylor are going to join me in embracing it, because we want to show you just how much we appreciate your taking care of us"

I was speechless. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, and I thought I was about to cry. It was the sweetest, kindest thing I'd ever heard.

Millie continued. "So Steve, what's happening is, this is open. The girls and I have agreed, no boundaries. We are all one big family, we will all come and go as we please, pee and poop ourselves as we please, and most importantly... You will take care of us as you please."

"What?" I asked.

Harper said. "Steve, this is a scary world, and alot of times it's way too much pressure. I want... I want to be babied sometimes. Be your little girl."

Taylor butted in: "and I know I'm already in diapers but... I have no desire to ever go to normal clothes. I want to use diapers forever. Will you always change me and take care of me?"

And then Millie added: "and as for me, Steve. Messing and wetting myself for you is often the highlight of my day. But more than that, you're taking care of me, babying me, cleaning me up, makes me feel safe. Will you do that for me? For us?"

I paused a second, then said: "but, don't I already?"

The three of them laughed. Millie said, "Do you not remember what just happened? All three of us LOVE peeing pooping ourselves for you. It turns us on. So, this is all to say, you're going to be getting alot more sex from me, see alot more masturbating from them, and, if you're willing, a LOT more fun in the future."

And now, it all finally clicked. I turned to Millie.

"You're ok with this? You're my girl... One day, I hope you'd want to be my wife. Having Harper and Taylor here won't change anything, will it?"

Millie looked like she was going to cry, and Harper and Taylor let out a big "awww".

"Steve, it's exactly for that reason that this is happening. They need you. I need you. And you love us and what we do. So if you're ok with getting more of me, and more of us, we already are!"

With that, she really did start crying tears of joy. I instantly grabbed her for a big hug, telling her a I loved her.

"Get in here you two!" I said to Harper and Taylor. We all laughed and cried in a big family group hug in our car. And as we broke it off Harper said...

"Steve, I hope it's okay we start being more open right now, because I just peed all over your backseat!"

I looked down at her shorts, which were a much darker shade of gray.

"Yes that's absolutely ok Harper, I love every second of it!"

We all laughed some more, and began our drive home, to begin our new life as one big happy family.

*006*2021-10-05 12:55

Part 4: Life as it became

The morning following the movie, things changed almost immediately. As I woke up next to Millie, who had a fresh load in her panties, I was surprised.

"Good morning baby!" She said to me.

"Good morning" I replied. "Need a change my love"?

"No, I don't think so. I've been liking the feeling of a load in my panties lately, so I'm gonna leave these on for a while."

"Well, ok then!" I said, surprised. "You let me know when you're ready, and I'll come get you cleaned up, okay baby?"

"Okay hon" she said back to me. I gave her a kiss, and hopped out to go check on the girls. But as I opened the door, I saw Harper standing there, waiting and im tears!

"I'm sorry Steve, I pooped my panties overnight and didn't see it until I woke up, and I made a mess everywhere!" She said, mostly incoherently as she was crying so hard. She had poop all down the back of her legs, and a large mass of it still in her underwear. It looked like a very loose poop overnight, likely thanks to the movie popcorn we all had.

"Shh shh shh, there there Harper, let me take care of you, it's ok" I said to her as I pulled her in for a hug. She cried into my shoulder for a minute, before I took her back to her room. The bed was a mess, with a pile of wet poo sitting on her side.

"Ok sweetie, this is no problem at all. I can get this cleaned up in no time. Would you like my help cleaning you up?" I asked her

"Mmhmm" she replied, through tears. I took her to her bathroom, put her in the shower, and turned it on. I slid her panties off of her and took off her shirt as well. I rinsed her down good, making sure to get poo out of every nook and cranny. Once she was done, I took her messy panties, emptied them in the toilet, and threw the panties in the washer.

"There, see? All better, right?" I said to Harper.

"Yes, thank you" she said with a quiet smile.

"Ok now you go ahead and get dressed for the day while I get you some new bedding, ok?" I said to her.

"Ok Steve, thank you!"

I walked out the door, grabbed the messy sheets, and headed for the washing machine.

Once that was done I headed to the kitchen for breakfast, which is where I found Taylor.

"Hey there!" I said as I walked in. "How are you this morning?"

"Good!" She said to me. "I knew Harper was going to have a melt down once I saw her messy night, so I came down for breakfast early."

"Ah I gotcha." I replied. "Do you need a diaper change? Or are you all clean?'

"Oh no, this bad boy is nearly filled to the max, thanks to last night's movie soda" she said, laughing. "I don't need a change yet though, I like it! And besides, I had my coffee already, so I'd rather fill this diaper up fully before getting into a fresh one."

"Suit yourself!" I said to her, as I sat down to have some cereal. Not long after, Millie joined us. She was still in her messy full panties, and was wearing only a tank top.

"Hey baby! You look so hot with your full panties" I said to her.

"Aw thanks baby, I know you love it!" She said to me, giving me a kiss. "I decided not to get dressed until after breakfast, so here I am!"

She sat down next to me, smoothing her poop across her ass and up her pussy. She had a look of near-orgasm as she did so, prompting me to get insanely hard. As we ate our cereal, Harper came down and joined us as well.

"Hey you, feeling better" I said to her.

"Yes I am, and ready for breakfast!" She said with a smile.

She also sat down with us for some cereal, and we all enjoyed the morning together. Sometime later though, I saw Taylor start fidgeting, and I could tell she likely had to poop now. A few minutes later she started sucking her thumb, so I knew a load was very soon to be in her diapers. But before it was, she stood up and said:

"Oh screw this I don't need to hide it. I'm about to poop, is it okay to just do it right here?"

"Yes absolutely, go for it!" The rest of us said.

With that, she bent over a little, started sucked her thumb, and pushed. We heard a few rather large farts, followed by the sound of a large poop dropping into her diapers. The smell hit us instantly, but it didn't bother any of us.

"Oh my godddddddd" Taylor said, pushing out her poop. "This feels so amazing..."

We all stared at her butt as the diaper kept expanding with her poop. It truly was a sight to behold. But then, she did something that really surprised me.

"Fuck that turned me on, is it ok if I go rub one off before you change me?" She said to me.

"Wow! Um, yes, please go right ahead!" I said back to her with wide eyes.

With that, she turned around, one hand already down the front of her diaper, the other feeling the large mass on her behind, walking down the hall to her room. Suffice it to say, I was very turned on, and Millie and Harper knew it.

"Damn that really was hot, wasn't it?" Millie asked.

"Yeah it was, good lord!" Said Harper.

Both of them had flushed faces, as if Taylors scene caused them to get a little heated as well. We continued eating our breakfast though. And after a few more minutes, we heard a loud hell from down the hall.

"STEVE! CAN YOU COME CHANGE ME PLEASE??" Taylor shouted.

"Looks like that's my que!" I said to Harper and Millie.

"Go for it babe." Said Millie. Harper, come with me and we'll get changed for the day, okay?"

"Sure!" Said Harper. We all left the table.

I walked into Taylors room, who was already laying down in bed with her legs up, ready to be changed.

"Hey Steve, thanks for waiting, I really needed that cum... Fuck it was good." She said to me.

"No worries, it sounded like you enjoyed yourself!" I said to her as I untaped her diaper.

Taylor began sucking her thumb as I opened up the diaper, and I was treated with an enormous amount of poop. It was all over her ass, deep in her butt crack, and all the way up her vagina as well.

"Taylor! What did you do??" I said to her.

She looked at me, smiling: "sorry, but it really turns me on to just mush the poop everywhere, it really gives an amazing orgasm..."

"Well you are a dirty girl, aren't you! A dirty and naughty girl!" I said to her, seeing how she'd react.

Suddenly putting on a baby voice, Taylor said "yes I am daddy, will you clean me up?"

I could hardly resist. Without saying anything I got to work. I grabbed plenty of whipes and began whiping down her vagina. She closed her eyes and kept sucking her thumb, seeming to really enjoy it. Once that was clean, I lifted her legs all the way up and cleaned up her backside too. I tossed the dirty diaper in the trash, and taped her up with a new one.

"There, all better you naughty girl!" I said to her.

She hopped out of bed with a smile. "Thank you Steve!" She ran off to her closet to get changed, but as she passed me she gave my very hard dick a squeeze. Before I could say anything, she looked back at me with a wink, and entered her closet.

Many of our days were now like this. All three of them asked for my help after a wetting or messing accident. Millie would always love my help, but she was also gracious enough to clean herself up if either Taylor or Harper needed my help at the same time. And more and more often, everyone was really getting frisky! Just like with Taylor's masturbation session after her breakfast poop, soon Millie and Harper began joining in. Harper would often wet herself, no matter where she was, while rubbing herself at the same time. And Millie, she would always get turned on after an accident. But now, she would start demanding to have sex, or at least a mutual handy, right as she did the deed. I was truly in heaven, and it seemed like each of the girls were too. For example, this was the scene a few weeks later...

"Steve?" Millie said, coming into our room late at night. I was already in bed, watching some TV when she walked in.

"Yeah babe?" I said back to her.

"I'm gonna have an accident..." She said to me, looking down. I quickly got out of bed and walked out of bed to help her. But as I got up to her, I could tell things were about to go well for me.

"Yeah babe I really have to pee..." She said, biting her lip. "Oh god it's already happening! It's coming out!"

She grabbed my hand and shoved it in her crotch, and stood as still as a statue. Right away, I felt warm pee flood into the grey yoga pants she had on. It hissed, loudly as it hit the wet cloth and ran down her legs. I just stared into her eyes as she went, rapidly getting a hard on at the same time. She let out a very loud moan, and then a long sigh of relief as she peed. As she finished up, she reached out for my dick, and then pushed me down onto the bed.

"Daddy, I was bad, I had an accident" she said as I laid down.

"Yes Millie, you've been very bad. Now, I'm going to have to punish you!" I said, yanking down her yoga pants.

Right as I did that though, I watched Harper and Taylor both walk into the room. I looked over to them with a look of surprise, but the two of them said nothing. They just sat down, mesmerized with the two of us on top of one another, about to do the deed. Harper sat in a nearby chair and instantly start rubbing herself, while Taylor did the same sitting down on the floor. I turned back to Millie:

"Let's give them a show, shall we?"

Before waiting for an answer, I pulled her soaking wet panties to the side and plunged myself deep inside of her. I won't share ALL of the dirty details, but it was an incredible session of love making...

Harper meanwhile, was enjoying it as well. She sat on the chair, watching us intently as we screwed one another. As we came, she closed her eyes and started peeing herself, while cumming at the same time. She moaned a long, glutteral moan as she came, showering the floor with her pee and cum.

Taylor was lying on her back on the floor, keeping an eye on us as she furiously rubbed herself off in her diaper. As Millie and I finished up, we had Taylor let a a high pitched moan of bliss as she came as well, followed by a long hissing into her diaper, presumably a combo of piss and cum as well.

As we all sat there in our post sex bliss, I couldn't help but laugh.

"Well, that certainly was something!" I said.

The rest of them laughed along with me, when Harper spoke up: "sorry if we made that weird! We just heard you guys getting to it, and we both instantly for horny as well so... Decided to come watch!"

Taylor added: "I'm not sorry, that was hot as hell!"

We all laughed again. Then I asked, "ok who needs help cleaning up?"

Everyone raised their hands, and I just smiled.

*007*2021-10-12 16:40

Part 5: the road trip to Disney world

A few more weeks went by, with all of us settling into our new roles. Harper and Taylor learned to love their new city and new home. Harper was actively job hunting, but she really wanted a work from home job so she wouldn't have to go back to constantly monitoring her bathroom habits. Taylor meanwhile, took and passed the GED, making her a successful high school graduate. She's looking into colleges, all online or community colleges, both to save money and to stay at home as well. And Millie and we're as happy as ever. I fell into my role of caretaker for everyone, and Millie started becoming more and more sexual and open with me as well, as if she wasn't enough already.

It wasn't just Millie either. Harper and Taylor have started being more and more sexual themselves, often watching Millie and I's sexcapades, and giving themselves a good orgasm following some of their bathroom trips.

Harper is still rather emotionally stunted, often coming to me crying after particularly wet or messy accidents. She can't help herself, and instantly reverts into a small child when she makes a mess in her pants. I'm more than happy to help her however, and calm her down.

Taylor is still just her wild self. She's peeing and pooping her diapers more than ever, while sitting in it longer and longer as well, taking after Millie. She seems to get really turned on after some of her messes, and allows me to clean her up only after she's properly orgasmed once or twice.

So as the weeks went by, I decided we all needed some de stressing. So, I booked us all a long weekend trip to Disney world! Everyone was ecstatic with the idea, and they instantly began packing.

We have tickets for Friday, Saturday and Sunday, so in order to maximize our time, we decided to get to the park when it opened Friday morning. The only downside is, the park is an 8 hour drive away, meaning we were leaving at about 2am.

The day before, we all got to talking.

"Ok guys, we've got a long drive ahead of us tomorrow. Is everyone ready?" I said.

"Yes!" The three ladies said I'm unison.

"It's a long 8 hour drive, and we're leaving at 2 am. This means we are all going to bed early, got it??" I said sternly.

"Hey wait, can't we just sleep in the car?" Said Taylor.

"Well... Yes, yes you can. But I'm driving, so I'll be going to bed early for sure!" I replied. "You three can all sleep in the car though, if that's what you want to do."

"Ok phew!" Said Harper. "Thank God, I hadn't planned for that!"

"Here's another thing you may not have planned for." I said to all three of them. "What are we doing for bathroom breaks? Because, if possible, I don't want to stop the entire way there."

Millie and Harper looked at me a bit concerned. Taylor on the other hand, said:

"Hey don't worry about me. I'll have a fresh diaper on in the morning, and I'm gonna sit in that baby the whole way there, no matter what happens! I'm excited actually, it's gonna be a fun challenge to try and pace myself!"

I laughed, but then looked over to Harper and Millie. "Ok well what about you two. I don't want to have to pull over and clean either of you up. What's the plan? Are you guys gonna hold it for eight hours? Or wear diapers yourselves?"

The two of them thought for a second, before Millie spoke up: "we'll shoot, why not I guess. It makes sense, Harper. We won't have to stop and waste time, and we can just use them whenever we want, without worrying about any sort of clean up."

"But, what if we pee too much? Or what if we make a really big poop? Won't that be bad?" Harper said, worryingly.

"Well, for me, I'm actually starting to like keeping a poop in my panties for a while! It's nice and warm, it's comfortable, and makes me feel naughty too!" Millie said.

"Yeah and pee is the same way! It's super warm and it makes me feel all comfy inside any time I go in them. Plus, The diapers are super absorbent so they should last the whole way there. And on top of that, if you ever start getting uncomfortable, just add a little more pee to the pile, and it'll warm back up for you!" Taylor said.

Harper was silent, but then threw up her arms in defeat. "Oh the hell with it! I'll diaper up. What's the worst that could happen?"

"Ok then, it's settled!" I said. "Tomorrow morning, I'll put a fresh diaper on each of you. So if you don't want a steaming load to sit on tomorrow, I suggest getting your poops out tonight while you can!"

They all laughed at that one, which made me smile. Everyone ended up hitting the hay early ahead of our long day.

We woke up only a few short hours later at about 1:30 am. Taylor and Harper were both zombies, barely staying awake, but luckily Millie was lucid enough to help me get everyone ready to go.

Millie woke up dry, which was a good thing for the morning madness, but might not bode well for her later. Taylor woke up with a thoroughly messed diaper, so I took care of her first, getting her cleaned up and ina fresh one for the road. Harper only wet herself over night, but she was so tired in the morning she didn't even have the energy to cry about it. I cleaned her up as well and put her in one of Taylors fresh diapers.

With that, I packed the car and got everyone's butts in their seats. Taylor and Harper were back asleep as soon as they were buckled in, which Millie and I laughed at. We hit the road a little after 2, on the long way to Disney world! Millie, bless her, tried to stay awake to keep me company, but she too fell back asleep about a half an hour into the drive. No matter though, because I had a red bull and an audio book with my name on it.

The hours started to pass by, and pretty soon the sun would be coming up as well. Three hours into our eight hour drive, things started to get very interesting. I started to hear a rustling on the back seat. Harper and Taylor were still asleep, but Harper seemed to be really restless, and tossing and turning. Then all of a sudden she got really still and smiled. I did my best to keep watching the road while watching her in the rearview mirror, when I heard a really loud hissing. And it was then where I could tell that she was wetting herself in her sleep.

It went on for about a minute, and even in the darkness of the early morning I could tell that her diaper was turning from white to yellow. Once she finished up she rolled to the side one more time, and continued sleeping.

Another hour later, at about halfway through the drive, I wasn't even paying attention to the drive when I heard another loud hissing. It came from the back again, but this time it was Taylor who was wettinh herself in her sleep. She hadn't moved at all, save for her putting her thumb in her mouth as she went.

Finally, it was about 7:00 a.m., the sun was coming up, and we only had 2 hours to go until Disney world. Slowly the girls started to wake up one by one.

Harper was first, and oh boy she was not happy. She woke up slowly at first, realizing that she wet her diapers in her sleep. In normal Harper fashion, she started tearing up, about to cry. She was looking at me in the rear view mirror, on the verge of a meltdown. But before she did, I reached to her in the backseat (eyes still on the road), and put my hand on her leg. I whispered, (since people were still sleeping):

"Shh shh, it's ok sweetie. You're ok, it's just a little accident. This is why we diapered you up, it's ok."

She seemed to calm down a little, and didn't start bawling.

"Thanks Steve" she said, sniffling. She put her hand on my hand, and sat trying to calm herself down for a few minutes.

I brought my hand up to the front seat when we heard Taylor start to wake up as well. She slowly opened her eyes, and slowly smiled once she realized she had a soaked diaper between her legs as well. She looked at me in the rearview mirror as well, as she stuck a hand in her diaper to play with herself a little bit. It's become commonplace for Taylor to masturbate after an accident, including when she wakes up in the morning, so this surprised none of us. Once she seemed to come to orgasm, I said to her:

"Good morning sleepy head, how are you feeling?"

"So much better now!" She said to me, still tired.

Finally, Millie was starting to stir. But, little did we know, we were in for a show. With under two hours to go to Disney world, she had yet to use her diaper! She stayed dry overnight, which is becoming more and more.of a rarity for her. However, what happened next was even more interesting.

"What time is it?" Millie said, still half asleep.

"It's a little after 6 in the morning, how'd you sleep?

"I slept ok" she said to me with a smile. But all the sudden, her smile quickly turned to a look of determination.

"Hold on," she said. "The coffee cought up with me, I need to take care of this."

Then all the sudden, Millie sprang up out of her seat into a crouch, so that her butt was in the air. Right away, a loud torrent of pee was heard hitting her diaper. It instantly turned it yellow and made it sag well below where it was originally. But then almost simultaneously, Millie let out a fantastic, glutteral grunt, signifying she was pushing out a massive poop. We heard a rather large, wet fart, with the smell hitting us almost instantly. Right after that, I heard a crinkle and glanced over as the back of her diaper expanded to accept the poop, then sag as it dropped to the now soaking wet bottom.

"Holy shit this is so wet!" Millie said, half disgusted but half turned on.

She grunted again, and pushed out another load of poop into the diaper, adding onto the pile with a cacophony of farts. Her diaper was properly soiled now, with the front yellow the entire way to the waist band, and the grundle and back a darker shade of brown. With her movement now finished, she sighed in relief.

"Ahhhhhh" she said, sitting back down with a squish. "Wow I needed that. As soon as I woke up I felt the poop knocking at the door!"

I looked over at her with a smile, and being ridiculously turned on as well.

"Wow Millie, that was amazing!" Taylor said in awe. "You go girl!"

We all laughed at that, and chatted about our upcoming adventure in the Magic kingdom.

With about a half an hour left, I changed topic and directed my attention to Harper and Taylor in the backseat.

"Hey you two back there, I couldn't help but notice neither of you have pooped this morning. We don't check into the hotel until later this afternoon, and since this is Disney world, we'd be kicked out if I changed you in the park somewhere! So unless you want to walk around all day in messy diapers, get to it!"

"Aw shoot, that's right!" Taylor said. "No matter, I can push one out right now, will you have time to change me before we go into the park?"

"Sure!" I replied. " I have to change Millie for sure, I can change you too no problem."

"Well, I don't exactly have to go right now!" Harper said, worriedly. "What should I do??"

I replied, "well, the way I say it Harper, you have two options. One, I put you in a clean diaper, and you can just go around all day in one of those like Taylor"

She didn't seem to like this option.

"Or", I continued. "We can put you in a pull-up. It's still a diaper, but it's muchore form fitting, and feels like big girl panties! You can pee in them too, even though they hold a little less. The only problem is, when you poop in them, it'll be quite obvious to anyone who sees you that you've pooped-- pullups don't hold poopies in well!"

"Hmmm." Harper said, thinking. "I think I'm going to go with the pull-up. I really don't have to poop, and if I do later on, maybe it'll be close enough to time for us to leave that it will work out!"

"Ahh, a gambler I see!" I said, smiling. "Works for me if it works for you! But if you do end up pooping in them, you're gonna have to hop out of them pretty quick! So fair warning!"

"Yes Steve!" Harper said with a smile.

We soldiered on to Disney world. Before we knew it, we were at the park. I pulled into a parking spot all the way in the back, backing in so we had some privacy for the diaper changes. I popped open the trunk, and had all three girls lie down in the back.

"Ok girls, hop up and lie down! It'll be quickest this way."

No one complained, and in they went. As I untaped, everyone's diapers, I couldn't help but marvel at how amazing this situation was. Taylor was sucking her thumb, absentmindedly rubbing her vagina as she stared at me. Harper had her shirt pulled up to her face, as if trying to hide from the embarrassment. And Millie, whose crotch was absolutely covered in poop, had her hands by her side, proudly staring at me with a big smile on her face.

"You three are the cutest, sexiest, most adorable things I have ever seen" I said to them.

All three of them smiled: "awww! Thanks Steve!"

I got to changing, knowing that having my way with Millie (or even one of the other girls) would get us tossed out in a heart beat, so I vowed to just enjoy the day like normal. As agreed, Taylor put on another one of her big, bulky diapers. But instead of covering it up with leggings or sweatpants like she normally would, she wore a just-above-the-knee length skirt, due to how hot it was that day. For Harper, I pulled up her pull-up, and dressed her in a skirt as well, not too dissimilar from Taylors. And Millie, taking the longest to clean up, got to wear a pair of panties. Since she cleared out her bowels this morning, she didn't need a diaper

She likely wouldn't mess herself again until tonight, and some wet panties for her wouldn't be a big deal. She covered up with a tight pair of running shorts.

"Ok girls, off we go!" I said to them

We hopped up, and headed off into what ended up being the best amusement park trip I've ever had!!!

*009*2021-10-26 15:13

Part 6: Disney World Hi-jinks, Part 1

So with that our Disney world adventure began. I, am a Disney fanatic. I had went with my family to Disney world numerous times growing up, and I've wanted to go back for some time now. Frankly, I would have gone alone if no one wanted to join me! But luckily, the girls came with me and made the trip even more memorable.

We got to Disney world within the first hour Magic Kingdom opened. We had plans to hit every ride we could! Space mountain, Thunder Mountain, Splash Mountain, Tea Cups, Peter Pan, Buzz light-year, everything! But in order to do that, we had to be non-stop on the move. Since Disney is a mad-house, we barely took time to relax! We went from ride to ride like mad men. But who cares, right? We had fun!

But, as I'm sure you must be dying to hear, this trip was made interesting for another reason. We went to Disney in late summer, which means temperatures were usually in the 90s. Meaning, each of us see drinking lots of fluids that day.

About halfway through the day, things really started to get fun. While waiting in line out in the sun for Thunder Mountain Railroad, Taylor was the first one to crack.

"Oh no guys... I only made it four hours, because I'm about to wet myself here!" Taylor whispered to us.

Harper and Millie grinned, while I whispered back to her: "well, are you ok? Is there anything I can do?"

"No..." She answered. She was doing a slight potty dance, but with so many people around us, she kept it to a minimum.

"I might as well get it over with, right?"

None of us said a word, as she started to stand perfectly still, leaning against the railing. I'm typical Taylor fashion, she also started sucking her thumb. Suddenly, we each heard the hissing coming from her diaper, and we knew she was going. But again, since we were in a very public place, we all had to keep it very casual.

"Feeling better?" I asked once she was done.

"Much!" She replied with a smile.

"Does it even feel good today? It's so dang hot, I'm not sure that would be as refreshing as it normally is!" I said to her.

"It's not as nice, but I'm certainly not complaining. Wetting my diaper is a very comforting thing, I'll never not love it!" She said with another whisper.

"I can kind of agree with you there Taylor" Millie said. "Whenever I wet myself, whatever the weather or time of day, I can't help but feel the same. It's a... Familiar feeling. Makes me feel safe, feel at home even."

"I don't think I've ever thought of it that way before" Harper replied. "I've never really disliked when I wet or mess myself, but whenever I do I can't help but be embarrassed, especially in public! That's usually why I cry when I do. I can't help it." She said, a little sadly.

We all looked at Harper with a look of sympathy. "No need to feel bad, Harper! We all have our own things to deal with." I told her. "Whatever makes you happy, whatever helps you get through it is all you need. Nothing more!"

Harper smiled, and we all returned to our casual chatting, waiting to get on the ride. But once we got there, I could tell we were in for some more fun.

"Ah shit" Harper said. "Now I have to pee!"

Normally this would not be a problem, but we were about three groups away from getting on the ride, and we'd been waiting for almost 45 minutes.

"I say just let it go, Harper! I did, and I feel so much better!" Said Taylor.

"I'm not sure I can just go, Taylor. There's so many people around me!" She retorted back.

"Suit yourself" Taylor said. "But knowing us, I'm not sure you'll have much choice in a few more minutes!"

Harper started to look panicked, so I moved in next to her. "Harper, you ride with me. Taylor, you ride with Millie in the car in front of us, ok?"

They nodded their heads and switched sides. Meanwhile, I grabbed Taylors side, and whispered to her.

"You'll be ok Harper, no need to worry. I'm here, you can let go any time you want."

"I know Steve I know..." She said to me. "I just don't want to do it in front of so many people, I'm gonna try and wait until after the ride."

"Ok sweetie, go for it." I said to her. And with that, we got on the ride. We both sat down, with Millie and Taylor sitting right in front of us. And in the moment, the joy that is Disney world kicked in, because whatever stress and anxiety Harper was feeling instantly faded and turned into excitement. The train left the station, went around the bend and started up the lift hill. Once we got to the top, all our hands were up, and we all screamed as we went down! But, right at the first turn at the bottom of the hill, Harper grabs my arm, and screams in my ear:

"IM PEEING MY DIAPER!"

I just looked at her wide eyed, but couldn't really say anything, considering we were on a roller coaster. It didn't matter what I had to say anyway, because Harper was already back to screaming with delight, with her hands in the air.

Once the ride finished, we all hopped off and walked out. Once we were more by ourselves, I looked at Harper.

"Are you ok there?? What happened??"

She just smiled. "Well, I could tell once we went up the hill I wasn't going to be able to hold it. And once we started going down hill, I couldn't hold it if I tried! The ride was so shaky and fun, my pee just came right out of me!"

We all laughed, seeing as how Harper seemed to be ok with it all.

"Well I'm glad you're all good then crazy girl. How's the pull up feel?"

Harper thought for a second, took a few steps in place, then gave her butt a little wiggle. "It feels like a mix between a wet diaper and some wet panties! Is it sagging? Can anyone see it below my skirt?" She asked.

The three of us looked down.

"No, you're all good honey!" Millie said to her.

"Bend down quick?" Taylor asked.

Harper bent down as if she was tying one of her shoes.

"It shows a little when you bend over, but don't worry, all diapers do that.

"Ok then!" Harper said, popping back up with a final. "My pull up is nice and warm right now, so I'm feeling gooooood!"

We all laughed at the funny voice she used, and started heading to our next ride.

A few more hours went by incident free, before the next excitement came through. It was now around 3 or 4 in the afternoon. I had been up for almost 15 hours now, so I was getting very tired. And even though the girls slept in the car, I could tell they were too. We'd decided that after one or two more rides, we'd call it a day at Magic Kingdom and head back to check in to our hotel, and go swim at the pool.

So, we were heading to it's a small world, when Millie started lagging behind us.

"You ok love?" I asked her.

"Oh yeah babe, I just finally have to pee now, I'm looking for a good place to let it out quick."

"Oh, ok!" I said to her. "Were you gonna let it out slowly, while we walked? Or pull off to the side and let it all out quick?"

"No there's still too many people around, people would see the puddles under my feet from miles away." She said to me. "But that spot over there, that looks promising.

Millie pointed to a ledge back way off to the side of the main walkway. The ledge was right up against the grass and some bushes, so if she sat on it just right, she could pee off the back of it with her butt hanging off.

"That's perfect, I'm about to pee right here on the sidewalk, let's go!" She ran ahead of us to go and sit down, while I snagged Taylor and Harper. Once we all walked over there, Millie was already mid pee.

"Ahhhhhh that feels so good..." Millie said.

Because she was in panties and a pair of black shorts, there wasn't any worry of it showing or anything. But because how furiously she was peeing, she'll certainly have a big wet spot for an hour or two.

"Thank God, I really needed that. You're right Taylor, peeing my panties really does make everything so much better. It's so comforting, and really caps off an amazing day!"

She was still going after almost a minute, with the loud hiss against her shorts finally slowing to a trickle.

"So what now kiddos, one more ride and we call it a day?"

"Sounds good to me!"

"Yes!"

"Absolutely!" All three of them said.

We then trecked off to the Haunted mansion, one more calm, slower ride to wind down on. Once inside, the cool air was immediately refreshing, and we were excited to sit for the ride. However, it wasn't long until Harper's delayed bowel movement snuck up on her.

We were maybe half way through the ride when she stopped smiling immediately and grabbed my arm.

"Steve, oh my god. I have to poop"

"Oh no!" I said back. "Can you hold it until we're off the ride?"

"I don't know, I don't think so... Maybe!"

Harper immediately buckled over, holding her stomach, and she propped her foot up underneath her butt to help her hold it in. Luckily the ride isn't too long, and we were nearing the end. However, Harper said.

"Oh my god Steve, it's about to come out! And I think it's going to be alot!"

"We're almost there Harper, keep holding on!"

"I'm afraid if I get up it's all going to come out!"

Before I could respond we came around the last turn, and was back at the loading dock. I stepped out, and took harpers hand. She gingerly accepted it, and slowly stood up, still holding her stomach. She was also hunched over, taking small steps, and unashamedly holding hear rear end with her hand rather tightly.

"Ok Harper" I told her, "we can make it out of the park in about five minutes if we hurry. Do you think you can make it?"

"No Steve I don't think I can, but I'll try!"

The four of us then we're back on the main walk way in the park. Unfortunately, we couldn't go as fast as I'd liked, with Harper shuffling so slowly. But it didn't matter, because only a minute later, it happened.

"Guys. Oh no. Guys, it's coming out, I'm pooping myself, I'm pooping!" She said, very panicked.

Harper then stood still, in the middle of the walk way, still hunched over and pushed out her poop into her pull up. She even had on that face that toddlers make when they poop, that one where they kinda look all deadpan, but strain their face as they push out the poo. She did that over and over again for a solid minute, and there was nothing the rest of us could do but watch.

"Oh my god, Harper! That one really smells!" Taylor said to her, laughing.

Harper couldn't respond though, as she was still filling her pull up. As she went, the pull up continued to sag lower and lower, until we could see the brown pull up hanging below the hem of her skirt. While it was an incredibly sexy sight, I knew I had to help her.

I whispered to her as she finished up: "Harper, your pull-up is about to fall right off you, you're going to have to grab it with your one hand."

She looked at me with eyes as big as bowls. She quickly took her off hand and grabbed her pull up through her skirt, holding it to her side. I looped my arm through her other arm, and the four of us made our way out of the park. Harper had tears in her eyes, but she was handling it like a champ.

Thankfully, we made it all the way to the car without any farther issue. Once we got there, we saw there were no other people around us, and we all relaxed.

"So Harper, feeling better now that you pooped?"

"Yes, oh my god I can't believe that happened!" She said, with a hand still holding up her pull up."

"Im so proud of you for not crying too like a big girl! Good job!"

She smiled at me, and Taylor and Millie have her a little clap.

"Also, since we're all alone back here, you can go ahead and let go of your pull up and I'll clean you up."

Harper again smiled, quickly let go of her skirt, and we all watched as her pull-up immediately slid down her legs and landed on the pavement with a huge *plop*!

We all kind of stared in shock for a second at that one, before breaking out into fits of laughter. I promptly cleaned everyone up, and we headed back to check into the hotel.

*010*2021-11-08 16:46

Chapter 7: Disney World Water Park

Day two of our Disney world adventure wasn't nearly as interesting, bathroom wise. We spent the day at Epcot, which was amazing! And everyone wet themselves at one point or another, but it was much more controlled and expected for the most part.

Day three however, turned out to be amazing for everyone. We decided to spend our last day at Disney world at one of the water parks. Since it was summer, we felt that cooling off in the water was the best way to spend our time. Plus, for Millie and Harper at least, wearing a swimsuit meant they could pee whenever and wherever they wanted! All they had to do was make it look like they were dripping wet, or even pee in the water or on a ride and they would be good to go. Pooping however, was a different matter, which you will soon come to learn.

Taylor, bless her heart, had a bit of a different experience than the rest of us. While she could have worn a swim suit, she really didn't want to. Somehow she found a swim diaper that fit her. It essentially looked like a cross between bikini bottoms and an actual diaper. Maybe a little bulkier, but you couldn't tell unless you were standing right next to her. It also was apparently very tight at the legs and waist, so as to avoid any potential wets and messes from leaking out.

So on our last morning in Disney world, we all got up and got dressed for the waterpark. Millie and Harper both packed one piece suits. They were pretty plain-- each had criss-cross straps at the top, an open spot in the back, and a smaller, but still sexy, butt area that allowed their cheeks to show off alot, with that suits going up their cracks as well. Taylor ended up going the two piece route, even with her swim diaper. She surprisingly pulled it off though. It was a simple black top, with her swim diaper being a cobalt blue. Luckily for her, the diaper was form fitting enough that no one should think twice about it.

We got to the water park maybe an hour after it opened.

"Ok girls, this is gonna be fun!" I told them as we searched for a spot by the wave pool to set our stuff.

"Hell yeah!" Millie said as she gave me a kiss. "I love water parks!"

"We do too!" Said Harper and Taylor.

"Ok now so you all know the drill. Pee whenever and wherever you want, just be sure you are either dripping wet from water, or in the water altogether. Taylor, do as you please!"

"Don't mind if I do!" Taylor said back to me. She then spread her legs apart a bit and out her hands on her hips as if she were super girl. Apparently, she was already letting out the first pee of the day!

"Wow Taylor, already?" I said. "It's only 10 in the morning!"

"I know, but I had alot of coffee this morning, so I might as well!" She said, laughing. "Besides, I never get to wear my swim diapers, they are so fun! They don't really absorb pee very well, so it stays all pooled up in the crotch and keeps me nice And comfy!"

"But doesn't that give you problems?" I asked her.

"Nah, i can either empty it out in the pool or on a ride, or off to the side behind a tree or something if I need to." She replied.

"Well, ok then! You enjoy!"

And with that, we were off to the first ride. With water parks, you kinda just go on what you can, when you can. So we started at one edge of the park, going on a few different tube rides, log flumes and body slides. About halfway through the day, we ended up back at the wave pool for a bit. Millie and I decided to get some sun for a bit, sitting out on the beach chairs, while Taylor and Harper splashed around in the pool in front of us.

"Isn't this nice baby?" I asked Millie.

"So nice Steve, thank you for bringing us here!" She said back. "I can tell we all really needed this."

"Yeah we really did, didn't we" I said. "I hope everyone is having fun."

"Of course we are! Look!" Millie said back, pointing at Harper and Taylor. The two of them were splashing, swimming around and laughing the heads off. It was so nice to see them having a good time.

"Hey you two!" Taylor said to us, walking out of the water. "I think Harper needs some help!"

I looked over to Harper, who was standing still about waist deep in the water. She was staring right at us, but not really focusing on us either.

"Oh lord, I hope she's ok" I said as I got up. But as I did, Harper started smiling, still standing there.

"Oh honey, I think she's peeing herself!" Millie said to me.

"Haha I bet you're right, let me go check on her!" I said, walking out into the water.

As I got closer to her, she noticed I was walking towards her and smiled. "Hey Steve!" She said with a wave.

"Hey Harper, you doing ok over here?" I asked.

"Oh yeah I'm fine! I was just starting to wet myself, so I just stood up and let it out. I'm still going actually!" She said back.

Sure enough, once I stood right up next to her, the water was a good bit warmer, and the faintest bit yellow as well.

"You naughty girl!" I said, bumping her with my arm. "I'm proud of you though, not crying while outside with a bunch of people around!"

"Hey I'm not naughty!" She said with an adorable pout. " But thank you though! Once I realized no one could see me peeing in the water, I just decided to go for it!"

"Well good for you sweetie. You have fun!" I said to her, walking back to my chair.

"Will do!" She said back.

Eventually we all hopped into the wave pool for a while, before heading off to hit a few more rides. While we were waiting for one of the big four person tube rides, things really started to get interesting again, this time with Taylor. We were about halfway up the big staircase to the top of the ride, when she leans over to me.

"Hey Steve." She whispered.

"Yes?"

"Remember how I said I had a bunch of coffee this morning?"

"...yes?" I replied, cautiously.

"Well, we're about to have a very big problem." She said, now hunched over a little.

"Oh no" I said, a little too loudly.

"What's wrong?" Millie asked, turning to me.

"Taylor has to poop, and it doesn't look good."

"Oh my." She said back to me.

Harper, Millie and I discussed if there was anything we could do. It was a similar situation to two days ago, in that we'd been waiting for maybe 30 minutes now, and had maybe 15 more to go until we can go down the ride. Unfortunately, we came up with nothing.

"I'm sorry Taylor, but it looks like we're stuck here. Unless, you think we should head down?"

"No!" She exclaimed. "I want to go on this ride dangit!"

"Well, do you think you can hold it?" I asked.

"No, I'm pretty certain I've got about ten minutes tops before these swim diapers become way fuller than they are meant to be."

"Oh dear..." I said to her.

We kind of stood in silence for a bit, waiting for the inevitable to happen. That is, right before we hit the top of the ride, I had an idea.

"Hey Taylor, come here!" I said. I grabbed her and put her right in front of me in line, with her facing away from me. I had Millie stand in front of her, and I had Harper stand to the side of us. We now kind of had Taylor hidden from sight, and pinned against the side of the stairs, offering the most privacy we could in such an awkward moment.

"Ok sweetie, you can let it go" I whispered to her.

She didn't say a word, but I could tell she was about to go. I grabbed her hand, and pushed myself right up against her to shield as much as I could from view. Luckily for me, this left my crotch pressed up against her bum as it began filling with poo. She sort of got into a little squatting position, sucking her thumb as always, and right away I heard her begin pooping herself. I looked down, and I saw her sprout a tail in her swim diapers. It hung there for a few seconds, before breaking off and dropping to the bottom of the diaper. Another rush of poop followed right after that, seemingly filling the diaper up entirely. Taylor straightened up, seemingly finished for the time being.

"Are you ok? How was that?" I asked her.

"There is so much poop in my diaper, oh my god!" She whispered to me.

And she was right. It almost looked like her swim diaper doubled in size. It puffed her butt out, and sagged down very low as well.

"Taylor it seems so full, how much did you go?"

"Steve, it's everywhere. It's so mushy, it filled up under my vagina entirely, went halfway up the front of my vagina, and halfway up my ass as well."

I was shocked so much poop could come out of her!

"It actually feels... Amazing..." She whispered to me, biting her lip.

"I wish you could masturbate, but it's a little too public for that!"

"I know..." She said sadly.

"I'm not even sure you should go down the ride with all that poop in there honey!" I said to her.

"No, I'm going! It'll hold, just you watch!" She said back proudly. At that point I didn't even care, because we were at the top of the ride, next to go down.

There was no time to make any objections anyway, as we were quickly shoved into our tube and onto the loading platform. I watched Taylor sit in the pool with the massive amount of poo sitting in her swim diapers, ready for disaster. But incredibly, nothing was leaking! She turned her head to look at me, and gave me a wink just before we were pushed down the slide.

Once we got to the bottom I quickly turned my head, looking all around to see if there was any sort of mess we might get kicked out of the park for! But incredibly, I couldn't find anything. I looked over at Taylor, who was rapidly exiting the pool. I looked down at her bottom, and while nothing was leaking, all the water saturation certainly made it sag, and start to change color as well.

"That was awesome! Is everyone alright?" I asked as we got out of the pool.

"Yep!" Milly and Harper said in unison.

"Kinda!" Taylor said with a chuckle, which we all knew too well.

We all exchanged a glance and a laugh, then quickly walked back to our stuff.

"Taylor, your bottom looks like it can't last much longer, what are we gonna do? I can't change you in the park, do you want to change yourself?" I asked her.

"Well, it's already pretty late, and we've been here a while. Do you guys want to call it a day so I can be changed? Or did you want to stay?"

"I don't care either way, I guess we've had enough fun for the day." Millie said.

"Yeah, same here" Harper replied. "Besides, I may have to poo soon too, so I guess we should get going!"

"Alright then, it's decided!" I said to the group. "Everybody pack up your things, let's go ahead and get out of here before Taylor's rear end starts to leak!"

They all laughed as we began to pack up. I still don't know how it lasted as long as it did, but we made it out to the parking lot without any of Taylor's poo spilling out of her diaper. Our cat was quite a ways away still though, and I began to see signs of a mess forming between her legs.

"Taylor, you ok over there? Looks like your diaper is finally losing its grip!"

Taylor didn't respond, so I turned around to look at her. She was walking in a very funny way, repeatedly hunching over and her legs bedding weirdly in and out. I though she was about to poop again, before I saw her face and realized, she was about to orgasm!

"Oh my goddddd..." Taylor said, eyes closed and checks flushed as she walked. She really had to have been horny after that mess, and all that poop rubbing around her vagina really must have done a number on her.

"Guys, I'm cumming, it's happening oh my god this is amazing!" Taylor whispered.

She stopped and buckled over, kind of bucking her hips in the back of the parking lot as the three of us watched. As she came, more poo started to leak out of her swim diapers and down her legs, but she didn't care, it was very clear she was in ecstasy.

"Wow Taylor" Harper said, biting her lip. "That looked amazing..."

"It really was..." Taylor said, standing back up.

"We might have to try that some time, good lord!" Said Millie.

We finally reached my car in the back of the lot and popped the trunk so I could get Taylor changed right away. I picked her up and laid her down, her checks still flushed and thumb in her mouth. It looked like she was riding the high of her orgasm as long as she could.

"Ok sweetie let's get you cleaned up so we can get home, ok?" I said to her.

She didn't respond, and just laid there, smiling. I opened up her diaper, and it was a war zone. Poop was literally everywhere, all up her ass crack, pooled up at the gusset, and all the way up her vagina. I took off the diaper and tossed it, there was no saving that thing. I had to use a dozen wipes just to get her mostly clean, but she will need a shower when she gets home.

With that, we all hopped in the car.

"So, did we have a nice trip everyone?" I asked.

"Yes!!" They all said in unison. "Thank you so much Steve!" Millie said to me with a kiss. I drove away from the water park, and began the long journey home.

