Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 11

Author: Poowrite

*256*2015-08-26 17:58

{{: 

Also, is partially losing control a danger? Like, wetting herself a bit, or lightly soiling her trousers, but then temporarily managing to regain control? I don't suppose a "Trouser Cleanliness" status would be too silly, would it?

}}

{{: 

How clustered are the buildings in this city? A rooftop approach might be another idea.

}}

I don't like adding to this thread if I don't have the next event ready, but I wanted to address these in case it affects anyone's choice.

On the subject of wetting a little bit, currently an accident results in a complete voiding. You could have Calista try to let a little out, though once she gets going she might not be able to stop :3.

On the subject of the rooftops, the buildings are clustered together enough to allow for that approach if you want to look for a way up.

*259*2015-08-31 05:22

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Desperate / Full

In spite of the urgent nature of your decision, you take a moment to reflect on how funny a thing fear is. Though the twelve zombies represent a clear and present danger, and a real threat to your well-being, you find yourself more at ease with the idea of facing them than facing possible unknown horrors lurking in the shadows. Part of this, you know, has to do with the link you're still sharing with Myra. A link that you'll likely have to break, at least temporarily, in order to dispose of the shambling corpses.

Plus, it isn't as if there aren't good reasons to eliminate the monsters. They pose a threat to the people of Dawnswall, and you aren't sure you could forgive yourself if someone was killed because you failed to act. You take solace in this, telling yourself that your reasons for fighting the zombies are altruistic, and have nothing to do with the cold sense of dread you feel in your stomach when you peer into the shadows between the buildings.

“We'll deal with the zombies,” you say. “We can't risk that someone else will wander into this square and get killed because we didn't take them out when we had the chance.”

“Calista. Are you sure you, uh, don't need to take care of something first...” Lucius asks. You feel your cheeks grow warm. You had been trying to downplay how badly you needed to empty your bladder, but had started squirming as you deliberated about the nature of fear. Only now that Lucius has pointed it out do you realize that your shapely thighs are squeezed tightly together and that you're shifting your weight from one foot to the other. You force yourself to stop the childish “potty dance”, but keep your legs pressed together. You really do need to pee badly. You can feel the leaden weight of your bladder low in your abdomen, and a sharp pressure between your legs. Every little motion results in a cramping sensation, and an urge to simply let nature run its course.

Then, there is the distinct bloaty feeling higher up in your stomach, and the tightness in your sides indicative of an urge to move your bowels. Your bladder is definitely the more pressing concern at the moment, but you know from experience how quickly the discomfort in your stomach could become an unbearable urge. Due to the nature of your magical talents, you had grown more accustom than most to fighting while needing to answer nature's call. But, knowingly going into battle with such a distraction was an unnecessary handicap. And wetting or messing yourself in the middle of combat would be just as distracting and just as much of a handicap. Lucius was right, it was best for you to deal with this before engaging the zombies.

You sigh. “Yeah, I probably should take of that while I have a chance.”

Lucius nods. “Alright. Uh, if you go a little ways into the alley you should have a little privacy. I'll keep an eye on Myra in the meantime.” You thank Lucius, and make your way toward the darkness between the buildings.

What happens next is really not Myra's fault. After all, she doesn't have the years of experience telling her to use the hushed voices you and Lucius are using. And even with you taking some of her fear upon yourself, she's still just a child. You feel a spike of panic as you near the shadows, then feel something tug at your overskirt.

“No! Don't go... t-there might be something h-hiding in there...” she warns in a voice that is just a little too loud.

“Shit. Calista, you're going to have to wait. They heard her,” Lucius warns. You turn to see that all twelve zombies have started shambling towards you, arms outstretched and milky, pupil-less eyes staring ahead. A mournful, hungry wail rises up in the square, echoing off the walls of the building and hanging eerily in the air.

“I'm sorry! I didn't mean...” Myra gushes. You put a hand on her shoulder and offer her a smile.

“It's okay, Myra. We were going to fight them anyway, so no harm done, right? Listen, I've been helping you stay strong ever since we met but I need to focus on fighting now. I can't help you, but I need you to stay as calm and quiet as you can. Can you do that,” you ask. You see the unease in Myra's expression, but can feel her resolve when she offers you a single nod. You squeeze her shoulder reassuringly, then sever the link you'd been sharing with her.

All at once, the childlike fear that has permeated your thoughts evaporates. The shadows seem to recede, the terror of the unknown giving way to the courage and confidence that you've earned over the years. You stand a bit taller as you step forward, taking in the battlefield with a tactical eye. You can see that this square is much narrower than the last, and many of the zombies are grouped together in clusters of three or four.

You step forward again, defiant against the advancing horde. Your skin tingles as you pull aether into yourself, directing the latent power to a point just beyond the palm of your right hand. A red-orange glow illuminates the night as a ball of fire ignites in your hand. It inflates as you pour more aether into it, fueling the magic with no regard for what it might mean for your trousers.

Your fireball reaches about a foot in diameter, the flames comprising it swirling as they preform a mesmerizing dance. It almost seems eager to destroy, and with the zombies drawing ever closer you are happy to comply. You throw the fireball, and it streaks through the night burning a trail of fire in midair behind it.

It hits the center zombie in a cluster of four squarely in the chest. A brilliant flash of fiery light bathes the square as your fireball erupts into a splash of liquid flame. Your primary target and the three zombies closest to it are obliterated, and the resulting sheet of fire coats a fifth zombie. It burns rapidly, dropping before it can reach you and your allies. Unfortunately, your attack proves just a little too strong. Flames coat the side of one of the nearby buildings. Predictably, they cling to the structure and begin to burn it down.

“Calista! You have to do something about that fire,” Lucius says, moving into the square. You watch him approach the zombies cautiously. The undead turn towards him, decaying feet shuffling them closer and closer to the big man. He circles around, looking for a vantage point, careful to never let himself get surrounded. The monsters are slow, unarmed, and unintelligent. So long as Lucius doesn't allow himself to get swarmed, he'll be fine.

Which leaves you with the fire. Which you can likely extinguish with your magic. There is only one problem. That fireball pushed you to the brink of your control. You can feel a small, damp spot on your undergarment and know that you leaked a little while casting the spell. And the weight in your bowels has shifted downward and now sits in the lowest part of your colon like a leaden brick. You feel childish, standing there with your legs rubbing together, slightly doubled over from the discomfort in your abdomen, but you also know how dangerously close you are to completely voiding in your trousers...

1. Help Lucius with the zombies.

2. Put out the fire before it gets out of control.

3. Relieve yourself on the ground, then help Lucius.

4. Relieve yourself on the ground, then deal with the fire.

5. Other.

Calista's Bladder has gone from Desperate to Losing it!

Calista's Bowel has gone from Full to Desperate

