The Popular Boy and The Big Squeeze

Author: The Shark

*000*2017-12-31 22:59

Alright so this is my first crack at male desperation. It was done as a request and I'm eager to please. Hope ya'll enjoy!

Chris sat in his geometry class, the equations the teacher was spouting whizzing over his head as he tried to concentrate on a different kind of problem. Chris was tan, muscular boy in his senior year of high school. He was quite popular. Girls loved him, boys wanted to be him (and some even to be loved by him) and he always dressed extremely fashionably. Today he wore straight blue skinny jeans, regular old converse sneakers, and a white tee shirt with a twenty-one-pilot’s logo on the front. Chris normally had no issues in his life. Rich family gets you that now days. But there was a big issue on his mind right now. He had to poop really fucking badly.

Chris tried to trace back why this was happening as he squirmed in his seat. He had eaten a normal breakfast, lucky charms and a bagel. He thought harder as he pressed his firm ass into the metal chair under him, his stomach gurgling a bit. “I normally can hold it all day… why is this happening now!” He mumbled. Let’s see… lucky charms. It dawned on Chris suddenly. His drink. Normally he just had a glass of water but this morning he tried the orange juice that had been in the fridge for a while. He didn’t even check the expiration date! And now he was paying for it. Chris crossed his legs tight under him and bounced a little. He raised his hand and asked to go to the water fountain, too afraid to mention the bathroom allowed. The teacher, being favorable towards Chris, allowed him to go. He got up, placed his hands in his pockets, and walked out, his ass cheeks stiff behind him.

“This is fantastic! Get this on film now!” Jack said to his camera man. Jack and his buddy Erin were doing a journalistic investigation into the dirty toilet in the high school. Jack and Erin were two, simple looking seniors, Jack being blond and Erin being a brown-haired nobody. Jack was mortified with how dirty the toilets were (even though they really weren’t that bad.) “Do you see this stain mark! Ladies and gentlemen, I tell you this is terrible!” Jack said into the camera. Just then the men’s room door swung open.

Nick was a gentle man, skinny with black curly hair. He wore a plain white gym shirt with black shorts and a pair of black flip flops. All was usually well for Nick, except for the fact he was furiously grabbing his cock in an effort to not piss himself as he burst into the men’s room. He had to piss extremely badly. Not only had Nick forgot his usually morning pee, but he drank way too much during gym class and he had to go NOW! He flew past the door and up to a urinal when suddenly he was grabbed around the waist making a quick spurt fly from his cock into his pants.

Jack was the one holding back Nick. “Hey! Were filming in here! Get away!” He said as he pulled nick from the urinal. “B-What But!” Nick stammered as he was thrust away from the relief he desperately craved. “No buts! You cannot contaminate our investigative reporting with your piss!” Jake said before shoving Nick from the bathroom. Nick crossed his legs outside the bathroom door, a hand clasped around his cock through his shorts trying desperately to keep his flood at bay. Just then he spotted Chris to his right walking up. “O-Oh Hey Chris” Nick stammered trying to look a little more normal by straightening up.

“Hey Bud. Uh…. Something going on in here?” Chris said anxiously. His ass cheeks were pushed tight together as he held in his own load. “I don’t know man! Two jerks are in there filming shit and- And they wont let me piss!” Nick shuddered as he pushed harder into his crotch. “Ah… I see. Well. Let me talk to them.” Chris walked up to the bathroom door and peaked in. “Ey boys, what’s the hold up.” He asked Jack. “Were doing an investigat-“ Jack tried to say before getting cut off.

“Yeah cut to the chase how long is this gunna be” Chris said bouncing a little in place. “Well for you pretty boy I think I can manage the end of the day, hows that?” Jake said in the snarkiest tone he could muster. “That fucker” Chris muttered walking away. He couldn’t make a big deal and let the people around him know he had to poop. He just couldn’t. Nick was bouncing furiously next to him, he didn’t want to turn out to be like him. So he decided to go back to class. “I can hold it… Im a big guy cmon now…” He murmured as he big farewell and good luck to his friend, and walked back to class. As he reached the doorway to his classroom, he grimaced as a new feeling fell upon him, a need to pee.

Just as Chris was getting back to class someone new was rushing to the men’s room. A guy by the name of Paul, kind of nerdy guy with glasses, blond hair. He was just coming out of volleyball practice with black shorts, a red shirt, and a pair of flip flops and he desperately had to pee. Being he had been playing his sport he was drinking a lot of water and it all had rushed to his bladder. The stupid stalls in the locker rooms were always broken so here he was, rushing to the bathroom inside the school trying not to wet himself. As Paul raced into the bathroom, he heard a voice behind him telling him to stop, but he paid it no mind. However, as he pushed his was to a urinal Jack grabbed his arm and pulled him back.

“Not so fast buddy, were doing an investigative piece here! You can’t just piss all over it!” Now, why Jack didn’t just throw Paul out like he did Nick, Jack didn’t even know. Maybe he was just feeling vindictive. He pushed Paul into a stall and sat him down on the toilet. Paul was stunned, his need to pee clouding his judgment. All he wanted was to spray his piss somewhere not in his pants. He sat holding himself as Jake started to talk. “So, Paul is it? If you answer our questions you can pee. Simple right?” Jake said. Paul nodded quickly. Fuck he just wanted to pee. And sitting on a toilet made it worse.

As all this was going on inside the bathroom someone else was trying to get in from the outside. Nico, a tall brown haired, football player type guy, was bouncing outside trying to get into the bathroom. He wore a blue hoodie, white shorts and flip flops.

“Erin hold that door shut” Jake shouted, and Erin obliged, pushing his weight against the door to keep it from opening.

“H-Hey! Let me in dammit!” Nico shouted.

“Oh boy we have a competition now! Wonderful!” Jake said sneakily. “Okay new rules. Whoever gets a question right gets to piss in the bowl. Simple!” He shouted so Nico could head.

“Fuck you!” Nico responded, a hand on his cock. He had to piss bad. He kept banging and pushing on the door only for Erin to push back harder. Nico kept getting peeks of the beautiful urinals he craved but it all was for nothing as the door kept being shut in his face.

“You fuckers!” He cried. All those Gatorades during in school practice were all pushing against the end of his penis. Paul was holding himself too, crossing his legs and bouncing as he tried to hold on while sitting on a toilet! “Alright question one!” Jake says loudly. Just as Jake was starting his little game something else happened outside. Nick had been standing outside the bathroom patiently waiting for this all to end so he could pee in peace. In a rash move he had rushed into the girls room only to be pushed out by a bunch of cheer leaders! “I-I just wanted to pee!!!” He shouted as they pushed him out. Nico saw this and saw the wet spot forming on Nicks pants as he grabbed himself forcefully. Nick burst all over himself as piss jetted into his pants and down his legs. He tried to stop the flow, but it just wouldn’t stop. Seeing all of this Nico felt a spurt shoot into his shorts. He grabbed himself harder and shouted, “ASK THE DAM QUESTION”

“Oh this is fun… In what year was the toilet invented!” Jake said laughing. Paul stammered. He never payed attention in history class. Nico trembled outside, another spurt seeping into his shorts as he desperately thought about the question. Of course, thinking about toilets didn’t help either of these guys. “15…95???” Nico blurted out. “CORRECT!” Jake screamed, grabbing Paul by the wrist and pushing him from the bathroom and Erin opened the door for Nico.

“Wha! No! Please!!!” Paul cried, his hands grabbing his crotch under his shorts now, his cock erect and hard from holding so long. Nico rushed in only for Jake to push him back out, one hand on his shoulder, the other on his bladder as he was shoved back into the hallway! “Fuck! No! DAMMIT!” Nico yelled as a longer spurt shot from his cock. Paul couldn’t take it anymore. He crossed his legs as piss started to shoot from his penis, drenching his shorts as he bounced in place. Nico saw all of this and couldn’t take it either. First Nick, now Paul? He couldn’t hold it. Pee flooded his shorts as it splashed from his cock. He slumped against the bathroom door as he continued to pee, Paul following suit as they both finished pissing. The three guys all looked at each other and laughed slightly. “Fuck… Alright who’s got a change of clothing.”

“I have some in my car. Let’s get out of here…” Nick said. They all rose, still covered in pee, and walked out.

Chris pushed himself deeper into his chair. While all the other guys were having their own pissing extravaganza Chris was struggling with his own issues. His ass was straining against a massive load, his cock was straining against a massive flood. Sure, it was his last class, but he didn’t know if he could make it the full hour. His hand was pushing into his crotch as his other hand pulled himself hard into his chair. He couldn’t take it much longer. He raised his hand and asked to use the bathroom. The teacher, again, was very nice and allowed him to go. This time his steps were slower, more pronounced, and his ass was VERY tight right now. Once he left the class his right hand shot to his crotch to hold on. Chris rushed to the bathroom and opened the door, and to his relief Jake and Erin were gone! Chris sighed and rushed to a stall, panting at his desperate need. But just as he was getting his jeans down he felt water spray up onto his ass.

“What the” He said as he turned. There was water leaking from the pipes of the toilet. He quickly pulled his pants up. Just then he heard an explosion next to him and wanted poured from the stall next to him. “OH SHIT!” He said and rushed from his stall literal seconds before his exploded. He glanced at the urinals to see them overflowing. All this water. A squirt of pee leaked into his jeans. Chris gasped and grabbed his crotch.

Just as he was debating just popping a squat right there, the janitor came in. “Goodness me kiddo! Those damn filmin kids. They been explodin all my toilets!!!” He said exasperated. “Ya gotta go kid, I got a big ole mess to clean.” He said to chris, motioning him out the door. “B-But” Chris stammered as he left. He had no choice. He had to go back to his class. He shuffled back, a hand on his ass and a hand on his cock as he held onto both ends. The end was near for this popular senior. He walked back into class but just when he was about to go to his seat, the teacher asked him to come to a problem on the board.

“I- I…” He stammered again. He couldn’t say no. He waddled up to the board and started to look over the problem. His legs were bent inward, his ass flexing against the load inside of him, one hand was on his cock as he tried to scribble on the board. His stomach rumbled, and he moaned, doubling over. His eyes went wide. A loud and massive fart ripped through his pants. It felt wet. A small stain appeared on his skinny jeans. The release from the back relaxed him just enough for a release on the front, and a a spurt of piss pushed from his cock. Chris moaned trying to hold it all in. He bounced in front of everyone trying desperately to keep from humiliating himself. He turned and saw girls laughing, and guys recoding it on their phones. He couldn’t stop it. He felt a turtle head poke from his butthole and start to seep out. He felt the warmth of his crotch as piss starts to steadily jet from him

Chris burst completely. Piss started spraying wildly into the front of his jeans as he held himself tight. His ass spread open as massive logs started to push from him into his jeans, straining the fabric under the immense load, and after he was done with his solid logs, the diarrhea started to flow, pouring over and staining the butt of his jeans a dark brown as it swelled in his ass area and down his legs, Chris moaned in relief, his cheeks turning red as he finished. His ass felt soggy, his pants were drenched in a mixture of poop and piss. He turned to his class. The girls were shocked, the boys were laughing and posting their videos on Facebook and snapchat. Even the teacher was gasping as the insanity of it all. Chris could almost cry from embarrassment. He rushed himself from the room, as fast as a guy with a load in his pants could, and raced to his car to try and go home.

Over the next week the video spread like wildfire. Everyone in the school knew what had happened to Chris in that classroom. He walked into school every day with his head held low under a hoodie with the hood pulled up as people laughed at him. He was humiliated. All until he was approached by three guys asking to talk. It was Paul, Nick, and Nico. “Listen man we saw what happened to you… And we feel for you… we all have accidents… we all did the same day you did.” Nick said to the saddened Chris. “R-Really?” Chris said looking at the three guys standing before him. “Yeah. Was kinda a shit show. No pun intended. Cmon, lets grab lunch.” The four of them all smiled together, a new group of friends, and walked to the lunch room, Chris making a mental note not to get orange juice with his order.

*002*2018-01-02 02:10

{{3 hours ago, Brown&yellow said:

WOW this is HOT.

}}

Thank you! Glad you liked it. :3 might be doing so more male stories in the future so stay tuned!

