Heroes of the New World (ft. art by Leaky Panties)

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2021-07-03 04:21

You can blame Invincible for getting me into superhero stuff. So I decided to come up with a few of my own and make them crap their pants.

And I'd like to thank the one and only Leaky Panties for making so much fantastic art for this story! Additionally, credit for the costume designs goes to Leaky, as well.

Hope you guys enjoy!

Sally Hayes had no idea what was going on.

Or rather, she had a pretty decent idea, but the adrenaline and terror choked up her senses, and turned a lot of it into a big blur. People, guns, shooting, screaming. She had the pieces, but beyond that was chaos to her at the moment. They hadn’t seen her, yet. She knew that much. Deep breaths, focus.

People were attacking the market, she knew that. They were shooting, but Sally couldn’t see any bodies, so it must’ve been warning shots. People were on the ground, but not slumped over, on their knees, with their hands up. She’d seen three gunmen, and they had mean-looking rifles. They wore uniforms, and she guessed that they must’ve belonged to the New World terrorists, the ones all over the news. One of them only had a handgun, but could shoot fire out of his hands; he was a super. And twenty-two year-old Sally Hayes was hiding behind a shelf, trying to choose which one of many impulses to listen to. Currently, it was tied between giving herself up and surrendering; trying to run; or just wetting herself and fainting. Thinking about it, she supposed that fainting and then wetting herself was also on the table.

Voices sounded out, almost clear enough for her to make out. She realized it had gotten very quiet. The hostages had been told to shut up, she hoped. There were lights outside, flashing red and blue. Voices from outside, clashing with the ones inside. But they had hostages, the police would be little help. She dared to poke out from her hiding spot again, and saw that one of the terrorists had been sent to scour the building for any more potential hostages. Like her.

She hid down low once again, covering her mouth with her hand. Footsteps got close while the voices continued to argue and shout. She heard a whimper, and thought it had come from her own mouth, but it was slightly distant. The footsteps heard it, too. “Come out!” Hissed an angry man’s voice. More whimpers answered him.

“Come out!” He commanded, and Sally could hear the sounds of a scuffle. She looked out once again, seeing a violent-looking man grabbing a woman by her arm and trying to drag her out of her space between two aisles. She writhed in his grip, finally slithering her arm out of his hand, and falling onto the floor, landing on her rear. “Looks like we’re about to have our first example, huh?” He growled, retrieving his rifle and pointing it at the woman. She froze, stock still, as a pool of urine enveloped her butt and spread out around her. “There you go, see? Much simpler to be scared and do what you’re told, isn’t it?”

But despite her will to fight clearly being broken, he wasn’t done. He turned his gun around, and prepared to smash its stock into her. He could well have still planned to kill her. And at that moment, all of Sally’s careful observation and attempts to think went out the window. Suddenly, she knew only a few things.

She was Sally Hayes, a twenty-two year-old woman with dark skin and black hair. She was wearing a nice pink shirt with a brown leather jacket, and some comfortable baggy jeans. She was somewhat athletic, and probably stronger than the average person, but her physicality wasn’t anything too impressive. She worked as a saleswoman and had no combat experience, and yet she was diving forward to tackle an armed terrorist. And she was going to die.

She landed on his back, and he stumbled forward, almost toppling. She didn’t quite know where to go from there, so she tried to wrap her arm around his neck, like she’d seen on TV. He didn’t seem to be getting choked out, but he was pissed off. He reached back and struck at her wildly, trying to throw her from his back. She held on with all her might. After a lot of twisting and grappling, he finally managed to jam his elbow into her ribs, knocking her back, and away from him. With the speed and precision of a practiced killer, he turned, readied his weapon, aimed squarely between her eyes, and fired.

As he’d gone through these motions, Sally had been holding out her hands, preparing to scream. As he fired, she closed her eyes, feeling a cold, iron-like weight of fear in her stomach. After a few seconds, she wondered why the afterlife felt so normal, only to hear two more gunshots. She finally opened her eyes, and wasn’t certain what to make of what she saw. In front of her, there were little ripples in the air, with bullets floating in the middle of them. They’d been stopped mid-air. She thought it must’ve been the miraculously timely work of a superhero, but the gunner was confused as well. She knew, then, that she had been the one to stop the bullets.

The adrenaline returned, expanding her focus. Unfortunately for her, that meant that she finally noticed that the iron-like weight in her stomach had begun filling her panties. Her underwear grew tight as it was pushed and stretched by her mess, then began to sag down, having ample room inside of her baggy jeans. The generous amount of fabric made it so her large soiling wasn’t obvious, but there was something shameful about knowing just how large the hidden accident in her pants was.

$$

Despite the humiliation she was sure to feel if she survived, she tried to focus on the mortal danger she was in. Something had begun to click inside of her. She didn’t know how she knew to do it, but she flicked her wrists and the magical wall in front of her launched forward. It slammed into the gunman like a truck, flinging him backwards. Her instincts, continuing to awaken to this new sensation, propelled her forward. Extending one hand, she made a beckoning gesture with the other. The rifle flew to her open hand. That was as far as her power got her, though, leaving her to figure out the next step for herself. She didn’t want to kill anyone, even if they probably had it coming, so she just bashed him over the head with the weapon while he was still recovering from the psychic blast. He went out like a light.

Then there were more gunshots, and the aisle between her and the other terrorists was perforated with a dozen bullet holes. Cringing in fear once again, she held out her hands to form a protective barrier. She’d fully voided her bowels the first time, so at least she didn’t ruin her underwear any further. Once again, her instincts had served her well, as about seven bullets that would’ve been her end were embedded in her psychic barrier. Thank you, magical brain, she thought.

The onslaught of gunfire must’ve given the forces outside all the motivation they needed to make their move. Silhouettes outside the entrance grew closer, the shouting grew louder. Glass shattered. And then, stone shattered?

Peering over the aisle, Sally beheld the imposing form of a superhero, freshly crashed through the roof of the building. Dizzy, a famous hero who’d been saving the day everywhere for a few years, had arrived. Tall, muscular, light skin, and short, golden, windblown hair. Her hero outfit was simple, a forest green bodysuit with some angular, orange designs. The most complex part of her outfit was the vast array of cuts, burns, and damage that Dizzy refused to get patched up.

“Oh, they are fucked,” Sally muttered involuntarily. Dizzy was a powerful and renowned hero. It must’ve been a slow day for her to be available to respond to a threat of only three gunmen.

The leader, the super who could shoot fire, took his shot. A large burst of fire washed over the superhero. Terrifyingly, her silhouette was still visible within the flame, unflinching and unmoving. When the inferno came to an end, Dizzy was still there, not even lightly charred. “My turn,” she said with a smirk, and faster than an eye-blink, she’d charged forward and delivered a bone-shattering punch to the New World terrorist. He slammed into the wall, and did not move.

But the other gunner had not been idle. She held her weapon, a small submachine gun, against the head of a young man. “Back off, hero!” She barked. The good guys had once again been stalled by hostage taking. Only…

Sally willed her instincts to tell her something, give her some clue of how she could help. Her mind raced, and finally, she decided to try something. Focusing on the weapon, she held out her hand, palm facing up. Then, in a swift motion, shot her hand upwards. She smiled exuberantly when the gun did as it was told, and rocketed into the air, colliding with the ceiling. Disarmed and in disbelief, the terrorist released her grip on her hostage, and stumbled backwards as Dizzy approached, cracking her knuckles. The gunner’s black pants became host to a sheen of wetness as she piddled herself in fear. Dizzy still taught her a lesson or two.

###

Sirens wailed, a helicopter hovered overhead, police and EMTs swarmed the building, apprehending the terrorists and relieving the hostages. Some news crews had arrived, and were interviewing the people involved. Still dazed and in shock, Sally wasn’t quite sure how she’d wound up being filmed and interviewed alongside Dizzy, but there she was. Dizzy had congratulated her for her assistance with the situation, and even called her a hero. The media was eating it up, and wanted footage of the two. Sally, however, didn’t feel like she was worthy to stand beside the likes of the legendary hero, certainly not with loaded pants.

Oh dear Lord, I’m on national television and I crapped in my pants, she realized, causing her already awkward and stammering responses to grow even less coherent. Oh, please tell me no one can tell! Can they smell me?

“No more questions, guys!” Dizzy called out, to the disappointment of the news crews. She put her hand on Sally’s shoulder, “I think the hero of the day is still kinda shaken, so she should get to a doctor, see if she’s hurt.”

“Ah, yeah… ” Sally said.

Led inside by the legendary hero, they found their way to a more secluded spot, away from all the noise outside.

“Are you hurt? Like, badly?” Dizzy asked, seeming quite sincere.

“Um,” Sally inspected herself, patting her own body down (though careful not to pat her butt), “No, I don’t think so.”

“Good to hear. You should still get checked out, but I figured you’d like to, y’know, freshen up a bit, first.”

It was then that Sally noticed the hero had led her just outside the women’s bathroom. “Oh, uh… I see… ”

Dizzy practically read her mind, answering her unspoken question, “Don’t worry, you can’t see it. They just made me stand close to you, and I could, y’know, smell you.”

Sally shrunk down, humiliated. “I’m sorry… ”

Dizzy shrugged, “Happens to the best of us. It’s happened to tons of heroes, and it’s happened to me. Don’t sweat it.” The proud woman admitted to this without a hint of shame or embarrassment.

Sally hardly believed what she’d just heard. She’d always viewed the really famous heroes as just being invincible. To think they’d get so scared that they’d ruin their costumes was wild. “Um, if I can ask you something… ?”

“Shoot.”

“I just found out I have a power today. What… What do you think of it?”

“You did all that with a fresh power?” She sounded genuinely impressed, “Wait, why? Do you want to make something of that power?”

“I dunno. I was so scared, but I just moved and… I think I liked it. Being like a hero, that is.”

“You weren’t ‘like a hero,’ you were one,” Dizzy said with a smile, “And if you think you have what it takes, I’d be happy to make a pro out of you.” Sally only responded with an excited inhale and wide eyes. “Now go change your pants.”

###

Five months later…

Given the severe need for super-powered individuals in the defence of society, working with Dizzy, even as a trainee, had turned out to be pretty profitable. Sally’s old job had been nowhere near as lucrative, or fun. Her power, some type of telekinesis, was unnaturally strong, and she was a pretty quick study. In only a few weeks, Sally had learned how to handle and wield her power effectively, and had begun joining other heroes on small missions. Mostly simple stuff. Well, “simple” by superhero standards. Most people didn’t consider having guns shoved in their faces to be a simple affair. But Sally’s power made her particularly effective in stopping gunfire and disarming killers; and with the New World growing bolder every day, she was getting plenty of practice in.

She’d met lots of big name superheroes, too. From the gravity-defying Flux to the lightning-blasting Thunderhead, Sally had made a few noteworthy acquaintances. For the most part, they seemed impressed with her growing mastery over her power. Although, their most universal critique was over her composure. While she’d managed to avoid having any further accidents, she never quite managed to carry herself like a hero consistently. She wasn’t the comforting, inspiring presence that people like Dizzy were, yet.

But nonetheless, she was happy to take on the role of hero, even if it meant that, sometimes, like today, she just sat in the agency building, watching Dizzy face off against a supervillain on a widescreen television. The agency utilized special little drones during missions to record the events from multiple angles, providing higher quality and more versatile viewing than what the news would show the public. And, as she’d learned, frequently something would go wrong on a mission, and it would need to be fully omitted or doctored out of a news broadcast, while the drone footage was not edited at all.

The villain had a power that looked like some kind of superspeed, and he’d already gotten the better of two other heroes, elevating his threat class enough that Dizzy was called in. Given that her powers included superspeed along with a variety of other super abilities, the villain was quite simply outmatched. The fight was so fast that Sally could barely even keep up with what was happening, but she was more interested in their surroundings. Flipping between the drones’ views, she finally landed on the other two heroes who had been defeated. Mercifully, they weren’t severely injured. A man who had a power that let him create large wind gusts was unconscious, and his companion, a woman who could teleport short distances, was trying to rouse him. The two had been pretty thoroughly thrashed and… yep. As Sally observed the teleporting female hero, the legs of her dark blue outfit were soaked with pee. Poor thing, she thought.

In the scant few moments that she’d looked away, the fight had been settled, and Dizzy stood over the crumpled heap of the supervillain. As expected, she hadn’t even broken a sweat. Sally tried to think of something to say when her teacher returned, and inevitably asked what she’d learned from watching, when the door to the lounge swung open and a suit-wearing woman rushed inside. Andrea, a secretary with the agency, looked around the room in a panic, before settling her gaze on Sally. “Emergency!” She said, “A supervillain is wreaking havoc at Parker University!”

“A- a supervillain?!” Sally asked, “I’m not permitted to go against villains yet-”

“No time! Lives in danger!” The woman shouted. Despite her orders from Dizzy, Sally obediently bolted upright. Andrea had a frighteningly commanding presence.

“Well, what kind of powers do they have?” If she was destined to break the rules, she might as well do her best to live through it.

“We aren’t completely certain, but they appear to be able to move the earth around.”

Sally nodded dutifully, “I’ll do my best.” An earth-moving power against her telekinesis should be a fairly neutral matchup, with neither side truly able to counter the other, so maybe she did have a chance after all.

Donning her hero outfit, a tight, purple and white costume that exposed her legs, she departed the agency. Though strenuous, her power did enable her to fly. It was clunky and inexact, but she could essentially form a bubble around herself and fling it to her destination. While it prevented her cape from fluttering majestically in the breeze, she still thought she looked cool. Zooming through the air, she eventually spotted the university, which turned out to be rather easy as she just had to look for the only place in the city suffering from earthquakes.

Her heart raced as she approached, nervousness and fear threatening to make her spill her guts up. She’d never faced off against a supervillain before. The few times one had appeared on one of her missions, Dizzy had made her stay put while she dealt with them. Sally really, really hoped they weren’t as dangerous as her teacher had made them out to be. She would find out soon enough, as she touched down at Parker University. The buildings were shaking, the earth was cracking, and all around people were panicking and trying to run.

An area of destruction was moving across the campus, and she could just barely make out a vaguely humanoid shape at its epicenter. Getting as close as she dared, she cleared her throat and shouted in her steeliest voice, “Villain! Surrender now! This is your only chance!” She hoped she sounded intimidating.

The living earthquake abated, and the person causing it turned to face her. It was a woman, not wearing any sort of villainous uniform, just a tanktop and a black leather skirt. Her skin was tanned, and her black hair, which hung down to her shoulders, was dyed green about halfway down. She wore sunglasses that hid her eyes completely, but even without seeing them, Sally could tell the villainess was not impressed with her.

“Some advice, loser,” The villain began. She stomped her foot, and a line of earthly destruction traced its way from the sole of her shoe to a statue Sally stood next to. The base of the statue evaporated into dust, and it toppled down towards her. Using her power to get a slight boost, she jumped back, narrowly dodging the crumbling debris. She exhaled sharply, eyes wide. “... If you’re gonna pick a fight with someone,” The villain continued, “At least try not to look like you’re about to piss yourself.”

Sally swept her arms, generating a wave of force that blew away the statue debris in front of her. While her arms were outstretched to her sides, she swung them forward, catapulting much of the debris at the villain. She clearly hadn’t been expecting the reprisal, and only barely managed to raise a rocky barrier that was shredded to pieces by the barrage, only just durable enough to keep her from being damaged. She panted lightly, and looked up at Sally, now seeming to take her a little more seriously. “Ironic advice,” Sally said smugly, “Since it looks like you’re about to soil yourself.” Heroes were supposed to make puns, right?

“All right, freak, you had your chance to run away,” She knelt down low, and drove her fist into the ground. Multiple fractures raced through the disturbed earth, spreading out like cracking glass, but all homing in towards Sally. Her power wouldn’t be anywhere near strong enough to shield her from an attack of literal earthquake magnitude, so she had no choice but to fling herself up into the air. She looked back as she flew upwards, and saw that her old position on the ground had been obliterated, turned to dust, and then swallowed into the depths of the earth. Sally felt a short spurt of urine soak into her briefs. This girl was playing hardball.

Sally began to lose altitude, and was rapidly approaching her opponent. As soon as she was pretty sure she was in range to use her power, she threw a wild swing through the air, which translated to an invisible wall of force impacting the villain, and sending her flying. Her landing zone now clear, she touched down almost elegantly, only stumbling a little. Ahead of her, the earth-shifter was getting back onto her feet. Another swipe battered her, then another. As long as Sally kept striking, her enemy wouldn’t have a chance to use her power.

Or at least, she’d hoped as much. In the middle of being thrown around by unseen attacks, the villain managed to stomp her foot on the ground once again. There was no clear fault line this time, but there was an unmistakable rumble of something gliding through the ground. Sally couldn’t see it, and could only barely approximate its location by the rumbling. It was slow, and it took ages to reach her, all the while she was trying to divide her focus between the coming attack and her own series of blows. If she let up, then the villain would crush her.

Her heart pounded in her ears, wondering when the earthen attack would arrive. She knew that it would be lethal if not handled properly. Her eyes darted, and concentration began to slip. At last, the earth opened up, and a massive stone spike launched forward. It was pointed at her head, and her dodge was so last second that it cut her cheek lightly as it rushed by. She shook and shivered, and her legs gave out. She fell down to her knees, and her bladder emptied itself in a hot gush. Pee saturated the crotch of her costume, then raced down her thighs. Some urine streamed directly to the ground from her pants, noisily creating a large puddle.

$$

“Are you finally dead?” The villainess asked, sounding battered and out of breath as she stepped closer to observe her handiwork. “Cause I’d really like to get on with my- Oh! Oh, ha ha ha!” She began laughing as she saw Sally, whose bladder was just about done voiding itself. “Oh my God, you actually did piss your pants!”

Sally grit her teeth and glared in response.

“I was just making a joke, but wow! I didn’t have to say anything, you are a joke!” She raised her foot to stomp out another attack, “Well don’t worry, dude. By the time they excavate you, no one’s gonna be able to tell how you went out.” As her foot dropped, Sally lunged forward, throwing a perfectly straight punch into the air, aimed at the woman’s midsection. The wind whistled and a tight ball of psychic power impacted her stomach, sending her staggering back.

She gasped and gagged, the wind having been driven out of her body. She clutched her stomach in pain, and fell to the ground. Sally looked at her own fist in awe. In all her training, she hadn’t managed a hit like that, yet. She sure wished she knew about it before she wet herself. Speaking of, Sally tried to put all of her focus on the fight, ignoring the wet fabric clinging tightly to her butt and crotch.

Her opponent seemed to be fairly incapacitated, but then again, all she had to do was smack the ground with appendage and she’d create a deadly attack. Careful so as not to crush her, Sally lifted her hands, gingerly levitating the villain. “... Fuck you… ” She muttered quietly as she was lifted, “... I win!” Her arm slumped off the side and reached the ground. Before Sally could react, she raked her fingers through the dirt. Five fault lines tore through the earth, speeding towards not Sally, but one of the campus buildings.

Once they touched the structure, dirt and glass blasted through the air, it looked as though a missile had struck the building. Sally heard screams. Groaning in frustration, she flung her opponent roughly to the ground while she ran to save whoever was inside. Using her power to boost herself forward, she flew through the new opening that had been carved into the wall. The destruction was more extensive than she feared, as the foundation had been damaged. The structure creaked and moaned, threatening to collapse.

Following the sounds of terror and panic, Sally found her way to a room that had been sealed off with debris. With powerful motions, like she was swimming through the air, she telekinetically cleared the rubble, revealing a party of five or so people inside. They stared wide-eyed at the miraculous appearance of a superhero, but they did not move. “Come on! Run! This way!” Sally cried to them, spurring them to action. But as they neared her, the sound of shattering stone and rending metal froze all of them in their tracks. The building was falling.

She turned around, and held out her hands to conjure the sturdiest barrier that she could, but she knew it wouldn’t be enough. The massive slabs of concrete began to fall, and Sally knew she was going to be crushed, but maybe she could save one or two people. Just like before, with the man and the gun, she knew she was going to die. And just like before, her bodily control slipped.

The rear of her costume tented suddenly as her bowels released. With a quiet crackle, more mess spilled out, filling up her now-very-stretched underpants. She could feel the muck covering her backside and she knew the bulge was massive. And with the fabric over her butt being white, it would stain and tint brown, leaving absolutely no question that this superheroine had completely soiled herself.

But, just like before, as she closed her eyes and waited for death, nothing came. Daring to take a look. She saw that the crumbling building had been suspended in time and space. Even the little bits of dust had been frozen in mid-air. She’d actually done it. She’d contained the collapse, even if she hadn’t contained the avalanche in her briefs. With it being apparently safe, she ushered the group out of the building, her power fading as the last one made it out. The collapse resumed where it had left off, now free of potential victims.

$$

Outside, all of them were panting, and clearly not enjoying the particular odor in the air.

“Are all of you okay?” Sally asked, between breaths.

“I think so,” One of the people she’d rescued said, “Um, are you?” He asked, looking at her urine-soaked front.

Sally was quiet for a moment, trying to keep her tears in. She was absolutely humiliated. “... Yeah.”

“Thank you,” Another person intoned, trying to change the subject, “For saving us.”

“I’d tell you my superhero name, but… I’d appreciate it more if you all forgot what you saw here today,” Superheroes were supposed to make jokes. Though she still wanted to cry, the slight bit of humor helped make things maybe just a bit less awkward. Besides, she actually hadn’t settled on a superhero name just yet. There was another rumble, and Sally grimaced, remembering that the villain wasn’t defeated yet. “All of you evacuate now! The villain is still active. I’ll handle them,” She didn’t wait for a reply, and she was quite eager to be away from people, so she took off.

Still clutching her stomach, the earth-shifter was slowly walking towards a building at the far end of the campus. She wasn’t conjuring a storm of destruction any longer. Whatever she was after must’ve been inside, and the other devastation was just… Sally didn’t know. A show, perhaps. An outlet for frustrations. A message. Villains were crazy like that.

Sally landed a short distance behind her, “We’re not done, yet,” She growled. She was trying to seem intimidating, and accordingly was being very careful not to let her backside show to the villainess. The taunting would never end if she saw that Sally had crapped her pants, too.

“The fuck… ?” She breathed, still reeling from the blow to her gut, “How are you alive?!”

As Sally had come to expect, the woman went for another cheap shot, stomping and sending out an inarticulate pulse throughout the ground. It rattled and cracked, and Sally lost her footing as the earth shook. Aiming as best as she could, she readied another psychic punch. The earth-shifter, meanwhile, readied an attack of her own. They both launched them simultaneously. They would collide mid-air, and the winner’s attack would follow through and hit the opponent.

At least, that’s what should have happened. Instead, a green blur fell from the sky like a comet, intercepting both attacks and not even flinching. Dizzy rose from her kneeling position between the two. Fearlessly turning her back to the murderous woman, Dizzy looked at Sally, “Nice work, kid! I’ll take it from here.”

Not missing her opportunity to strike while her back was turned, the villain threw a stone spike at Dizzy. It shattered like a clump of sand, and Dizzy didn’t even seem to feel it. The titanically powerful superhero turned around, and smiled. Fault lines raced to her, stones flew. The woman was throwing everything she had at the living legend, but it was to no avail. At best, she’d scratched her outfit a little.

After weathering the barrage, the villain’s shoulders slumped. She was beaten, and she could tell. “How? How can you… ? It’s not fair! It isn’t fucking fair!!” Tears welled in the woman’s eyes, like she was about to throw a tantrum.

“... My turn,” Dizzy uttered her catchphrase, then rocketed forward at incalculable speed. She stopped just in front of the villain, her fist just inches from her face.

Piss sprayed loudly from under her leather skirt, falling to the ground in a strong stream. The stream occasionally clipped the edge of the skirt, and so droplets gathered and fell from its hem. Her bowels audibly emptied as well. The sound was somewhat wet, and matched the mess, as it stained and sagged her skimpy panties.

They all sat there in silence, Dizzy being sure to let the villain’s courage completely drain out between her legs. “Give up?” She asked. The woman meekly nodded in reply.

$$

###

“You know,” Dizzy began, as she and Sally were away from all the cameras, “They edit out stuff like you messing yourself.”

Sally whirled to look at her, “They do?!” She was still wearing her wet and heavily soiled costume.

“Kid, you remember months ago? I told you that this happens to us. We have a bit of an understanding with the media. They’re not supposed to make us look bad.”

She poked her head out, glancing at the army of police, firetrucks, ambulances, and news vans and helicopters that had invaded the ruins of the campus in the last several minutes. Thanks to Sally’s timely arrival, there hadn’t been any casualties. “Sooo, if I was recorded during this whole thing, nobody’s gonna know that I had an accident?”

“Nope. I mean, y’know, unless somebody just recorded it with like a phone or something, then- ” She looked at Sally’s once-again-distraught face and stopped herself, “But the odds of that are slim to none.” Things got quiet for a second, before Dizzy said, “Fighting Magnitude like that, though. Damn impressive for your first time against a supervillain.”

“Magnitude?”

“The name HQ came up with for her. Serious power level. For you to take on someone like her, I’m beginning to think I was babying you a bit too much.”

“What’s gonna happen to her?”

Dizzy shrugged, “Can’t imagine there’s many jails she couldn’t just bust out of. Probably have to set up some special facility for her.”

“What was she after? She was gunning for the building over there.”

“I asked the same thing. No one knows. The dean’s office is there, but that’s hardly a juicy target for a supervillain. It was probably something personal. Whatever the reason is, they’ll find out in interrogation.”

“... Can I go change my pants, now?”

Dizzy laughed, “Yeah, sure. I’ll even let you go first.”

Sally giggled, then realized what she’d just said, “Wait, what? What do you mean, ‘go first’?”

“Look closely,” Dizzy said as she turned her back to her student. It was hard to see if you didn’t know what you were looking for, but there was a flattened mound against her butt.

$$

“You… !”

“I’ve been out since sunrise fighting the forces of evil. They made me miss the usual bathroom time. I had to go, and I sure wasn’t gonna let the bad guys win just cause of an accident. So, at some point in the day, I just let it happen.”

Sally didn’t know what to say. She knew Dizzy was shameless, but this was unprecedented. No wonder she was so experienced and familiar with accidents.

“I told you, in this line of work, this kinda thing is beyond your control. Best thing you can do is not let it get to you… And to try and cover it up, but that’s another lesson.”

