The Ancient Guild Hall

Author: Poowrite

*000*2012-12-28 05:51

Something I posted to Nyou Fiction recently. Heavily inspired by livinginfinite's love of ladies being frightened into messing themselves, and Linkx's story, "Castle Fear" also from Nyou Fiction... and possibly here. I haven't checked :p. I've wanted to do a take on "Castle Fear" ever since reading it, and I suppose you could say that this story is that take.

###

“It is difficult to believe that the Mage's Guild had such humble beginnings,” Cassandra observed.

“We were not always regarded with the respect we enjoy today. When we first started displaying an aptitude for magic, people were afraid and they reacted the way frightened people do. Early mages were persecuted, even murdered for their abilities. What we now call The Gift was a curse to those people. Those who wanted to practice were driven to do so in secret. Caves like this one were popular Guild Halls in those days.” Naomi the Sorceress smiled. “Things have changed, haven't they Lady Silvermoon? Once criminals, we now serve as advisers to kings. We no longer study in secrecy or caves, but in grand Magical Laboratories funded by the greatest Kingdoms in Westland. Even the Paladins, mighty defenders of Balor, send their very best at our beckoning.”

“We value our alliances, Madame Sorceress, and we would have our allies see us in a positive light. If the mages require our help recovering texts from an ancient Guild Hall, we are happy to offer the best that we have. We only hope that when we have need of the Mage's Guild we will be shown the same respect.”

“Yes, yes. Come on, let's quit wasting time,” Naomi said, and dismounted her horse. “I'm ready to start seeing what secrets my ancestors left behind.”

“Not yet,” Cassandra responded. “We tend to our mounts first. We need them strong when we are ready to leave, without them we will be fortunate to escape the forest with our lives let alone your tomes.” She didn't miss the way that Naomi rolled her eyes.

“Well, I don't really know how to do that. The Guild pays people to take care of our horses, we're too busy studying magic to be bothered with mundane tasks.”

“Then I will do it for you,” Cassandra responded. “But we tend to our mounts first. Your books have laid undisturbed for hundreds of years, if I am to understand correctly. A few more minutes will do them no harm.” She dismounted, and led both horses by the bridle to one of the nearby trees. There were plenty to choose from. The cave was located in the deepest parts of Woodcutter's Forest, many miles from any of the small settlements and towns that had begun popping up along the ancient forest's farthest edges. The trees here were towering oaks, with countless branches that stretched out like a thousand arms, and bark as thick and sturdy as the finest Dwarven armor. Before them, the earth opened up and the ground sloped sharply into the hole. A thick darkness swallowed it up a few meters in, and no light penetrated farther.

It was not difficult to understand why she had been selected for this assignment, Cassandra reflected as she started brushing the mounts. Certainly, she had earned the respect of her peers through fierceness in combat and genius tactics; and that was part of it. But, Naomi Firecrest was not an easy person to be around. She wrapped herself in an air of superiority, and looked for every opportunity to get under Cassandra's skin. Cassandra estimated that most of her peers would have only tolerated the young mage's mouthiness for the first half of the journey, and Cassandra had no doubt that Naomi would make a full report to her masters if she felt she'd been slighted in anyway.

Cassandra had a unique advantage over her peers in this regard. She'd been born into nobility in Winterhold far to the north, and had spent much of her early life learning diplomacy. She had been sent to the Paladins after her younger brother had been born, a gift to strengthen ties between Winterhold and Balor, but retained much of what she had learned as a child. She could endure veiled rudeness if it meant furthering her position. She wondered if the same could be said of Naomi, and doubted it.

The differences between her and her companion didn't end there. They were like polar opposites in appearance as much as personality. Neither woman was tall, but Cassandra stood at least half a head higher than Naomi. They were both pretty, but Naomi's beauty was girlish with rounded cheeks and shallower curves. She wasn't fat, but there was no muscle definition either. Cassandra's features were sharper, years of wearing heavy armor had toned and shaped her muscles, she boasted a curvier figure and even beneath her armor the swells of her hips and breasts were more defined than Naomi's.

Cassandra's hair was as white as the snows from her homeland and cut to her shoulders, Naomi's was darker than night and fell down past the middle of her back. Cassandra wore a slivered breastplate over a thick leather doublet, both of which squeezed her tightly, heavy protective gloves, a sword at her hip, a shield at her back, and a heavy leather and mail skirt. She looked ready for battle. Namoi wore dark, flowing robes and carried no weapons. Not even a wand or a staff.

It didn't take Cassandra long to see to the needs of their mounts, and she and Naomi were descending into the cave within the hour. It was midday, and the sun was at its highest point. But the thick canopy of leaves blocked out much of the light and it became very dark in the cave very fast.

“I was not aware we would need torches,” Cassandra said when all she could see was Naomi's faint outline beside her. “Why were they not on the list of supplies you provided? We cannot go deeper than this without light.” She frowned. Had Naomi wasted their time? Cassandra had never known a mage to be so unprepared.

Naomi gave a short laugh. “Your first time in a Guild Hall, is it? Don't worry, Lady Silvermoon. When mages enchant something we do it to last.” The sorceress snapped her fingers once, and the stone walls began emitting a pale blue light. The shadows fled, and revealed the path before them. “Better than the flickering of a torch, wouldn't you say? Less smokey, too.”

Guided by the pale light given off by the enchanted stones, Cassandra and Naomi made their way deeper into the bowels of the cave. The narrow passageway wound downward, burrowing deep into the earth. The walls and ceiling were made of solid rock that had been cut smooth on all sides. It was like walking through a long, sloping box of stone.

Several minutes in, the passageway suddenly widened and opened into a vast, circular chamber. At once, it reminded Cassandra of an upside down Tower of Hanoi. She and Naomi were standing at the top, and a stone pathway wide enough for them to walk abreast looped around the chamber. Just before them, a set of stairs lead down to another equally wide walkway. Each level formed a ring, with a single set of stairs leading down. The deeper you went, the smaller the ring at that level.

The walls still glowed with the pale light of Naomi's magic, and Cassandra could see that shelves had been cut into each wall. Each one was stacked high with scrolls, leather bound tomes, and loose parchment rotted and crumbling with age. Each shelf was about as tall as her, and maybe three meters long. Separating one shelf from the next was a dusty old skeleton wearing rusted armor and wielding an ancient broadsword. They stood like silent guardians over the ancient tomes. There must have been hundreds of skeletons, but they all looked the same to Cassandra. She supposed that was the thing about skeletons. Once the flesh had rotted away, there was nothing left to distinguish one body from the next.

“This is more than I was anticipating. We are not going to be able to carry all this back with us,” Cassandra said, frowning.

“Don't worry. All the good stuff is at the bottom. All these books,” Naomi grabbed a random parchment off a nearby shelf and roamed it very briefly with her eyes, “useless. There may be a handful of volumes that are of use to us, but most of what we'll find above the bottom ring are personal journals, book keeping, and maybe a few recipe books. The kind of thing our historians drool over, but valueless to those of us actually interested in what our ancestors were studying. Come with me. What we want is further down.”

Cassandra followed Naomi down. It was somehow an odd experience. Each new level brought the walls closer around her. It was difficult not to feel like the chamber was closing around her. Swallowing her up.

Three rings from the bottom, she indicated the shelves around them. “Are these documents important? Did your ancestors only keep their knowledge at the lowest level?” In the pale glow of the enchanted walls, she saw Naomi shake her head.

“It was a ranking system, really. The further down, the more important the mages considered the volume. It's a tradition we keep today, in fact, with our most important texts always stored at the very bottom of our libraries.” They were on the second to last ring now, and Naomi indicated the shelves around them with a sweep of her hand. “Most of the information in these books is probably magical in nature,” she explained. “Spell formulas, components, astrology, basic studies of The Gift and the craft. Most of what we know today comes from books just like the ones around us from other ancient Guild Halls. Down there,” Cassandra followed Naomi's pointing finger to the shelves lining the final ring, “is where they stored research on the magics that are forbidden today. We've found books on necromancy, resurrection, demon summoning... there were even a few mages who thought they could call the sun down upon the Earth.”

Cassandra shook her head slowly. “These sound like evil things. Why are the mages interested in black magics such as these?” They had entered the final ring now, and while Naomi made her way at once to the first of the shelves and began perusing titles (on the volumes that had them) Cassandra leaned against the old table sitting in the center of the ring.

“Protection, mostly. If we have these books in our libraries, it means no one else can get to them. Your order is known for its role in stopping the Necromancer King. His power was gained through his own research. These books could contain hundreds of years of notes and guides on necromancy. If someone like him were to get his hands on these books...” her voice trailed off. “And besides, they do offer valuable insights. Many of the principals of necromancy, keeping with that example, have been applied to improve healing magics. We are expressly forbidden to practice necromancy, so we learned those principals from these books. I assure you, Lady Silvermoon, the Guild has only good intentions in mind for these books.”

“Perhaps,” Cassandra allowed. “However, the Paladins have a saying about good intentions and how the road to-” her sentence was cut short by a sudden cry. She jerked her hand back from the table and stumbled away so quickly that her feet became tangled and she only narrowly avoided dropping heavily to her bottom.

“What! What is it,” Naomi asked. She had brought her hands up to her chest, and Cassandra could see a faint glow surrounding them. They were out, a few inches in front of her body and Cassandra could almost feel the magic sizzling in the air around them. Cassandra's voice had caught, and so she could only raise her hand and point to the old table.

She watched Naomi's eyes narrow as the sorceress made her way to the center of the room. Naomi stood before the old table for several moments that passed in utter silence. At last, she turned toward Cassandra, her brow furrowed with confusion and curiosity. Her expression seemed to ask, “what is it?”

“D-Did you not see it?” Naomi tilted her head, and Cassandra could see that the woman had not. “The spider!” She pointed at the table again, more insistently. Naomi turned to face it for a moment, then her gaze shifted back to Cassandra.

“You mean this,” she asked, holding up her right arm. Cassandra recoiled a step when the pale glow of the magical light revealed the ugly insect crawling on the back of Naomi's hand. She didn't see the corner of Naomi's mouth turn up in understanding. “You're afraid of it, aren't you?” She gave a short laugh. “Really? You'll face brigands, trained killers, even the undead but you lose yourself at the sight of a spider?”

“You are not familiar with the spiders who call the North their home,” Cassandra responded. The tremor was gone from her voice, but she still kept her distance from Naomi and the arachnid. “Where I come from, the spiders are as large as wolves and far more aggressive. The smaller ones, such as this one, are venomous enough to kill a man within minutes with a single bite. Children in Winterhold who do not grow up fearing spiders do not grow up at all.”

Naomi laughed. “Well, our spiders in Westland are not so nightmarish, Lady Silvermoon. There are certain breeds with enough poison to kill, but these are rare and not aggressive unless threatened.” She held her arm up to Cassandra, as if to demonstrate. “You see? Nothing to be a child about.”

“I was not being a child,” Cassandra mumbled.

“Oh? Because your cry sounded like the cry of a child. Like a small girl whose brother has put a frog in her hair.”

“Just... finish gathering your books, Sorceress. I would be out of this place. It makes me uneasy.”

“I have no doubt. This certainly isn't the only spider within the Hall,” Naomi teased, and released the spider back to the table. Cassandra was silent as Naomi opened the pouch at her waist. “Bag of Holding,” she explained to Cassandra with a smile. “There should be enough room in here for the books on this ring.” She began to go through the books, taking each one carefully off the shelf and placing it in her bag.

Cassandra shook her head. “It is not just the spiders. There is something not right with this place.”

“Like what,” Naomi asked absently as she browsed the book in her hand for a few moments before placing it in her bag.

“Well, to start how is it that this place has not been stripped bare? No attempts were made to conceal it, other than placing it deep in Woodcutter's Forest. These tomes must be valuable... priceless even. How is it that no one has already found this cave and stolen the tomes for themselves?”

“I wondered the same thing,” Naomi responded. “Usually, the important documents are guarded by some spell. Would be thieves are turned to smoke and dust before they can so much as remove a book from the shelves. I was prepared to lift the enchantments when we arrived, but they do not seem to be present. Maybe this Hall was in use before they started that practice? In any case, it seems that we were merely fortunate and were the first to discover this Hall.”

“Perhaps, though I-” Cassandra caught a sudden movement in the corner of her vision. Her head jerked toward the motion, her eyes squinted in the pale light. “Did you see that? Something moved!” Cassandra could almost hear Naomi rolling her eyes in response.

“I have to admit, Lady Silvermoon. You're... a bit of a disappointment. You didn't strike me as the type to jump at every little thing like a scolded puppy.” Cassandra ignored Naomi. She had seen something move. She was certain of it, she just couldn't-

There it was again! This time caught by the corner of her other eye. She spun to face the mysterious movement, but found only Naomi bent over at the edge of one of the shelves and carefully placing volumes in her bag. Her eyes narrowed at the scene before her. There was something amiss about it, something that wasn't quite right. Something she couldn't quite put her finger on.

By the time she finally realized what it was, it was almost too late for Naomi.

“The skeleton!” she cried. It's head had moved. It no longer looked ahead toward the center of the chamber. Instead, it had shifted its gaze down and to its left. The black voids where there should have been eyes were turned downward, looking at Naomi with what Cassandra was certain was malice. It began to lift the heavy, rusted broadsword it carried.

Cassandra exploded into action. In what seemed like a single motion, she drew her sword and armed herself with the shield slung across her back. She reached Naomi just as the skeleton began to bring its sword downward. She slammed into the sorceress shoulder first and sent her stumbling out of harm's way. At the same time, Cassandra planted her feet and brought her shield up to intercept the skeleton's attack.

Sword and shield collided with a terrible crash. The sound of steel against steel sang out in the ancient Guild Hall, echoing down the halls like the cries of a dying beast. The skeleton had tremendous strength, and the weight of its blow vibrated painfully through Cassandra's body. It drove her to one knee, but stopped the attack and left the attacker exposed. With a battle cry, she swung her sword hard in a horizontal arc. It severed the skeleton's exposed spine. The abomination fell into two separate halves, both of which faded to dust the instant they hit the ground.

All around them, the skeletons came to life. Ancient bones stepped away from where they had rested for time untold, rusted great swords coming to bear against the intruders. Already, the skeletons that remained on the bottom ring were moving to surround Cassandra and Naomi, and Cassandra could see that the skeletons on the rings above were stirring to life as well. There were far too many of them, there would be no fighting their way out.

“The spell!” Cassandra ordered.

“Spell,” Naomi asked, her eyes dazed as hell literally broke loose around her.

“The disenchantment! You said you could disenchant the spell guarding the books. I believe we have found that spell!” The closest skeleton lunged forward, great sword leading. Cassandra pushed its weapon aside with her own, and the rusty blade thrust harmlessly to the right of her torso. Keeping her blade between her body and the skeleton's sword, she stepped in and swung her shield hard at the monster's head. It hit with a dry crack, and the skull splintered. It dropped to the ground, and faded to dust as well. That made two down, and thousands to go. “THE SPELL!”

“R-Right,” Naomi responded, shaking free of her daze at last. “This will take a few moments! Do not let them kill me!” She reached into her bag and began withdrawing components. Cassandra watched this from the corner of her eye and bit her lower lip. She hoped it didn't take too many moments...

The skeletons were intelligent. They were forming a semi-circle around her and Naomi so that they could attack from all sides at once. If she were to have any chance, Cassandra knew she'd have to break their formation. She brought her shield up to her chest, and charged the middle of the group.

A skeleton met her with a thrust of it's sword. She swung her shield arm hard, catching the weapon at the tip and knocking it aside. She continued to flow forward, and she brought her own weapon across in a high horizontal slash. It hit the skeleton's exposed, bony neck and separated its head from the its body.

There were only two skeletons left on their ring, one on either side of her and both closing in quickly. If she could dispose of them quickly, she might be able to reach the stairs before any more monsters had come to their ring. She could use the stairs as a choke point and control the flow of enemies until Naomi finished her spell.

This all flashed through her mind in the moment it took her to dig her heel into the ground and pivot. The maneuver transferred the momentum of her run into her right arm. Her sword swung wild and hard, but fell a few inches short of its target. She grit her teeth as the tip of her sword clanged noisily against the stone ground beneath her.

The skeleton she'd attacked brought it's own sword across in a vicious chop. She only just managed to get her shield arm up to absorb the blow. Even still, it hit with tremendous force and sent her reeling. She misplaced her right foot and dropped to her hip. The skeleton stayed on her, stepping in and thrusting at her prone form. She managed the bring her shield up again, and angle it enough to deflect the sword away from her. Her own weapon followed behind her shield, and scored a hit just above the skeleton's right knee. Suddenly unbalanced, it toppled to the ground, it's head just inches in front of Cassandra. She brought her raised shield down on its skull, smashing the old bones to splinters.

Before she could react, the next skeleton was upon her. It's bony foot stuck out, and hit her hard in the center of the chest. She fell back and hit the ground with jarring impact. Her sword shook loose from her hand, and a haze of dark spots clouded her vision. She was too dazed to defend herself as the skeleton's foot came down on her chest again, pinning her to the hard earth.

Her vision cleared in time to see the monster standing above her with hollow eyes and an evil grin that dripped with malice. It brought its sword back and held it there, prepared to run her through but appearing to savor the moment. Her shield wouldn't do her any good, she knew. From this angle, the blade would punch right through it, right through her armor, and right through her. Her only hope was to take advantage of its gloating. Her sword was just out of reach of her right hand. She stretched for it anyway, straining her shoulder in her desperate attempt to reach it. She could feel the hilt brushing against her fingertips. She was almost there...

She felt a sudden pressure on her exposed throat. The skeleton had pressed the tip of its sword against her jugular. It had her where it wanted her, and the slightest pressure would open her up and spill her life blood all over the dusty ground. Her fingers slipped away from the hilt of her sword. This was it, she realized. She was going to die.

Her teeth ground together as she looked up into the eyes of the monster that had beaten her. She had expected to see emptiness, hollows as dark and deep as the cave had been before Naomi had activated her spell. What she saw instead truly terrified her. An enormous spider, larger than her hand, emerged from the skeleton's empty eye socket. It skittered across the grinning skill to the top of the head. It turned. It was looking directly at Cassandra. She swore she could see herself reflected a thousand times in its glassy eyes...

Perhaps it was the realization that she was about to die. Perhaps it was the spider. Perhaps, a little of both. In any case, her bladder let go. A flood of hot urine burst from her urethra like the waters from a broken dam. It gushed out of her at a torrential pace, and the hissing sound of her relief was only slightly muffled by the heavy armor she wore. Her underthings were made of thick animal hide and were designed for protection. They were sleeveless, but covered her from shoulder to crotch and were tailor made to fit her form. They soaked up her urine as quickly as she could produce it. The hide became damp at once, and the warm fluid began seeping through and drenching the furs as well.

She was only vaguely aware of a hot dampness climbing her undergarment as it drank in her release and clung wetly and uncomfortably to her body. It seeped through to the leather doublet that she wore beneath her breastplate. It pooled about her bottom and back, and a stream of it began running down the back of her mail skirt. It dribbled out of her skirt onto the ground, like a yellow river emptying into a dry basin.

She voided the contents of her stomach as well. Her tight anus blossomed without her even realizing. She opened wide back there, as if every ounce of feces in her body was trying to jump ship before the end.

It came out of her in a hot, sticky rush. She could feel it flowing against the ring of her anus, against the canyon walls between her shapely moons. It was thick and heavy, but soft and malleable at the same time. Unhindered, it poured out of her and began piling up in the seat of her undergarment.

The mess pushed a slight bulge in her underthings, but they were tight and offered very little room to expand. She was releasing a tremendous volume very quickly, and the limits of her undergarment's elasticity was soon reached. The load was loose enough to flatten inside of her undergarment, and that is exactly what it did. It oozed outward across her bottom, filling out the seat of her garments like a smelly pancake.

She was dimly aware of what was happening. She could feel the hot mess spreading in all directions across her backside. It felt sticky against her bare bottom, and warm as well. It smeared and smashed and flattened as it flowed from her backside, loading the seat of her undergarment until there was simply no more room. At that point, it filled the crevice between her cheeks. She felt it forcing the moons to part slightly as it looked for someplace to be that wasn't inside her body. Where there was no more room between her cheeks, it simply began flowing upwards. It inched up the small of her back, warm and moving as if it were a living thing.

When she was completely empty, she felt the point of the skeleton's blade pressing harder against her neck. She closed her eyes, and braced herself for the final blow.

Before it could be struck, there was a sudden flash of light so bright that, even with her eyes closed, it seemed to turn the world around her white. It lasted only a few moments, and when it passed the pressure on her throat was gone. The spider dropped to the ground next to her and skittered away.

“Lady Silvermoon!” Cassandra cautiously opened one eye at the sound of Naomi's voice. The sorceress was kneeling over her, smiling triumphantly. She gave a quick laugh. “Well, that was close. I thought for sure you were dead. I wasn't sure you'd held them off long enough either. There were some from the next ring up down here by the time I finished casting. One even got as far as bringing his sword back to cut my head off. Good thing I-” Naomi trailed off, and Cassandra saw the sorceress' nostrils flair as if she were sniffing the air. Her face furrowed into an expression of disgust.

“Oh, that is foul! What in creation is that? It smells like sh-” Naomi cut herself off again as realization dawned on her. “You soiled yourself!”

Cassandra's face grew hot with shame. There was no denying it. Odor hung about her like a cloud, and there was no mistaking the foul stench of urine and voided bowels. “I... that abomination was about to snuff me out,” she explained.

“Yeah, well I had one about to 'snuff me out' too, but I didn't mess myself like a little girl. What kind of warrior messes herself when faced with death?” Naomi winced as she took in another whiff of Cassandra's mess. She brought her robes up to her nose to block the smell, and backed away from Cassandra. “You are fouling and defiling a place sacred to the Mages' Guild!”

“I could not help it! You think I wanted to soil myself. I did not do this out of disrespect,” Cassandra explained. She pushed herself to her feet, and the urine that had pooled about her bottom came pouring down her skirt and onto the floor like a golden waterfall.

“Just... go clean yourself,” Naomi commanded. “The danger here has passed, and I cannot stand the stink of you. Your Lord Commander will hear of this, Lady Silvermoon. I don'tt want to be escorted by another Paladin who has yet to be housebroken.”

Cassandra hung her head. She wanted to defend herself, but she was too stunned. The weight in the seat of her undergarment demanded her attention, the warm mess clinging to her bare flesh made it impossible to find any words. “I... will be ready to depart when you are,” is all she could manage.

“See that you are. And see that you clean yourself well. I do not want this stink offending me for the whole trip through Woodcutter's.” Cassandra offered a nod in response, and began the long climb out of the ancient Guild Hall...

*002*2012-12-28 17:27

Thanks.

I enjoyed writing the characters, and would like to do more with them in the future. Particularly Cassandra, though I admit I haven't really planned on anything beyond this one chapter.

*004*2012-12-29 04:40

That's high praise, given all the other quailty work here and on other sites.

I'm sure she would. She'd probably also make sure that all the other mages and paladins heard all about it, too. I suppose she should get her comeuppance at some point... but it's much more fun having the strong paladin mess herself :p.

