Sweet Dreams and Sour Thoughts

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-11-17 00:20

This is the first commission I've ever done from Baom. I was really nervous working with characters I knew nothing about for the first time. Hope you enjoy!

“Man, today was killer,” Yuzu Aihara said, stifling a yawn as she stretched her arms behind her back and slipped her shoes off at the front entrance of her home. However, she didn’t make it more than a few feet before a pang rang out in her stomach. “Oooh, not again,” the blonde-haired girl whined. Her stomach had been bloated and in pain for more than a few days, constipated and unable to relieve herself properly. The stress of her upcoming exam was putting an undue burden on her bowels, which only served to stress her out even more.

She quickly shuffled her way to the bathroom and lowered her panties as she sat on the toilet. With a very unladylike grunt she pushed her sphincter muscles as hard as she could, but her body was unrelenting in keeping her anus sealed shut. “Ugh, come on!” the gal screamed, frustrated with her lack of relief. “Screw this, I’m gonna fix this once and for all.” Yuzu pulled up her panties and begrudgingly walked to the kitchen, searching the cabinets for herbal remedies to her problem. In the far back corner, Yuzu was able to see a bag of senna and chamomile tea. She grabbed it and set it on the counter before exclaiming, “That’s it!”

“What’s ‘it’?”

“Ah!” Yuzu jumped in surprise at the unexpected question. She turned around and was confronted with the face of her younger stepsister, Mei Aihara.

“Is something the matter?” Mei peeked over her sister’s shoulder, connecting the dots in her head as she made eye contact with the herbal tea.

“N-none of your business!” Yuzu outburst, her blush not doing any favors in hiding her predicament.

A small giggle left Mei’s mouth before she made her leave, saying, “Try not to stink up the bathroom too much.”

“S-shut up!”

As the younger sister left the room, Yuzu returned to the literal issue pressing her. After taking a few minutes to brew the tea, she sauntered with it to her bedroom, taking small sips as she made her way to her bed. “Eck, not really good in the taste department,” she complained as she sat on her bed, staring into her glass. “Well, if it’ll help, I guess I shouldn’t complain. Bottoms up!” In one motion, Yuzu downed her entire drink, gulping the warm liquid down. “Fwah,” she hummed in satisfaction, setting her empty glass on the nightstand next to her.

A short moment after, her stomach rumbled but showed no desire to use the bathroom. “I suppose it’ll take a while to start working,” the spirited girl thought aloud, slightly disappointed with the lack of immediate results. The chamomile was working quickly however, beckoning the girl to close her eyes. “Well, I have been studying pretty hard. I think I’ve deserved a short nap.” Yuzu laid on her bed, rubbing her stomach gently until the tea would pull her out of consciousness.

“Oh crap!” Yuzu sat straight up in her bed. Her stomach churned violently and growled loudly, indicating to the girl that she needed to get to the toilet fast. The desperate girl flew out of bed and scurried to the bathroom. “Gotta poop, gotta poop, gotta poop,” she kept repeating to herself as she made it to the restroom door. In her urgent rush, she clumsily fumbled with the doorknob for a handful of seconds before swinging the door open. A small amount of poop had suddenly burst into her panties, eliciting a yelp from the teenager. “Oh no! I’m almost there! Please!” Yuzu pleaded with herself. She sat down on the toilet for the second time today, barely managing to slide her slightly soiled panties down to her knees before a torrential flood of brown mush jetted out of her into the awaiting bowl.

“S-shit,” Yuzu cursed as she succumbed to her body’s desire, an indescribable pleasure, almost erotic in nature, washed over her. Multiple grunts and moans escaped her mouth as she drained herself of half a week’s worth of waste, the bathroom filled to the brim with an unholy sound and unbearable stench. But none of that mattered right now. Yuzu let herself fall completely into the moment, a personal satisfaction she had been longing for for several days. Eventually, everything grew quiet, and Yuzu let out one final sigh of relief. “Wow, that… that was amazing,” she said out loud between exhausted breaths. However, as she looked down at her underwear, she became confused, namely at the undergarments she was wearing. “Huh? I didn’t wear a thong today, did I?”

“Yuzu…,” a voice faintly called out in the distance.

“Wha- what?” Yuzu said in surprise, looking around the otherwise empty bathroom for the origin of the voice.

“Yuzu,” the voice called again, slightly louder. This time, she could make out that it was a woman’s voice, but not explicitly who.

“What’s going on?” The blonde-haired girl was slowly becoming self-aware as she continued to scan the room. Eventually she felt a weird feeling against her bottom, soft, warm, and slightly wet.

“Yuzu!” The voice yelled at her this time, making it clear who it was.

“Mei?! I don’t understand! What’s going on?” A small fear was developing in Yuzu’s chest. Unsure what to do, she looked down at her underwear again, but instead of the thong she had been wearing only moments ago, a different garment had taken its place. Something white and thick, almost like a…

“YUZU!”

“NOOOOOOO!” Yuzu screamed as she jolted awake, her body moving to an almost upright seated position. The girl immediately to her right was taken aback by the sudden movement.

“Woah, talk about a bad dream,” Mei said.

“Mei?” Yuzu stared her sister in the eyes, her confusion only growing as a result. “What are you doing here?”

“There was an ungodly stench coming from your room. I was calling your name to stop you from making a complete mess of yourself.” The stern sister pointed at Yuzu’s crotch before saying, “It would seem I was too late for that.”

“Huh? What do you mean?” The slightly groggy girl followed Mei’s finger downwards, and the sight awaiting her was even more horrifying than her nightmare had managed. Massive piles of brown mush leaking out of her orange panties and onto her school uniform and bed. Large globs of feces she had been holding for half a week had her flanked on all sides. She had pooped herself in her sleep. Disgust and embarrassment crept onto Yuzu’s face, her current predicament sinking in. Not only had she unknowingly filled her panties like a child, she also willingly sat up in it and let it fester around her butt, oblivious that such a humiliating feat had occurred. What’s worse, her sister was watching the entire time.

“Smile.”

“Wha-,” Yuzu looked at her sister just in time to be met with a flash. She blinked instinctively, but when she opened her eyes, her heart dropped.

“That’ll be a good one for the photo album,” Mei giggled to herself as she put her phone in her pocket.

“M-Mei!” Yuzu outburst in surprise, launching herself off the bed to confront her sister. She instantly regretted doing so, however, as gravity was quick to push her waste downwards, the bottom of her vagina meeting the heavy load that was behind her. A shiver traveled down her spine, but she regained her composure to chastise her sister. “Why did you take a picture?!”

“I wanted to. You looked cute being embarrassed like that,” the younger sister said with little remorse.

“Well, delete it! Now!” Yuzu reached for Mei’s pocket but wasn’t fast enough as Mei took a few steps back and wagged her finger.

“I don’t think so,” she said, a devilish smile creeping onto her face. “You’re so adorable here. I’m sure everyone at school would agree.”

Yuzu’s will to fight back diminished at those words. “Y-you don’t mean... y-you wouldn’t do something like that, r-right?” The girl in soiled panties was sweating bullets as she stammered through her question.

“Maybe I would, maybe I wouldn’t,” Mei said, tilting her head to the right before continuing, “it would depend on how obedient you are.”

“Y-y-you’re blackmailing me?” The sheer thought made Yuzu dizzy, almost falling backwards onto her dirty behind before catching herself.

“Think of it like enforcing a punishment,” Mei joked. “I won’t tell anyone about your ‘accident’, the picture goes nowhere, but I get to ‘punish’ you for being a bad girl who pooped her panties like a baby.”

“That is blackmail!” Yuzu retorted.

“Don’t care,” Mei said coldly before she gave the order, “On your hands and knees.”

“B-but…,” the slightly older girl whined before complying to her sister’s instructions. As she got into position, Mei yanked her skirt off, causing Yuzu to stiffen.

“Legs up.”

“O-okay,” Yuzu whimpered, raising her feet so her skirt could be fully removed. For a moment, nothing happened, leaving Yuzu in anticipation. However, that all changed when a stinging pain spread across her left butt cheek. “Hey! What are yo- AH!” The embarrassed girl was interrupted mid-sentence by swat to the other side of her posterior.

“No talking.” Mei warned. A flurry of spanking followed in quick succession. Various whimpers and cries escaped from Yuzu’s mouth as she endured her punishment. Her bottom grew as red as her face as she endured relentless blows from her sister’s hand.

“This sucks… It hurts…” Yuzu thought to herself. Despite this, her body was betraying her as her panties started to dampen in the front. This detail would not go unnoticed by Mei, causing her to stop spanking and lean into her stepsister’s ear.

“My, my, it seems like someone is naughtier than I thought,” Mei whispered seductively into her sister’s ear. “It seems like even more punishment is in order.” Yuzu reflexively prepared herself to be spanked again, but was instead met with Mei’s left hand grazing her lower lips through her panties while the other rested gently on the bulge protruding from the back.

“H-huh?” Yuzu asked in shock.

“Shhh,” Mei hushed her sister as she started rubbing Yuzu’s crotch in a circular moan, eliciting a low moan from her.

“Mmmm… Eep!” Yuzu squealed as she felt the mound of poop in her underwear be pressed against her, filling the entire surface area of her butt crack. Erotic sensations she’d never felt before captured her mind. The confused and horny girl was torn between complaining and letting her sister take complete control of her. This didn’t last long, however, as Mei pinched her clit, forcing her to succumb in pleasure to her blackmailer’s will.

“That felt good, didn’t it?” Mei teased.

“Mmmm…,” Yuzu moaned in acknowledgement. Her breaths grew heavy as she neared her climax. That is, until Mei stopped. “Hmph,” Yuzu groaned subconsciously, upset with her orgasm being denied. “W-wanna cum…,” she muttered under her breath.

“Hm? What was that? I couldn’t hear you.”

“I wanna cum…” Yuzu admitted.

“Beg for it,” Mei demanded as she pulled her phone out and started recording. Yuzu could see her sister’s actions behind her shoulder and scoffed. However, her body was screaming for release, and at this point she could hardly care about the accident in her underwear or any blackmail material associated with it.

“P-please, make me cum,” Yuzu pleaded.

“Say you’re a naughty girl who like to poop her pants,” Mei demanded again as she began to roughly rub Yuzu’s clitoris.

“I.. I-I’m a naughty girl…,” the blonde-haired girl said weakly.

“Louder,” Mei interrupted.

“I’m a naughty g-girl and I like to p-poop my panties!” Yuzu exclaimed as Mei’s hand drove her to the most explosive orgasm of her life, her posture giving out as she collapsed on the floor. Mei slowly crawled next to her sister and spooned her from behind, neither of them saying anything as they fell asleep together on the wooden floor.

A week had passed since Yuzu’s fateful accident, and Mei kept true to her word of telling no one. That having been said, the dynamic between the two of them radically shifted to something more perverted.

“How did the exam go?” Mei asked.

“Aced it, of course! Top in the class!” Yuzu boasted proudly before meekly looking at the floor, clenching her fists and making soft grunts. “Um, you promised if I got good marks… ugh… you would ‘punish’ me again...”

“Of course,” Mei said with a smile. “Do you need to be punished?”

“I do,” Yuzu said with a blush. She turned around and lifted her skirt up, revealing a hefty bulge weighing down her panties. Both girls felt butterflies in their stomach as Mei’s smile grew more perverted.

“Good girl.”

