Riley ran up to theRiley's Adventures in College

Author: Logan543

*000*2020-03-05 19:13

Hey guys, so I created a new post for my story as I wanted to update the tags and give it a better title now that I know what I'm doing with it.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/57776-the-college-experience/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1758008&embedComment=1758008&embedDo=findComment#comment-1758008"

Here's the link to the first two parts of the story which you should definitely read before this one! Enjoy

Bach in present time Riley was still struggling. She still had to fart and they were still around 30 mins away. Riley could usually sneak off and fart, but not in a freaking car. Her stomach loudly gurgled as she held back another and she began to worry that her parents were able to hear the situation their daughter in the backseat was going through. Then a miracle happened: “Honey, can we stop at that rest stop?” Riley’s mom asked. “We’re only 30 minutes away, can’t it wait?” her dad replied. “Honey please” she answered, with a bit of tenseness in their voice.“Okay okay, I’ll stop” her dad replied quickly changing lanes and pulling off an exit that said “Last Rest Stop 30 miles” Riley looked over at her mom who was tightly gripping the armrest with one hand and rubbing her stomach with the other.

Her face seemed pretty calm and collected however. Riley’s mom was in her early 40s but easily looked like she could be in her early 30s. She was around 5”5, pretty average weight, but with a great butt and hips, she had jet black hair that went down to her butt and had a slightly tan face and body. She often wore sunglasses and yoga pants. Riley had never really noticed her mom’s bathroom habits, she had her own bathroom why would she ever run into her mom in the bathroom. Based on vacations though she could say confidently that her mom was a morning pooper, one of those people that wake right up and go to drop the load off. She had never really seen her mom use the public bathroom, similar to herself.

The only time she could remember her mom pooping in public was a few years ago, they had woken up late for their flight while in Florida. They had to rush out of the hotel without so much as a visit to the bathroom. Riley and her dad both clearly needed a piss, but her mom seemed different. She looked very tense and was standing very straight. She was gripping her tights very hard. As they went down the elevator, the three of them all needing a toilet, Riley smelled an awful smell. Riley instantly assumed it was her dad, I mean dads are never shy about letting one rip. “Damn Maria!” her dad exclaimed. She glanced over to see her mom red in the face and her dad laughing while plugging his nose. She realized it was her mom who had cut the cheese.

“Sorry guys, I tried slipping it out before we got in the elevator but it followed me in.” her mom said, explaining herself. When the doors opened her mom said “I’m gonna visit the lobby bathroom for a moment.” her mom said making her way towards the bathrooms. “Honey you can’t” her dad replied back. “The room was under your name so you have to check us out.” Her mom danced in place, glancing back at the bathrooms that were so close to saving her. “O-okay” she weakly replied. Riley watched her parents check out and took this time to have her morning pee. She was uncomfortable but not desperate, but she did not want to have to hold it all the way to the plane. She went to the lobby bathroom which was very clean and fancy looking.

She walked into a stall and quickly pulled down her sweatpants she always wore while on plane rides and sat down. She immediately started peeing a hard stream. She sighed as relief overcame her, relief from the pee and relief she would now not be desperate at the airport. She felt bad for her mom but figured herself being desperate to pee while her mom needed a poop wouldn’t help anything. She finished up and flushed and walked out. Riley would never admit it to anyone but she only washed her hands if it was a poo or people were in the bathroom.

As Riley entered the lobby she heard a door close behind her, it was her dad coming out of the men’s room. She looked over to the counter to see her mom still standing there, stiff as a board, butt clenched, as the manager typed away on the computer. “Don’t worry Riley, your mom is a pro at holding this stuff, plus no use in all three of us suffering right,” he said smiling at her, though with a tad bit of concern on her face. They walked over to her, she glared at them and said “You both went?! Come on I gotta go too.” she said in a tone mixed with anger and disappointment. Riley felt bad for her mother, she truly did. But her dad was right, no use in all three of them suffering. Her dad simply wrapped his arm around her and said “Don’t worry, you’ll be at the airport and in that plane bathroom in no time.”

“Oh no, no no no. I need to use it before we get on” she said, shaking her leg up and down. “We’ll miss our flight dear, you’ll be okay.” he said trying to sooth her. “Easy for her to say, you got to go.” she said straining a bit. The thought of her daughter and husband both getting relief, both getting all that pent up liquid out of them. It made her squirm. Not to mention the load knocking on her back door. Maria couldn’t remember the last time she skipped her morning poop, she always made sure she had enough time to go. She was usually bursting to go when she woke up anyways. Being forced to hold this long was torture, let alone all the way until she got on the plane.

They finished checking out and walked out to wait for the shuttle, her mom wanted to try to sneak off to the bathroom but as soon as they got out there the shuttle pulled up. “Perfect timing!” her dad said happily. They got onto the shuttle and started the drive to the airport. It was just the three of them on board which meant her mom was free to hold without judgement. She immediately jammed her hand into her crotch. “Oh my god, I gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee.” she said squirming in her seat. While she was doing this Riley suddenly heard a sound that literally sounded like a duck, but she knew what it was. She had never really heard her mom fart, her mom was your typical mom, don't usually fart in front of anybody besides their husband.

Her mom looked at her husband and said “John, I gotta poop so bad. You know I need my morning poop” she said jiggling in her seat. “I know, just think you’ll have relief soon.” he said trying to soothe his wife, he did feel a bit guilty that he got to pee earlier. It was only a ten minute ride to the about but for Riley’s mom it felt like an eternity. She kept passing gas every few minutes, some quiet, some loud enough for her husband and Riley to hear. One was so loud that she swore even the bus driver could hear it. She couldn’t lie, a bit of urine leaked into her panties when she ripped that fart. She jammed her hand harder into her crotch. It smelled awful, but Riley and her dad tried not to comment on it because they knew she was struggling.

Finally they pulled up to the airport, when her mom stood up a spurt of pee shot out, making her panties a tad bit more damp before she regained control. She was also prairie-dogging her turd which had left a small streak in her underwear. She ripped one more fart, this one a juicy sound fart that was bassy sounding, before they left the bus. They walked in and got to TSA. Luckily Riley’s family traveled often and learned to pack light so they didn’t need to wait to check any bags. While they took off their belts and put their items in the bin, her mom continued to do a little bobbing up and down dance.

When her mom had to go through the scanner she was required to spread her legs and put her arms up, this caused another spurt to come shooting out again. They put their stuff back on and went rushing towards the gate. “Please honey, please tell me we have time for a bathroom break.” Her mom said running with one hand jammed in her crotch and with a flushed face. “I’m sorry sweetheart, the plane is boarding already.” They got to their gate just as a voice came booming over the intercom “Last call for flight 2309A to Cleveland.” They quickly gave their attendant their tickets and walked onto the plane. “Oh my god, oh my god” she kept whispering over and over again.

They got to their seats and luckily for her mom, they were right next to the bathroom. She considered asking the flight attendant if she could use it real quick, but she’s flown enough to know they couldn’t during takeoff and would have to wait until they’ve gotten high enough. The seating order went: Riley’s dad at the end, Riley in the middle and her mom with the aisle seat. As the plane taxied and began preparing for takeoff her mom couldn't stop squirming. “I can make it, I can make it” she kept saying over and over again.

As the plane started picking up speed she heard her mom rip a squeaky sounding fart that was very high pitch. She blushed as the woman in the aisle seat next to her looked over then quickly looked away as to try and not embarrass her, but Riley’s mom knew she heard. The plane took off and went higher and higher into the air. The whole time Riley’s mom was squirming in her seat, trying to hold back a night’s worth of urine and shit. She ripped another fart, causing her to blush hard again as this one was wetter sounding and stinker. She had done a good job not leaking anymore, but the log was a little further down and had definitely caused a skid mark in her panties.

Finally a ding went off on the plane and the seatbelt sign went off. Before they could even come over the intercom and announce that they were free to move about the cabin her mom ripped her seatbelt off and bolted into the bathroom. Inside she quickly locked the door and ripped down her yoga pants. The whole time all she could think was “Don’t let it come out, you’re so close.” She hit the toilet seat and a gush of urine came out. As the urine blasted the water her first log that had been peeking out immediately dropped into the toilet with a gigantic plop noise, the second log followed closely and a third one followed in session.

She couldn’t help but loudly moan as the shit fell out of her and her pee came out. As her pee continued going she let out a squeaky sounding fart that echoed in the bowl, and a fourth much smaller log fell with a *plink* in the water. Finally after two minutes her pee began to die down. She was finally done, and she had never felt better in her life. She began wiping and flushed, washed her hands and opened the door. Waiting in line was the lady who was sitting across from her, who had heard her fart. Riley’s mom blushed and looked at her feet as she walked out and let her in. The bathroom smelled terrible and she had left a few skid marks in the toilet. She sat back in her seat and sighed. “Better?” her husband asked, smiling at her. “Much.” she replied back smiling and grabbing his hand.

*002*2020-03-09 03:17

{{On 3/7/2020 at 11:03 AM, Mrgala21 said:

This is one of my favorite stories ever so far. I will be watching this closely to see what actually happens when Riley gets too college. I absolutely love how you are writing this with all of the flashbacks. Im beginning to notice a bit more fart/poop desperation stories on this site and Im very happy about that because for the longest time I felt very much like people didn't want to see that and it was even looked down upon in a way. Thank you for this and keep up the good work man. These type of stories will never gain anywhere near as much traction as a traditional pee desperation story but know that people do enjoy them quite a bit.

}}

Thanks dude I'm really glad you like it!! I hope you enjoy as I have big plans for this!

Okay guys here's the next part. And don't worry Riley will get to college soon!

Back in the present Riley’s dad had pulled into the rest stop. As they pulled into a parking spot her mom quickly got up and started to open the car door to get out. As she did this a loud fart slipped out, an airy sounding one. Her mom gasped softly as this fart had almost caused her to shit herself. She needed to get into that gas station bathroom and quick. This just made Riley’s urge worse as hearing her mom get to release some pressure just made her body want it more. She had a plan. She opened her door as well and said “I’m gonna go in and buy an Icee real quick” to her dad. Her dad looked up from his phone and said “Okay cool.”

Riley followed her mother into the store, when her mom saw Riley following her she got nervous. “Do you need to use the restroom honey?” she asked stopped in place, bobbing up and down while gripping a shelf that some chips were on. Maria loved her daughter very much and was always there for her, but she did not want her to be there when she released this monster. “Please say no, please say no.” she thought. Riley was going to the restroom to rip ass, but she didn’t want her mom to know that the farts in there were hers, even if Riley knew what her mom was about to do was way worse. “No, I’m just in here to buy an Icee.” she said smiling at her mom. “Oh thank God” her mom thought in her head, but she just simply said “Sounds good sweetie” and walked into the bathroom.

Riley ran up to the door just in time to hear the stall door slam, then walked in after her. Once in the bathroom Maria rushed into the first stall and quickly shut it. Her own greasy breakfast had gotten to her. It moved through her at record speed and wanted out now. Just as she began pulling down her athletic shorts she heard the bathroom door open and heard the footsteps of another woman.

“God damn it” she thought “Can’t I shit in peace?” Riley’s plan was to go to the farthest stall from her mom, but this one only had two so she chose the one right next to her. Riley's mom sat down on the toilet and instantly clenched her cheeks. Ever since she was little she hated pooping in public, she rarely did it but would always try to wait for the bathroom to clear out first. Riley went into the stall and shut it. She considered sitting on the toilet but that would just make them echo and thus louder. Her mom sat on the toilet, a little trickle of pee came out but that was not what she was in here for.

“Come on, just use the bathroom and leave.” she thought. Her stomach gurgled as it begged for release. It was torture sitting there, ready to go and having to hold it back. Riley felt a fart come on, and just let rip. It was a booming fart, one you would expect to hear a fat guy rip not a petite college girl. Riley sighed as she had been holding that one in for 30 minutes. Riley’s mom heard the girl rip a huge fart and thought “Okay, if she’s about to take a shit too then screw it”. She immediately ripped a wet sounding fart into the bowl. She began having diarrhea, it was low sounding as she tried to hold it back still embarrassed about the situation and trying her best to make it quiet. Riley then blasted another fart, another airy sounding one. It felt so good to get all the pent up gas out. Riley’s mom then blasted three wet farts that sprayed the bowl with her poo.

“Wow, her breakfast really fucked her up stomach!” Riley thought. Her mom blushed a bit as she was destroying this toilet in front of another woman , she was trying to hold back and not make too much noise but it just kept coming out. “It’s not like I’ll ever see that woman again. Plus it sounds like she came here just to fart? Like she clearly isn’t on the toilet. Must’ve been on a trip with her boyfriend and came in here just to get some gas out.” She thought. Riley then blasted 3 farts that kinda sounded like a machine gun type fart and sighed afterwards.

“Damn, this chick can rip some serious ass!” Riley’s mom thought. Riley, like her mother, blushed slightly as she stank up the bathroom with her farts. Well the bathroom absolutely stunk because of Riley’s fart and Maria’s intense dump. Riley’s mom had one more spurt of diarrhea shoot out followed by a fart that was slightly less wet and sighed, she hadn’t felt this great in awhile. Riley ripped one more silent fart in the stall that smelled like rotten eggs and then quickly walked out of the bathroom, leaving her mom to finish up. Riley did feel a bit bad, her mom had clearly been trying to hold back a bit so as to not make as much noise but when a girls gotta fart. “Oh of course, now this chick leaves” Maria thought as she started wiping.

She looked down into the bowl and sighed, she honestly didn’t know if it would flush, she had used quite a bit of toilet paper on top of the poop in there. She pulled the handle and the toilet made a gurgling noise as the shit and toilet paper went in a circle. Yep, she had clogged it. Embarrassed, she quickly went to the sink and started washing her hands. This was another reason Maria hated public restrooms, she occasionally clogged them. Not every time, but if she happened to use a weak toilet… Just then a woman about her age came in and went into the stall Maria had just destroyed. She quickly gagged and walked out. Maria blushed hard as the women looked at her and said “God damn, someone did a number on the toilet!” Maria just smiled and said “Yeah I know, that’s why I used the other stall” she said laughing. The women chuckled back and walked into the other stall. Maria walked to her car and sat back down. Her husband looked at her and said “Breakfast give you the shits?”

“John! Shut up!” She said blushing and slapping him lightly on the arm. He just simply laughed and started driving out of the parking lot. In the back seat Riley sipped her Icee and just smiled as the gas had been expelled out of her. Still, she knew a shit storm was coming and could only hope that it would come before her roommate got there.

*003*2020-03-10 17:24

Hey guys! This is a bit of a longer one but I hope you all enjoy it! Also if you have any ideas for any scenarios or suggestions just let me know! I've also decided to start naming my chapters to help keep track.

Chapter 5: Locker Room Quicke

Riley’s dad pulled into the busy parking lot outside of her dorm. “God dammit this place is busy” he mumbled as he found a parking spot wayyyyy in the very back. Riley helped unload the car and start carrying some stuff up to the dorm. When she got to her entrance there was like a million people going in and out. There was also a large table with signs taped to them that said “First Floor, Second Floor, Third Floor and Fourth Floor”. Riley’s room was on the 4th floor so she walked up to the girls sitting behind the sign. One was a pale girl with red hair tied in a braid behind her back, she had lots of freckles on her face, she was on the taller side being about 5”9, she was on the skinner side but not a twig like Riley She had blue eyes..

She had a flatter butt and was on the larger end of a B cup. The other girl was shorter, around 5”4, and had light blue hair. It was short hair that was around shoulder length. She was heavier than the other girl but by no means fat, she was pretty average in the weight department. She did have chubby cheeks though and bright blue eyes. She had a very clear face with no blemishes. She had a flattish butt but had more to it than the other girl. She also had slightly bigger boobs than the ginger girl next to her.

The redhead smiled widely at Riley and said “Hi! Room number?”

“417: Riley responded back. The girl had a very peppy attitude that rubbed off on RIley. “Awesome! My name is Sydney and I’ll be your RA!” she said smiling at Riley; she talked with a small lisp. “This is my roommate Brie.” she said motioning to the blue hair girl next to her. Brie gave a small smile and wave. “What’s your name?” Sydney asked. “Riley Jones.” Riley responded. “Okay Riley, swipe your ID here.” Sydney pushed forward a little device. “This will activate your ID with your room so you can get in,” she said smiling, “So don’t lose it!” As Riley did this she noticed Brie was squirming a bit in her seat. She had her one leg crossed and was bouncing it up and down. Now lots of people do this, a lot of people get restless and move their legs around.

But Riley noticed she would occasionally put her hand under the leg, into her crotch area, and pull it back out a few seconds later. Brie needed to pee. Riley would never admit it but it slightly turned her on to know people were desperate for the bathroom, especially girls. They were the most shy about using the bathroom and expressing their need and Riley had gotten good at noticing when people needed to go and which need they had to do. And Brie was exhibiting the perfect signs for a need to pee. “Ok, your good to go!” Sydney said, snapping Riley out of her daze. “We’ll be having a hall meeting tonight at 7 to go over rules and stuff, so make sure to be in the lounge by then!” Riley thanked them and started walking with her parents up to her room, she got one last look at Brie who continued bobbing up and down in her seat.

They walked up to her room and started unpacking everything, Riley wasn’t one of those girls who packed 20 million things, she had just packed the essentials. They spent the next hour and a half setting up her bed, putting everything on her desk, putting her clothes away, all that good stuff. Riley had gotten a good luck at the bathroom which just made her more worried. There was no fan in the bathroom which not only meant she couldn’t get rid of the smell, but that she couldn’t block out the sound either. Fans were her best friend when she had to use a bathroom that wasn’t her own and now the bathroom she’d be sharing in a small room would not have one. One of her best friends in high school, Jessica, had a bathroom that had no fan and it was the absolute worst to use.

Riley could remember one time when they were juniors in high school they were having a lil Halloween party at Jessica’s house. Riley’s friends were never drinkers so it wasn’t that type of a party, more just a large get-together of friends. There was food, music, games, all that fun stuff. They had been there for about four hours and of course Riley had noticed the bathroom situation. She hadn’t gone yet but other people have and if you were close to the door you could hear everything. Now there was music so it made it harder to hear but even being semi-close to the door you could hear it.

Now Riley knew there was no fan, she had been to Jessica’s before and noticed that there was no fan before. They didn’t hang at Jessica’s too often so it was usually not noticed, but since they were there the whole night she definitely could tell a few of her friends had tried finding a fan. The first one she noticed was her friend Sophie, she had just arrived and asked Jessica where the bathroom was. Sophie was on the bowling team and had practice after school, Riley knew Sophie hated using school restrooms because of their uncleanliness so she figured she had been holding it all day, especially since she asked Jessica right when she walked in.

Sophie was on the taller side, around 5”8. She was on the skinny side and had short dirty blonde hair that looked like black hair with a lot of blonde mixed it. She had plastic glasses that were silver with round lenses. She had a really nice, round butt but was on the smaller side when it came to boobs. Sophie walked into the bathroom and flicked on the light, Riley then noticed her look at the switch, almost as if to see if there was a switch for a fan. She then looked up and Riley knew she was looking for a fan. She heard Sophie sigh then shut the door. She heard her unbuckle her belt and pull her khaki pants that were part of her bowling uniform down. Inside Sophie sat on the toilet, pants around her ankles and thought “Who the hell doesn’t have a fan in there bathroom?!” Sophie usually didn’t care about using public bathrooms, she tried to avoid them but she didn’t care about people hearing her.

Well when it came to pee, Sophie refused to poop in public. She just didn’t like people hearing her fart echo in the bowl and smelling what came out of her. Sophie was one of those girls who took a shit right after school. She would start feeling the urge around the last period of the day usually and would go home and go straight to the bathroom. Once she joined the bowling team that schedule would shift to after bowling practice. She had to hold it a little longer, but practice was only an hour and it was better than taking a dump in a dirty bowling alley. Plus her teammates would definitely notice her being gone for such a long time and give her crap about, well her crap. So instead she would usually rush home and take a shit after bowling practice. It was never really a close call, she never almost didn’t make it. Though occasionally she would have a few skid marks from holding it for a few hours which she was a bit embarrassed about since her mom did her laundry.

On this Halloween day Sophie felt the usual urge in her 7th period math class. This was normal, she always had to shit during this class. But she would never ask to go to the bathroom, for one school bathrooms were disgusting, for two she’d be gone awhile and her classmates would know she took a dump and third there might be people in there to hear/smell her output. Sophie was lucky in that she really didn’t get pre-poop farts so holding her load in wasn’t too difficult. The downside to no pre-poop farts meant that she farted a lot on the toilet, which added to her dislike with pooping near people. So she sat through class, a load brewing in her stomach, and then the bell rang. She walked out of class and headed to the locker room so she could change into her bowling uniform. As she walked there she passed Jessica who excitedly said “See you at my party!”

Sophie had almost forgotten about that. “I don’t wanna stink up Jessica’s bathroom, I guess I’ll just go at the bowling alley.” she thought to herself. She wasn’t looking forward to it though, the idea of using a dirty bowling alley bathroom made her shutter. But on the bright side, it would be 4PM, there probably wouldn’t be a ton of people there. She entered the locker room and put her bag down. As she undressed and got into her uniform she talked to a few of her teammates about the usual high school stuff.

The locker room did have a bathroom but since they were a small and poor school it probably hadn’t been updated since the 70s, it was literally just one toilet out in the open, no stall or walls around it at all. Sophie had never used it, not even for a pee. One or two teammates had used it over the years, just for a pee though. And those were usually the bolder, more outspoken teammates. Even then those teammates had been desperate as Sophie could hear their streams go on and on and on.

Sophie had gotten to the locker room late so she was one of the last ones to leave. The other was a sophomore girl named Sage. She was shorter, around 5”5, she had bright dyed blonde hair that almost looked like a wig because of how bright it was. She was very very skinny and had a soft looking face. She had very thick eyebrows. She was pretty flat chested but had a great little butt that was firm. She was a quiet girl who didn’t talk a whole lot to other teammates, but she was younger so that could have been why. She was just sitting on the base of her locker, scrolling through her phone.

Sophie noticed that Sage was rocking back and forth a bit, she also had a tense look on her face. Sophie just shrugged it off, figured she was sick and started walking out of the locker. She walked out and the door slammed behind her, but right away Sophie realized she forgot her gym bag in the locker room. She immediately turned around and walked back in. She noticed right away that Sage was gone, but she heard the sound of running water. She then realized it was pee hitting the water and she smiled. Sage was just pissing, she must have been too shy to go in front of anyone so she waited for them to leave.

From Sophie’s locker you could the toilet because of the way the mirror in the bathroom was set up, but the person on the toilet could not see you. She saw Sage hovering above the toilet, urine gushing out of her. Her bush was black, her original hair color. Sage had an immense look of relief on her face as Sophie watched the stream gush out of her. After around a minute the stream died down, and after another minute it stopped. Sophie thought Sage would start wiping but she didn’t, she stayed hovering over the bowl. That’s when Sophie started wondering if Sage had some more serious business to take care of. Sophie then heard Sage do a small grunt.

Then another small grunt. That’s when Sophie could see a log emerge from Sage’s butt. It kept coming, growing longer and longer till it broke off and hit the water with a flumpf noise in the water. Immediately after that fell Sophie saw 3 small logs fall out and make loud plopping noises in the water. Sage sighed loudly and began pulling toilet paper. The bathroom had an earthy poop smell to it now as Sage's poop had filled the room since the bathroom had no door. Sophie gave her credit, that was a fast crap. She was probably trying to rush it so she wouldn’t be late to the bus and have people question her. Sage flushed and Sophie used that opportunity to hurry out of the locker room. Watching Sage poop just reminded Sophie of her own need. She felt the rumble in her gut and sighed. She hated her poop schedule.

*006*2020-07-13 20:06

Hey guys! Sorry for being gone for so long, with school and all the chaos happening in the world I just couldn’t find time to write this. But here it is, and I will be more active this summer!

Sophie got onto the bus that took the team to the local bowling alley for practice. Even though many of the girls had cars and could drive themselves, their bowling coach liked them to all take the bus to encourage team bonding. The alley was only 10 mins away so they got there quickly and went in to start practice. Sophie’s stomach gurgled as she felt an urge to fart come on. She bent down to get her bowling gear and it slipped out. It was decently loud and was one of those farts that was wet and sounded like a duck. She immediately shot up, blushing furiously. The only girl near her was her teammate Nicole. Nicole smiled sympathetically at her and said “It’s okay, it happens.” Sophie blushed even harder and replied back “I-I don’t know what you’re talking about.” She grabbed her gloves and ball out and quickly walked away, embarrassed that her slip had been heard.

The whole time she was bowling her stomach churned and gurgled. She needed a shit, and bad. Whenever she went up to bowl she could fart, just to relieve a little pressure. Nobody could hear it up there with the loud sound of the balls traveling down the lane. While the farts helped temporarily, her urge grew stronger. The last few farts sounded wetter and wetter, Sophie dreaded the thought of using the alley bathrooms but if she held any longer the farts would turn into sharts.

Finally practice was done and the coach huddled them up. Coach Walker was a middle-aged woman, but she looked good for her age. She was of average height, had jet black hair that she often wore in a ponytail and was fairly skinny. She had tanner skin and despite being in her 30s, she was already showing some wrinkling. Sophie noticed that Coach was standing a bit stiff and was rushing her words. She just quickly told them good job and that next practice was Tuesday after school. The whole time Coach was talking Sophie bobbed up and down in place. “Hurry up, hurry up!” She thought to herself. Coach clapped her hands which always meant practice was dismissed.

Sophie and Coach both immediately made a beeline for the bathrooms. Sophie immediately got nervous, no way could she shit in the bathroom with people, especially her coach! They both walked in and Sophie just hoped that Coach needed a piss. Coach immediately shot into one of the stalls and slammed it shut. It was then that Sophie noticed the other two stalls had caution tape over them and had out of order signs taped onto the doors. Sophie’s stomach gurgled in response and she couldn’t help but moan a little. Meanwhile, Coach was in the stall fumbling with her belt.

“Come on, come on.” she whispered to herself. Coach wasn’t the type of girl who avoided public toilets, she figured when nature calls you better answer it. She was only this desperate because she had Taco Bell for lunch and then was forced to hold her taco shit throughout practice. She had a responsibility to her athletes to be there for them, so she couldn’t just nip off to the toilet. Finally she got her belt undone and shot her jeans down to the floor. She sat down and a wet fart immediately splattered the bowl. Five more wet farts shot out, each with a little poo in them that lined the bowl.

Hearing this immediately made Sophie even more despeartate, she bobbed up and down and held her butt in her hands. She heard diarrhea shooting out of Coach’s butt, the kind that is loud and farty sounding. In the stall Coach felt amazing, while the poo did burn slightly it felt amazing to get it all out of her system. She sighed loudly. Hearing this relief in there was torturing Sophie, she leaned against the sink in agonoy. She hoped Coach would hurry up as she needed to add to the disgusting smell already filling the room.

Sophie’s cheeks were clenched intensely as she knew even a fart would break the seal holding it all back. Coach just kept releasing diarrhea. It wouldn’t stop coming out, but man did it feel amazing. She was farting up a storm as well, then it hit her. Sophie was still out there. Poor girl had been waiting the whole time, and here she was hogging the only stall. She started pushing harder to release all the remaining product out of her. Sophie had now started pacing, she never had to poop so badly in her entire life. She heard the pooping intensifying in the stall, more farts and splattering sounds were coming out.

Then they stopped and she heard toilet paper being pulled. “Yes! Oh thank God, thank God!” Sophie kept thinking to herself. She was now doing a bent over, slight dance to help ease the pressure. She was so glad no one else was in here to see her like this. Meanwhile Coach just kept wiping and wiping. “Man those Taco Bell shits really stain the ol’ behind” she thought to herself. She wiped 11 or 12 times then finally felt clean enough. She pulled her pants up and started buckling her belt. Sophie heard Coach pull her pants up and breathed a sigh of relief. Sweet relief was just seconds away.

Coach buckled her belt up and pulled the handle on the toilet. The toilet made a noise and stopped flushing. None of the poop or tp had gone done. “Oh fuck” Coach thought to herself. Coach was known to clog toilets, not because of her poops but because of how much toilet paper she uses. She just liked feeling clean, but that caused problems. She tried flushing again but the toilet didn’t even attempt to flush, she had clogged it good this time. Now Coach doesn’t get embarrassed easily but clogging a toilet while one of her athletes was waiting to use it was a bit much. She tried one more time but again the toilet wouldn’t budge. She opened the stall door and smiled shyly at Sophie. She saw the poor girl bobbing up and down by the sinks but had a look of relief on her face when she saw Coach exiting. “I-I’m sorry Sophie but I may have broken the toilet.” Sophie’s face immediately went white and her stomach churned again.

“Y-you what?!” she exclaimed. She clenched her cheeks harder as she started to realize relief may be farther than she had ever imagined. “I’m so sorry Sophie let me get a manager to unclog it then you can pee, okay?” she said blushing but smiling at her athlete. Sophie’s body in response to this released a loud, wet sounding fart, just like the one she had slipped in front of Nicole earlier only in the bathroom it echoed louder. Coach’s eyes widened.

“Sophie doesn’t have to pee, she has to---” she thought to herself. “Oh my God, Sophie I am so so so sorry!” she said blushing even harder. “Let me get a manager, I’ll ask him to hurry.” Sophie was now redder than a tomato, not only had she farted in front of her coach but she now knew how badly she had to shit and was going to get a manager about it. The manager would also see Sophie poop dance, she couldn’t stand that. “Coach, it’s fine I can hold it until I get home.” Sophie said, smiling at her coach. “Are you sure?” Coach replied, “I just feel so bad.”

“Don’t,” Sophie answered “I get it, I can make it trust me.” she said hurrying out of the bathroom. As she sprinted to her car and got in, Sophie could only hope as her bm came closer and closer to coming out, whether she wanted it to or not.

*009*2020-07-15 03:06

The speed limit was only 35 mph, but Sophie was easily pushing 50. She sat with her cheeks tightly clenched, she had never needed a toilet more in her entire life. She couldn’t even fart to relieve pressure, she got lucky that the fart back in the bathroom hadn’t been disastrous, but another one would result in soiled panties. Thank God the bowling alley was close to Jessica’s house so she would probably make it. Probably. Sophie was still slightly blushing as she knew she was going to destroy her friend’s toilet and could only hope the bathroom would be private enough. It didn’t help that she was also still embarrassed from farting in front of her Coach, Sophie had never farted in front of anyone other than her parents and siblings before. She was always embarrassed about dealing with any of her bodily needs.

Sophie’s car pulled up to Jessica’s. Luckily there were only a few cars there so the embarrassment would be kept to a minimum. She walked up to the door waddling like a duck, scared that any buttcheek spread would result in pooping herself. She was trying to maintain her composure, she was close to relief and maybe she could salvage her dignity. She knocked hard on the door, her breathing was also quite heavy at this point. Jessica opened the door and immediately embraced Sophie in a tight hug. The shit in Sophie’s butt started to poke out further, it was now touching her green panties. This hug couldn’t go on any longer or she’d shit herself. She pushed Jessica off of her and tried to act natural.

“Hey! I’m so freaking excited for tonight!” she said to Jessica. “Me too!!’ her friend exclaimed back, “This is gonna be the best fucking night!” Sophie then got straight to the point as she clenched and bobbed up and down. “Hey where’s your bathroom?” Jessica smiled and pointed to a door right next to the couch where a few girls were sitting and chatting, “Right there girl.” Sophie’s face immediately turned into a frown. It was so literally in the worst possible place. They would hear everything, Sophie was not a quiet pooper.

Throwing all dignity out the window Sophie started doing a little desperation dance and said “Um Jess, I’ll be real with you. This is gonna be a long bathroom experience and I don’t wanna hog the main bathroom, do you have another one I could use?” she asked blushing and smiling shyly. Jess gave Sophie a sympathetic smile and said “I get it Sophie, trust me I’m the same way but my dad is remodeling our upstairs bathrooms so this is the only one anyone can possibly use.” Sophie sighed, “It’s okay, not your fault.” she said as she walked into the house and walked into the bathroom. She turned on the light and then looked around for a fan. Not only would it lessen the stink she was about to unleash, but it would cover most of her loud noises. But there was only one switch in the whole bathroom. “Fuck.” she thought to herself. As she shut the door she saw the few girls there on the couch just scrolling through their phones and talking, she knew they’d hear everything.

Sophie sat on the toilet, pants around her ankles and thought “Who the hell doesn’t have a fan in their bathroom?!” She immediately dropped three logs that had been prairie dogging through the whole ordeal, they splashed into the water making loud kerplunk noises. Sophie couldn’t help but moan, it felt so good to get that out. She then immediately ripped two quick loud farts that sounded like a firecracker exploding in the bowl. Two more logs then fell quickly into the water. Sophie blushed intensely, as the conversation of the girls outside had stopped and she knew they were grossed out by what they heard.

Sophie then flushed as she knew she had more in her and didn’t want to pull a Coach Walker. The flushing gave her a brief loud cover to push out three more loud farts in quick session. While the toilet ran for a minute she pushed out a few small nuggets and right as the toilet finished filling and it grew silent again she ripped one more loud fart. Sophie had never been so great but so embarrassed at the same time. The relief was immense, she felt 100 times lighter, but she had no doubt in her mind they heard every second of it. As she pulled toilet paper and started wiping she heard the conversations outside pick back up again and more girls started arriving.

She looked down and saw a good sized skid mark in her panties, but she was used to that. She pulled her pants up, rebuckled her belt and flushed again. It all went down no problem, but it did leave skid marks in the bowl. Like a good amount of them. Sophie looked around for a toilet brush but of course Jessica didn’t have one. “Does this bitch not have anything to help a pooper out?!” Sophie opened the door and went to exit. Two girls, who Sophie did recognize as girls from Jessica’s dance troupe, were outside the bathroom clearly waiting to go in.

The first girl smiled and locked eyes with Sophie, but Sophie just looked away in embarrassment. She looked at the girls on the couch who tried giving Sophie sympathetic smiles, but that just caused her to blush harder. She hurried into the kitchen, desperate to get away from all this. The dance girl walked into the bathroom and scrunched her nose up, the putrid smell of Sophie’s poop filling her nose. She coughed a bit and shut the door. She lifted up the seat and saw the skidmarks all over the bowl and gagged again. She quickly sat down to pee and get out of here as quickly as possible. She looked around and thought to herself. “Really? No fan?”

*010*2020-07-31 05:19

As the party wore on and Sophie’s stink went away the bathroom got busier. A party with lots of drinks meant lots of urinating. Riley’s friends weren’t the party type so when we say drinks we mean Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Water, basically nothing alcoholic. Her friends just didn’t feel like they needed that stuff to have a good time, but soda made one have to piss almost as much as alcohol. There were probably around 30 girls there, so lines at the toilet were rare. After around an hour or so Riley’s bladder was pretty full and she decided to take a break from Uno and visit the toilet.

As she walked over to the bathroom she saw there were two girls in line. The first was Grace, a short girl with black hair that was a bob cut, she had an almost goth look to her and often reminded people of what the modern day basket case from the movie “The Breakfast Club” would look like. She had a decent body, though she would admit her boobs were bigger than her butt. Next was Daniella, she was actually a twin but very quiet. She’s Italian so she has olive skin, long light brown hair, a very skinny girl who was generally flat all around. Riley got in line and started scrolling her phone but both girls got her attention immediately, they both looked like they desperately needed a toilet. Grace was leaned up against the wall, hands buried in her crotch while she was slightly bent over. Grace hadn’t peed since this morning.

She, like many other girls, hated school bathrooms and chose to hold it all day. She would have stopped home and peed but she had to immediately go to work for a few hours to cover a shift for her friend. The Arby’s bathroom where she worked was a no go as well, so when she got to the party she headed straight to the bathroom but found it locked. Daniella on the other hand was rubbing her stomach and had sweat gleaning on her forehead. Soda always made her have the shits, it’s why she rarely drank it. But she was at a party so she figured what could go wrong. She didn’t expect it to hit her gut so quickly and a loud fart blast while playing Wii Bowling quickly told her she needed a toilet. Luckily the music was so loud that no one had heard it. She was disappointed to see Grace standing in line, this shit needed out soon.

Finally Grace turned to Daniella and said. “Dude, I gotta piss so bad. I was literally pee dancing while making people’s milkshakes.” she said with a laugh. Grace had no problem talking about her bathroom needs with friends. Daniella just laughed, she usually didn’t like talking to people about going to the bathroom so she just stayed quiet. “You know one time I was working a double right. Well I would never use our bathrooms, I clean them and I know how fucking dirty they get in there. No way is my butt touching that toilet seat. So I held it for 10 hours. I get free drinks at work too so you better believe my bladder was full. I got in my car when I got off and tried driving home as quickly as I could. I got the first red light and my bladder just gave up. I couldn’t control it, it just all came spewing out. I drenched my car seats and my work pants. I was so embarrassed when I walked in and my mom saw.” she said with a laugh.

The story made Grace squirm more thinking about the relief she felt at that red light. Daniella then started grabbing her crotch. Not only had the soda made her need a poo, her bladder was feeling it too and the two forces were getting harder to fight. Two girls, both just wanting to sit their butts on a toilet seat and release what was inside them. Grace felt bad seeing how bad Daniella needed to pee, she decided to be nice and asked, “Hey, wanna cut in front of me?” Daniella blushed hard and shook her head. “I insist, you look desperate!” she said and moved out of the way so Daniella could cut.

“N-no I’m okay.” Daniella replied. She didn’t mind pooping in public, but not with two girls waiting in line. One was enough, plus she didn’t wanna make Grace piss herself. Grace shrugged and said “Okay, but I’ll try to be quick for you!” Finally a flush was heard, then running water from the sink. All that rushing water flowing out of the sink made both girls squirm in place. The door opened and the girl inside walked out. Grace smiled and looked to Daniella, “Relief, here we come.” Grace shut the door and both Daniella and Riley heard a belt buckle being undone quickly. They then heard Grace release a furious force of pee into the bowl. Grace sighed heavily and whispered “Yessss.” This made Riley even a little desperate, she couldn’t imagine what it was doing to Daniella. Daniella was now bobbing up and down in place with one hand on her butt and another on her crotch.

She wouldn’t lie, hearing Grace’s pee caused her to leak quite a bit in her panties, she was wearing a skirt so none of it was visible to other people. But there was a baseball sized wet patch that was in danger of expanding. Not to mention she still needed a shit. Grace’s stream lasted a tourtours minute and a half until it died down. Grace immediately pulled her pants up quickly and redid her belt. She didn’t even bother to flush or was her hands, her goal was to get Daniella on that toilet as quickly as possible. Grace couldn’t lie, she felt a million times better.

She quickly opened the door and said “All yours.” with a smile. Daniella appreciated the effort, she really did. But she had been hoping that the refilling of the toilet would have covered up the sounds she was about to make in the toilet. No matter, she could always turn the fan on. She quickly walked in and slammed the door, giving Grace a smiling thank you for being so kind. She looked for the second switch to turn on the fan and didn’t see it. She squirmed in place and looked around the bathroom, and thought “Really? No fucking fan?!” No matter, at least it was only Riley out there. She was a quiet girl so she knew she wouldn’t gossip about this. She hiked up her skirt and pulled her panties down. As soon as she did piss started shooting out. “Oh shoot!” she yelped aloud as she quickly sat down, spraying the floor and the seat a bit in the fray.

Outside Grace had started to walk away when she realized she had left her phone in there. She quickly turned around and leaned next to the door. “Damn it, I left my phone in there.” she said to Riley. She heard Daniella’s stream hitting the water even harder then her stream and said “Damn, that girl did need to go!” Then she heard a fart blast into the toilet. It was a loud airy one. Grace didn’t think anything of it, after all she farted all the time while having a good pee. Then she heard another airy fart, then a wet fart blast into the toilet. As the pee stream died down she heard bouts of diarrhea exploding into the toilet with farts mixed in between. “That’s why she was so desperate!” she said aloud to Riley. Inside Daniella heard Grace say that and blushed harder than she ever had in her life. They could hear everything. Riley just smiled at Grace and said, “Makes sense.”

“Well good thing she chose not to cut me,” Grace said, “I definitely would have pissed myself waiting for a shit.” Daniella spent the next few mins blowing up the bowl. “Damn soda.” she kept thinking to herself. Finally, she felt empty and started wiping. Daniella flushed three times to make sure everything went down, but the smell was definitely there. It was a strong, sulfur smelling poop. She washed her hands and opened the door to see Grace chatting with Riley. Grace looked at her and said, “You must feel SO much better.”

Daniella just shly smiled and replied “Oh yeah.” Grace walked in to grab her phone and came out wafting the air. “Whew, smells like it felt good.” Daniella blushed and looked at Riley and said “I-I’m so sorry.” Riley replied, “Don’t be, it happens.” Riley walked in and thought “Grace wasn’t kidding, this does smell awful!” Daniella had down a good job getting everything down because you couldn’t even tell the toilet had just been assaulted. Riley pulled her jeans down and had a nice, steady piss. She walked out and another girl who had gotten into line. Riley smiled at the girl and felt the need to say “That wasn’t me who did that in there.” The girl looked confused and then smelled the air which caused her to plug her nose. She just smiled at Grace and walked into the death zone.

*012*2020-09-29 18:05

Hey guys! Sorry for another hiatus. I'll try to update this story more often. And as always I love to hear your thoughts on this chapter. Enjoy!

Jessica was always the party-girl type. She loved to have parties for every occasion. Halloween, Christmas, New Years, if it was a holiday she would find a way to have a party for it. Jessica was around 5”7, most of that height was in her long legs. She was Guyanaese, so she had darker skin that most people mistook for Indian. She had long black hair and brown eyes. She was a skinny girl, she didn’t eat much, never really liked many foods. But if there was one food she loved it was pizza. So, of course she had bought lots of pizza pies for her party and she had been eating plenty. She had been drinking lots of soda as well, as the pizza had made her pretty thirsty. This had of course gotten her bowels and bladder moving and she now had some needs to attend to. Jessica was too busy to really notice her needs at first. She was too busy being all over the place, trying to talk to everyone, make sure there was enough food and drinks, and most of all trying to have fun.

At first she just had to pee. She would take glances at the bathroom, but always saw someone in line and decided against it. She had more important things to worry about and truth be told she wanted to wait until after the party to go. Then the poop urge came. Her stomach felt heavy and she felt the urge to fart pretty bad. She really didn’t feel like blowing up her bathroom at her own party so she made the decision to hold until everyone left. As Jessica brought out another case of water she couldn’t help but squirm a little as the water sloshed around. If she was talking to someone she would often stand there and rub her thighs together. Sometimes if an intense desperation wave took over she would bob up and down, hoping no one would notice it. The poop side was a bit easier for her to contain. Jessica, like most girls, was pretty used to holding her urge back. In fact, most would say Jessica was really good at holding her craps back.

See most days Jessica would get the urge around mid-morning. Well that didn’t work out great for her given that she was in school most of those days. So she became good at holding it. Though she’d be lying if she didn’t say there were days she was forced to ask for a hall pass and take a dump at school. She absolutely hated those days. One day she was in study hall, 3rd period. The urge came on quick, quicker than usual. Jessica could tell it was gonna be a loose movement. She tried holding it, but she kept cutting these foul-smelling silent farts.

“Fuck, what is that smell?” asked the boy sitting next to her. “Shut up dude, you totally ripped ass,” his friend sitting next to him replied. “The hell I did, you must’ve!” the boy shot back. “No, you did!’ This exchange continued as Jessica continued to add to the smell the boys were talking about. Sometimes it paid to be the quiet girl in class. Finally she decided that these silent farts were going to turn into more of a problem if she didn’t hurry. She asked the teacher for a pass and made her way to the bathroom. Luckily she was all alone and she quickly entered a stall.

She sat down and a gunfire like sound of farts erupted out of her. Jessica always farted a lot when dropping a load off. She sighed in relief as the bowl-echoing farts kept coming. Finally some wet poop began shooting out, making a gross crackling gurgle noise as it poured out. Jessica was almost even disgusted with her own noises her body was making, she was thankful no one else was around to hear them. She finished it all off with a dry fart indicating the diarrhea had ended. It took a lot of toilet paper to get herself clean but once she did she was on her way back to class.

Back at the party Jessica was nearing her limit on the pee need. She was holding off her poop need just fine, but the urine reallyyyyyy wanted out. The only problem was that she knew if she went to pee, the poop would follow whether she wanted it to or not. Jessica was sat on the couch watching her friends do karaoke. She had her heel in her crotch, and was shaking her other leg pretty vigorously. It caught the attention of Riley sitting next to her. “Are you alright Jess? You’re acting like you have ants in your pants,” she said with a laugh.

“What? Oh, yeah I’m fine just a lot of caffeine from the pop,” she said with a laugh trying to play it off. She sat in her seat squirming for about five minutes. When her friends made her laugh and a spurt of urine gushed out for a moment, causing her to grab herself as she regained control she decided it was time to visit the bathroom. Now she wasn’t going to use the downstairs bathroom, oh no way too embarrassing. She would simply go upstairs and use the bathroom in her parents room. Earlier when Sophie had needed to use the upstairs bathroom for her serious business Jessica felt bad, she really did. But she hadn’t lied, the upstairs bathroom was being remodeled. But her parents bathroom was open, she just didn’t want anyone in her parents room. She was scared they would mess something up or worse, break something.

So she excused herself and quickly hurried up the stairs where the noise of the party quickly muffled. She went into her parents room and shut the door behind her. She then went into their private bathroom, it didn’t have a door, when you’re married that long you’ve seen it all. She went in and quickly hiked up her navy skirt and pulled her panties down. The second she sat down a giant fart erupted out of her that she had been holding in while on the couch. Her pee started gushing out and she released a second, less giant but still loud, fart. She sighed loudly as her pee continued to stream out.

“Oh thank God,” she whispered to herself. As her pee started to die down after around 45 seconds another dry fart ripped into the bowl. She started to push and a big log quickly came shooting out and made a loud splash noise as it hit the water. She didn’t even really have to push as two more smaller logs made two more splashes into the water. She ripped a quiet fart that barely made a noise and began to push again. The last piece came out with a very small noise as it hit the water. She sighed once more and sat there breathing kind of heavily. She felt insanely good and then began to pull some tp and wipe. She then flushed and headed down stairs. She walked out of her parents room and shut the door behind her.

Just then Riley popped up from lying behind Jessica’s parents bed, out of site. She was blushing heavily. Riley couldn’t explain it but she became extremely turned on hearing other people use the bathroom. For some reason she thought it was one of the hottest things in the world. She knew that Jessica had needed a pee badly, anyone could tell that. She followed her upstairs to hear her go and was overjoyed when it became more than a pee. She quietly shut the door and walked downstairs, Luckily, because of all the people at the party no one had noticed her sneak away or sneak back down. The party ended soon after and everyone went home. Still, Riley couldn’t help but think about that night often. Hearing all those girls pee and poop. It truly awoke something in her.

*015*2020-10-01 21:30

Hey Guys! This chapter is a bit short but that's because it was originally apart of a bigger chapter than ran wayyyyyy too long. So be prepared, a long part is just around the corner. But for now, enjoy this!

Back in present day Riley’s room was fully set up and looked great. She had several Taylor Swift posters on the wall along with some other musical posters. She had her bed decked out in pink. Pink sheets, pink fluffy pillows. She had a little nightstand next to her bed which had various knick knacks on it along with photos of Riley with friends and family. The university had provided a closet for them so all her clothing was in there. She had some water and pop in her mini fridge that she would be sharing with Sammy. She had some food stored in her desk. She was all set for her first semester away from home.

Before they said their goodbyes Riley’s mom headed towards the bathroom and said “I’m just gonna use the bathroom before we leave,” she said walking in and shutting the door behind her. This was the moment of truth, Riley had been waiting for one of her parents to use the toilet so she could gauge how well the sound traveled. She heard silence for a moment and then. The sound of pee hitting the water. It started light at first then turned into a hard stream. It sounded like her mom was peeing in a toilet right next to her. Riley was mortified, Sammy would hear every sound that would escape her body. But a thought crossed her mind. “I’ll hear everything she does in there too!” she thought excitedly. Riley was both terrified and pumped for this, though her scaredness outweighed her excitement, Riley really hated people hearing her use the toilet.

Riley’s mom finished peeing and Riley heard her pulling toilet paper. The toilet flushed and her mom came out looking relieved. Riley’s family wasn’t a super emotional one so the goodbyes were heartfelt but not filled with tears or sadness. She told her parents she’d see them at Thanksgiving and make sure to call every night. They gave hugs and then her parents left her alone in her room. Riley was by herself in a whole new world now. She was both excited and terrified to tackle it, just like the bathroom scenario.

It was 3:30 and Sammy wasn’t due to come until 5 so Riley had the room to herself. Riley was exhausted, she had woken up pretty early that morning, especially after sleeping in so much in the summer. Plus, she had gone to bed late the night before on account of being too excited to be sleepy. Her stomach still felt weird on account of the breakfast, but she didn’t really have to poop yet. That part kinda stressed her out, she was hoping to get the urge soon so she could blow the toilet up before Sammy got her. No matter, breakfast always gave her the shits. The urge would come soon enough. She flopped down on her bed and closed her eyes. She wasn’t trying to go to sleep, she just happened to drift off.

Riley sat up suddenly. Her stomach was in intense pain and it smelled awful. Suddenly she heard a huge sound. She suddenly realized that she just farted, a really loud and wet one. That must’ve been why the room smelled so bad. She had been ripping ass while she was napping. Her stomach gurgled, she needed to shit. Now. She picked up her phone and looked at the time. 4:56. Fuck. Riley jumped off her bed. “Please, please don’t come right now.” she thought to herself. She quickly went into her bathroom and slammed the door.

She locked the door behind her and took a quick glance around. It was a simple bathroom. A toilet and a shower protected by a glass door. Riley ripped another fart as she started pulling down her jean shorts. Just as she was about to sit down on the bowl and get her relief she heard the main door get thrown open. Like thrown open as in opened super vigorously and quickly. “Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Riley thought as she quickly pulled her pants up and started to squirm in place as her poop, that was so close to being released, was forced to shoot back up into her. Before Riley even had time to think the door handle was being pulled vigorously, someone from the other side was trying hard to get the door open, which was thankfully locked.

Outside the door was Natalie, Sammy’s older sister. She was a junior at a college about two and a half hours away from Riley's college. She was a short girl, around 5”4, she was around average weight but had a great butt, her boobs were a bit smaller. She had dirty blonde hair that went down to her mid-back. She wore black-rimmed glasses and had brown eyes. She still had a baby face despite being well into her 20s. And this very girl was attempting to get into the bathroom that Riley was squirming around in.

*017*2020-10-03 02:07

Natalie had to poop and pee so badly. She wasn’t the type of girl to get desperate often, she had a huge bladder and good bowels. She was a morning pooper, a lot like Riley’s mom she would wake up and drop her load off. However she had spent the night before drinking with friends and had woken up late and hung over. Natalie had woken up with a pounding headache and 8 missed calls from her dad along with several texts. She was supposed to be outside to meet her parents to help Riley move in at 2:00 pm, her phone read 2:11. Along with the headache she woke up with a night’s worth of alcohol pent up in her along with a poop brewing. She groaned as she grabbed her crotch and jiggled in bed. Her phone rang again, she quickly picked it up.

“I’m up, I’m up,’ she mumbled into the phone. “Get the hell down here,” her dad yelled into the phone in an irritated tone. “Okay, okay, I’m coming down now,” Natalie replied as she quickly jumped out of bed. Natalie slept in the nude, so she quickly grabbed a fresh pair of red panties and then put on some black leggings. She then put on a matching bra and put on a college tee that had her university name on it. She started to walk towards the bathroom when her phone vibrating in her pocket reminded her she had no time for a visit. She hurried down her apartment stairs, it made her bladder jiggle around which caused her to hiss loudly as she had no way of really holding while running down the stairs.

Finally she got outside and hurried into her parents car. She sat down and ignored her dad’s rant about being responsible and that she was an adult now and that she had to be more on time to things, blah blah blah. What she was focused on was her toilet needs. She had immediately dug both hands into her private area as all that running had come close to making her leak. Sammy sat in the seat next to her, not paying attention to any of this as she had headphones on and music blaring. As the car pulled out of Natalie’s apartment parking lot they went over three speed bumps, each one made Natalie squeal as her urine once again came close to leaking out.

Sammy’s mom heard Natalie squeal, “What was that honey?” she asked, mildly concerned. “I’ve gotta piss mom, I had no time to use the bathroom!” she replied back urgently. She had no plans to mention her poop need however, it was the lesser of the needs plus it’d be embarrassing to say that out loud. “Well we could have stopped at a rest stop if you hadn’t come out so late, but we have no time now,” her dad replied gruffly. “It will just have to wait.” Natalie jiggled in her seat and held her crotch tightly. Her stomach gurgled as her beer shits made its presence known. Natalie could only remember one other time she was this desperate on both ends.

It was her first year of college. Natalie went to an older college and that meant true communal bathrooms. Her floor bathroom was basically a public restroom that everyone shared. And by everyone it meant everyone, like boys and girls. When Natalie moved in she knew she’d be sharing it with girls, she wasn’t excited about it. She hated using the bathroom in front of others. She always had since she was a kid, she never used the bathrooms at school. So this was gonna be a rough experience for her. She had been holding her pee in all day because she was too scared to use the bathroom, but when she sneezed and a spurt of urine dampened her panties she knew it was time.

She headed towards the bathroom but stopped short when she saw a guy walk in. That must’ve been the boys room, so she started walking around the hall looking for the girls bathroom. But she couldn’t find another bathroom. She was back at the original bathroom and was staring at it, it had a boys and girls symbol on it, like you’d see at a store with one toilet in it so anyone could use it. Then she saw a girl make her way down the hall and walk into the same bathroom as the guy. Natalie gasped, it was a gender neutral bathroom. She jiggled in place, she had to pee too badly to wait anymore.

She walked into the bathroom. It was a huge bathroom, on one side of the wall were around a dozen toilet stalls. On the other side of the wall was around a dozen sinks. Around the corner were the showers, a curtain covered the shower stall for privacy. There was a guy at the sink brushing his teeth and right next to him was a girl brushing her wet hair after a shower. Natalie looked at the stalls and the gap was wide enough underneath that you could see the feet of the people using them. The first stall had a girl in pink socks with a bunch of clothes in a pile on the ground. The girl in that stall was changing into her pajamas. Next to her was a girl doing the same thing, clothes on the ground changing into sleep wear. Natalie didn’t know it yet, but the two girls were roommates who were too shy to change in front of one another. Next to the stall was exactly what Natalie was afraid of. It was clearly a guy in there, he was standing up and peeing a furious stream into the bowl.

She was mesmerized by the sound of his stream hitting the toilet. She had never really heard a guy pee before, occasionally one of her friend’s boyfriends, but not this close. It was still hitting the water hard. Natalie figured he was holding it all day just like her, because he didn’t wanna use this bathroom either. Hearing his pee made her squirm even more. The next stall over had another guy peeing. This guy had a lighter stream. After that stall Natalie found the first girl using a toilet. She could see her sweatpants down around her ankles and she could hear her pee filling the bowl rapidly. That girl's stream was just as loud and hard as the one boy, so she must’ve been another student who held all day in fear of communal washrooms. Next to her the stall was empty. Stall #7 had another girl who seemed to be peeing.

Whereas the first girl had her feet flat on the ground, this girl was on her tiptoes. The pee stream was louder and harder than the other girls, but Natalie could tell it was because the girl was hovering over the bowl to avoid sitting on the seat. The next stall over was another guy peeing. He had an okay stream going, definitely not as impressive as the first Natalie noted. The next stall over had a girl in it. She had slippers on and Natalie noticed there was no noise coming from the stall. She had been peeing lightly when Natalie walked in but it had gone radio silent since then.

The pee stream was so light that it couldn’t have been what she came for so Natalie figured she had to poop. Next to that girl was a dude, but he was the first dude sitting down. No noise was coming from his stall, so Natalie determined he must’ve been a shy pooper. Next to the two shy poopers was another girl. That girl was the bravest of them all. Natlie had heard the girl fart twice when she walked in, two airy farts. Since then she had heard two logs drop into the bowl. Next to the pooping girl, in the last stall, was a girl who since Natalie walked in had been wiping. Natalie figured based on the amount she was pulling that she had been taking a dump.

Natalie found it funny how the bathroom was separated like that, once you got towards the end that’s where all the poopers were. It made sense, Natalie knew if she had to drop a load she would’ve been at the end. Natalie stared at everything for a bit, she desperately had to pee but she was doing a good job hiding it just rubbing her thighs together lightly. Just then the guy who was in stall 8, in between the girl hovering to pee and the girl waiting to poop, flushed. I’ll take that one Natalie decided. She lined up outside the stall door and waited for him to come out.

She heard him buckle his belt up and unlock the stall door. He came out and smiled shyly at Natalie, he was a cute looking boy who looked a tad embarrassed to have a girl use the stall after him. Natalie knew the feeling, she was a bit mortified as she smiled back. She was still rubbing her thighs together, which, although subtle, Natalie thought he could totally see. She walked in, shut the stall door and locked it behind her. She pulled down her tan denim shorts and sat down on the toilet. To her left the girl who had been hovering to pee was finishing up, Natalie heard the last drops drop into the toilet and then heard her pull some paper. Despite being super desperate to pee moments before, Natalie couldn’t get her stream started at first.

She already didn’t like urinating in front of other girls, but guys being there made that way worse. To her right was the girl in slippers who was not pooping. It was still very quiet over there. The hover girl flushed and as the water swirled around in the toilet, Natalie finally released her pent up piss. She sighed a deep sigh of relief. She had been holding it in since that morning.

After about 4 seconds the toilet stopped making noise and it got quiet in the bathroom. Natalie realized her pee was the only noise currently being made. She blushed heavily. Her pee continued for another minute or so, steadily hitting the water below. All of the peeing guys had finished up and left. The peeing girls had left as well and so was the girl who was wiping. The girls changing had left as well. The only ones left as Natalie finished her pee was the proud pooping girl and the boy/girl shy pooper duo. As Natalie wiped herself she heard the proud pooper start wiping. They finished about the same time and came out together.

Natalie blushed as the girl smiled at her. The girl was a goth looking chick, she had black hair with green dye in it and a piercing in her nose and lip. She was on the chubbier side but had a very tan face for a goth. The two girls washed their hands. While they were washing them they heard a giant fart rip from the girl’s stall. Immediately following that the guy ripped a fart that was just as loud. The girl followed suit with 3 bowl echoing farts. The guy then ripped two of the same, his were quieter though.

The guy then had a rush of diarrhea splash into the toilet with a “splurk” noise. That was quickly followed by the girl dropping a similar load, that had a bit less in it. The girl then farted again, this one was wetter sounding and had some poop mixed in. Natalie and the goth girl couldn’t help but laugh quietly with each other. The two had been waiting so long that when one broke the other couldn’t hold back anymore. “Well I’d say that was fair,” the goth girl whispered to Natalie. Natalie looked at her a bit puzzled, “What do you mean?”

“Well,” the goth girl replied with a smirk, “the girl broke and farted first, but the boy broke with the pooping part first.” Natalie laughed at the girl’s observation. “Yeah, I guess you’re right.” The goth girl smiled one last time at Natalie as she finished drying her hands with a paper towel and walked out.

Natalie was weirdly curious to see how the two last people in the bathroom played out, so she decided to wait and see. She acted like she was fixing her hair in the mirror while keeping her eyes glued to the stalls behind her. Both the boy and girl spent the next few minutes taking turns ripping a fart then unleashing diarrhea into the bowl. Finally the boy released a final small amount of poop into the toilet and started to wipe. The girl also released a last wave of poo, then started to wipe as well. They both wiped for a bit, the girl flushed midway through, probably to prevent it from clogging.

This must have given the guy the same idea because he flushed a few seconds after and kept wiping as well. Natalie couldn’t believe how in sync they were as the both flushed around 2 seconds apart, the guy had flushed a little sooner though. She saw them both pull up their jeans and heard them buckling their belts. The guy stepped out first. He was around 6” and a little on the chubby side. He had very dark long brown hair that was kept inside a backwards Pittsburgh Pirates baseball cap. His cheeks were also a bit rosy. He sighed as he walked out, but then he locked eyes with Natalie.

Natalie just smiled at him, but it caused the boy to start blushing furiously. He quickly walked to the sink and started pumping soap quickly. The girl walked out next. She swung the door open and sighed to herself. She was a tall girl, around 5”9, and was pretty skinny. “What a shit for a skinny girl!” Natalie thought to herself. She had very tan skin and a very smooth face. She had light brown curly hair that went down a little past her shoulders She, just like the guy, also locked eyes with Natalie and started blushing furiously. She looked down at the ground and quickly walked over to the sinks. Because she was looking at the ground, however, she didn’t realize where she was walking and smacked right into the guy. The both made an oof noise and looked at each other, briefly locking eyes. They then both blushed furiously and looked away from each other.

There was no denying it, the bathroom smelled. Natalie didn’t mean too, she hates pooping in public as well but the smell did make her cough a bit. The guy and girl looked over at Natalie then blushed harder once again, looking back to their washing hands quickly. Suddenly two girls walked in. They were talking loudly and giggling to each other. They just so happened to approach the two stalls that the guy and girl had blown up. They both stopped talking, went into their stalls and shut them behind them. 3 seconds later the first door, the stall that the guy had used, swung open.

“Oh my God!” the girl exclaimed. “Someone destroyed that toilet, it smells so bad!” she said gagging. Natalie and the curly haired girl both looked at the guy as he somehow got even redder. Suddenly the other girl came out of her stall quickly as well, “Fuck, someone blew this one up as well. There’s still some remains in the bowl.” she said as she gagged. This time the guy and Natalie looked at the curly haired girl as she somehow blushed harder. “Fuck this, I can hold it.” the girl replied. Both girls hurried out of the bathroom, holding their noses.

Natalie felt horrible for the two poopers, everyone pooped, they shouldn’t feel shame. She was just about to speak up when she heard a small laugh. The guy, while still red faced, started to laugh. The girl, while also still blushing furiously, looked at the guy and smiled. She started to laugh as well. “We really did do a number on those toilets, didn’t we?” the guy says laughing. “Oh my gosh, we sure did,” the girl replies back laughing. “Did a number might be an understatement,” she adds, causing them both to laugh. “I had the cafeteria food here for the first time, so I’m sure we’re not alone,” the boy says, slightly rubbing his stomach. “That explains it!” the girl answers back, “I was wondering what I ate that killed me.” The boy smiles and says “I’m Jimmy.” The girl sticks out her hand, Jimmy grabs it and they shake as she says “I’m Caleigh.”

“I’ll be honest, I was gonna try to wait until you left,” Jimmy says as he continues washing his hands. “Oh my God dude, same!” Caleigh replied back. “But then you let loose and I couldn’t contain it,” Jimmy laughs. “Hey!” Caleigh shoots back slightly blushing, “I just was releasing a little pressure, you were the one who plopped first.” Now it was Jimmy’s turn to slightly blush. They continued talking as they dried their hands and walked out. Natalie just stood there, still pretending to be fixing her hair and smiled. “Imagine making your first friend in college because you shit together,” she thought with a laugh. Natalie walked to her room, unaware that tomorrow would involve that very communal bathroom and become an experience she’d never forget.

*023*2020-12-22 22:11

Natalie squinted as she woke up the next morning. The sun had crept through the blinds and landed right on her eyes, causing her to wake up earlier than she had intended. It was around 9am. She just rolled over and used her phone for a bit, scrolling Twitter and such. Her roommate, Payton, was also awake and scrolling on her phone. The two had talked for awhile yesterday and she seemed like a super nice girl. She was around 5”7, average weight and had curly brown hair that she wore a little past her shoulders. She had huge boobs and a firm butt; Natalie couldn’t lie she was a bit jealous of her figure.

The two girls laid there in their pajamas, which Natalie hated but she wasn’t comfortable enough around Payton to sleep naked or even in her underwear yet. Natalie was scrolling through her Instagram when all of the sudden she heard a *Ppppprrrrrrrrrrtttt* She glanced over at Payton who was simply facing the wall, not looking towards Natalie, but her butt was facing her. Then a putrid smell hit Natalie’s nose, it smelled like rotten eggs. Payton had definitely ripped one. Natalie had been holding in a fart since she woke up, she was going to wait until Payton left to use the bathroom to cut it, but hey if Payton was gonna do it. *phhffrrrtt* Natalie released the fart she had been holding in, it echoed around the quiet room. Natalie’s fart was louder and wetter sounding. Natalie did have to poop, she was just too lazy to go at first. But ripping that fart had made her bowels move a bit and if she didn’t go soon it wouldn’t be pretty.

She couldn’t lie, she wasn’t looking forward to doing this. She hated other people hearing her poop, but she knew she couldn’t hold it through all of college. She got out of bed and put on a green pair of flip-flops. She grabbed her ID card to get back in the room and walked out, leaving Payton to scroll through her phone. The door shut behind her and right as she was about to walk down the hallway to the bathroom she heard a loud fart rip inside the room. Natalie smiled, Payton had saved the big one for when her roommate had left. Riley walked over to the bathroom and pushed it open.

Inside the bathroom was a lot busier than it had been the night before. All the sinks were taken with various students, both boys and girls, doing their hair and brushing their teeth. She could faintly hear the showers around the corner, there were also 3 students lined up along the wall, caddies full of shampoo and other shower products, as they waited for a shower to open up. Then there was the toilet situation. Every stall was taken and each stall had at least one person in line as they waited for it to open. Around 7 of the 12 stalls had 2 people in line. Natalie hadn’t really thought about it but of course, everyone needed a toilet in the morning. Many of them for more “serious business”, which is unfortunately what Natalie needed. She scanned the situation to see which stall would be the best to line up for. Obviously any stall that had two people in line was out of the question.

That left 5 stalls she could line up for. The first one was the second stall. Inside that stall was a girl. Natalie could see she had jeans on, but they must’ve been only pulled down to her knees as you couldn’t see that they were down from the outside. The girl inside was Natalie’s RA Olivia. She was a girl with bright blonde hair, she had a pale face so her bright red lipstick stuck out. She wore her hair in a bun. She was on the taller side and was of average weight.

Olivia had woke up bursting to pee like she always does, but she didn’t want her residents to see her disheveled and like she just woke up, so she squirmed as she got her clothes on and danced in place as she put her hair up and grinded her thighs together as she put her makeup. She hurried into the bathroom and was now pissing a night’s worth of urine into the toilet. Being an RA this was her third year in the dorm, and she had no qualms about using these bathrooms. Outside of her door was a dude. He was a freshman who was around 6”. He had long curly black hair but not shoulder length. He was skinny and almost looked like a grown-up version of Finn Wolfhard. He had long plaid pajama pants on and a white shirt.

He was moving around a little bit and Natalie could tell he was holding his, uh member, through the pocket. His name was Garrett and he had actually fallen asleep needing a pee but was too tired to go at the time. He regretted it when he woke up as he was now desperate to go and walked into the bathroom to find all the stalls taken. Hearing Olivia peeing did not help his urge and he stood there hoping she would hurry before he leaked. The next stall available was the one right next to Olivia, and it had a guy using it. It was actually the other RA Mike. He, like Olivia, was peeing a long and hard stream into the toilet. He was happy when he had walked into the bathroom and found a stall open, he wasn’t usually a desperate dude but he needed a pee that morning for sure.

Mike was tall and had long blond hair, he looked like a skater dude which made sense seeing as he was one. Natalie could see that he was wearing bunny slippers on his feet. In line for Mike’s stall was a girl. Her name was Brittany and she was a short girl who had short bright blond hair that was a bob. She had bright blue eyes and she was in line with her legs tightly crossed. If she was in public you wouldn’t really notice but being in a bathroom you could tell it was an urgent pee need. She had on long flannel pajamas that matched the boy squirming next to her. Like him, hearing an RA release their night’s remains was doing a number on her. Brittany was an only child, so she wasn’t used to sharing a bathroom so she stayed in bed awhile letting her bladder fill, this had been a mistake. Still she had an image to maintain, so she tried to act like she was okay.

The next stall with only one in line was stall #6. Riley could see pink Nike’s underneath the door. Inside was Caleigh, the shy pooper from yesterday. Luckily this time she had only needed a pee and a small one at that, she had actually already done her pee earlier that morning. She woke up early to run every morning and was happy to find the bathroom empty. So this was just a light stream from some water she drank during the workout. The person waiting outside the bathroom was a girl and this girl had some urgent business.

She had to take a morning dump. Her name was Alina and she was around 5”6 and skinny. She had long dirty blond hair that went over her shoulders past her boobs and looked messy on account of her just waking up a few moments ago. She had chubby cheeks for a skinny girl and was very pale. She stood there, butt tightly clenched and breathing heavily. The new college food that she ate late the night before did not agree with her and a wet poop was making its presence known. Alina was wearing short pink PJ shorts and a pink PJ shirt with a puppy on it.

Alina had woken up and hurried to the bathroom only to find it full, she silently swore to herself and got in line, hoping the person in the stall she picked wasn’t having similar issues. The next stall available was next to Caleigh and it funnily enough had Jimmy, the shy pooper from last night. He was peeing a hard morning stream after just waking up a few moments ago. Natalie could see his black Adidas flip-flops he used for the bathroom. He and Caleigh had made small talk while they both waited for a stall, Jimmy slightly embarrassed as his urge was much more visible with some leg crossing. Outside of his stall was a guy named Jon.

Jon was around 5”11 and had curly shortish hair. He had tan skin and was a little on the muscular side but was still pretty skinny. He had on plaid pajama shorts and a basketball pajama shirt. And like the girl waiting next to him, he had to take a dump. He figured it was the college food as well, he was gassy all night and then he woke up with a load knocking on his backdoor. He got to the bathroom and swore under his breath as he got in line. His cheeks were squeezed tightly.

The last stall available was the one at the very end. Inside the stall was an Indian exchange student named Prisha. She was on the thicker side, being slightly heavier than average, she was on the taller side at around 5”7. She had straight black hair that went down to her lower back. She had a great butt and decent boobs to match. Prisha was wearing a hoodie and pink pajama shorts. Prisha was having the opposite pooping problem of the other students, instead of having diarrhea she was a bit clogged up.

She woke up feeling gassy and bloated, but she had a reputation for being a bit constipated. She sat on the toilet, occasionally blasting a dry fart into the bowl. Prisha had been used to using public bathrooms in India so she didn’t have many qualms about using a toilet in front of others. In line was her roommate, Saanvi, another Indian exchange student. She was short, pretty skinny, around 5”3, and wore her black hair in a ponytail. She had glasses on and had a typical nerdy look to herself. She had to pee a decent bit, but she was mostly there to talk Prisha and keep her company. Though she did hope she’d hurry up so she could have her morning pee.

Natalie assed the situation, she had an urgent need knocking on her door so she needed to pick one that wouldn’t take long. Prisha’s stall was obviously out, who knew how long she’d be there trying to drop her logs. The stall with the girl in line desperate to poop was obviously out. Same with the boy who needed a poo. That left two stalls: the one with the guy in line desperate to pee or the one with the girl desperate to pee. Natalie chose the girl, it would be less embarrassing squirming behind another girl. Natalie got behind the girl and the girl smiled at her while continuing to have her legs tightly crossed. She had also started to jiggle a bit. They heard Mike finish up his stream and it had turned into a small dribble.

Finally he flushed and opened the stall door. Brittany instantly tried to compose herself, she didn’t wanna look desperate in front of this guy as he walked out. She straightened up and smiled. Mike walked out and returned the girl’s smile. “Good morning!” he said to the girl happily. “Morning!” the girl replied back happily. Mike walked past her and Brittany hurried into the stall. Natalie heard her throw her butt onto the seat and heard urine come gushing out of the girl. She definitely had to pee bad. Natalie rubbed her thighs together a bit as even though poop was her main need, she needed to pee pretty bad as well. Olivia was still going strong in her stall, and Garrett was struggling. He was now dancing in place and he couldn’t lie; he had leaked a tiny bit when he heard Brittany's stream start gushing.

Finally Olivia finished up and wiped. She flushed and came out, she smiled at Garrett who quickly rushed past her and slammed the door shut. Natalie heard his pee hit the water super hard as the boy was obviously desperate. All of the sudden Natalie heard a fart rip through the bathroom. It wasn’t from a person on a toilet, but from someone in line. Alina’s blushing face gave away that it was her who had cut it. It was insanely wet sounding and Natalie wouldn’t be surprised if it was a shart.

Luckily for Alina it wasn’t one, but she had come dangerously close to messing herself. Just then Jon cut a juicy sounding fart as well, he continued looking at his phone with his cheeks tightly clenched. Natalie was impressed how unfazed he had acted. But Jon, on the inside, was freaking out. Like Alina that fart was a sign things were about to get bad, quickly. Just then, Jimmy finished peeing and flushed. He opened the stall and Jon waddled in, afraid that if he spread his cheeks at all he’d shit himself.

He quickly pulled his shorts down and exploded into the toilet, farts and poop shooting out of him. Alina started dancing in place, she needed a shit so badly and hearing that was torture. Just then. Caleigh started pulling paper. Alina danced in anticipation, buttcheeks still tightly clenched. The girl flushed and walked out. Alina bolted into the stall and slammed it shut. She quickly ripped down her shorts, as she did she ripped another wet sounding fart that echoed in the bathroom. She sat down and wet poop immediately exited her and splashed into the water below. Alina couldn’t help but moan as the poop and farts shot out of her. Next door, Jon broke and moaned a little as more liquid shit poured out of him as well. Both students blushed hard as they were embarrassed that this display was being heard by everyone in the room.

Just then a dry fart ripped from the stall of Prisha. Hearing all of this was torture for Natalie who still needed a poop quite badly. Just then a wet fart ripped out of Natalie, it had come so quickly that she had no time to hold it back. She blushed heavily as a few people turned their heads towards her. She squirmed in place a bit as Brittany continued to pee a hard stream into the bowl. Finally Natalie heard her stream start to die down. Natalie, despite being desperate, was still feeling a bit nervous. Even though Jon and Alina were blowing up the bathroom, she still felt a bit shy.

Finally Brittany flushed and exited the stall. She breathed a sigh of relief as she did. Natalie quickly entered the stall and shut the door. She pulled down her pajama pants and sat down. Next door, Garrett’s stream was finally dying down and had become just a few droplets hitting the water. He flushed and that gave Natalie enough noise to start her pee stream. Of course the noise was temporary and soon Natalie was blushing as her pee stream filled the air. Soon her stream died down but Natalie stayed seated.

Despite Jon and Alina blowing up their toilets a few stalls down, Natalie was still embarrassed about taking a dump in front of everyone. Finally her body forced a fart to shoot out, it was an airy one and it didn’t make much noise. This gave Natalie the confidence to start going, maybe it’d be a quiet one. She forced another fart out and this one echoed in the bowl. Or maybe it’d be a loud one. A log started to push it’s way down and it landed in the bowl with a loud plop noise. Natalie blushed as right after this log dropped another fart ripped out, this one wetter sounding. A second log began to emerge out of her butt. Just then, Natalie heard someone come rushing into the bathroom. They made a beeline for the stall next to Natalie, the one Garrett had finished using. Natalie saw the person sit down and pull her purple pajama pants to the floor.

The second the girl sat on the toilet, Natalie heard the girl explode into the toilet. Farts and diarrhea shot into the bowl, and Natalie heard the girl moan softly. Natalie’s log dropped into the toilet and a third smaller one quickly followed. The girl next door farted several loud and wet farts, the whole time she would grunt and moan. Obviously the college food had messed this chick up. Natalie farted a softer, airy fart and one small nugget fell into the bowl with a faint plop. She was done. She began to pull toilet paper, the whole time the girl next to her was still farting up a storm and releasing liquid shit into the bowl.

Natalie finished wiping up and flushed. Luckily it all went down, tho the skidmarks stayed. Natalie exited the stall and outside waiting was a cute guy. He was around 6”1 and had short blonde hair. He was decently skinny but had broad shoulders. Natalie instantly turned beat red when she locked eyes with the guy, she was embarrassed that this guy was about to use the toilet she just destroyed. She quickly brushed past him and went to the sinks.

She could see the guy’s stall in the mirror, she saw him pull down his sweatpants and sit down in the toilet. She smiled, relieved that the guy was going to do the same thing to that toilet that she just did. As she washed her hands she heard two airy farts shoot into the toilet that she had just used. “That poor toilet,” she thought. As Natalie walked out she could hear the girl with purple pajama pants continuing to push diarrhea, the cute guy had farted a wet fart and she could hear his first log hitting the water, Alina was still doing wet farts into her toilet, same with Jon, and Prisha had finally produced a log which dropped into the toilet with a loud *kerplunk* and a loud sigh afterwards.

Natalie went back to her room and unlocked it with her keycard. Instantly she was hit with a repulsive smell. She noticed that Payton was gone. Payton must’ve been ripping farts the whole time Natalie was gone and then finally gone for a shit. She laid down on her bed and scrolled through Twitter and other social media apps on her phone. After about 15 mins, Payton walked back into the room. “What’s up.” She said and nodded at Natalie. Natalie looked up and replied with a “Sup.” But then Natalie did a double take, Payton had purple pajama pants. She was the one who had blown up the stall next to her. Natalie just smiled.

