Life On Tatooine: A Star Wars Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-10-08 21:36

Storyline: After the fall of the First Order, Jedi Knight Rey decided to go live where her master was born to honour her fallen master Luke Skywalker and also to get away from Jakku. Rey hated Jakku because it was the hottest desert planet in the whole star system and also that she was not privileged to own a proper house. Anyway Rey arrived yesterday on Tatooine, she was living in the exact same house Luke stayed in with his Aunt and Uncle, to her this was the start of new day and the struggles to fit in with society.

Story begins: On a hot and dry summers day on Tatooine, Rey lay asleep in one of the beds in the house. Currently it was very early in the morning when she woke up. She walked over to the bathroom fully nude and went to sit on the toilet to complete her morning pee, Rey loved to hold her pee in for quite a long time and quite enjoyed the aftermath if you couldn’t hold anymore in. She sighed as the pee she held in from last night disintegrated, after she was done she washed her hands and went back to sleep, she woke up later and figured she should try the famous Mos Eisley Cantina.

She wanted to explore the city today, but that means she must be back here just before 6:00 because of her work shift was later than the other days. Rey worked with the Jawas to scavenge the deserts of Tatooine, her life here was slightly reminiscent of her life on Jakku. She recently bought a speeder bike to transport her around her new found home. Before leaving she ate breakfast and drank massive amounts of water before leaving to go on her adventure, she got on her speeder bike and drove all the way to Mos Eisley, which was quite long.

As she was getting closer to her destination she started to feel a familiar feeling coming on and knew exactly that she was getting desperate to pee, she put that in the back of her mind and focused on getting herself to the spaceport. When she arrived she really was getting so desperate, but again she ignored it and proceeded to walk through Mos Eisley. She looked around town and saw there was heaps of public bathrooms around and actually had a lot more public toilets than Jakku.

The lifestyle of Jakku really suited her as an adult because of her fetish to wet herself on purpose seemed such an easy task because there was only one public bathroom in the city there and there always will be queues and this shaped her mind to dislike using public restrooms because of the queues and the very thought of not even making it in-time. By now she’s getting very desperate to go, while roaming the streets and Rey runs into the nearest public restroom she could get in and decided to make the kill. She had a lot of trouble removing her robes off and felt jets of pee run down her legs while doing so and just got it off in time.

Now she had to take her panties off and at the same time she could not stop thinking of sweet relief and actually felt larger squirts of pee land in her red panties. She quickly sat down and it happened! A hot golden stream ascended from her body and felt as warm as the sun on this planet. She moaned silently as her body let it all out, this already was much better than the time she drank too much water on Jakku doing scavenger work and came back and had to hold it while she got money for giving it in to Unkar and he spent a long time trying to find the money, but eventually he did and Rey just was able to make it from Unkar’s and back home just in time.

By the time she was finished she went to the cantina to try it out, she was amazed as how accurate Luke’s depiction of this place was as actually 100% true and she couldn’t believe that. She walked over to the bar and ordered a Tatooine native drink known as Ardees (also known as Jawa Juice), Rey enjoyed it and asked for more and kept asking and kept asking, she really liked it. As soon as she finished the last one she really needed to pee, but she kept it going for a while until she fell asleep, she woke up and actually was asleep for a whole hour and one thing she noticed was that she really really really needed to pee, but it was too late!

Rey started to pee, she stared at her crotch area on her white Jedi robe become yellow and couldn’t believe it that she drank 21 Ardees, she was so embarrassed with herself and she wanted to tell the barman that she had an accident. When she got his attention she spoke “I’m awfully sorry, but I had an accident.” Rey said, shivering in fear. “Oh! That’s ok, everyone that comes in does this it’s just a normal thing to do.” Rey was completely astound by this, if she went to a bar on Jakku and accidentally got so drunk that you pissed yourself the bar tender would be furious and maybe kick you out, but here it’s pretty lax.

To Be Continued...

