2021 Authorian Fiction

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2021-02-04 23:46

Here's a thread for stuff I write in 2021, since 2020 is long gone. Usually for bribes, commissions, or gifts.

Read at your own peril.

=====

[This one is a commission from the site admin, @Kyuu

]

‘Just one more hour…’

It had been a terrible day at work, for poor Blair. Seven people called in, the neighboring stores closed down, and their shift was too short to get a prolonged lunch break.

Not to mention it was below freezing outside, and the work uniform rejected any form of outerwear over the company sanctioned blazer and shirt… With tight, form-fitting khakis hugging every inch of Blair’s slender body.

‘One more hour, and I can finally…’

“I’m here, Blair.” a voice called, prompting a turn, a pout, and a frown from the worker.

“You’re here an Hour early, Shu.” Blair snapped, turning back towards the register. “It’s been hell today. There’s no help, there’s so many people, and...and..”

“It’s okay, calm down.” Shu answered, pacing over and giving Blair a gentle shoulder rub. “I love your hair today.”

Blair turned back with a half-smirk, running their hands through their wavy brown hair, and twirling their ponytail.

“Figured I should put it up today.” Blair answered, hopping from foot to foot. “But you gotta get out of here, or my Boss’ll flip. I can’t have anyone standing by my register chatting with me.”

“Something wrong, sweetie?” Shu called, before getting pushed away by the slender brunette.

“No, and if you don’t want to get bullied all the way back home, you’ll drop it.” Blair snapped, moving back to the register. “I haven’t been waiting for hours to get my break or anything. Keep it in your pants.”

A grin crossed Shu’s face, as he backed off from the bouncing worker, and decided to pay a visit to the in-store food joint…. Glancing over at the brunette as they worked….

Blair wasn’t much smaller than him in general, but Shu always considered himself the submissive one in their relationship. Blair was always barking orders, issuing commands, and bossing him around…..

So, Shu was definitely enjoying seeing Blair on the backfoot. Every few customers, Shu could see Blair crossing one leg over another, and bending slightly over the register.

“Mmm….No breaks, eh?” Shu called, as he placed his order…. Getting a large drink, and a sandwich. “Sounds like it’s time to have a little fun..”

Shu settled into a spot to eat his dinner as he watched Blair slowly start shifting and wriggling from afar, making sure to duck down when their gaze turned towards him.

‘Mmm… Blair looks so fun writhing around like that.’ Shu thought, feeling himself tense up. ‘I wonder how long it really has been..’

Blair had called him earlier to get a ride home from work due to the temperature, but Shu hadn’t expected to get a show with his taxi service. Normally, he just charged gas money when Blair got uppity, but this time….

‘I’ll enjoy this a bit more..’ he thought, glancing at the clock nearby. ‘Just forty five minutes Blair… Can you make it that long?’

It was another ten minutes before Shu finished his food, and the lines hadn’t quelled even a bit. A few workers had come to Blair’s aid, but they apparently couldn’t help with the staffing issues, as none of them seemed to stay for long. Shu decided to detour around some of the lanes so he could appreciate Blair from different angles….

One from the side, where he could see Blair shifting their hips back and forth… From the front, catching a firm glare, and a tensed scowl….He could have sworn Blair was biting their lip to try and get their mind off of the pressure, before Shu went behind the register and stared at Blair’s firm, tensed bottom through the khakis.

They weren’t a very flattering pair of pants, but Shu could still watch Blair wriggle back and forth, lowering a hand between their legs as time slowly, and steadily crept by.

“Nnnngh...F...fffffuck…” Blair groaned, starting to gently squeeze and rub at themself. “Fuck..how can we not have anyone until closing..”

Shu could feel his pants getting tighter as he listened to Blair pant and groan…. Watching as they rocked back and forth between customers…. Rubbing, and squeezing roughly.

There was only twenty minutes left… It was time for Shu to make his move.

A quick trip around the store, and lightly palming the drink from the restaurant, Shu eventually approached the lane of his love, grinning as Blair sneered.

“What do you need?” Blair hissed through clenched teeth, as Shu lifted his basket.

“Oh, just a few things..” He called. “Some Lemonade… A water hose… A Sprinkler.. And, these..”

Shu set a box of adult diapers on the counter, and Blair’s face went even colder than before, leering.

“Don’t even fucking think about it..” Blair snapped, a bright red appearing on their cheeks, as Shu gave a smug look back.

“Well, I think someone might need it.” He called, pulling the straw to his lips and slurping up the remnants of his soda, and rattled the ice.

“Agggh…F..Fuck..” Blair snapped, their whole body shaking in a full body quiver. “Fuck..Fuck..Don’t..don’t you…”

Shu could feel himself getting harder as he watched Blair bend completely at the knees and grab their crotch with both hands, groaning loudly and swearing softly.

“Problem?” Shu teased lightly. “Just ten more minutes, and you can…”

“Ssshhh…”

“I’m just teasing you.” Shu started. “It’s not like..”

Ssshhh..Ssssshhh..Shhhhhhsssshhhhhh

Shu’s eyes went wide as he stared at Blair’s figure, watching as the brunette quivered involuntarily, and a dark stain could be seen trickling down their inner thighs. Shu could feel his mouth go agape as an aggressive spray of desperate need forced it’s way through clenched hands, and strained muscles.

“Aaaaaahhhnnn.. Haaaaaaahhhhnnn…” Blair could only groan, face burning bright red, and eyes beginning to well up with tears. Shu felt his pants getting even tighter as he turned to look at several people walking his way, as he waved his arms away.

“This line’s closed!” He called, flicking off Blair’s light. “They’ve uh.. Gotta close! Scheduling, and..”

“Shu…” Blair uttered out softly. “I’m….going to the bathroom..”

“Ah… Yeah, yeah sur-” Shu started, before feeling himself being dragged along with Blair, who yelled something borderline coherent at what Shu could only presume was Blair’s replacement…..

As someone radioed for a cleaning lady, Shu felt himself being pulled into the family bathroom, unable to even sputter out a witty remark as Blair shut and locked the door.

“I...uh, I don’t have to go though..” Shu eventually remarked, as Blair suddenly pushed him against the wall with an aggressive kiss, running their hands around his neck.

“You’re a fucking asshole..” Blair groaned, as Shu felt hands sliding down his back. “Not content to just watch, but coming up to me and making me……”

“All you had to do was hold it.” Shu fired back with a smug grin. “Not my fault you couldn’t do that..”

Blair cut him another glare, before kneeling down and unfastening his belt, pulling out his tensed excitement and running their fingers over it.

“Of course you’re hard over this…” Blair snapped, as Shu felt the warm wetness of a tongue over his most sensitive part. “You’re such a creep, getting off to me pissing myself..”

“Mmmthh… Well, you know me..” Shu moaned, as he glanced downward. “You know, I’d really like it if you could show me...you know...”

“Hmmmthh…” Blair groaned into his cock’s head, running a hand down their own shirt. Truthfully, Shu had asked Blair about this kind of thing before, but he was constantly rebuffed on the advances. It was too weird, the cleanup was a bitch, it felt wrong, etc.

Once in a blue moon, he could get Blair to wait for a bit to go to the bathroom, but having witnessed an accident like this…

He wanted to be able to burn the image into his head for ages to come, as Blair’s hand went over the wet crotch of their khakis. Shu groaned softly as Blair pulled back off of his cock for a moment.

“Fine…. Just this once…” Blair called in the same curt, cold tone… Before unbuttoning the soaked pants, and pulling them down. Shu felt his cock practically spring up in excitement as he saw Blair’s tight blue boyshorts…Positively soaked from the top of the waistband, to the bottom, as even he could see Blair’s excitement attempting to free itself from their underwear.

“Still can’t believe you get off to this..” Blair quipped between breaths, constantly taking Shu’s member into their mouth and backing down… Wrapping his excitement in warm wetness for scant few moments at a time, and teasing it with a few tongue lashes under the base of the head. Shu could feel himself getting closer with every session, and every time Blair took him deeper and deeper into their mouth…..

Shu could feel his excitement twitching as Blair pulled off him once again, and groaned out another comment that made him practically jump in excitement.

“And I’ve got to walk out like this..” Blair snapped. “Everyone’s gonna see I...I wet myself.”

Shu barely had any time to internally process the thought, before Blair took him into their mouth one last time, Blair’s lips brushing up against his hips as he felt the telltale signs of release….

The building pressure, the relentless advance, and the pulsing of his cock. One of his hands pulled on Blair’s ponytail to signal he was about to spray, though what happened next took him by surprise…

The first sputter of release went into Blair’s mouth, but quickly his cock had left the brunette’s mouth still firing, as he then sprayed over Blair’s face…. And with a quick movement of the hands, he felt his cock pressed against his waist as it sprayed one last time….

All over his shirt, leaving an uncomfortably warm, wet, white mess on him.

“Agh...Blair you bitch..” He snapped, looking down at his shirt. “How dare you…”

“Serves you right.” Blair called, standing back up and buttoning their pants. “If i gotta walk out with wet pants, you have to walk out with a cummy shirt.”

Shu frowned, not amused as the brunette washed their face…. But, before he could protest any more, he felt Blair press against him… The pissed pants now long cold, but a certain something pressing against him warm and throbbing.

“I’m not done with you, either.” Blair whispered, theirself. “You’ll really get it when we get home.”

Shu shivered slightly, and mentally prepared himself to walk out into the store. (And hopefully, escape without being seen by anyone he knew).

He had certainly won a battle here, getting to see Blair finally dip into the world of omo, but he had a feeling he had a ways to go for the war on their romance.

“Heh...Bring it on, dear.”

*002*2021-02-14 19:09

And here's a new commission, a continuation/finale of an old classic...

====

“This is it, everybody! The finale of Saril’s Special Show!” A curvy, sensual woman in a business suit started. “Hold it! Omo-Idol!”

The woman flourished her arms, beckoning over the screen, as she twirled around.

“With us today, we have our lovely trio of contestants who struggled, strained, shifted and squirmed their way to the ends of this agonizingly long class…”

She gestured over to a trio of girls, the camera zooming in on each one in turn from top to bottom.

“First up, Maya Kamizono! Whose slender frame, and shy demeanor are keeping her from holding up her hand and asking.” Saril started, gesturing at a petite girl with short, black hair with a slender frame, a white school uniform top, and a blue sailor skirt….With the only eccentricity being the mask on the side of her head, looking like an Oni spirit.

“Umm…” she starts quietly, as Saril completely takes over.

“Next up, Winona! She’s a little teapot, short and stout. When she gets all steamed up, hear her shout.’Oh my lord it’s com~ ing~ out~!’”

“That’s not how the song goes..” the girl called, resting her hand on a face. She was another slender woman, with long teal hair and a gentle smile. Her dress draped over her whole body, showing the gentle curves of a refined, dignified lady..

“And lastly..” Saril called, panning the camera over. “Miss prim and Proper… The most Dignified of them all: Emily Cole! Whose piddle habits are not to be discussed, no matter how frequent they may be….”

“That is NOT true.” she quickly protested, her long, raven-shaded hair turning with a sharp glare to their devious hostess. “I am a perfect lady, who only goes to the washroom when it’s necessary.”

Her blue checkered dress draped over her, and a cute blue ribbon held her hair in place enough to keep it from going every which way on the outside. Saril chuckled, and twirled her finger.

“Yeah, sure.” She mused. “Anyways, I’m sure you’re all dying to figure out what the Finale of Omo-Idol’s challenge will be.”

There were several murmurs of agreement and nods, as Saril gestured out with the camera.

“Well, the final challenge of Omo-Idol…” Saril started, as the camera panned out to show that they were out on a large track-and-field style course. “Is to ‘Get Fit!’”

The girls paused for a few moments to gawk at the area on screen, as the brilliant sun shone down with it’s warming rays…. And quickly started to grow to an uncomfortable level.

“Today will be a three course challenge.” Saril started, clapping her hands. “You’ll be doing the hundred meter sprint, the triple jump, and lastly, the Shot put! Whoever wins the most out of the three will be considered the winner of my Show, and our first Omo-Idol!”

Winona and Emily looked at Maya, who had been a surprisingly fit character in the past events with a little worry, as she quickly turned to Saril.

“So...what’s the catch this time?” She asked, as Saril turned.

“Hm…? What do you mean ‘catch’?” She asked. “I have you three slender girls here, and i’m going to make you get all hot and sweaty. What more do I need?”

“Ah…” Maya started, as Saril snapped her fingers.

“Oh, if you insist.” She mused, as the table near them was suddenly adorned with gym uniforms. A white, nearly transparent shirt, and tight shorts that would hug their butt and hips firmly.

“Shouldn’t have said anything…” Maya remarked gloomily, as Saril clapped her hands.

“Now, get changed, and meet up here in ten! We’ve got a show to run!” Saril commanded, as the girls all picked up their outfits and glanced around.

“Surely you don’t expect us to..” Emily started, as Saril raised a finger. “.....Right..”

She shouldn’t have expected Saril to give them any privacy, or Modesty after having gotten this far in the show. There were definite highs, and prominent lows, all sorts of angles, positions, and incidents that still sent a flush to their faces upon recollection….

So, changing out in the open summer’s air into some positively fetishistic gym uniform seemed delightfully mundane by Saril’s standards.

“Not like there’s any shame with just us girls.” Winona called as she started to pull off her dress, showing a pair of lovely teal undergarments that matched her hair.

“I..I mean, yeah… Not like we haven’t seen before..” Maya added quietly, even as she took off her uniform top, and started to slide off her skirt, leaving a small white bra, and flowery, white panties.

“Well, I’m not going to let her have her way..!” Emily snapped, even if she was already starting to change too… Showing off a bright orange pair of panties, yet a complete lack of a bra.

Soon enough, the girls were all adorned in their gym uniforms, and starting to already feel the heat, wiping the sweat from their brows.

“Oh, don’t you all look lovely.” Saril mused. “Now, everyone get in position. We’re about to start the first leg of our final three events! The 100 meter sprint! This is an event all about being fast! Just run from one part to the other as fast as you can! And don’t worry, there’ll be more than one run, to avoid any potential contention over who actually won,unlike those pesky official races. Any questions?”

“Yes, My lady..” Winona called, pulling out her shirt a little. “Do you.. Have anything for us to drink? It’s dreadfully hot outside…”

Saril gave a wicked smirk for a second, before grinning.

“Ah yes, of course..” She called. “We have some refreshments for you! Ice cold, and ready to refresh! Just say the word.”

“Please.” Winona called, as a tray of athletic bottles was brought forth, each marked with the girl’s names. Winona quickly took hers and began to partake, while Maya and Emily eyed it warily.

“What’s in the bottle..?” Emily called as Winona continued to drink heavily, clearly feeling the heat.

“Oh, just a special drink cooked up by our assistants..” Saril called. “Something about having the perfect hydration levels? Regardless of how much you drink, it’ll give you all enough energy to keep at it without sweltering in this heat. Have to keep a level playing field, after all..”

“I’ll pass..” Emily started, as Maya handed hers back.

“Yeah… I’m good for now..” She called, as Saril chuckled.

“Very well…” She stated, as Winona passed hers back too. “Everyone, take your positions! We’ll start the race on my mark!”

The girls all moved over to the track, as Maya bent down with her hands propping her up. Judging her to be more adept with athletics, the girls quickly followed suit, as Saril held up a conjured gun.

“In three..! Two…! One…!”

BANG!

The girls all took off in a sprint at this case, running as fast they could push their svelte bodies. As they expected, Maya had taken off faster than the other two, but Winona was steadily catching up. Emily scowled as she tried to push herself harder, and run faster….But, in a matter of moments…

“And… It looks like Winona takes the first sprint!” Saril called out, as the teal haired girl jumped a bit for joy.

“Phew… I could use another drink..” She called, as the tray was brought out again, and she started to partake.

“I...I could use one now too..” Maya added, slumping over before the bottle was passed to her, and she started to drink from it. Tentatively at first, but short sips gave way to quick, greedy gulps… as Emily crossed the finish line.

“I….I...Same..” She called out quietly, feeling her face burn with shame at having lost the first race…. And, with the prolonged heat. When she was presented with the bottle, she started to drink heavily from it as well, feeling her whole body energize itself….

The sweltering heat seemed to phase right out of her, and she could feel her exhaustion slipping away. Her eyes blinked a few times, and she could feel the cramps in her muscles subsiding immediately. It wasn’t just a refreshment, it was likely a treatment of some kind!

“Are you girls ready for round two?” Saril called, as the trio turned and nodded.

“Mmm!” they all called, refreshed, and raring to go.

Emily took her position at the starting line, followed by Maya and Winona. There was another pause, another conjured gun, and…

BANG!

The three were off again, but this time it went wildly different. Maya’s quick sprint seemed to last much longer than before, Winona and Emily still being behind by about four seconds worth each, as the surprisingly fit girl crossed the finish line with space to spare….

“Whew..! Just needed The energy!” Maya called with a bright smile, as Emily was able to keep pace with Winona this time….

“Oh… Definitely need some more after that..” Winona called, starting to partake of the beverage again, as Emily gripped her hands into a fist, and took the drink again.

‘I will not lose after coming this far…!’ she thought, as the drink passed through her, and helped her feel at ease again. ‘Even if I can’t outrun Maya, I will at least outpace Winona.’

The trio was at the starting point again, and Saril conjured another gun….

BANG!

Maya took off like a rocket again, but Emily refused to be outpaced by Winona this time. She pushed her body to it’s absolute limits, running with every fiber of her being as Winona kept a narrow lead…..

Yet, as Maya crossed the finish line and celebrated her victory… Winona’s pace suddenly shifted.

“Ah…!” She gasped out, but Emily wasn’t paying attention.

She passed Winona up in a flash, and took a healthy (If still annoying) Second place!

“Well, I’d love to make you all run some more, but it’s clear who the winner was.” Saril mused, tapping a conjured screen, which showed all three of the girls from behind at the starting spot… The camera focused to show off their gym-shorts clad butts….And, every so often, up the loose gym shirts. Emily lit up as she saw a quick flash from her chest, but Saril didn’t seem like she wanted to point it out… As the results on screen spoke for Maya’s clear superiority in sprinting.

“So, we’ll be moving onto the next round! The triple jump!”

“I...see..” Winona called, as Maya beamed.

“Sorry, but I’ve trained for a while.” Maya called. “My dashing speed is unmatched!”

“Hm..? Ah, yes...We’ll see how the rest of this goes.” Winona called out quietly, as Emily clenched her first.

‘I must win… I WILL win..’ she told herself, as the girls all moved to where Saril was standing, along a single-line track, and a sand pit with markers.

“It’s time for the second challenge of get fit! The Triple Jump!” Saril called, with a flourish of her hands. “The girls will have to make a little sprint up the path, then at the line… They’ll do a hop, a skip, and a Jump!”

The Hostess made each motion in turn, her ample bosom bouncing with each movement.

“And try to make it as far as they can! Don’t worry, this sand isn’t rough, or coarse.. And it won’t get in anywhere.”

The attendant rolled his eyes, as Saril turned to the girls.

“Now then..” She started. “Who’d like to try first?”

“I’ll do it..!” Emily called out before the others could, as she had to make up for her previous showing in the sprint…

“You just need to make your final jump before this line.” Saril called, moving a distance, and pointing. “If you cross it, your run won’t count. Understood?”

“Yes…” She started, as Saril grinned.

“Very well then…”

Emily tensed her legs once more, and braced herself.

“In Three...Two...One..”

BANG!

Emily knew she wasn’t quite built for these activities, but she wouldn’t give in just because of a disadvantage! She ran as fast as she could, gauging the distance to the end.

“A hop..” She started, about two thirds of the way there. “A Skip..”

She looked down at the line as her foot planted in front of it, an embarrassing margin for an athlete, but it was clearly within the line.

“And a Jump!”

She pushed off as hard as she could, and threw herself with reckless abandon towards the sand. As she fell into the sand, it was…

Surprisingly, cool. It didn’t seep into her outfit, nor did it grate on her skin.. It was almost like she’d fallen into a cool pillow, as a bar popped out from where her bottom hid the material…

“Two point three Meters!” Saril called out, as she winced…

She had moved a distance,yes… But, she had a sneaking suspicion that wasn’t a very good jump. As she was pushing herself up however…

Pang!

A sudden surge of need quickly hit her body, as she scrunched herself up, looking at the other girls. Winona had crossed one leg over another, and was holding her waist…

While Maya was bouncing in place, with her knees bent lightly inward….

“Ah yes… “ Saril mused to herself. “Now the real show starts.”

Emily started over to the girls at this, trying not to let the need show as she walked, foot-by-foot, with her legs clamped together…

“Next up, Winona!” Saril called, as the teal haired girl gave a light flush.

“I...Erm.. Okay….” She stated, as she slowly pulled her hand from her shorts. Emily could see her lower half tensing up, and watched her clench her hands…. As she began to run…

“A h...Ah..” Winona called, stumbling from where she wanted to take the first jump, forced to take the second ‘jump’ a short bit away, and a jump from way before the marked line….

A soft whumpf, a bright red blush, and a flustered face later..

“One point two meters!” Saril called. “Oooh, tough break…”

Winona took longer to stand up than Emily had, both of her hands moving to squeeze at the front of her shorts in growing need… As Emily crossed her legs over a bit tighter…

“Perhaps I...Drank too much..” Winona called out quietly as she finally made it to her feet, starting over to the trio with a much more prominent display of her posterior on the camera, as she stuck it out.

“Next up, Maya!” Saril called out, the short haired girl flinching.

“Ah…! Ah, yes..!” She started, as she braced herself. Emily could see her body quivering as well when she braced for the run, the girl wiggling her hips a little too much, before the signal came out.

BANG!

Like with the sprint, Maya had excellent form, and speed. Emily could feel her heart sinking as the girl started her jumps, looking like she knew exactly where to go.

“Hop….Skip...An..And Jump.!” Maya called to herself, soaring a good distance past the raven haired girl’s mark in the sand, and landing with a soft Whumpf…

It was over… She had lost, because of the girl’s athletic prowess. Oh, if only…..

“No good!” Saril called out, the sign flicking up a big X, despite her over four meter leap.

“Awah?! Why not?” Maya called out, giving a telltale shiver as her hands buried in her crotch once more… And Saril gestured to a monitor.

“You had a little slip up at the end there..” She called, gesturing to the camera… Where Maya was telling herself to jump, her foot had pushed her off in a slight angle… And her foot crossed over the line, disqualifying her amazing jump. “So, unfortunately for you, this round goes to Emily!”

Emily felt herself well up with pride, as Winona glanced to Saril.

“Wait… only one round?” she asked, as Saril twirled her fingers.

“Well, not a lot of eye candy when the bouncers aren’t very..Bouncy.” She started, running her hands over her own, ample chest. “Besides, do you really want to be bouncing and crashing that cute little bum into the ground over and over again? I shouldn’t have to remind you, but soaking yourself in the middle of a challenge is grounds for...”

“In..instant disqualification..” Emily called out, with a visible shudder, and a flush recollection. Yes, until the challenge was over, you shouldn’t dare pee. Unless the challenge called for it, an accident was completely out of the question for anyone hoping to win. She’d been screwed by that rule in the past, and wasn’t going to flub it up at the finale…

“Good, you remembered.” Saril mused. “Now, let’s move onto our final Event! The Shot Put!”

The girls all nodded and scuttled along… Maya beginning to hop in place and whimper softly, as Winona went very silent… Tenderly rubbing herself, and trying to hold herself without looking too troubled…

Emily herself was feeling the incessant, maddening panging urge starting to build up, and as the group made it’s way to the arena, Saril seemed positively giddy at the sight of their growing agony.

“Mmm.. So, this last one is easy.” She called, picking up a metal ball. “You’ll be spinning around, and tossing this thing as far as you can. We’ll do up to three tosses, if you’re all still dry by then.”

“O..Okay..” Maya called, as Winona nodded… And Emily grit her teeth.

“G..Got it..”

“Now Maya, why don’t you start us off?” Saril mused. “Give us a goal to shoot for.”

“Ah?! O..Okay..” Maya called, moving to grab the ball…

And nearly stumbling straight to the ground. She had to grasp it with both hands, and shakily stood herself up with it.

“Oh yeah, it’s quite heavy..” Saril added after, with a smug look. “You may need to use both hands for it. Hope you don’t need them for anything else~”

Emily slightly swore under her breath at this, as Maya whimpered, and moved to the starting spot. Saril grinned, a myriad of markers showing up in a cone before the girl, who started to spin around to gain some momentum.

“Feel free to let go when you’re ready.” Saril called, as the short haired girl spun.. Spun.. Spun...And then…..

“Hyyyyaaa….! EEP!”

Maya’s spin had left her facing the group, and flinging the ball towards their hostess. Saril caught it easily with one hand, as she tut tutted.

“That’s a bad sign.” She mused, as Maya’s hands went back to her shorts. “Next up, Emily!”

The proud, and confident girl moved to grab the ball from Saril, with both hands, as her legs twisted up in small knots to keep from losing even a drop. She felt her body nearly collapse under the weight of the put, as she moved forward on shaky, trembling legs.

“When you’re ready!” Saril called, as Emily bit her lip, and thought…

She had to spin around like Maya had, and let go… Just let go… Just Let go…

Ssssh

‘DON’T LET GO LIKE THAT!’ she thought, actually dropping the put right in front of her feet, as her hands dipped to her shorts for the first time proper… And a whistle could be heard.

“And, that’s also a Foul.” Saril called, gesturing. “Winona, if you please.”

She had let herself lose a single drop (Or at least, what felt like it.).....She had to really be careful with how she phrased things to herself from here. A leak was often the herald to a complete cessation of control… An utter, agonizing failure of the bladder…

She knew all too well that if she let herself give way to these small losses, her body would soon comply with a complete declaration of war….A war she could not win.

‘I have to focus..’ she thought. ‘But… How can I win this..? How can I lift that ball when..’

“Ahhhh… Haaahhh…!”

She was yanked out of her train of thought by Winona stumbling to her knees from grabbing the ball….

Ssssssshhh.. Sshshhhhhhhhh..psssssshhhhh

And a significant…. No, a complete explosion of pent up piddle soon started to flow out of the woman as she bent at the knees…. The sound feeling like someone was twisting a knife in Emily’s lower belly…

“Aahhhhhhh...Ohhhh… Ohhhh gosh..”

As Winona’s face melted with the telltale signs of relief.. A flushed face, a slack jjaw, and a smile that went from ear to ear. Even as Saril’s whistle blew, and the girl fell down into the puddle of her own shame, Emily couldn’t help but wonder if Winona was the real winner there..

“Well, looks like it’s down to two.” Saril called, with a chuckle. “But, perhaps we should make a..different sort of thing our last challenge. This one seems to be a bit… Unbalanced.”

The attendant gave Saril a dirty look, as she turned to Emily and Maya.

“So, what say we finish this with a classic?” Saril mused. “A good old fashioned Holding contest! Last girl to pee, wins. No tricks, no more exercise, no more drinking.. Just one bladder against the other.

“I..I’ll accept!” Emily nearly shouted out, as Maya gave a small, meek nod.

“Y..Yeah.. s..sure..”

“Perfect!” Saril cooed. “Then, let’s get the weather calmed.”

The air around them suddenly grew to a manageable, less hot, and humid level.

“The cameras set..”

A camera could be seen zooming in on the girls faces, their crotches, and their bottoms.

“And let’s wait and see what happens.”

This was it… The finale of Omo-Idol. The purest, and simplest of challenges to overcome…

Outlast the other girl’s bladder to win. Emily could repeat the words ‘Hold it.’ in her head ad nauseum, but it wouldn’t make the other girl any more desperate.

Had they been fiercer rivals, or perhaps even enemies, the girls might have tried to trash talk one another… Tempting them with remarks of rivers, floods, leaks, and the like…

But, by this stage of the game, the girls had a sort of mutual respect, and admiration for one another. Emily couldn’t rightfully say she believed she’d be facing Maya in the finals… But, here they were now.

‘Only, I’m at the disadvantage..’ Emily thought. ‘I leaked a little…. I can’t let any more go..!’

She had long since dashed out the shame of holding herself, deeming it a necessary evil to win the contest at it’s last stages….Bouncing from foot to foot, and kneading her pressured puddle producing parts with steady, shaky precision…

“Ahhhnn.. Ahhh..” Maya whimpered, rocking her hips back and forth as she held. Emily glanced at the girl with a worried look… Pondering for a scant few moments that she might lose…

…

‘No…! I won’t lose! Not after it’s come this far…!’ she thought to herself, as she steeled her muscles, and fought back the tides of desperation for just a bit longer…

Just a… Bit longer…

….

Thirty minutes passed, and both girls were still holding on… Maya scrunching up her face and bending slightly at the knees…..

While Emily stood tall and proud… Despite biting her lips, and borderline attempting to plug herself up with her fingers…..

It was like a crazy spell… A maddening mantra, inside of the girl’s head…

‘Hold it just a bit longer… Hold it a bit longer… Hold it longer… Hold it.. Hold it..!’

While her opponent slowly started to kneel into a squat, rubbing at herself tenderly, and whimpering…..

Emily was trying to stay still… Trying to stay firm… Trying to will herself to keep in control as the moments ticked on….Every single one feeling like it would be her last..

“Ahh.. Ahhh. Ahhh..!” Maya started crying out, as she shifted and squirmed from her squatting position. “I...I..I can’t… I just can’t do it…!”

Emily forced a smile of confidence as she stood.. Raising her head up to glance at the skies..

Ssssh..Sssh..

“Aaaahhh.. Haaaahhhaaahhh..”

As Maya’s slender body finally started to cave in, and she pulled her shorts aside. The girl’s tender, tinkle-troubled twatty was on display for a few scant moments...

SSSSSSSHHHHHHH..SSSSSSSSHHHHH

As Maya’s bladder finally ceased it’s halting commands, and gushed out her long held shame and need…. Forming an almost laser-like river of recycled waters out of Maya’s personal faucet. It was the sound of victory… Of another defeated rival’s shame… Of her now growing, positively swelling pride….

“And the winner is….! Emilyyyyyy Cooooollle!” Saril’s voice called out, as the girl smiled broady.

‘I….I did it..!’

She could feel warmth welling up inside of her, already threatening to force it’s way out the same way her waters were conspiring to do.

“So Miss Emily, Do you have anything to say about your victory?” o, Saril called with an imaginary mic, holding it out to her.

“A...A….”

“Hm? I’m sorry, we didn’t catch that..” Saril called, as the camera suddenly pulled back over Emily’s body.

“Ahhh.. Haaaahaaaaaaahhhaaahmmmmmmggghaaaah..!”

SSSSSSSSSHSSSSSSSHSHHHHHHHSHSHHHH

The warmth was no longer merely figurative, as Emily’s dam finally burst…. An absolute spray of piss gushing past her clenched, gripping hands… Spreading over the entire front end of her shorts, creeping up her back end, and even splashing onto her shirt.

“Mmggghaaaahahahnnnn! Feels...So..Good…” She could barely force out, as her most shameful, and embarrassing habit came to light… How she was an absolutely loud pisser, in more ways than once.

“Aahhnnnnn..Nnnghaaaaa...aahnnaahhaahhh..”

She couldn’t help it.. She couldn’t stifle it…. She couldn’t control it anymore. She always had a bad time of groaning from sheer relief whenever she finally could release her bladder in any meaningful way….

But with both hands having been on holding duty, and this feeling like the biggest piss she’d ever had in her life, Emily could only sit back (Or in this case, stand on the wobbliest, wettest legs on set), and let nature take it’s course.

“Ahhhhnnnghh.. Mmmmmmthhh..Mmmmmm!!!”

She felt amazing.. It felt so impossibly good to finally finish the contests.. To finally win the game she’d been competing on for weeks… to finally get to piss once again… And to have her pride and confidence in her victory to be well earned, and justified…

“Mmmmghh.. Mmmmm..”

Though, as soon as she could stop spraying all down her legs… As soon as she got down from the high of letting loose an absolute lake of her own creation… As soon as the warm, gushing waters would finally cease, and she could catch her breath from the amazing, positively orgasmic experience of letting loose, and having it all come out….

She would no doubt positively die of embarrassment, from her shameful display….

‘Mmmmghhh… But it was worth it… For this feeling..’

She wished she could just revel in this sensation forever.

===

