Kairi Times

Author: nasfan9

*000*2020-08-03 18:56

What is proof-reading? What is grammer?

Hopefully It's not too bad! Just a short prompt I thought up for a character, I kinda wanted a new story to work on that could get right into the stuff that people really like to read... I'd still try to keep up the same writing style though.

Introduction

H-hello... My name is Kairi, and I'm... I'm pretty gross!

I'm 23 years old, and I like sewing and crafts, but I also like some weird things...

It's humiliating... but I like to be humiliated, ironic right? For some reason I just get really excited when people look at me with shame...

It's even more disgusting because my favorite way of achieving this is having "accidents". I like to... relieve myself... almost exclusively in public! The thrill I get from it is... unmatched by anything! I remember in elementary school I got pulled into a lot of parent teacher conferences, for doing similar things. I would pee myself in the bathroom at school, standing in the middle of the floor. One time I got caught being, really bold and stood at the door to the bathroom and completely soaked my skirt. That's when some students had saw me, I had never actually been caught and this time, writing it off as an accident... didn't really convince anybody...

My mom actually considered buying diapers for me, and when I heard that I was so excited, I had to stop myself from smiling. There was a lot of consideration, I actually wet my bed on purpose about a week after that. I even moved the sheets over just to make it obvious to what I had done. She scolded my so harshly it actually scared me so much that I stopped doing it. In the end sadly enough she never had to... since my "condition" cleared up.

I guess I'm writing this because recently I... got a girlfriend! I wasn't even sure if I was really like that up until now. I mean I guess I did like girls that way, but to have this happen it's pretty new to me but I think it's amazing!

To be honest, we had a really embarrassing start... When I moved out for the first time for college, I was alone at first for a few months since my roommate had came later in the semester. This gave me freedom I never knew. Once again my humiliation play found itself into my daily life. It was amazing, I could do pretty much anything that my twisted mind could imagine in that room. Well... one day later in the semester, I never stopped my playtime, even when my roommate arrived, So when she was out for the weekend, I took full advantage of that privacy... I was wearing a diaper from the pack I ordered discreetly to my address, and school girl uniform I made by hand.

I had planned to masturbate in front of my window so I could imagine all the imaginary stares, as I completely filled my padding with everything my body had. Suddenly This girl I didn't know walked right through my door. There was a decently awkward pause... All I could say was sorry and I ran into the bathroom, and hid there for like 3 hours! Oddly enough it was actually a major turn on, but then later I realized she was in my class... and I began to panic. I'd never really had to confront someone that had seen me do something so gross. I've always done it to people outside of my social groups, but now someone here knew!

What made it worse is I overslept the next morning, and when I went into the class all the seats were taken... except for the one next to her. I almost left the class before the professor rushed me. So here I was sitting next to her, it was so horrible! I couldn't move, the anxiety got to me eventually, and I started to tear up. I couldn't speak either but I tried to write her a apologizing note, but my hands were shaking too much. Once class was over she didn't move, but just as I was moving she grabbed me by the arm. I end up apologizing, as I started to sob again. I'll never forget what she said to me!

"Come to my dorm dressed like you were yesterday, 224B second floor. If you don't I'll tell the class what you were doin." Her grip tightened, just as she let me go. I was so scared, I just nodded and walked away shaking.

That night I did as she said, I made up an excuse for my roommate, and took a back pack with my stuff to the public restroom and changed there. the whole time i was shaking so bad I could barely put the tapes on the diaper i was wearing. I hurriedly left, with an awkward jog/ waddle to the other dorm building. Thankfully it was late enough that not many students were out. I was so scared I tripped and scrapped my knee, but I didn't have time to care. I couldn't have this happen... the whole thing was so ironic. I was trying to save myself from what I ultimately wanted. I guess I just never realized how scary true shame and humiliation could be.

I could only think of how my school life would be ruined. I eventually found my self at the door labeled 224B after climbing up the stairs awkwardly. I had to knocked on the door with my shaking hand. I stood waiting, my knee stung with pain. Soon I could hear someone walking to the door, and the lock being turned. I stood red faced and shaking as the girl from my class stood with the door open. "Holy shit, come inside! She took my arm pulling me in." She closed the door, locking it behind us. "Wow, okay I didn't think you'd actually come over-" She must have noticed my shaking. "Hey, calm down okay? I'm not gonna tell anyone, anything okay?" She put her hand on my shoulder. "Seriously please calm down!" I tried doing as she said as I fell to my knees in relief.

She brought over some tea shortly before, explaining her intentions. "Hey, honestly... you just looked really fucking cute yesterday..." I was shocked and embarrassed to hear that... someone finding me doing something so gross cute? She continued "I mean, I always kinda fancied, girls n' stuff. but was into some kinky stuff hehe..." She sheepishly laughed, scratching her head... "Could ya like talk to me? This isn't easy y'know, it's kinda embarrassin' too!" I spoke up "u-um I'm sorry again, I didn't think that something like that would happen... I'm sorry!"

Looking up at her as she sat on her bed, she was pretty tall, but it might have just been me on my knees. She spoke again as she did pretty frankly. "Hey it's okay, it wasn't all that bad, but you were like... totally masturbating right? You like it when people watch huh?" I turned beat read I stayed silent, as I covered my face. I mumbled as I couldn't find the words to explain myself. "I'm just sorry, okay?" I couldn't really bring myself to face what had happened. Maybe if it was just normal masturbation I probably could have just gotten off with an embarrassed whoops... If I only I was normal.

"You don't gotta apologize...", I could feel the empathy in her voice as she confided with my shameful desires. "You can't help it, you like what you like don't you?" I began to retract my hands that covered the few tears that welled in my eyes. "So this is what turns you on huh?" She flipped my skirt up with her foot, exposing the diaper I wore under the handmade skirt. I Tried to hastily cover myself but she quickly plopped down in front of me.

"W-whoa, did you fall on your way here?" She pulled my scrapped knee up comically almost causing me to fall back on my back. "Y-yeah I was in a hurry... I was scared." She kinda got a sullen serious expression, "s-sorry, didn't mean for you to... end up like that..." She avoided eye contact, she seemed like one those people that have a hard time apologizing. It did feel somewhat genuine, especially since she even got up to get some peroxide and some band aids. I didn't think the wound was all that bad, but I guess she felt responsible, so I went with it. I might have taken it a bit far... I did get a whole meal out of her... I mean it was kinda her fault for making me run all they way over here like that... Also she should have knocked!!!

Anyway some things happened and I spent the night at her dorm. She insisted I stayed over, since I feared going all the way back to my own... It was her idea, but she figured we should have some drinks together, because she wanted to get to know me. It was pretty awkward at first with just the tv on. It wasn't long before she started hitting me with some more intimate questions "So your into exhibition? or just like the humiliation?" She asked grinning.

I was still embarrassed but the beer lightened my tongue. "uh, I mean I guess both. I just get... you know, kinda excited when people look at me like that..." I felt weird saying it but It also felt relaxing to be able to tell someone else something I've kept so dear to myself. "Hey, I'm sorry I actually... don't know who you are? What's your name?" I asked curiously. She thought for a minute. before responding "oh I guess I only know your dorm mate... I'm a friend of hers. My name's Misao, you can just call me Misao" she grinned as she leaned closer over the table. "I think ya can call me that, seein' how close we've gotten~" She hiccuped, drunkenly. I laughed snorting, as I choked on my beer. "Ah, okay then Misao, I'm Kairi!" It really was just crazy how quickly we became friends over such a insane event. Although I felt some strange excitement in the events currently unfolding.

