College Office Hours

Author: herrokitty

*000*2017-02-24 05:03

Hey all, this is two stories, interconnected. First is a total fiction from the perspective of a female graduate student teaching assistant. No messing for the first one. I was inspired, for some reason, to write today and wrote this stream of consciousness, and I get a little too in the weeds in "grading" but uuhh... fuck it. It is what it is. I worked in helping people with their papers in college, so I got a little carried away, I guess. Second one is also a total fiction and is about two students.

"Almost done with class," I thought.

Morning coffee, iced tea, and over four hours straight in class and I was bursting. A coffee, I understand. Why did I also drink tea? Why didn't I step out of the classroom? Oh yeah, because I'm the teacher.

All 15 students were sitting in a circle discussing the latest readings, and I don't know if that was a good thing for me or not. On one hand, I wasn't as conspicuous and my foot fidgeting could be construed as excess energy. On the other hand, being up at the chalkboard moving around could take my mind off things. Whatever, there was 15 minutes left, surely I could hold out that long.

The students, thankfully were in an animated discussion about the finer points of... uuuhh... something. It's not like graduate students do the readings, either. I couldn't focus on what they were saying; I could barely breathe. I hadn't been this desperate since... since I was in 3rd grade. That ended with me peeing my pants in church all over the pew. God, that was embarrassing.

I crossed my leg tightly. I grimaced at my tight black jeans - they dug into my bladder hard. I don't think when they designed fashion to objectify women, they thought me peeing my pants would be the outcome. Well, at least they're black, if I lose a little it likely won't be noticeable. Fuck. Am I so desperate that was a reasonable thought? It honestly felt like my lower body was going numb. If I peed right now, would I even notice? And then it hit - the first spurt. Oh, I sure did notice. I gasped softly and leaned forward slightly. I could tell the students to the left and right of me glanced over, and I felt my ears burning red. Oh god, did they suspect?

The conversation was coming to a close on its own, fortunately. I didn't have any impact on it and I'm their teacher. Oh well, priorities. I looked at the clock and saw there was technically ten minutes left. Fuck it, class is ending now. "Alright, great discussion, I'm glad everyone was super engaged with the readings. I don't think there's anything else to cover, so unless there are questions..." (there never are) "I'll see you all next week where we'll just review for the midterm."

Everyone packed up and I continued to sit, frozen with my legs crossed. There was no way I was getting up until I knew the damage. Everyone slowly filed out as I brought all my materials (essentially, a notebook, some pieces of paper with my lesson plan, and a pen) together to get ready to leave.

One student wasn't leaving though. Selene. Damn. I forced a smile. "What's up?"

"I was wondering if we could go over my paper before I turned it in because I'm gonna miss tomorrow's lecture for a swim meet."

Oh, yes. Selene was on the University's swim team. I didn't envy her schedule. I did envy her athletic body, her upper half hidden in a hoodie but her bottom half showing off through her black leggings. I certainly had a butt that turned heads (something I had to be careful about around male students!), but it had been years since I had been able to work out regularly. I also envied her ability to pee while doing her job in the pool... I grimaced. "Sorry, I know it's about to be my office hours, but could we check in later today?"

She responded, "I have class in twenty minutes, could we just quickly go over it now?"

I had to be a teacher for just ten or fifteen more minutes. I could do that, right? It's my responsibility. "Sure. Let's head to my office since this classroom has another class in it later."

I resigned myself to getting out of my chair, but fortunately the black pants seemed to pay off. In fact, it was a small enough spurt I'm not sure it even got on my pants. Standing, though, redoubled my desperation. I was subconsciously grinding my teeth, I had to go so bad, but I powered through and began walking to the office.

We fortunately made the two flight trek downstairs without incident. However, another spurt hit as I unlocked the door. There was nothing I could do except hope it wasn't noticeable, and I let Selene in and sat at my desk. I was grateful that none of my officemates were in. Why, in case I was going to have an accident? That wasn't going to happen! I'm an adult, an educator. Then again, I was sort of already having an accident, I guess.

Selene pulled up a chair next to my desk, facing me. She immediately crossed her legs, as well, and a vague thought crossed my mind - that is, before yet another spurt. I had long since spurned my Catholic upbringing, but praying to God seemed like a good idea at this point. She handed me her rough draft and I quickly skimmed through it as best I could. I wrote some grammatical edits as I went. The task of being forced to read took my mind off things, which was good. The paper was honestly pretty cool. Our class was an obscure cross-listed sociology/history class on athletics in the United States (hence the significant number of athlete students).

Since it was Black History Month, we were reading about pioneer black American athletes, like Jackie Robinson or John Carlos. Selene wrote a paper about the history of black women in swimming and she discussed the history of underrepresentation of black Americans in swimming and highlighted Simone Manuel as the first African American woman to win an Olympic gold. I was so engrossed, in fact, that another spurt occurred... this one wasn't like the last ones. The last ones were like for a literal moment, milliseconds (and hopefully milliliters). This one was for two whole seconds.

That doesn't sound long... except when you're peeing your pants. I knew my underwear had no chance (black boyshorts, by the way - gotta keep it conservative when I teach so I don't accidentally flash my students my underwear). It was going to soak my jeans. I was afraid it might have been audible. I looked up and saw Selene was in her own world. Her legs were crossed, too, and she was rocking back and forth, staring blankly at her knees, clad in black leggings. Honestly, it looked like she had to go almost as badly as me.

I took the opportunity to glance down. Sitting with my legs crossed, I saw nothing. I definitely felt wet (and the wetness was rapidly cooling!) between my legs, though. It didn't feel like it was down to my butt... yet...

"Hey, Selene, so I think this is a strong paper and you picked a really interesting topic."

She jerked her head up to attention. I continued, "I made some minor grammatical fixes, but I think the way you organized the speech was totally clear and easy to follow. I especially like using Simone's life as a personal case to contrast to the history." God, it was weird to try to act professional as you were about to do the most childish thing possible. Honestly, I couldn't tell if I was slowly peeing as I was talking or not. "You do a good job dispelling the racist myths of why black people don't go into swimming professionally and you talk about underrepresentation of famous figures and Simone potentially changing that, like Serena and Venus for tennis, but I think you could delve in more to this point about lack of black access to swim teams due to financial barriers."

Fuck, I definitely just peed a bit more. Maybe another two or three seconds? It was definitely on my butt. It was probably on my seat, which was at least cushioned so it soaked it up instead of rolling off. I was safe from Selene, at least - after... well, I'll figure that out then. She didn't look like she was paying that much attention, frankly, which I was relieved about but also annoyed by. Why the hell had she asked to meet if she was just going to zone out? So I would pee my pants? Ugh, I guess I'll be the responsible teacher. I quickly wrote on the sheet, "Expand on financial barriers to swimming."

I handed it back to her, spurting as I did so and pretending everything was fine. "Otherwise, it looks solid. Don't worry about the lecture, I can send you slides..." I trailed off as I saw her immediately shoot her hand down to her crotch. She bent over and breathlessly said, "Oh my god, I'm so sorry, I just really have to pee and was hoping to be able to meet with you before I had to go to my next class so I wouldn't be late."

Watching her desperation was too much for me. I started peeing in earnest. I just sat there, cross-legged, and peed, frozen in shock. It started with a two second spurt as she apologized. It then became a slow and steady stream that picked up steam. I wordlessly opened my mouth to respond, but had nothing to say. I just looked down and saw piss pool between my legs. I did my best to squeeze shut, but all I did was slow it down for a second. I looked up and she STILL hadn't noticed. She was going on. "I'll just quickly stop by the bathroom and be right back, I'm so sorry!"

She stood up, hand still in her crotch, legs still crossed. When she stood up, I saw a wet spot the size of a dollar bill on the seat. I strangely wondered if it was all in one go or over time. As she stood up, I saw she could finally see my piss. She was shocked and stood there, mouth agape, staring at the piss pool before eventually reaching my knees and flowing down my legs and onto the floor. It overflowed the chair, too, and leaked out of the cushion in all directions. It was a mess, and I was mortified. Selene, however, turned bright pink as well. I looked down to see a rush of urine cascade down her black leggings, glistening its way from her crotch down to her knees... then eventually her shoes. Her hand was still in her crotch, now wet with her own piss. We were both silent in our shock and disgrace, and I could hear both her and my piss hiss its way out of our bodies.

She finished peeing before I did. Or maybe she actually succeeded in stopping. I long since gave up. It was the longest, most awkward pause of my whole life. She uncrossed her legs and stood sheepishly, looking down at herself. When I was done, I cleared my throat. "Maybe next time you tell me if you have to pee so we can both pee beforehand."

It wasn't funny, but the situation was so absurd we both just started laughing. She tried to get this done as soon as possible so she could go pee, I wanted it to not happen so I could pee. If only one of us had said, "Just gimme a sec and let me pee" we both would have peed and the dumbest, most embarrassing moment of my life (and probably hers!) wouldn't have happened. God, what a shitty day - wait, I take that back, I certainly don't want THAT to happen.

She took off her hoodie, a white tank top underneath, and tied it around her waist. "How obvious is it?"

"Uuh... pretty obvious. You probably want to skip your next class. Don't tell anyone your teacher said so."

"Also don't tell anyone their teacher peed their pants?"

"Only if you want me to tell the world our revered campus swimmer peed hers."

"We pee in the pool all the time, honestly, I'm afraid I'll forget I'm not in the pool and just piss where I'm sitting."

"A little late for that, don't you think?"

There was a pause before we chuckled again. She said, "Well, I guess I'll figure something out... maybe try the hand dryers in the bathroom..."

We said our goodbyes and I called my boyfriend, Sam. "Hey, uuh, Sam? How quickly can you get to my office? And do you have a change of pants? Yeah, it's quite the story..."

Well, we'd always wanted to have sex in my office... at this point, I'd gladly do it to thank him for bringing me pants, but it's a real question on whether he'd want to in this state.

BONUS STORY!!! MESSING WARNING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I dunno, I was just feeling it.

Grace and Emma walked out of class. Grace, a tall, brown-haired woman clad in a short dress down to above her knees, whispered to her friend. "I think our teacher had to pee..."

Emma, who was equally tall, but skinnier (and envious of Grace's ass) and blonde was in gray yoga pants and a white top with a frill. She whispered back, "I do too, I'm gonna pee my pants if we don't get to a bathroom ASAP."

Grace giggled. "I have to pee too. The bathroom's right by the front door."

They walked in to see both stalls taken and a line. Emma groaned. "Ugh, let's find a new one."

They exited the building and entered the one next door, the Chemistry building. Emma scanned the place. "Do you know where the bathrooms are? I've never been in here."

Grace shrugged. "I haven't, either. It can't be that hard to find, plenty of people have class in this building."

They wandered the halls, but for some reason a bathroom eluded them. Emma put her hand on Grace's shoulder. "Grace. Listen. If we don't find a bathroom in the next five minutes, I'm not just gonna piss myself. I'm gonna shit myself. It's gonna be the worst."

Grace had to poop, too, to be honest, but never had the brazenness that Emma did. "Well, let's check the second floor, then, I'm not going to a new building!"

They wandered the second floor. They found a bathroom, but of course it was out of order. Emma groaned. "HOW IS THIS HAPPENING?"

This was beyond amusing to Grace, and she just stayed silent. A fart caught her attention, though. Emma was bright red. "My bad. Let's get out of here before someone smells us."

They ran to the third floor, Grace leaving some silent farts of her own. Her butt was tightly clenched, her muscles visibly tense through her yoga pants. Emma came to a halt. "Hold up, I'm about to piss myself here." Emma crossed her legs and bent over, clearly fighting her hardest. Grace, too, was struggling, though she tried to hide it. Emma looked up. "Oh my god, Grace, I think I pissed myself a little." She looked around, saw the hallway was empty, and lifted her dress. Grace exclaimed, "We're in public, don't show me!"

It was too late, and on Emma's bright red thong was a darker splotch. A line ran down her upper leg and was lost around her knee, as well. Grace followed up, "Well, let's find a bathroom, fast!"

They power walked as best they could onward. Emma whispered, "I'm fucking peeing as we're walking." Grace couldn't help but glance over and see trickles running down Emma's legs.

Finally, at the end of the third floor, they saw a bathroom sign. It was a unisex one, but a bathroom nonetheless. They both started running to get there. Grace felt a spurt, but she didn't care - she was so close to salvation. When they got to the door, Emma swung it open and saw there was one toilet. They looked at each other. At that pause, Grace heard another fart from Emma. Emma turned bright red. That fart was definitely wet and stained her thong. "Listen, I'm already pissing myself and there was definitely something more to that fart. Just let me go and I won't even wipe, you can go right after."

Grace really, really wanted to go, and the wet spot clung tightly to her crotch. She was caught in a moment of indecision. Emma farted again, while a small nugget of poop shot out and was caught by her thong. She muttered, "Fuck it" and strode to the toilet, lifted her dress, and sat down. Grace hurriedly entered and closed and locked the door. Emma wasn't even bothering to take off her underwear, and a steady stream could be heard. Emma was pooping her thong as she sat, as well, and bigger splashes indicated that. Her thong was just pushed aside easily as a log flowed out, followed by two more. Grace stood in front of Emma and crossed her legs tightly. However, it was to no avail listening to Emma's relief. Piss spurted out of her, first for a couple seconds, then for five seconds. The wet spot grew until it was down to her mid-thighs. Emma looked up and said, shocked, "Are you pissing yourself?"

Grace hung her head in shame as the rest of the piss came pouring out. Emma cried out, "Oh my god, just hold on, I'm almost done." Unbeknownst to Emma, Grace was also pooping herself. Her buttcheeks unclenched just slightly and a small point pushed out her yoga pants. It pushed out and out and curled up, creating a growing bulge behind. Fortunately, Emma's peeing and pooping masked the smell and covered up the sound of crackling. Emma was finished and stood up. "Yo, take the toilet!"

It was too late. Grace was finished. Behind her was a bulge the size of an orange, while urine glistened on her legs down to her feet, her shoes surrounded by a puddle. Grace backed up til her butt touched the wall. "It's too late... God this is embarrassing."

Emma stared for a second, then jumped into action. "You stay here. I'll go grab you a new pair of pants. No one can tell what I did with this dress."

Grace nodded her head. "Thanks, Emma."

"Don't thank me, I'm the reason you got screwed."

Emma dried off her legs and walked out of the bathroom. She thought she could still smell the faint trace of piss and poop on her, but she kept moving quickly all the way to her dorm.

Grace, however, had a more complicated clean-up. Fortunately, she got away with it, she thought. She peeled off her yoga pants and dumped the content into the toilet before pulling out a large wad of toilet paper.

