A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Interview

Author: lalala85

*000*2022-07-02 04:42

It was 9AM, and Lindsay had somewhere to be. Unfortunately for her, she was still in bed.

The alarm clock trilled, and a startled Lindsay smacked the snooze button as if a lion at its prey. She fell back asleep, but it wasn't long before the alarm woke her back up.

SNOOZE

Another five minutes passed by, and Lindsay stopped the alarm for a third time. When it rang a fourth time, Lindsay decided to take the hint and slowly opened her eyes. She lied in bed, groggy and at least half-asleep, listening to the alarm blare. After becoming annoyed enough to heed its call, she sat up in bed and checked her phone. It was this that reminded her why she had set the alarm.

Reminder: Interview at 10

"Shit!" she shouted as she tossed her phone across the room. She checked the clock and it was now 9:20. Lindsay was running late by nearly half an hour, and to make matters worse, the office was a 20-minute commute. Lindsay quickly shot up out of bed and ran to the shower. "Shit shit shit," she rambled incoherently. She turned the shower head on and quickly jumped in before it had gotten warm. The cold water sent a shock to her system that jolted her straight awake, and she was now in panic mode. After a lazy shampoo and scrubbing, Lindsay dried off and started her hair and makeup.

She took a hairdryer and ran it over her medium-length brunette hair, close enough to her scalp to fall under a "Do not do" on the safety tag. After her hair was sufficiently dry, she twisted the back of her hair into a bun and layered some bangs onto the sides of her face. "Good enough," she thought to herself as she quickly brushed her teeth. It was now 9:30, and Lindsay felt confident in her timing. Lindsay took her makeup bag out of the medicine cabinet and applied a quick but elegant look to her olive complexion. She threw her outfit on, which she thoughtfully had laid aside on her nightstand the night before.

Lindsay turned to the mirror in her bedroom to check her outfit. On her top she had donned a white blouse with pheasant sleeves and a black mock tie. Below that, a black pencil skirt that rested just an inch above her knees. Finally, on her face were her ever-important glasses. The thick cat-eyed frames served not only to aid her version, but as a fashion statement the curves of the frames rested perfectly on her soft cheeks and nose, but very subtly increased the size of her green eyes. She took a minute to admire herself before snapping a selfie on her phone, which she sent to her friend, Ashley. Lindsay had briefly considered using the restroom, but it was now 9:40 and there was no time to waste. She slipped her black heels on and ran to her car. As she stepped in the car, her phone buzzed. It was a reply from Ashley: "You look GORGEOUS! Good luck! And spill the tea when you get out."

Lindsay smiled at her friend's assurance and backed out of the driveway. She secured her phone to her mount and activated the GPS. A robotic voice emerged.

"Fifteen minutes to your destination."

Lindsay checked the clock and it was 9:45. She was going to make this interview.

It's not that she needed a new job. Her current salary was fine, and she got along well enough with her coworkers. The problem was the monotony. Her cubicle meant that she would frequently go days without seeing another person, and the work itself left nothing to be inspired by. Lindsay thrived on variety. She had recently applied as a receptionist for a large banking firm, and she was now on her way to hopefully seal the deal. Lindsay badly wanted this higher-energy and more sociable position and it was within her grasp.

And then she got onto the highway.

Lindsay was still making decent timing. By 9:51, she had already shaven several minutes off of her estimated time and was mere minutes away. She heard a car honking up ahead. It was as she made her next turn that she realized what the situation was: there was a massive traffic jam. Cars looked to be stationary for miles. Lindsay instantly realized she was not going to make her interview on time and laid her head on her steering wheel. After a long sigh, Lindsay pulled out her phone and called the office.

"Hi, this is Lindsay Piper. I'm just calling to let you know that I'm going to be late to my interview, the highway is completely blocked right now."

The receptionist on the other end of the line was very polite.

"We've all been caught up in traffic all morning. I'll let Melinda know. Do you think you could be here at 10:30 or is that pushing it?"

Lindsay was relieved. She agreed to meet at 10:30 and sat back up in her seat. She used this downtime as an opportunity to text Ashley.

"Aaaaaaaash, I was on my way to the interview and got stuck in traffic."

"NO WAY! That super sucks. I'm sure you'll make it still!"

This time, Ash's words were much less reassuring. Lindsay looked back out her windshield to see all of the cars in all of the lanes in the same positions they started in. She already had to postpone the interview once, and now she was worried that she'd have to push it back a second time. The clock hit 10:05 and she had only moved about four car lengths. It was around this time that she began regretting her decision to not use the restroom before she left. Her bladder was slowly reaching its breaking point, and her stomach wasn't far behind.

Lindsay was losing patience, so she decided to turn the radio on as a distraction from both the passing of time and the growing pressure of her desperation. After a few songs had played, Lindsay was making decent progress in the traffic. She was still nervous about her 10:30 deadline, but it certainly wasn't impossible to meet. She was now close enough to the front of the line to see the cause of the traffic: someone had run into the median and tore their fender off. As she surveyed the police investigating the accident, she became increasingly aware of the one she was about to have of her own.

It was now 10:20 and Lindsay's leg was bouncing. She had placed her left hand in her crotch, fully aware that it wouldn't actually be a particularly effective maneuver. She let out a loud yell and slammed her horn at no one in particular. "FUCK!" she shouted. As she inched the car forward a few more yards, Lindsay's determined attitude was quickly slipping away. Suddenly, the driver behind her slammed on his horn. The blaring sound startled Lindsay, and the floodgates opened in response.

Lindsay sat straight up her seat and gasped. She sighed in defeat as she felt her pee slowly dribble into her panties and soak her skirt. She attempted to stand up to further tighten her legs, but it was no use. As she lifted from the her seat, the stream just continued with more force than before. A warm jet was powering its way through Lindsay's panties and trickling loudly onto her leather seat. She made some exasperated noises in disbelief and closed her eyes. She nearly began to cry as the wetness continued flowing down her legs and pooling into her high heels.

But Lindsay was stronger than that. She sat back up and tried to ignore the warm pool that her bikini line was now soaking in. Lindsay may have been deeply ashamed, but most of all, she was determined to make a good first impression. If she didn't act like a grown woman who had just helplessly wet herself on the way to the office, then she still had a chance. Unfortunately for Lindsay, what was about to come was going to be a little more difficult to hide.

Lindsay was now just five cars away from her exit. She got her phone back out and texted Ash. "I'm going to make it to this fucking interview." It was a hopeful claim, but still not one that was guaranteed. Just as she regained confidence, however, she was rudely reminded of something else she had been putting off. She threw her head to the back of her seat and screamed into her palms as she felt her tight ass begin to open up. She tried everything in her power to prevent further disaster, but luck was not on her side.

Lindsay felt her panties begin to tent out. It was at this point that she resumed her desire to cry. Wetting herself was going to be difficult enough to get away with, but messing? There wasn't a chance. Desperate to relieve herself of the pain, Lindsay leaned forward onto her steering wheel and lifted her butt from the seat. Her skirt dripped more pee into the puddle beneath her as she stood. She closed her eyes and started to do what no 31-year-old woman should ever have to do. She was pooping her pants.

Lindsay's panties were crackling loudly from being stretched by her mess. She merely rested her face onto the dashboard in shame. Lindsay was feeling a wave of emotions: the shame in her accident, the determination to make the interview, and the relief from finally freeing herself of this burden. She decided that relief was the most important at the moment, so she began to gently push more of her mess out of herself. While she did this she looked around for other cars to make sure no one was watching the act. Fortunately, it didn't seem like anyone noticed the woman blatantly pooping her panties.

The shame sat back in as she continued pushing. Her panties tented out more and more, and she felt disgraceful. She finished pushing as the car in front of the line to move. She didn't care what the state of her attire was, she was about to walk into this office and prove herself. She finished off her accident and shifted her eyes to make sure that there was still no one watching. She carefully pulled her skirt up and surveyed the damage by reaching down to the back of her panties and gauging how large of an accident this had been. While her panties felt much larger than she knew they could handle, her mess was fully contained therein and she sighed in relief.

Now came the difficult part: sitting back down. Lindsay wasn't exactly used to her current situation and briefly pondered how to safely sit back down in her driver's seat. There were only two cars ahead of her now, so she had to make a quick decision. She settled for a slow approach - closing her eyes, slowly exhaling, and gently resting on her ass. She had kept the skirt pulled up behind her to avoid further damage.

As she resumed her position, she heard her now-heavy panties hit the seat with a wet thud. Lindsay made a face of disgust and paused before going full force. She slowly sat her entire posterior down. Her facial demeanor only got worse as she sat down further. She was looking up at the ceiling and breathing in slowly to keep herself from crying and ruining her makeup, the one thing that went according to plan this morning. Her face contorted in ways it never had before as she slowly came to terms with what she had done. Her mess had now conformed itself into shape of her ass while still staying contained in her once-sexy underwear. Their light blue hue was certainly ruined at this point, and the stretchiness of the lace details were being tested in extreme conditions. The puddle from earlier had long gone cold, and at this point Lindsay almost appreciated the warmth of her mess.

Lindsay was finally up next to exit. She was waved ahead and immediately turned down the street to her right. She was now one block away from this interview, and panties be damned, she was going to make it. She nearly ran a red light as she sped further down the street to her future office. She parallel parked on the street and made sure no one was around before stepping outside. The clock read 10:29. Perfect timing.

After confirming that the coast was clear, Lindsay stepped out of the car and slowly rolled her skirt back down. She patted it down for wrinkles and looked in the side mirror to check for any obvious bulges. It looked like sitting down had some advantages, as any indicator to her mess was negligible. The back of her skirt was very wet, but given that it was black, you would have to really look to notice anything off. She sprayed herself with copious amounts of the spare perfume she kept in her car, and started walking ahead to the door.

Walking, as it turned out, was harder than she had imagined. It was more of a waddle that she performed as she slowly plodded forward, feeling her dirty panties cling to her rear every step of the way. She felt disgusting and looked like she didn't know how to walk in heels. She stepped off to the side of the door, took a deep breath, and regained her professional appearance.

Lindsay walked into the foyer and just past the receptionist as she made her way to the bathroom. Then, she was stopped dead in her tracks. "Lindsay?" the woman behind the desk asked. "I'll page Melinda and get her right out here." Lindsay's face turned to dread as she realized she would not be able to clean up before the most important interview she's ever had. Melinda had stepped out of a door down the hallway to reveal herself.

"Hi! You must be Lindsay!" she joyously welcomed. Lindsay was taken aback by her interviewer's energy. "Uh, sure am!" she replied. Melinda reached her arm out for a handshake and Lindsay accepted. "Glad you could make it. Let's get back to my office and we can conduct the interview."

"Sounds great!" Lindsay responded. Lindsay was no longer thinking about what had happened on the way here. She was no longer noticing the sagging of her full panties. She was in career mode, and she responded thusly. She followed Melinda with a confident stroll and entered her office. As she walked past the receptionist, Lindsay heard her take a light sniff of the air. Lindsay wasn't bothered, because she knew she was taking the woman's job soon. "Have a seat!" Melinda offered. "Of course, thank you." Lindsay didn't hesitate to sit down on the office chair placed in front of her. She had observed herself after sitting in her car and looked just fine, so now she was sure that it wouldn't ruin the furniture.

Lindsay made grimaced slightly as she sat back down in her mess. Fortunately, it seemed the perfume had been successful, as Melinda didn't appear to notice a thing. She began asking Lindsay basic interview questions, such as previous customer experiences and skill sets. Twenty minutes later, the interview continued on and Lindsay and Melinda built a good rapport. Each of them were laughing at her responses and Melinda seemed impressed with her resume.

Unfortunately, the comfort of her seating situation was fading. Lindsay felt her panties turn cold and clammy as she pretended not to be affected. She also could tell that the perfume was wearing off, and Melinda seemed to take silent notice. "Alright, Lindsay, last question."Lindsay perked back up and sat at full attention. Melinda continued. "Can you give an example of a time when you had to act professionally in a very unprofessional situation?"

Lindsay's mind went blank. She couldn't think of any appropriate scenarios. Losing patience with her messy predicament and desperately wanting to leave, she threw a Hail Mary.

"One time, I pissed and shit myself on the way to a job interview. I walked right in and got through the entire interview. No one knew."

Lindsay smiled while questioning in the back of her head why she felt the need to make that confession. Melinda sat wide-eyed and shocked. Lindsay wasn't sure if it was the vulgarity or the content that made her uncomfortable. "Probably both," she decided internally. After a moment of silence that seemed to last three minutes, Melinda gently began to speak up. "So, uh... did you get the job?"

Melinda sat up in her chair with all the confidence she has ever mustered. "Well," she started. "I guess I'll see when you call me back." She crossed her legs, put her hands in her lap, and stared with a blank smile at Melinda. She studied Melinda's face as she slowly came to terms with what her interviewee had just said. It slowly turned into a light laugh. Lindsay didn't know whether to be ashamed or relieved. "I just won't write that one down on your report," Melinda responded through fits of laughter. "I think that's a good place to end the interview!"

Lindsay smiled and stood up. She noticed that the seat was wet from her skirt. She and Melinda once again shook hands before being dismissed. Melinda walked Lindsay out, being sure to stay behind her. Before Lindsay stepped out the door, Melinda whispered into her ear. "Now go get yourself cleaned up." She had no idea how badly Lindsay needed it.

"I like her," Melinda admitted as Lindsay got into her car. The receptionist looked at her in shock. "You realize she shit her pants, right?"

Lindsay got into her car and had no emotions left but humor. She broke into a fit of laughter as she realized the sheer inanity of the situation she had been put in. She managed to win over an interviewer after making a complete mess out of herself with her accident. If that wasn't enough to prove her dedication, she didn't know what would be.

*001*2022-07-02 04:47

Yes, there will be more.

