Major Simmons (feat. LivingInfinite art)

Author: Present

*000*2020-07-13 00:25

Coming with a smattering of exquisite LivingInfinite (http://pixiv.me/livinginfinite

) artwork is a story written by my inner Tom Clancy, in four parts.

___

Had peace reigned, the sky’s conscience might have retained its clarity, unscarred by the weeping trails carved by screaming jets. But there was nobody now for the blue expanse to enchant, not least the pilots seeking refuge from the spiteful columns of fire that blossomed from the ground. Jo had learned to hate the clear sky as she flew into the fray, but refrained from pushing harder on the roaring turbojet, as she did back when she could still find fights in air unpolluted by thick smoke. All intercepts occurred now in the besmirched skies in front of Jo’s canopy. Her plane shot toward the dirty smear ahead.

The communists were desperate, but no less pig-headed than usual. Their recent barrage of reconnaissance planes all flew high and slow, and evaded with no more skill than plump, silvery skeet. They’d made aces out of too many idiotic young cadets who then dared to cozy up to Jo and her compatriot veterans of the MiGs’ trial by fire. She almost missed those visceral battles. Racking up easy kill marks and pay was a good gig, but it was nothing on the rawness of dogfights in her wonderfully analog machines. Meanwhile, she had never pushed her sleek new jet to its limits, and if her briefing was accurate, today would not be the first time.

A wispy white contrail caught Jo’s eye. She followed it to a quick flash of metal emerging from behind a smoky cloud. Throttle up, and turn to port. The bogey had straight wings and bulges underneath both. Soviet.

“Knight has visual. Vectoring for the target, over.”.

The Russian’s shimmering fuselage was above her, flying an angle towards her for a few seconds, before disappearing behind an ashy cloud. Jo tightened her chest and pulled her control stick left. The jet rolled into a tight turn, and she wrenched her body towards the sky, fighting the bloodshot pulses at the side of her eyes until the two contrails appeared parallel above her canopy. The Russian was much closer now, close enough for Jo to make out the red stars on his wings, beckoning her to put the big plane squat inside her sights. But now the Russian was accelerating and rolling starboard, twisting his plane down towards the ground, scavenging the last few knots out of the antiquated airframe, and in the process sealing any opportunities for agile evasion. It was a hallmark of desperate young pilots, just like the previous few that the Ruskies had sent, just another stenciled red star below Jo’s cockpit. You’re as good as dead.

This time, as she gently pushed the control stick down, her gloved thumb was locked over the trigger. Twenty degrees, ten degrees, and the twin-engined fighter was in her sights again, frozen by speed in her green crosshairs. Now go down. The four cannons exploded in a rhythmic bark and spat their trails of fire, enveloping the Soviet in a curtain of American lead, each bullet cutting like a hot knife through the thin aluminum. A splash of orange flame erupted from the starboard engine, shimmering across the unpainted metal, and the engine exploded in a burst drowned out by the still-roaring cannons. And then the Russian was falling in a flat spin, down and away from Jo’s sights, leaving only a corkscrew of thick black smoke to mark her kill.

“Scratch one Red. Returning to base, over.”.

Jo would have preferred the sheet of flame marking a mid-air disintegration, but was content with a quick look back revealing no ejected pilots’ parachute. The dead communist hadn’t even fired in the encounter–these pilots were only good for being shot down. What the hell are they doing in these planes? Their Furloughs were clumsy, rotund beasts, a decade-old design that even the greenest of recruits could fly circles around before downing. For Jo, a clean intercept would never take more than twenty seconds.

She pulled back on the throttle until the engine’s thunderous reverberations slowed to a pitch that she knew by ear. Her thumb relaxed from its curl around the trigger. A gentle turn could suffice, but a tight roll could put her on the flight path half a mile sooner. There was no question: Jo braced her chest and temples, and tugged the control stick to starboard.

The aircraft was nearly perpendicular to the ground when she was pricked by a sense of sudden premonition. Something had glanced off the canopy in the turn, a quick and sinister flash that had appeared for a second while she was pivoted northeast. Her hand flew back to the throttle and her thumb to the trigger, in preparation of chasing another Furlough to a fiery death. But no sooner had she terminated the roll than the whistling wail of a supersonic projectile fill her right ear, followed nearly instantly by a shrieking alarm in her headset.

Fuck!

First came the light of the explosion in a blinding burst, and then the deafening blast and shockwave that stunned every fiber of Jo’s being. The missile’s storm of penetrating shrapnel perforated the jet all along its side as it violently shook in the ripples of the blast. Jo was thrown like a rag-doll against the sides of her cockpit, her unrestrained head crashing off the sides of her canopy.

I lost–lost the enemy, lost the advantage, lost her safety. It was a horrifying thought which coursed through Jo’s nerves, numbing all her appendages. Her body went cold. She had forgotten this raw fear, the sort that the MiGs once struck, the sort for which she had started wearing her special undergarments. The gelled core of her padded trunks soaked with the hot urine she had released in terror, absorbing fast enough for to Jo remain unaware that she was wetting herself. The same discretion could not be afforded to her solid wastes, which pushed messily into the padding at her backside and against the elastic gathers that kept Jo’s fear a secret. That she was messing herself was known to Jo’s subconscious, but her mind was consumed by visceral fear, thinking only of wanting to run, to hide, to be somewhere, anywhere else. All her appendages stiffened, bringing her hand into a white-knuckled grip around the control stick, and her thumb back down on her trigger.

The four M39s’ faithful bark rocked Jo, enough for her to become cognizant of the hollow lightness in her body, and adrenaline in her mind, even as her urine continued to pour unencumbered into the absorptive trunks. She released the trigger and the curtain of bullets stopped. Three seconds had passed. Four seconds, and Jo pulled hard starboard on her control stick, five seconds, and she pulled her plane up into a loop. She was inverted when the silver jet shot across her canopy, above her head, below her in the ashy sky.

Fucker! I got you! Pure instinct pushed her hand to hard starboard, rotating the plane in an inverted roll. The black and bloody circles were converging on her vision now. Max G. The control stick was returned to rest, but the throttles pushed up, whipping the jet around into the contrails of the assailant. Jo saw a flash of a sleek delta silhouette, bearing the burst of Soviet red on its swept wings, before the plane again climbed above and over her canopy. Come back here!

The moment of fear was forgotten now. She twisted her control stick up and to starboard, pointing her nose towards the heavens and the roar of the Soviet’s engines. Her jet’s alarm wails were ignored as she pushed the aircraft to a roll towards the contrails, only to find the flash of silver below her this time, shooting past her jet in the exact opposite direction.

Running now? Jo’s plane rolled to the side again to complete its tight turn. The bloodshot spots in front of her eyes were flooding her vision, and her head was screaming its protest, but she gave not an inch of the control sticks’ starboard pull, flinging the jet around in a full loop toward the Russian. There you are! – on top of her canopy, the full picture of the Soviet jet, enveloped between two flickering circles of bloody vision, red stars emblazoned on the delta wing. Bursts of automatic fire were already exploding its a green nose cone, shooting their streams of fire, ready to dismember their target upon the turn’s completion. But the plane was much too slow to match Jo’s turn, pulling fast enough to bracket the Russian’s underbelly, half a second away from having the Soviet in her sights. Your turn to die! Not mine!

Now it was her turn to fire as she jerked back on the control stick, ensuring that the Soviet would receive a full stream of the red-hot bullets. There was no escape for the Russian, locked in place by the effort of the maneuver, from the storm of bullets that perforated all along the big aircraft. The screaming turbojet engine was penetrated throughout its length, and consumed itself in a furious explosion, tearing apart all traces of the Soviet jet in a fireball of gas and rockets. Jo had never seen the pilot, but knew that he would have been incinerated in an instant and turned to the ash which polluted the skies.

Too good a death for you, Red bastard!

___

“Your mail, missus Bell”.

“Thank you. Leave it in the tray.”

“Very welcome, missus”.

Cynthia was beginning to like the young clerk, with his brisk smile and chipper voice. He’d never seen a world without war and knew not to despair at it, nor bemoan the draft that would come for him in due time. Too young to know of the vacations summer once yielded, too young too know of the ration tickets he worked for, too young to know of all the turmoil unfolding across the world. Cynthia couldn’t escape any of it. She turned in her chair, and from the top of a heavy stack picked up the bound manila envelope marked Classified.

Oh, of course it’s the 303. The Union’s finest, renowned for their many memorandums demanding the latest that Groom Lake had rubber-stamped, none of which the secretaries had clearance to read. This document was for her eyes only, and its contents would be made known only to Team 3A. She pinched and unwound the string, pulled out the ream inside, and her figures leafed through the cheap copy paper. The pages fell into a flurry of words, numbers, and figures—suddenly interrupted by the flash of a familiar name. Cynthia furrowed her brow and flipped back through the papers, searching; and there it was on the third page. Josephine Dolores Simmons.

It was all she could do to not physically cringe at having found her. That woman, that day, that reminder of her secret. She knew immediately what would be requested from her.

How, just how could I possibly forget?

Waves of scorching heat shimmered above the Nevada desert and wafted from the black tarmac runways a smell of lingering bitumen. Though she had long ago moved the small metal fan as close to her as its cord would allow, Cynthia was still sweating furiously through every pore. She looked up from her work to the clock, and then to the lone window of the cabin, through which she could see the three bullet-shaped jets with blinding bursts of sunlight reflecting off their polished bodies. Hardly an hour remained before their takeoff, and in the meantime, there was much work to be done. More beads of sweat had dripped from her wrists upon her papers. My goodness, this heat! Her long white coat was almost unbearable in this weather, and even worse was her underwear, whose material was surely saturated solely with sweat by now. Well, she couldn’t do without either, but scowled at knowing the other ladies suffered only by the coat.

A knock appeared at the door, and before Cynthia could go to answer it, it was accompanied by a rattling crank at the locked doorknob.

“Coming!” She hurried over as fast as her low heels would allow and undid the lock, opening the door to reveal a disheveled-haired woman wearing a crumpled green jacket and fatigues. A cigarette was burning between the woman’s teeth, and she did not put it out as she strode up the cabin’s steps, drawing herself to a full height, a head taller than Cynthia.

Cynthia was taken aback. “And you would be?” There was no rank insignia and no patch upon the stranger’s jacket.

“Simm’ns”. She finally pulled out the smoke.

Simmons, Simmons. “Oh! Major Simmons!” The decorated ace of the one-thirty-eighth, with twelve confirmed kills over Bulgaria. Wasn’t it Simmons who brought down the Russian flightsuit, that she personally had examined? Regardless, she’d only ever seen her in a crisp dress uniform, and it jarred Cynthia now to see Simmons here and in this state.

“So, Major Simmons, I can help you now with your equipment, ma’am. Erm, this will go on under the suit across your stomach; I have that for you here, and then the suit should be pulled on over you. These will go on over. Here’s the manual, Major Simmons”

“Jo, if you like”.

“You may find it better to step behind the curtain for the next step, Major. Our guidelines are that you replace your current undergarments with these… They’re for the female anatomy, you see, for collecting waste in these here long missions, yes, all test pilots for today should wear these...”

The major picked up and unfolded the white trunks towards which Cynthia gestured, and shot a glance over her shoulder. “You’re making me wear a diaper?”

“Oh no, I’m sure you’ll find that these aren’t quite, yes! We’ve engineered to a very high standard – they work by airflow, and are fitted these just for your body, so that it’s very light and comfortable, yes, I’m sure you will feel no different from your…”

“I’ll wear it.” Cynthia couldn’t tell if Simmons was convinced, but she obliged in pulling back the curtain and changing herself into the flightsuit. She turned her back towards the major and walked back to her desk, and only then noticed that her face was tingling with blush.

A diaper! Really! The spiel about the Disposable Absorbent Containment Trunks was all true; the trunks were indeed a culmination of hours in the lab perfecting a novel polymer compound and its packaging. Cynthia had been religious in ensuring that the garment would be as non-restricting as possible, so further removing any resemblance to a baby’s diaper. And yet, well…

It was an affront to more than her scientific prowess—for as she spoke, Cynthia was herself wearing the trunks – diaper– that she had designed for Major Josephine Simmons. They didn’t fit perfectly on her slighter waist, but she necessarily donned one each morning, as she had today behind the curtain in the cabin. With her position in FSG, she could procure the garments easily, and so an extra pair was tucked away in a zippered compartment of her handbag. There was but a small solace in needing not to draw from it often.

Her thoughts were broken by Simmons’s voice. “Finished.” From behind the curtain emerged the Major, fully suited in her equipment.

“Oh, oh, yes. I’ll need to perform some checks now.” She scanned across all the fastenings in the mess of tubes and straps. “Everything correct”.

“Thank you”. Major Simmons swung the door back into its frame with a crash that rattled the cabin.

I should go now, too. All the papers were complete, cross-checked twice, and neatly tucked into their manila folders. With one hand, Cynthia picked up her clipboard, and with the other, lifted her carrying case by its leather handle. To the jeep! She pushed opened the door, to be assailed immediately by the scorching sun. A cloud of fine dust, ejected from the tracks of vehicles in the distance, permeated her nostrils and throat, and elicited from her a series of sharp coughs as she disembarked the three wooden steps. And with each heave of her lungs, Cynthia leaked into her trunks a few errant spurts of urine. But so quickly did the padding whisk the moisture away, that she was none the wiser.

It would be hours later before Cynthia could return to the cabin, fully exhausted from her ordeal in the scorching heat. She’d drunk cup after cup of water in the sweltering tent, and upon each visit to the bathroom found her DACT’s padding more and more dampened by another series of leaks she’d been too absorbed in work to notice. There was no opportunity throughout to retrieve a change, though in truth, she had never noticed the need for one. Lucky, too, for now was a fully unsuitable time.

“Major Simmons, did you find the suit to cause any discomfort? Were there new stresses during maneuvers?”

“No, and no. It’s enough for the plane. Though, I’m cooking in here”.

“Ah, yes, I’m afraid that there might be an added thickness to the suit – it’s because of the extra pressure we need for the G’s. Let’s see… do you notice a decrease in mobility? Erm, here, on the ground?”

“A bit, maybe. Don’t think it’s a problem”.

Cynthia turned towards her clipboard, and creased her eyebrows at the dismal handwriting of her cursive upon the paper. Major Simmons had insisted on walking back posthaste, and Cynthia was in no position to refuse on grounds of wanting a desk. The consequence was the near-illegible script of writing while walking. Moreover, she needed the restroom and none were in sight.

Gosh, that champagne went right through me. She made no mention of her predicament to the major, who had again produced and lit a cigarette, and answered further questions with the stick clenched between her teeth. Onward Cynthia trudged, probing and jotting and cross-referencing, all while her discomfort increased as her bladder filled. The cabin seemed miles away still, just a dot in the horizon while the heavy pressure mounted painfully upon her abdomen. Unconsciously, her pace increased. Each step was a jolt to her full bladder, approaching now its breaking point. A brief spurt of urine escaped into the padding, and this time, Cynthia was cognizant of each torturous drop. She toyed momentarily with the notion of fully emptying herself into the waiting padding, before quickly realizing that the trunks could in no way contain the saturation.

There was no other option. “Erm… Major… could we pause, now, for a moment?”

“What’s that?” The tall woman furrowed her brow. “What for?”

“I… ah… I need to relieve myself...”

Jo didn’t bat an eyebrow. “Ditch’s over there. Nobody’s around”.

Cynthia could’ve hoped for nothing better than the easygoing soldier’s mannerisms, but her face was still a burning beet red as she turned toward the divot. She shot a brief glance over to Major Simmons, and saw only the pilot’s backside, framed by a few wisps of smoke rising and disappearing in the sunset. Only after walking twenty paces away from the woman did Cynthia dare to stop and squat down, loosen her belt and lower her slacks, and then grasp the legs of her skin-hugging DACT to pull them just away from her crotch. Any encumbrance her nervosity might have provided was overcome by sheer desperation as the torrent of urine flowed readily out her bladder and onto the ground, coalescing into a puddle in the sand. She shifted around in her squat to avoid stepping on her urine, but with the trunks at her thighs, could only move with an awkward waddle.

When done, Cynthia realized suddenly the lack of any article to wipe with, followed quickly with the fresh realization that she could do without doing so. But the notion seemed disgusting, that she would willingly use the – diaper – at her thighs. She looked down upon her trunks’ padding, and surmised quickly from the swollen and yellowed fabric that her escapade had likely saved herself from another embarrassment. With a sigh, she brought herself to her feet.

“You’re finished?” Hearing the voice felt like a shock coursing throughout her body. Cynthia’s glance shot up immediately towards the major, and to her abject horror found the woman’s bored eyes locked with hers. She almost screamed, but managed only a yelp as she rapidly doubled over herself, furiously covering her lower half from view.

“Damn! Sorry!” For her part, Jo had wrenched her body back around with the first glance of the lady, and nearly inhaled her cigarette with the first sharp breath. She bit and chewed upon the filter while waiting for the crunching footsteps to draw nearer, and spoke not a word as she began her walk towards the cabin, with eyes averted from the short woman walking besides her. There was a lot for her to digest.

Cynthia reciprocated the major’s refusal for acknowledgment. Her breaths were short and sharp, drawing in the acrid tobacco of the burning cigarette with each inhale. Oh god, oh god, did she see? All her work in miniaturizing the DACT could not have saved her from feeling the sodden padding between her thighs at each step, as though all the embarrassment she had ever felt at her incontinence rose from within and was stirred anew. There was a helpless anger, too, a why me? that echoed in her head until it was a relentless pound that erased time and the present.

“Gonna change now”. Without realizing it, Cynthia had carried herself to the doorstep of the cabin. She wanted anything but to look at the pilot, but steeled herself to create a facade of full causality, and forced her eyes towards Josephine Simmons’s. “Y-yes, your clothes should still be on the cot”.

“Okay”. There was nothing amiss in that voice, no indication that she had seen anything in that split-second encounter. It was enough to assuage Cynthia, so consumed had she been by the scorching embarrassment. I did cover myself enough. After all, how much could she have seen? She collapsed into her canvas chair, exhausted from the day and the experience. And so what if she did see? I’ll never meet her again.

“Have an ashtray?” Major Simmons was back in her sloppy fatigues, and had thrown aside the curtain to face the seated scientist, with a butt between her fingers.

“Oh, I don’t smoke. Can you throw it outside?”

“Mm”. Jo strode two steps towards the door and opened a crack just wide enough to flick her butt out of. Just as quickly, she closed the door into its unpainted frame, and turned to face the seated woman with her hand still resting upon the brass knob. A grin cracked over her face.

“Not diapers, huh?”

Cynthia’s heart sank and her face washed over instantly with a pale blush. “N-no…?” There was no conviction in her voice.

The pilot cocked her head and furrowed her brow. “That so?” She drew a step closer. “Just underwear, right? That’s why you’re wearing one?”

No, no, why me, why me? She almost wanted to cry, but knew that doing so would only humiliate her further. Well, well, oh god, what should I do?

She squeezed her eyes shut. “If you must… know…” Her voice was barely a whimper. “I’ve… a use for them… myself”.

“Government property, isn’t it? Embezzlement? Hell, there’s too much of that. You know what I oughta do?”

Oh god, is she serious? Cynthia opened her eyes again to reveal the pilot’s humorless face, one befitting of an ace and major in the Air Force. The perfect soldier, just as promised, and now her own abrogations would be brought to justice. No, no, will she -?

But Major Simmons had no intention of waiting for Cynthia to cry a pleading protest. “Now, Miss, I’ll cut you a deal. I’m tired of seeing cockpits to clean after shooting some Russkies. Well, maybe they’ve got the same issues as you. Want to help me?”

What’s this now? I…

“Of course, of course!” She’d no need to finish her thought.

“Hope you’re good at secrets. I’ll send you an order.”

The paleness was receding from Cynthia’s face, leaving only a burning blush. “M-major, you’ll keep everything here in this room, right? May I … may I have some... leniency?”

Jo rolled her shoulders. “Sure”.

___

Fletcher Synthetics Group, PW10372D1

File of Dr. Cynthia Elizabeth Bell

CLASSIFIED

Absorbent Article For Use In Variable-G Environments

An absorbent article contained within a flexible chassis with a thin, flexible absorbent core, body-facing liquid permeable topsheet, waterproof backsheet. Design of the chassis comprises the front and rear of the waist, and the upper portion of both legs, joined by seams to open at waist front.

The objective of the design revision is to utilize the entire capacity of absorbent material. Previously, an excess of material necessitated a thick article not conforming well to the body and limiting application of air-flow system as described in PC5028. In general, the distribution of liquid along the article follows a circular pattern, causing overburden to material at the article’s sides without usage of end regions. A remedy is the introduction of rigid structure to the garment, however, the current construction of absorbent articles precludes the concentration of material in any area without rigid support.

Personal note D.A.C.T. leaks most commonly when in sitting position probably because of body weight on absorbent portion. elastic gathers near legs prevents some of the leaks but is uncomfortable even when not moving. +on a fitted frame would compress and be useless too

Thus, there is a need for added members in construction facilitating the transfer of liquids vertically alongside the article towards outwards areas of the article. A semi-permeable prewoven film is arranged along the absorbent material behind and ahead of areas of saturation. The hydrophobic element prevents liquid permeation beyond a depth of absorbent material at regions adjacent to areas of saturation, until expansion of absorbent material increases permeability of the additional member. When article is used, the semi-permeable element precludes quick absorption in regions most immediate to the liquid and therefore transfers liquids to absorbent material along its length, making use of absorbent core in end regions.

Greater absorptive efficiency therefore allows for a lesser amount of absorbent material and thinner absorbent core. The resultant garment should therefore have greater potential to conform to the body and reduce leaks resultant from the bunching of used absorbent material.

D.A.C.T. made with same absorbent mat. and new film I don’t notice a change in the feeling of the underwear even sitting dry so film material is soft enough. I can feel “dry” for longer maybe by about one and one quarter hours. +more visible staining on the topsheet when changing OK and shows dispersion working. sometimes uncomfortable because of weight when not dry but can be fixed. should not be problem in use.

Thin absorbnt mat. new film

More comfortable to wear and I still dont notice film material. lasts as long but easier to move in plus feels lighter because liquid distributed. but more “wetness” can be felt when product is used, (I notice using it more now).

Approved jun19

The four turboprops had yet to stop spinning when Jo approached the goliath cargo plane and locked eyes with Hugh Reeves. He watched the stone-faced woman approach the ajar cargo door and stop just short of where it would kiss the runway. Even as they were separated by just the ramp’s length, not even shouting could drown out the engine’s roaring drone. There was nothing to do but stare while the Allison engines spooled down until they finally left the propellers whirling powerless in the air.

Jo made the first move and jumped onto the still-descending ramp. Hugh snapped into a quick salute upon seeing her rank. The major took three wordless steps up the metal door and stopped, and gave him a once-over without a single change in her expression.

“At ease, sergeant”.

Hugh lowered his arm. “What’cha need, ma’am?”

“Find me a carrying box that’s got ‘Simmons’ on the label. It’ll be green and metal. You can’t miss it.”

Groan. There had to be at least fifty packages just like that “But what’s ya rush?”

“Important things from above. I’d have to kill you if I told you”.

He wanted to laugh at the joke but bit his tongue upon realizing the major was serious. Without a word, he turned around into the cavernous belly and began to look around the packages stacked high under lashings.

When he returned minutes later with file box in hand, Hugh was already expecting reprisal from a royally angry major long past the edge of her patience. But she was still standing on the ramp with the same opaque scowl, only now she had a cigarette burning at the corner of her mouth. He breathed a sigh of relief and handed over the package to no acknowledgment.

“Shore is light, ain’t it?”

The major turned on a heel to glare at him. She said nothing. Hugh gulped and instinctively broke into another salute. Did that set her off?

She smirked and flicked the butt from her lips.

“Sure is.”

Jo turned again and walked away. Hugh lowered his salute and turned towards his packages. Not so bad, that major. She ain’t a bully. But hell, wasn’t she scary.

The squadron was kicking back and shooting the shit in the mess hall. Nothing would disturb Jo in her hut. She nevertheless scanned the small, curtainless windows as a precaution, and found nobody around. Only then did she turn back to her file box and unlock its lid. There it was, the express from Dover, neatly packed into a cardboard box stamped with the interlocked diamonds of FSG. Fifty pairs of trunks, fitted, as Missus Bell had said, specifically for Jo’s body. Her “special undergarments” that she had first worn on flying the Ultra Sabre, and that she wore since then on each and every mission. The last box’s supply was diminishing when she written to the States, and had almost vanished by the C-127’s arrival in the evening. But arrive they did, and just in time for the mission with the big bombers at 2253. Saved again.

With both hands, Jo slipped her green fatigues and white cotton panties off her legs. She reached into the file box and retrieved a folded white trunk, unfolded it quickly, and with her feet found the garment’s two legs. In one jerk she pulled the trunks up to her waist and covered them just as quickly with the green fatigues. She bent down, locked the green metal box, slipped the brass key between her mattress and metal bedframe, and slid the entire container underneath her bed and out of sight of any visitors to her hut.

The fifteen jets and fourteen bombers were high over Czechslovakian sky, and the sun long ago fallen behind the horizon, when the first blip on the radar appeared. “Bogey to our one o’clock”. Jo pushed her throttle, and the Pratt & Whitney responded with an afterburner’s roar, pressing her back into the seat as the lumbering bombers receded and vanished from her sight. The Union’s jets were screaming through the air at nearly Mach two when the second blip appeared on the radar, followed by a third, fourth, and fifth.

Jo’s heart was steeled and her consciousness wholly contained in her eyes and trigger finger as she screamed towards the dogfight enveloped by her engine’s thunderous roar. The green glowing dots on her canopy were moving towards the radar’s center, on a collision course with the Minutemen, ready to fight and die at the Americans’ hands. Her eyes left the display and began scanning the sky. Her arms twitched, ready to pull the control stick towards the first communist that appeared. The world had but fallen silent.

“Visual! Visual at three o’clock!” Clayton’s scream was loud and distorted and irritatingly piercing but could not hope to brake Jo’s dead-set concentration. She was a machine pulling her plane in a smooth but unbelievably quick roll towards the orange flicker of jet exhaust out-shining all the stars in the sky. The target grew from a speck into a splotch on her canopy and began to move with quick, deliberate motion as it drew ever-closer. Her hands moved to the trigger.

“I have radar and visual on target, three miles out, on my eleven o’clock, firing missile.” Calm, collected, monotonous, and conveying to all her squadron that the kill was but secured. Two Sparrows shot through the inky sky en route towards the doomed fighter. Jo pulled back and left on her control stick, once again sucking herself into the seat, and bringing the plane high above striking range of the communists’ guns. One second, two second, three, and ahead appeared a burst and sheet of orange flame.

“Scratch one! Perfect shot!” Jo scowled, ignoring the whoops and cheers. She brought her weight down hard on the control stick, forcing the jet back down towards where the night sky was lit. The orange glow was still there, obscured by a curtain of smoke, moving in a rapid tremble. It was asynchronous with her jet’s judder. No, the bandit was not yet downed. Jo brought her jet in a quick rolling loop towards the engine glow, finger curled around the trigger. Her hand’s pressure on the stick relented as the target fell within fifty degrees of her guns, steadying the reticule on the canopy glass.

She could but make out the plane’s outline now, though the screen of billowing smoke. It was falling, lurching about in an attempt to stay airborne, not at all realizing that it was falling into the crosshairs of an American fighter. Jo aimed and pulled the trigger. The Sukhoi drowned into an ocean of American lead, and was in a fraction of a second torn apart in a ball of bright flame, disintegrating so fast that the pilot could never realize his own death.

The victorious Ultra Sabre pulled up sharply to rejoin its compatriots. Inside, Jo’s heartbeat relented and her focus softened. “Target destroyed.”

No sooner had Jo uttered the words that her cockpit reverberated with a furious volley of deafening bangs and her jet gave a huge, tortuous lurch, and screamed into her headset with the sounds of countless alarms. The jerk slammed her helmet into the canopy with such force that she saw stars. Her whole body tightened with a terror she’d never expected. She was utterly disconnected with the jet, blind to the hail of lethal fire. Without hesitation, she began to run her bladder and soak her undergarment’s waiting padding. Three more peals of penetration from a burst of Russian machine-cannon seemed to be the final nails in her coffin. Tears dripped from the corners of her eyes and her hands’ grip slackened. Her bowels gave out too as she messed herself into her trunks.

Major Jospehine Dolores Simmons’ plane flew but unguided for four agonizing, eternal seconds, even while a Sparrow’s blast reverberated behind her and struck another Sukhoi from the European sky. Then, a roar, a flash of an Ultra Sabre slicing across her canopy, then slowing in front of her and giving her full view of the turbojet’s orange exhaust. It was a beautiful sight.

The alarms, once melded into the clarion of death, regained their meaning. Her squadron’s barks over the headset became audible again. Jo could feel her body returning to her. She knew at once of her accident when she felt the hot piss pooled against her crotch. Her face, already flushed with relief, now filled red with disgust as she felt the moisture slowly dissipate and dry. How much did I piss myself? She couldn’t recall being this wet before.

“- smoking, Jo, you’se engine’s smoking!” That was Powers. …tell me something I didn’t know.

“You gotta go! Go back!” He was right. The control was a Christmas tree of warning lights all screaming that the jet was crippled. At this rate, any landing at all would be good going. Barring that, she could bail out of the plane over Belgium and hope for the best.

“Bravo three, vectoring for base, over.” The bombers would have to go on without her. She yanked on the control stick and felt the plane protest at the simple maneuver. Fuck…damned hell.

“Affirmativ-” Not half a second after the radio cut, a huge black silhouette shot past Jo’s canopy in a fiery tumble. Her heart leapt, and almost burst with utter shock as the object suddenly exploded with a horrible roar punctuated with the screeching creak of twisting metal. A cacophony of shrapnel raked the underside of Jo’s jet. Her nerves were utterly shot; though she needed not feel the trepidation of possible death she was again stunned by fear. She felt every drop of her bladder’s remaining contents pour out and inundate her crotch with hot liquid, but felt no fiber of muscle that could stop the stream. Jo’s bladder was empty already by the time her composure fully returned and allowed her to grit her teeth, waiting for the flood of warmth to dry again, waiting and waiting until she finally noticed it. Her thighs and seat were wet.

It all came back to her in a wave of embarrassment. There was something different about putting on the underwear, and something different about fitting the g-suit, and something different about climbing into the jet. Moving had been too easy and too free. Jo was sure of it – her trunks’ padding was thinner and lighter. No wonder the first accident had felt – that way. The humiliation gave way to anger – Missus Bell will wish she’d never been born!

But until then, she could only guide her crippled jet towards Belgium while sitting in a rapidly cooling puddle of her own urine.

___

Fletcher Synthetics Group, PW10368B3

File of Dr. Cynthia Elizabeth Bell

CLASSIFIED

Absorbent Article For Use In Variable-G Environments

An absorbent core contained within a disposable absorbent article, contained between a liquid-permeable topsheet and liquid-impervious backsheet.

The design modification from previous reduces loss in absorbent efficacy produced as a result of typical bodily motion causing distortion of the article displacement away from the user. The forces exerted upon the article may cause unintended contortion of the absorbent core into shapes not suited for the collection of liquid with minimal leakage, or in extreme cases force previously contained liquid out of the absorbent core.

It is beneficial to provide an absorbent core intimate contact with the wearer as to not subject the core to twisting and bunching motion. However, the bodily motion of normal use make such a proposition difficult to accomplish with established absorbent material that may deform with the addition of weight or other stresses. Therefore, there is a need for an absorbent core constructed of novel material such that the absorbent core may be effectively held against a user’s body.

P.S. running or exercising means the core ends up being all twisted out of its place and I have to change (also could mean leaks if bunched up, even tho D.A.C.T. not fully used). pilots should have some similar contortions and problem should be worsened because of the extra G’s.

Accordingly, there is a need to produce an absorbent core of multiple constructions, that can both facilitate absorptive capability and enough rigidity to provide a fit allowing for greater body contact. A contoured section of liquid-permeable material is made integral to the topsheet and fitted for bodily topography more minute than what can be provided by the absorbent article’s chassis. The density of the material construction prevents contortion of the top, body-facing layer, while the more absorptive celluloid layer follows the shaping of the top layer, and is regardless not integral to the immediate absorptive action of the core.

Test 1 feels “wet” much quicker than last version (to be expected) from the smaller volume of the true absorbent core. not good enough for extended use. more comfortable and feels more snug, more like “regular” underwear because of a better fit. lasts just as long as prev. during exercise.

A further revision to the absorbent core construction should be made to remedy the decreased volume of absorbent material. A quantity of polymer-based material is arranged at the edge regions of the absorbent core, that do not need to absorb immediate quantities of liquid upon use of the absorbent core, but should still contain liquid as liquid is distributed along the core. The polymer material is suitable for its slower rate of absorption but greater liquid retention property. It is not made integral to regions of the garment, but the dense construction of the core ensures that the material is contained in desired areas.

2 absorbs more and D.A.C.T. still feels better than before topsheet changed. much easier to exercise for longer and now I can trust the “feeling” on the D.A.C.T. because it can absorb to the full capacity. light running for thirty minutes did not leak or bunch absorbent core and underwear was still usable after.

Nov03

Upon seeing the first silver jet’s wheels kiss the earth with quick screeches and puffs of smoke, the army of brightly-suited figured swarm like ants over the runway. They scour the skies for the procession of Ultra Sabres in this one’s wake that are to be attended to. Just this once, the air is not pregnant with the question of who had succumbed to the hellish Polish skies. The report had arrived at the tower already – clean sweep.

Only the mechanics refuse to share in the squadron's jubilation. They curse and light cigarettes, ready for another sixteen-hour shift working on the planes that will be shot up mere hours after all repairs are complete. The sleek warbirds had not escaped unscathed. Oily smoke billows from jet exhausts. Multicolored liquids drip from cowlings onto the tarmac below. Virtually every aircraft has been wracked with countless new perforations from flak and aircraft cannons.

North American was never shy about their alarms. For the entire flight back home from Poland, Jo was subjected to the merciless chimes of three different systems crying foul, none of which had any bearing on her ability to land the plane at base. Their cries were so incessant that she could just but shut them out of her mind. That much could not be said for her accident in the fray.

Jo wouldn’t have it any other way. She could never allow herself to have an accident and feel anything but utter disgust. But her special underwear was making that pursuit damned difficult. The DACT felt dry as as a bone after that fighter materialized to the right – even after Jo realized her bladder had become completely empty. For all Cynthia Bell’s wizardry, though, the trunks could do little to conceal the mess that Jo made when the flak grazed her plane. She’d sat in it the whole way back and wanted to puke each second of it.

The alarms finally fell silent as Jo completed her taxi and killed her plane’s engine, allowing the fans to wind their way down in the humid air. More than anything, she wanted to strip out of the sweaty g-suit and soiled DACT and jump into civvies. A nice long smoke and a glass of coke wouldn’t hurt either. With her fingers dancing over the switches that completed shutdown procedure, Jo was ready to jump out of the cockpit and back to sumptuous Air Force life. The cockpit opened and she brought herself over the fuselage sill, down the ladder that had been wheeled out by the team of scrawny boys.

“’Scuse me, ma’am, ‘scuse me!” There was a woman amidst them that Jo hadn’t noticed. A cook or a nurse, judging by her skinny arms. She was holding bundle of blue cloth. Trouble.

“That’s Major to you.” The girl balked at Jo’s angry growl. She’d shot the messenger.

“Well, erm, so… some big general-type came in from France. So, Colonel Gordon wants you in this.” She held out the bundle expectantly.

Parade uniform. Ridiculous and sweltering. “Only in the fucking Chair Force, right?”.

The girl just nodded, and as soon as Jo took the uniform, slunk away with her head lowered. Not a peep came from the ground crew as Jo crumpled the neatly folded cloth and stormed off to the hangar. She’d just known today’s luck wouldn’t last. Those pompous bastards wouldn’t ever let up.

Liz had already filed away her logs when Jo finally found the shade of the hangar.

“Hustle up, Jo, they want us to report in 10”.

“What the hell, where are we gonna change?”

"The hangar, for the boys.” Liz giggled and cocked a half-smile. “But I think I’ll do it in the bushes. Watch my six?”

“Fat chance. These goddamned papers.”

The lieutenant pouted. “Fine, then.” She leaned in over Jo’s shoulder. “By the way, Major, do you need any, ahem, parade pads?” She’d hardly finished the sentence before breaking into giggles again.

“What?”

“Nothing, nothing! But if you need them, they’re in my locker.”

Parade pads? Jo suddenly remembered the idle chatter from when she was in training. From when the parades were long, the days were hot, and the cadets had small bladders. She’d no problem making it through the ceremonies herself, but come to think of it, no doubt some of her squirming compatriots had come around with “protection”. Old habits die hard for them, huh?

But her smug smirk was wiped off her face upon realizing that she still had a soiled DACT to change. To make it worse, she’d no change of either panties or another DACT within a mile of her. A sprint back to the huts was out of the question, and so was asking somebody for a pair. Even changing into the uniform would be a struggle. It was either running the risk of a wandering pilot seeing the soiled trunks, or the disgusting outhouse. Damned hell.

She emerged three minutes and seven second later clad in the blue blouse and skirt aborning each ray of the sun and passing the heat onto brass buttons that would be untouchable in half an hour. Her head baked under the jauntily tilted cap, and her broad feet chafed in the too-narrow leather flats. At least the squadron shared in her irritation at Brigadier General Medina’s visit, and implicit bequest that they bake alive under the hot summer sun.

With her focus drawn to absolutely nothing in the forever wait, Jo couldn’t help but become gradually aware of the slight twinge in her bladder. Too much water on the way back. She regretted forgoing using the outhouse while she changed, in reluctance to pulling down the soiled trunks without cleaning. But now there was nothing to do but hope the ceremony would be over soon.

In due time, the jeep pulled onto the tarmac, the bugles played, and the flags were flown. A doddering man with salt-and-pepper hair walked with arrogant righteousness in front of the stoic soldiers, trying his best to find a fault to turn his nose up at. Half the squadron didn’t know his name and the other half regretted to have learned it, but none broke their stonefaced gaze as the crisply uniformed man went about his impossibly slow inspection. All the while Jo was sweating bullets into the smothering fabric, but noticed most of all the thick padding of her DACT that drenched her crotch in a heavy sweat. If she could feel no moisture earlier, she could certainly feel it now.

She barked orders at her subordinates without her heart in it. Each marching step made it all the more obvious that there was a mess in the back of her underwear. Each passing second put more pressure on her already swollen bladder. All the while the sun’s rays sucked the life from each pilot in the squadron. Jo pirouetted on her heel to face the neat rows of blue, searching their expressions for any indication that her predicament had been noticed. But she found only faces of sculpted stone, betraying no sign of anything amiss, no glimmer of anybody who sharing her urgent need for relief.

She set her eyes on curly-haired Liz, knowing full well that the sergeant had probably made use of her “parade pad”, and realized that any number of the ladies could have taken up Liz’s offer. Jo scowled. In the skies, those girls could hold their water no better than she; it was little wonder that they would need the protection just to get through this ceremony. But Jo had made sure they all knew that hell would freeze over before Major Simmons would think of doing the same.

Cut the crap and scat, you old bastard! By now, her bladder’s howl had made even the heat seem bearable. She could hear each slow, dignified step of the old man behind her but dared not turn her head and break formation. Just a few more paces back to his jeep and this whole damned charade would finish, and everybody could go back to the cool mess hall. Her jaw clenched in anticipation. The old man was at her side now, still walking that pompous walk back towards the rickety jeep. Can he be any slower? He stopped and turned, in a pirouette that rivaled the Earth’s rotation in speed.

“Major Simmons! Report to the base!”

Jo almost wet herself right there and then. It took all her effort and then some to reign in her bladder from the jaws of defeat, and bark a grimaced “Yes, sir!”. Behind, her subordinates let out a collective sigh of relief at their dismissal. Damned to fucking hell! So close, but her battle had still more to be fought. The son of a bitch just wouldn’t let her catch a break today.

Every step she took at Medina’s pace was a round of torture, threatening to let loose every last drop of pee from her bursting belly. She had no inkling of if she could make it to the base or not. Prayer and her whole body’s effort kept her at least dry throughout the endless trek. Grabbing the doorknob and being assailed with the blast of cold indoors air stole away her mind for a tenth of a second – all that was needed for a hot trickle of pee to escape into the padding below. The searing stream dropped her stomach, and it took Jo every fiber of her being to stop before she soaked herself. When the door closed behind the general, her face was red and new beads of sweat had appeared on her forehead. I’ll blame it on the heat.

The general and his lieutenant sat her down in a spartan room adorned with only a faded map and chalkboard. Jo only just managed to stay dry in the motion of sitting on the black folding chair. Her legs were clenched tightly together, and her body leaned all the way on the metal seat’s edge. The folds of her skirt fell around her lap, covering even the obvious white cotton of the DACT from anybody’s view. Not that Jo had any mind to think about that, or even notice that she had set all her weight upon the mess that was still in the trunks.

Medina’s pleasantries were torture. The thought of easing half her bladder into the trunks bounced in her mind, but Jo knew she was past the point where she could stop the torrent of urine that was sure to escape if she let go. Besides, she could not gauge how much more the trunks could hold after her first accident in the air. The fabric didn’t feel too wet, but in this position, the heavy padding was pulled away from her. She thought back to when she put the trunks on, how they hugged her figure almost like a pair of panties, and she wondered how much weight she had gained to make them fit like that. That feeling was gone now.

“...and for the courageous service and great discipline of your squadron, it is my honor to offer every pilot a bonus of seven hundred dollars, effective today.”

“Very good, General…” Shit. She shot a glance towards the old man’s lapel. “Gordon”. Saved- Her jubilation was cut short by the realization that in the brief moment, her bladder’s tenuous hold had finally given up. Her eyes widened as she felt the long torrent of urine escape her body and into the DACT, to be collected by padding that she could not feel against her. But in that moment she could spare no concentration towards that thought. The silence was hanging heavy. “I… shall inform my men”. The words came out in a slow, labored growl. All the while the long stream of hot piss was still pouring from crotch. She bit her tongue and cheeks to avoid turning red.

General Gordon furrowed his brow. “Then I shall take my leave. Once again, I congratulate you and your men for your fight for God and our great country”. The words did not resonate with Jo at all. She had finally regained her continence, only to find that she had just about emptied herself into the DACT. Not even into – onto. She leaned back in her seat, and suddenly felt the consequences of her accident. The mortifying horror of feeling the warm wetness all over her rear, along the fabric of her trunks where pee would not be absorbed. There was the padding, held against her – this time, the trunks had swollen enough to again fit tightly against her body, only now the wetness was obvious. The DACT had failed her now, in the worst of all times.

Her face wanted to burn a bright red but Jo had set herself to pretending that nothing had happened. The general and lieutenant seemingly noticed nothing as they stood up. She did not dare to look down and inspect her seat, for fear of drawing the officers’ eyes towards her crotch. Something to distract, quick! It would be Lucky Strikes to save her this time.

“Want a cig?”

Gordon turned his nose up. “Oh, I don’t smoke. The tastes revolts me”. His lieutenant said nothing. They began their shuffle out the door. Jo’s heart dropped and stood still as they shuffled past, without a word on their lips. Their eyes crawled past her, past her seat, and into the hallway. Only then did the dare to stand up and found in the shiny meat a liquid imprint in her seat. A brush to the back of her short skirt found a spot of wetness, but a glance down revealed nothing on the front. Salvation. Just as long as she stayed behind the duo.

The walk to the jeep was longer than the walk from it. All the men had deserted the tarmac in the time she had been away, but her eyes could not stop darting around in a search for anybody that might notice her accident. Jo had never felt such joy at the sun’s beating heat, in her hope that the rays would be quick to dry up her pee. Even so, she dared not turn around from behind the general until their jeep had but disappeared into the distance. Only then could she set her racing mind towards what to do now.

She wanted with all her heart to dash toward her hut, strip out of everything and forget this whole day, but suddenly remembered that little puddle of pee on the seat, that she would have to wipe away before anybody could string together what she had done in that meeting. With the thought of having to beat everybody there, Jo broke into a run, flats and all, but stopped abrupt upon feeling the extra motion work a hot trickle down her leg. She blushed a deep red as all the embarrassment flowed up and emptied into her chest, and resigned herself to a careful and deliberate walk back towards the scene of her accident.

Past the glass doors, pass the blast of cold air. Jo scanned the hall quickly and found no sign of activity since she left. With little relief, she dashed into the ladies’ room, scampering for some paper to clean up with. The grimy room was deserted, and seemed to have been for quite a while. Only Jo’s hurried footsteps broke the silence as she hurried herself into a stall and shut the door behind her.

A wad of toilet paper would have to do for cleanup. After stuffing the bundle of one-ply into her skirt pocket, Jo found the realization that even her accident from earlier had not fully emptied her. With the leaking DACT still on her mind, she didn’t hesitate to squat over the toilet and relieve herself, only to realize that she’d still no panties to change herself into. Son of a fucking bitch. Now, she was faced with putting the still-soiled trunks back on again or going commando for the walk back to the huts.

It was an all too easy choice to make, but Jo’s face was still flushed a bright red as she cleaned herself up as best she could with the toilet paper. She turned to flush the toilet with the jug of blue liquid, and immediately found that she had no place to throw away her soiled DACT. No way the liquid was strong enough to dissolve the trunks, but Jo also had no intention leaving the stall and tossing it somewhere discreet. With resignation, she balled up the sodden padding and stuffed it into the small trash receptacle on the wall, finding that the canister couldn’t even close properly with evidence of her accident disposed of. It would have to do.

I wasted to much time in there. Jo bounded down the empty hallways, her unclothed crotch be damned, on her way to the room where she’d wet herself. Mercifully, the room was empty. It was unimaginable to her that she could be so happy upon finding her own puddle of urine, but there it was – the proof that her accident had not been discovered. A quick wipe with the wad of toilet paper removed the evidence, and she was out the room in the blink of an eye, ready to send the last vestige of her accident into the septic tank. The bathroom was right down the hall; she walked briskly and with purpose towards it, almost running to be free of what she’d done. She was only a few steps away when it happened – the door to the bathroom suddenly swung open. Her heart leapt and her steps screeched to a halt; had she not been to the toilet earlier, the cocktail of relief and sudden surprise might have worked a few drops of urine straight onto the linoleum floor below.

“Heya, Jo? What’cha doing here?” Liz! The last person Jo wanted to see.

“Just finishing some… paperwork. From… my meeting.” She was suddenly aware of the clump of wet toilet paper she was holding, thankfully hidden behind her back.

The girl giggled. “Oh? Hey, hey, is it bring your kid to work day? You won’t believe what somebody put in the garbage can! I found a baby’s diaper! A lady must’a changed their kid but she just dumped it right there! Hey, do we know which lady had a baby?”

Jo’s heart stopped. “Oh… erm… strange….”

Liz squinted, but her mouth didn’t stop. “Did’ja see anybody creepin’ around here?”

“No…”

“Oh, oh, was it you? Wait, before the parade… Hey, it wasn’t you wearing that, could it be?”

“Q-quit it.” Jo grimaced at the waver in her voice betraying her forced stoic expression. She prayed that Liz wouldn’t notice.

The young woman seemed none the wiser. “Aw, you’re breaking my heart! You can always tell me anything! See ya!” She did an exaggerated hop and pirouette and skipped out the door.

Jo was finally left alone, fully commando, clutching a wad of toilet paper soaked with her own pee, and with a face once again completely flushed with humiliation.

Fucking Liz… she’d… better keep her mouth shut.

*004*2020-09-07 00:27

Bonus chapter.

Her jet touched down, shot full of holes and bleeding its last drops of fuel, at 1100. At 0130 she had been dragged from bed with hardly a spark of life. At 0215 she had been strapped into a bombers’ jumpseat and coaxed herself to sleep. Not thirty minutes later she was awake again. Over fourteen grueling hours, each one of her attempts at falling into deep sleep was shattered by the utterly deafening mechanical screams of the lumbering plane floundering and struggling in disagreeable air. By the time that sunlight first appeared through the array of windows, she was ready to brutalize the bombers’ moronic designers through the most painful means available, and had gained a newfound appreciation for the poor saps tasked with flying the pigs.

She arrived in Virginia with hardly the strength to open her eyes, let alone the will to drag herself across an endless tarmac and up the steps of a rickety bus. The next few days were a blur of tedium, through which she had not spent a moment without being tired, cramped, hungry, or thirsty, all topped with a mind-numbing boredom punctuated only by the bus’s myriad creaks and groans. By the time she had stepped off the diamond-plate steps, she was drenched in sweat from the uncontested desert heat and hadn’t brushed her teeth in days.

All that had been forgotten as soon as Major Jo Simmons sat herself behind the jet’s stick and sent it soaring into the California sky. It was a stunner from any angle on the ground, but that beauty paled in comparison to what could be experienced from inside the cockpit. Never had she experienced the raw, unbridled power of the two screaming turbojets, and harnessed so delicately. Even at Mach 1.5, the gleaming white jet still felt just like an extension of her limbs, urging her to push harder against the silver Lockheeds acting as her hapless targets. Their pilots, flying the same plane Jo had left behind in a French hangar, found their flanks utterly dominated by the new Canadian jets. Her radio chatter buzzed with cries of astonishment.

The Avro Arrow’s prowess was plain to see for the civilian observers on the ground. Generals in crisp dress uniform chatted with bespectacled engineers beaming with pride at their accomplishment. Inside the tents men in suits were holding hushed conversations over untouched champagne, calculating on napkins the size of the slice they would ask to cut from the Treasury. Men in greasy coveralls milled about in the distance, chewing on their tobacco and heartily laughing at each others’ crude jokes. Hearty food on wooden tables and curvy cans of Coke sat alongside metal lunch pails. The scene was complete – save for, to Dr. Cynthia Bell’s dismay, a bathroom.

Oh, just why must they forget these things!? She’d been pouring sweat off her back all morning but her bladder had filled nevertheless. Now she was on a frantic run to prevent herself from making her slacks as wet as her blouse. That gangly young man had kept her tied up in a droning conversation for far too long. Just why couldn’t he knock it off!? Her bladder had almost leaked a few times before she finally fled, and was then forced to bounce around the few unoccupied men asking for the outhouse. She hoped she hadn’t been too obvious with her desperation. Just why hadn’t I asked for it earlier!?

The little shack beckoned her in the shimmering distance. It was still seemingly an eternity away, while with each passing second Cynthia felt just drops away from wetting herself right then and there. Running in her long coat was difficult and the heat was overbearing, but all she could think of was clamping down on her bladder between each hurried step. She pleaded for her bladder to hold its liquids now, for just one spurt could make her have an uncontrollable accident. Little did she know that already between every couple steps a few drops of pee were leaking past her control.

A pair of cotton panties would have been long soaked by now. Cynthia was not wearing a pair of cotton panties. Her hours in the lab developing FSG’s Disposable Absorbent Containment Garment had found their way into keeping her pants dry every day. The padding she had designed almost instantly wicked away the warm wetness and quickly absorbed it into a light and thin gel core. Nobody, not even herself, would have to know about her little leakage woes. Just as she’d designed, she was be none the wiser to her bladder’s drips.

Against all odds, Cynthia made it to the final stretch of her desperate struggle, helped by her bladders’ slight releases of pressure. Had all her clothes not been damp and heavy from sweat she might have noticed the wetness in her padding. But as she triumphantly strode toward the outhouses, in her mind, the underwear was but completely dry. I won’t have to change! She smiled at her improving control. Maybe one day she wouldn’t have to wear the DACT. Despite everything, it was still embarrassing to go around in – in a diaper.

All the happiness was wiped from her mind when the tarnished brass doorknob in her hand clicked without turning. Locked!? NO! Her mind screamed silently as her heart sank, down, down, right into her bladder which spasmed in surprise. No! Not now! She gritted her teeth in pain and frustration as a long stream of pee began to pour out of her bladder. No! With all her might, she furiously twisted the useless, horrible doorknob, all the while feeling in horror as the wetness spread along her crotch. With a sudden bang, the latch let go, swinging the door open to reveal an empty outhouse. Cynthia almost gasped in surprise and yanked down her pants, underwear and all, to her knees, while just about throwing herself onto the toilet seat. The stream of pee hit the bowl with a torrential roar. She suddenly realized she’d left the door open.

Worse, she’d forgotten to bring a change.

Fourteen thousand feet above, where Jo Simmons was still enraptured by her delectable jet’s ballet, the hours of hydration were also getting to her. The spiderweb of belts and harnesses pressing against every surface of her body were not helping her tear her attention away from the call of nature, growing louder by the second. It was high time that she used the folded-up protection provided in her locker. And after thousands of hours in flights just like these and with the same article of protection, Jo had no trouble relieving herself while in the air. As her plane climbed up to the heavens away from the silver jets, the Major casually emptied her bladder into the DACT’s waiting padding. It was only after peeing for a few seconds that the warm wetness began to pool at her crotch, and just a few seconds after she’d finished, the sensation was gone again. Business as usual. She pushed her stick down to begin her dive – and noticed a streak of hot piss sneak onto her inner thigh.

Crap! Waited too long. Jo blushed and shot a glance down to inspect her seat, and found nothing on her flightsuit. In the hot cockpit the wetness would dry in a second. Anyways, the DACT wouldn’t see any more use for today with landing coming up fast. She brought her gaze back to her controls and purged the little leak from her mind.

Satisfying the congregation of furiously writing scientists behind clipboards was never Jo’s idea of a fun time, even when the eggheads had made a machine as magnificent as the Arrow. She made little effort to hide her impatience with the brainiacs’ thousands of stupid questions, hoping to rush through the revolving door of surveys as quickly as possible before the food ran out. Meanwhile, the grumbling pilots selected to pilot the old Lockheeds were already home free on buses taking them to pork ribs and coke. Lucky bastards.

She’d lost count of how many old men and women had come up to her and hurriedly left after a few rapid-fire questions. There couldn’t be many more. She began to scan around the room, checking to make sure that all the other pilots were doing their part in rushing the debriefings so that the bus could leave. And there she saw it, talking to Luciano, a woman that she somehow recognized but couldn’t place. Her voice was somehow familiar as well. Who is she?

“Engine trim control was all OK?”

“Yeah.”

I didn’t talk to her earlier...

“And how about the throttles, no sticking?”

“None.”

I don’t think she’s been on base…

“Any sticking on the joystick?”

“Joystick? Oh – none.”

Control stick. That’s right, I need to change…

The realization hit Jo instantly. That was the woman behind her secret shipments. She was keeping up her end of the deal with those green boxes full of the DACTs that Jo wore into combat. The same ones that she’d put on this morning… and had leaked on me. And it was far from the first time that a DACT had failed Jo. Especially in the recent few months.

I’ve been fixing to talk to her for a long time.

She breezed through what few questions she had left to answer without taking her eyes off the lady. Once the man was done, she practically pushed him aside, and marched right to Luciano while he rattled off his own last few answers.

“Ready to go, Simmons?”

“Luciano – I’ve got to fix a problem. Tell the driver I won’t be coming.”

“Aw, shucks. I’ll save you a rib.”

He turned and strode off, leaving Jo facing the lady. She looked up from her clipboard.

“Can I help you?” Any doubts in Jo’s mind were erased when just as the lady finished her sentence, her eyes lit and she flinched heavily. She turned back towards her clipboard without saying a word, but there was an unmistakable tinge on her face. I found her.

“I gotta talk. In the hangar. Follow me.”

“Is… something the matter, Major?” Her voice was shaky.

“Your name?”

“Cynthia… Bell”. So that’s her name.

“I’d almost forgotten.”

Miss Bell did not respond. That was alright for Jo, who led the rest of the wordless walk back into the hangar. She entered the changing rooms and found the lights already out without any sign of life remaining. There was nobody but herself and Cynthia. It’ll do. She flicked the lights on.

“Good that you kept up my deal.”

“Oh… you’re, you’re very welcome….Major Simmons. Not… not a soul knows”.

Jo didn’t wait for her to finish. “There’s an issue with my equipment.”

“There… there what?” Miss Bell’s voice was wavering.

“Cut the crap. Leaks…I have more to clean. Something’s wrong. What happened?”

“I… I really… I don’t…”

Jo groaned and creased her eyes in frustration. “You’re in charge! What the hell are you doing!” She yelled it right into Cynthia Bell’s face and slammed the locker behind her with a bang. It’ll rattle her.

