The Great Lord

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-09-28 14:08

Hey guys <3 Hope you enjoy and as usual any feedback is always appreciated :) Also quick disclaimer and warning: i apologize if what i have written in Finnish is incorrect, i'm not a native Fin and i'm only learning and its the only other language i kinda know :P Also as the tags would suggest there is messing so you have been warned :). Hope you enjoy <3

As Zoey’s horse ambled through the thick mud of the English countryside, she wondered why she was here. She asked herself why she married a man like Adam, a man more interested in war and killing than love and family. But then she remembered, he was rich, vastly rich in fact and that the marriage was arranged by her father as a convenience to protect his own lands from Adam and his band of savage killers. But despite the wealth she had and the style they lived in, she was not happy.

Life was a chore for Zoey. Most women work the land, or bring up children but not Zoey. Her future was determined by Adam, and right now they were on route to a summit with a very powerful lord. She enjoyed the lavish dinners and the fancy outfits she could wear but she was not built for travelling endless miles on horseback, especially at the pace Adam and his savages set.

The weather was dreadful at best and unbearable at its worst. Rain had battered the land for days on end and the once green and pleasant fields were now reduced to quagmires. Most normal people were sheltered in their homes in front of a roaring fire and that is where Zoey desired to be. But alas, they were miles from their home but fortunately for Zoey they were not too far away from the great lord’s castle.

“All right lads, we’ll stop here for a minute. Water the horses and we’ll be off again. I don’t want to be stationary for long.”

The voice surprised Zoey as they had been riding in silence for a long period of time, but she was glad for the break as she needed to empty her bladder. The rough terrain and continuous bouncing had taken its toll.

As she climbed off her horse she noticed her panties were wet. This wasn’t surprising to Zoey, for whatever reason her bladder control was very poor and to come away with just a small wet spot was a good result for her. Adam resented her for her bladder troubles and often forced her to sleep in a bed by herself, he didn’t enjoy waking up covered in his wife’s wee. Ultimately that is why he had invested in the latest technology of the age; panties. Panties were a new concept and not widely understood, Adam believed they were waterproof which is why he purchased them in the first place, he was mistaken.

Zoey found a small clearing where she was sheltered from the eyes of the men, pulled down her woollen trousers and black panties and squatted to relieve herself. Her stream was strong and fast and thundered into the turf below. She peed for a moment of two and then pulled up her clothing without wiping and walked on back to her horse.

“You and your fucking bladder. I wanted to be away, what took so long?” Adam demanded of his wife.

“It’s not as simple for women to piss outside, we can’t just lob out a cock and start pissing at will. Or aren’t you aware of how the female anatomy is different?” Zoey responded with acid in her tone. The men laughed and so did Adam.

“You have a tongue on you, I’ll give you that.”

Zoey said nothing.

Adam helped her onto her horse and off they marched again.

There were maybe one hundred men in Adams band, all of which were killers of the most vicious variety. He collected his men from prisons all over the land. He would visit a prison and pay the governor of the prison a very handsome sum of money and then he would be given the pick of the prisoners he desired. It was a good deal both for Adam and his men. The men owed Adam a great debt for saving them from the gallows and Adam got the men he needed to ravage the land. And of course the governor of a prison would get a great bag of money for his troubles.

Adam looked both terrifying and glorious in all his armour and war splendour. He wore simple chainmail polished to a gleaming finish, brown woollen trousers with bright gold knee high boots. His greaves were steel but finished in gold and in the sun they shine and glistened. His helmet however was the thing you would notice first, because it was a wolf skin headdress. In all his war glory he was a truly magnificent sight. And on this occasion he had to be, as he was meeting the great Lord himself.

The great Lord was a man steeped in mystery and curiosity. There were thousands of tales about his wealth, his women and his feats in battle. So to be invited to his castle as his guests was considered a great honour and Adam made sure all of his men were in their best gear and on their best behaviour. The great Lord was not a man to cross.

As Adam, Zoey and their band of killers approached the causeway leading to the castle, Zoey was struck dumb by the sheer scale of the castle that lay in front of them. The great keep was built entirely of stone and the fourteen towers that encircled it were washed white and could be seen from miles in every direction. The castle itself was built on a volcanic crag, much like Bamburgh castle or so Zoey thought to herself. The grey clouds above really made the site intimidating and Zoe felt her stomach churn.

Adam stopped the convoy turned his horse to face his men and began to give a speech when he was interrupted by three riders approaching from the castle. Adam turned his horse again and with Zoey in toe began to ride slowly towards the greeting party.

The approaching riders stopped their great black steeds a few hundred paces away from Adam and one of the riders began to speak.

“Who approaches the great Lord’s castle? Speak your name and your purpose.” His tone was firm and demanding, clearly not a man to be messed about.

“I am Adam. Adam of the Severn estuary and guardian of the Welsh border. The great Lord is expecting me.” He responded in an equally aggressive tone of voice and gestured to his men as well.

“So it would seem. You are late however. The great Lord does not like to be kept waiting, particularly by a rag tag bunch like you.”

Adam bristled with rage, he wanted to kill the man for speaking to him so disrespectfully but he held his sword hand and his tongue and instead apologized for his lateness and explained that the weather had been against them. Zoey meanwhile was bored. She hated all of this, she saw it as false match bravado and saw no need for it.

Once the pleasantries were out of the way they were guided through the main gate into the castles main courtyard. Where once again Zoey was struck dumb, though this time not by the architecture but by the sheer amount of men.

There were perhaps three thousand men crammed into the courtyard and on the battlements above, all in full war glory and carrying their lord’s standard; a black crow on a flaming red background. All of the standards blew and twisted in the howling winds.

Adam stopped his horse in the middle of the courtyard. Zoey and the rest of the men had stopped a few paces further back. Adam was confused. He had expected a welcome, but not like this and so far, the great Lord himself was nowhere to be seen.

“My lord Adam, the great Lord awaits you in the great hall. I will escort you and your men. You are to leave all horses and weapons outside; they will be returned to you upon departure.” The voice was unfamiliar but Adam agreed though adding the caveat that he should be allowed his sword, the voice agreed.

They were led through a huge wooden door and entered into the main hall. Though it was not as grand as you would have expected. The dais was relatively small and there were only just enough benches for his men. There were no ornaments to speak off and the walls were simple whitewashed stone, Adam felt insulted. This was clearly not the great hall and there was still no sign of their host.

Adam and Zoey took their seats on the dais and their men seated themselves on the benches. There was no food for them only water, and apart from themselves the only other people in the hall were a few maids and servants who were scattered around doing nothing in particular.

After man minutes of awkward chatter, the great Lord finally arrived.

He was a big man, tall, thickset but he wore nothing except a pair of simple brown boots and brown woollen trousers. His chest was covered in strange patterns and in strange colours.

Adam rose from his seat to greet his host but was told to remain seated. The bare chested man slowly approached the dais. Walking up the middle of the benches, seemingly paying no mind to the hundreds of pairs of eyes on him he stopped just in front of the dais and began to speak.

“Moi. Minun nimeni on Jatti”

Adam was perplexed. This was not a language he had heard before, he looked and Zoey and she shook her head however the man who had led them in whispered what to say in his ear and Adam dutifully repeated it.

“Missä vessa on”

Laughter burst from the bare chested man and all the other men who understood the strange language. Adam bristled with rage again, he knew he was being mocked.

The bare chested man composed himself and spoke again.

“Miksi? Oletko peloissasi?”

The man howled with laughter. But Adam had had enough. He stood up and demanded to know what was being said.

The bare chested man gave Adam a stern look then smiled and spoke again.

“I greeted you and told you my name. You then asked me where the toilet was.” There was mocking in his tone but underlying was a savage anger.

Adam leaned forward to look into the man’s eyes. They were dark and empty. Zoey’s stomach churned again.

“Then what did you say?” Demanded an increasingly angry Adam.

“Haha. I asked you if you needed the toilet because you were scared.”

Adam said nothing, he just stared at the man. Zoey meanwhile was beginning to shake with fear, her stomach was churning and her bladder was beginning to make pushes to empty itself.

“Nothing to say. Shame. Maybe all the stories about you are false, maybe you are just a coward. Maybe the lovely creature to your right is braver than you” The man shot Zoey a dark and terrible look. Zoey’s panties became wet again.

“You had better hold your tongue, or ill cut it off and wear it around my neck. Have you seen my necklace of fingers? It’s my pride and joy and I’m always happy to add a couple more to it.” Adam spoke quietly but his voice carried a menace and threat that you could not miss.

This was too much for Zoey and her bladder gave way, soaking her panties, pooling at her bum and dribbling onto the cold stone floor and making an unmistakeable sound. Zoey was frozen in place. Her fear had completely taken over her; she was not made for this.

The bare chested man heard the splattering of Zoey’s pee onto the stone floor and gave her another cold look. Zoey caught the look and her bladder let go again. More warm pee shot through her already soaked panties and once again splattered onto the floor. She could feel her bowels pushing, but she was determined not to embarrass herself anymore and managed not to soil herself completely, but some poo did escape and the smell was unmissable.

The bare chested man began howling with laughter. Adam didn’t laugh however and instead drew his sword.

Adam jumped over the dais knocking the bigger man down and holding his sword to the man’s throat. The great Lord’s men all drew their swords but before any blows came forth a booming voice called for calm and all listened. Unfortunately, though, it was too late for Zoey. Her defences had failed and warm mushy poo had filled her once pristine panties.

As the voice called for calm she was still in the process of soiling herself and more and more mushy poo was filling her panties at the back and at the front another torrent of wee spurted forth. She no longer cared however and actively pushed out what was left in her bowels and bladder. All the while it was now becoming clear all that what had transpired was one big joke, designed to test the balls of Adam and his band of killers. However, whilst Adam had passed the test, Zoey had not and the evidence was there for all to see as she stood up and poo slid down her legs.

