The Guild Apprentice: Part I [Complete Story]

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2019-07-12 18:30

I'm glad I was able to find all the documents for this. This is for the first chapter of the Guild Apprentice, an interactive I ran for ended recently. This version is a rewrite of the original interactive with some parts touched up because the early chapters didn't really age well. To the people who read the original interactive I hope you enjoy this, and I hope anybody new will enjoy this.

Here is a link to GA: Part 2 which is currently ongoing: https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/51233-the-guild-apprentice-part-2/?page=2

This will be getting updated every few days.

Part I

You are roused from a peaceful sleep by the sound of squeaking wheels and trotting horses.

You awaken in your carriage with your face nestled in a silk cushion. “Uuu…” You sit up, waiting for the mugginess of a rude awakening to fade. “I must’ve nodded off before we’d left town.” You think, rubbing your eyes. It’s not surprising, you’d barely slept a wink last night, the excitement of today, as well as a somewhat lumpy tavern mattress had kept you awake for most of the night. The last thing you remember is hoisting your rucksack aboard the carriage and the loud rumble of the town gate. You must’ve nodded off before you were even out the gate.

Inching yourself toward the carriage window, you peer out to get a look at your surroundings. The sun is high, peeking over the tall oak trees along the trail. It must be late morning by now; you’ve slept the entire journey. As you stretch out your arms and yawn, you look around your carriage; it’s a basic oak compartment. Easy on the eyes and even easier on your purse. A small space with two sets of seats dressed up in red cloth, a small cast iron lantern bolted to the ceiling, and a large curtain the runs the length of the whole compartment. Beneath your seat is a small nook to store your belongings, but for the journey you felt comfortable keeping your rucksack by your side.

In your weary-eyed state, you had forgotten to close the curtains before nodding off. Sunlight shimmers in through the windows, basking the carriage in a warm welcoming glow. You rub the sleep from your eyes and lean over your seat to take a glance through the carriage window. It’s a beautiful summer day in the Midlands without a cloud in the sky, birds are chirping and a light breeze is blowing through the forest, rustling the leaves. You huff, regretting that you didn’t walk the trail now. It was the perfect day for it.

You lean over, reaching for your rucksack when you spy something twinkling in the corner of your eye. Looking down, you see it’s a small ornate hand mirror tucked under the seat. You bend down and pick it up. “Strange, I don’t remember packing this.” You mumble to yourself as you raise the hand mirror to your face. How on earth did it get in your carriage? Perhaps a noble was to use this carriage and had forgotten it? There was no chance of that, no noble would be riding in such a shoddy carriage, even the thought makes you laugh. Regardless, you decide now is a good time to check yourself over. You want to look your best after all.

Gazing into the mirror, you quickly check yourself over, sweeping your hair, wiping the drool from your mouth, the usual fare for when you’d faceplant a pillow and fall asleep. Your name is Shibo Kenshiko, an aspiring mage of House Kenshiko, a magi family who hold high rank among the noble families of Orientia. Being a girl of plain appearance, the noble roots of your family did not shine through too well. Nothing in particular stood out about your looks, though you liked to think you were cuter than most girls. The recent weeks in the sun had given your skin a healthy tan, your eyes were curved and as light as the blue sky and you seldom smiled. You had long green coloured hair that would normally reach down to your shoulders, but you were fond of keeping it contained in a long ponytail.

Your outfit too lacked any air of nobility, though it did not stand out much among the people of the cities. It was quite fitting with your appearance; a simple white blouse that was far too big for you. Sadly, it was all the tailor had in stock when you needed some garments and you couldn’t afford to be too picky. It stretched down to your knees and was nearly long enough to be a dress. Along with your blouse, you wore a pair of green baggy shorts, and a pair of black tights along with a pair of leather boots that could certainly use a shine.

“I look fine.” You comment to yourself, smiling. You run a hand over your green hair and hold the mirror out to get a better look at your figure. Your clothes concealed your curves well, giving you an almost blocky figure. That was for the best. You were modest in your womanly assets; you breasts were fair and the same could be said for your backside; like a firm, well-rounded peach. Your hips had the honor of being your least modest feature; they were slightly wider than average and often it made you feel a tad… pear shaped, but you thought little of it.

Finally finished, and giving yourself a soft smile, you sit the mirror down by your side. As you do that, you notice, sticking out of your satchel, a piece of rolled up paper. That was your letter of acceptance to Fort Victoria, the capital fort of Eseriths Fighting Guild. You pull the parchment from your satchel and unroll it. On the parchment is the sigil of the Eserith Fighters Guild; two longswords crossed in front of a silver kite shield. Running across the bottom of the sigil is a banner reading the words “Always Willing. Always Ready. The famous motto. The parchment also bears your name: Shibo Kenshiko and a signature: R. Rodrin, the mentor of the site that had gotten you your Apprenticeship.

Holding that letter close to you, you sit back in your seat and close your eyes. You fantasize about your new life with a Guild. “I’m going to be a Guildhand.” You whisper the words, letting them hang on your tongue. Just speaking them makes you grin with joy as you open your eyes and once again admire the letter in your hands. Those words filled you with glee now just as much as they had when you first spoke them.

As you are sat there, letting dreams fill your head, you hear the squeaking wheels grow quiet. The horses whinny, their hooves trampling the mud and falling quiet too. The carriage grinds to a halt. That was odd, you weren’t expecting any stops until Guilden, and you certainly weren’t there yet. Quickly folding up the letter and stuffing it in your satchel, you go to see what the commotion is about. On your way past, you decide to take the hand mirror with you, but when you reach down to pick it up… you find it’s gone. “Strange…” You hoist your satchel over your shoulder and leave the carriage.

The door of the carriage swings open and you are greeted with the warm sun on your brow and a warm breeze. You can hear the rushing water of a nearby creek.

“Aye, calm yourselves!” The carriageman, an old balding man with a thick beard and heavy sleepless eyes, yells to his horses. His voice causes a robin to flee from the branch of a nearby oak.

You step up beside one of the horses, comforting the nearest one with a gentle pat on the nose. There is a narrow river running through the forest. It’s not too deep, a few twigs and stones stick out above the waters surface. No, the real concern that is causing the horses such dismay is a tree which has tumbled down, taking the wooden bridge over the river down with it.

“Oh, Miss Kenshiko.” The carriageman notices you beside the horse. He takes a wooden pipe from his pocket and sucks on it. “I’m afraid the carriage can’t go any further.” He says with a frown, the pipe hanging from his lips.

You share his frown, but only for a moment. Then, you feel a great joy in being able to enjoy this beautiful day on foot. “I don’t mind.” You smile at the carriageman. “It’s too nice a day to be cooped up in a carriage.” You grasp the strap of your satchel with both hands and look ahead. “How much further is it to Guilden?”

The carriageman takes a puff from his pipe, lets the smoke hang in his mouth, and exhales. “It should only be a half hour venture on foot, I reckon.” He stands up and points over the collapsed bridge. “Just follow the trail and you’ll come out on the hill overlookin’ the lake.”

“Thank you.” You reach into your pocket and throw the carriageman his payment for ferrying you so far. “I wish you a good day, sir.” With your boots to the dirt, you prepare for the final quarter of your travel. You hop across a few stones by the bridge, leap across the river and follow the road deeper into the forest. It’s beautiful, almost tranquil. The sun shines through the trees, critters scamper around your feet, chirping and chattering before vanishing into the bushes. A soft summer wind blows over you, rustling your hair. You feel relaxed as you walk briskly through the tranquil stretch of forest.

Roughly five minutes later, as you are walking along, surrounding yourself with the sights and sounds of the Riverren forest, you suddenly hear footsteps running toward you; stressful boots thumping against the dirt, closing in on you. “Hey! Wait up!” A voice calls out from behind, urging for your attention.

It’s a young girl travelling alone who beckons for your attention. She looks far too innocent to be a thief or a brigand. She is quite short, almost half a head shorter than you, her eyes gaze widely like a child and her auburn hair looks like it was cut by a drunk with a blunt knife; it was short and only got longer and messier the nearer it got to her ears. But it’s her “unique” attire that catches your eyes. She’s wearing a long mage robe with the sleeves cut off near her elbows, and a messy white shirt that looked more like an artists canopy, splattered and stained with all matters of colours and patterns.

A belt full of vials, all filled with unknown concoctions of various colours, as well as a leather bandolier of potions are wrapped over her robes, and the most eye-catching of her apparel - a large wooden barrel, almost twice her size is hoisted on her back like a satchel, held in place with two leather straps that she’s grasping. The barrel hisses and a burst of steam erupts from the top. You hear it gurgling like a hungry beast from within.

The young girl, despite hoisting that gargantuan barrel, does not struggle to catch up with you. She stops when she gets by your side and catches her breath. Up close, you see just how short she truly is - her eyes just meet your breasts. That’s somewhat of an impressive feat, since you were not too tall yourself.

The girl huffs and puffs, her red cheeks inflate and deflate, her chest heaves and she pants, desperate to swallow all the air she can. Finally, she manages to blurt out some words. “Y-y-you… you’re h-heading for Guilden… right?” She struggles to speak between bouts of heavy panting. Her ragged breathing and flat heaving chest make you think lewdly. You blush, and avert your gaze. “Aha! You are! I knew you were!” She gives you a toothy grin. “I see that letter in your backpack.”

You didn’t feel the need to give a response now the girl knew. Instead, you nod. “Maybe you should put the barrel down for a moment?” You say.

“Ha!” The girl grins, her teeth showing through her smile. “Good idea!” She lets go of the straps and the barrel collapses behind her, kicking up dry dirt. “Ahhh…” She bends down, leaps up and stands up straight, stretching out her arms as high as she can. “That’s better!” She throws a hand out in your direction. “My name is Muaki!” She introduces herself, offering you her hand, which you accept reluctantly. “You say the first part like a cow!” She demonstrates with a moo, completely forgetting she had just pronounced her name while introducing herself. “So it’s Mooo-aki!” She grins. “I’m an alchemist from Waverton! A pleasure to make your acquaintance!”

Though reluctant, you still feel obliged to introduce yourself, though Muaki’s ecstatic nature makes you feel especially shy. Probably all that cheeriness. You were never that outgoing, especially around energetic people. “My name is Shibo.” You start with a nervous quiver. “Shibo Kenshiko.”

“Kenshiko?” Muaki tilts her head like a confused puppy at the sound of your name. After a moment to herself, she snaps her fingers her eyes begin to glimmer. “Ah! You’re from Orientia!” She goes quiet again, muttering under her breath and giggling. “Sorry, I was just running your name through my head! It’s really fun to say! Shibo Kenshiko. Shibo Kenshiko. Shibo Kenshiko. You should give it a try!”

“There’s no need for that.” You say playfully. “I hear it enough almost everyday.”

“I bet you do!” Muaki does not catch on to the subtle snarkiness in your voice. “Shibo Kenshiko. Shbo. Kenshiko. It’s so fun to say!” She tenses up, scrunches her face, and clenches her fists with overwhelming glee that leaves her feeling giddy. After repeating your name a few more times, she finally gets bored of saying it. “Sorry, I’m just really excited about getting to Guilden. Do you mind if we walk together?”

“I… sure.” You say, resisting the urge to sigh. So much for enjoying the forest peacefully. But you’d feel guilty turning her down, and it was only a short walk to Guilden.

“Ha! Great! I love walking with company!” She bends down and hoists the barrel back onto her back. It gurgles. “Let’s get going!” She points onward and starts walking, hunched over with the weight of the barrel on her back.

You look at down, frowning at the sight of your scuffed boots. “I have to pee…” You mumble, hoping Muaki doesn’t hear you. That’s all that is on your mind. It had been lingering for a while but only now was it creeping up on you. Maybe it was the heat. You’d hoped to hold it in until you reached Guilden, or if the need got too demanding, you were not averse to wetting a patch of dry dirt behind a tree. But that option went out the window thanks to your newfound traveling companion. The stretch of forest seemed never ending and the tea you had downed before falling asleep was getting well acquainted with your bladder… perhaps a bit too well acquainted. “A half hour walk my fanny…”

“Shibo! Is something the matter?” Muaki looks back, noticing her walking buddy is now absent..

Pushing back the urges in your bladder, you look to Muaki and shake your head. “It’s nothing.” You would not be resorting to a childish potty dance just yet. For now, you just had to endure it. You rush on to catch up with Muaki and together with your new friend walk along the trail.

*002*2019-07-18 00:52

Part II

“Hey Shibo!” Muaki yells excitedly into your ear. “Tell me a bit about yourself!”

“A bit about myself?” You try to act calm upon hearing that question, but truthfully that question shakes you down to your core. “I… uh?” It was a question you had been expecting, yet you still hated hearing it. It wasn’t one you could answer easily.

“Are you a dragon?” Muaki interrupts your rambling.

“A dragon?” Such a ludicrous question causes you to forget all the worry. “Why on earth would you think that?”

“My papa told me that dragons come from Orientia and they’re fierce fighters. So, where else for a dragon than a Fighters Guild?” A childlike sense of wonder seems to grow in her. There’s a sparkle in her eyes. “Can you breath fire? Fly? Do you have claws?”

“I’m not a dragon.” Though being a dragon would be pretty cool. At least they are renowned spellcasters.

“Are you sure?” Muaki sounds disappointed. She gestures with a finger to her lips. “You can tell me, I won’t tell anybody.”

You sigh. “Why don’t you tell me about yourself instead?” You ask her, hoping to shift the conversation away from something so ludicrous.

“Fine…” She pouts. Shame - she really wanted to hear what it was like to be a dragon. “So, I’m an Alchemist from Waverton!” Muaki starts, but as soon as she starts talking, you drown her out. She flaps her tongue, makes gestures with her hands to accompany her story, but to you it’s all a monotonous blur.

It must’ve only been five minutes, but to you it felt much longer. You’d underestimated just how desperate you were. That tea you had drank was getting more than acquainted with your bladder right now. This was a second date, and you were feeling it.

You drag your feet along, Muaki by your side with that humongous hissing barrel perched on her back. All that time you were staring into the bushes along the trail, teasing yourself with the thoughts of using them like a commode. They were flirting with you; tall dense bushes that were perfect for an unsuspecting girl to squat behind. You couldn’t. Not with Muaki with you. The thought of excusing yourself to the bushes with company waiting a few feet away… you felt your body locking down just thinking about it.

Guilden can’t be that much more of a walk. You think, shaking the thoughts of watering the leaves of an unsuspecting bush from your mind. You could hold it for a while longer. Guilden could not be more than a few minutes away; you’ve walked for a good amount of time, enough to see the sun has moved in the sky. You turn your attention to a sparrow flying overhead. It weaves between the trees before darting off over them and deeper into the woods. It certainly was peaceful out here. You had always heard stories of how tranquil the forests of Eserith were, and now you finally had the pleasure of experiencing them yourself. Boots to the dirt! That was the adventurers way after all!

Being distracted by your slowly filling bladder, and swept up by the forest scenery, you’d completely forgotten Muaki was by your side. She’s still talking aloud about her past. She speaks so quickly, gesturing with her hands like the words she is speaking are meaningless without them. Her voice had just blended in with the surrounding sounds of the forest, becoming part of the nearby river, the rustling leaves and the summer wind.

Finally, you snap back into reality and Muaki’s words become clearer and more coherent. “...and then I ended up travelling before being passed on to Fort Victoria.” She finishes with a rather proud exhale. She must’ve spoken quite a mouthful, which has you wondering how long you were adrift in your own thoughts.

You had missed her whole story, catching only the literal beginning and end. “I see…” You do what you can, mustering what you could to make it sound like you were the least bit interested. Muaki doesn’t seem to notice your lack of attention - she’s still patting herself on the back for a story well-told. You got the gist of it though: Alchemist from Waverton, that was the only part that really mattered… hopefully.

“So will you tell me about yourself now!?” She asks, lip pouting.

“In a little while. I promise.” Muaki’s pout grows until her lower lip is just a fraction from her chin. But she doesn’t protest. You felt a tad guilty about being so reserved, but it was not without reason. Maybe when you reached Guilden you could give Muaki a brief history about yourself, excluding your most… shameful moments. Maybe you could do it at a teahouse over some tea. Suddenly, with the summer heat bearing down on your brow, you begin to think of tea. You hope that Guilden would have a fine teahouse, or somewhere that would be a cut above the usual rowdy fares of taverns or booze-peddling brothels.

You walk on for a few more minutes and the trail still doesn’t seem to be getting any shorter. It had gotten warmer, that was for sure. The sun must’ve been right above you, focusing you with a lens. You sigh and wipe the sweat from your brow.

Both of you make it another five minutes before Muaki stops in the middle of the road. You hadn’t noticed at first and walked on until you realized she was no longer behind you.

“Wait! Shibo! Hold up~” Muaki calls out to you. You stop and turn to her, seeing her stretch and letting out a mighty yawn like a baby lion waking from an afternoon nap. Her arms are like twigs, how on earth did she carry that barrel? “I’m pooped!” She stands motionless for a moment, her arms held high as she looks to be deep in thought. The girl looks to be deep in thought. Suddenly, she hops off the barrel, snaps her fingers and smiles gleefully. “Drink break!” She announces, puffing out her cheeks and following up her words with a hearty sigh.

Muaki slams the barrel into the dirt and starts feverishly pulling at the back of her trousers. “Gah! I’ve got a wedgie!” She moans, wrestling with the back of her robe. With some success, she reaches into her trousers and pulls out her knickers from between the crack of her butt, and you can only tell because she grins. It looks heavy - the barrel, but that doesn’t seem to be an issue for Muaki and her twig-like arms. The wooden cylinder gives off a series of clinks and clanks as it hits the ground, as something, or some things rattle around inside like glass organs. It didn’t sound too healthy, but you go with your gut feeling and assume Muaki knows what she’s doing.

“Do you really want to call a break now? We haven’t been walking that long.” You realize, perhaps a bit too late, that Muaki has probably been on foot for her entire journey, hoisting what sounds like the contents of a roaring city tavern in a barrel on her back.

“The barkeep calls the drink breaks! And I say drink break!” She pats the top of her barrel. “I’m thirsty~” She rushes around the barrel, her robes fluttering behind her. There’s a hiss of steam that explodes more violently than the last few. You flinch as the sound takes you completely by surprise. It’s like the roar of a dragon right in your ears.

“Sorry~” Muaki shrugs. “I didn’t properly vent the pipes this morning. So they get all pent up with steam.” She mimics the barrels roar and bends down behind it. The barrel obscures her small frame and the only thing you can hear is the clinking of glasses. Your curiosity grows larger as a shot of steam bursts out the top again. “Oops~” She giggles. “I bet for the barrel all that pent-up steam is like holding in a really big wet fart!” She blows a long, loud raspberry “I bet if it could feel, letting all of it out would feel amazing.”

You feel your cheeks go red with embarrassment as Muaki giggles like a little girl. She can’t control it as the giggle grows into a laugh. Once her fit of the giggles die down, she squats and begins fiddling around inside the barrel.

As Muaki works with the barrel, causing it to shoot out more steam and let out the occasional gurgle like it had skipped breakfast, you realize this was your chance to see into the rather curious stomach of this wooden cylinder. You didn’t want to let on that you were so curious, casually walking up behind her and feigning interest at something in the forest. You take a gander by her side and peek at what the alchemist is doing out the corner of your eye. The first thing you notice is Muaki’s robe sliding down one side of her small frame, and that her trousers were far too wide for her waist. You see more than a fair deal of the Little Alchemist’s butt hanging out of her trousers, dancing as she fiddles around inside.

You look over her shoulder and get a somewhat obscured view of what is inside. You can see inside the barrel as she moves her hand to scratch her butt. There’s the large door which is roughly the size of one side of the barrel, wide open. At first glance you can clearly make out some alchemical appliances; a few beakers, some short and fat, others tall but thin, all filled with colourful fluids that are bubbling over a little pot of arcane fire. There’s a little rack of glasses that you assume are for drinking and copper pipes leading from the beakers to them.

As you watch the beakers bubble and small hisses of steam escaping through cracks in the pipes, you begin to notice an entrancing sense of order. There’s a simple rhythm to follow. Everything moved and spoke with a simple rhythm, not unlike a clock. Every little thing from the pipes hissing to the little fires brewing potions that crackled like the leaves of autumn, to the tubes pipes slowly filling the glasses in the rack. Bar some manual intervention from Muaki, who tweaks a few valves and adds a few ingredients from a small compartment, it was all automated to perfection. This must be how it feels for a doctor to admire the human body, all these pipes and faculties were like steel organs, working in their own little system.

It was impressive; never had you seen such an alchemy setup. It was simple, portable, and sturdy. But what truly makes your jaw drop is the thought that this quirky, yet effective means of portable potion-making was most likely devised by the Alchemist who got a fit of the giggles thinking about her barrel farting. She hid that knowledge of crafting and design well behind that giggling childlike face. You wonder if her potential penchant for creative endeavours ever manifests in her personality.

Now you wished to see if Muaki’s alchemy skills were as impressive as her handiwork. You peer over her shoulder and watch Muaki mix together a few of the beakers. She moves quickly, but despite her speed, she moves so delicately when she begins brewing, fiddling, and tinkering with a few valves. You keep watching with a careful gaze as she grabs two glasses, continues fiddling with the valves, and watches a single beaker fill up with liquid.

“What is it?” You ask, having a few ideas as you’re overwhelmed by the sweet scent of cherries and blueberries.

At first glance you believe it to be some form of potion, but as you let the sweet fruity sensation overwhelm your senses, you begin to wonder if it was just a simple berry, brewed so complexly. No potion you had ever smelled was so sweet, they all had the rotten reek of stale arse and went down like a week old stale egg. This sweet smell was nothing like that.

Muaki ignores your question, but she answers it shortly after in the form of a small demonstration. “Tada~” She leaps up from the barrel, pulling up a cup of purple liquid with her. She holds it high above her head in a victorious manner, letting the sun reflect a golden beam off the glass. “Muaki’s SPECIAL FRUIT PUNCH!” She holds the cup in her blistered fingers and admires it like an artist would admire their creation. She slowly puts the cup to her lips and drinks the whole thing almost instantly. “Haaa~” Her now purple-stained lips curl into a large satisfied smile. “That hit the spot!”

As she bends down to pour herself another cup of brew, you see her large eyes peering up above the barrel. She quickly squats back down and goes to work inside the barrel. After another moment, she lifts her shoulders and smiles sweetly. “It’s really good! My own personal recipe~” She pauses for a moment, looking somewhat guilty. “Oh right!” She puts her glass of juice on top of the barrel and bends back down.

After a few seconds and metallic gurgles from the barrel, Muaki hops back up; this time with a second cup of juice in a frosted glass. “Hands out please!” She asks you kindly. Without a word, she props the glass in your hands. It’s cold to the touch, and in this heat the frost on the glass feels almost unnatural. Taken in by curiosity, you didn’t resist as the Little Alchemist took your hand and placed a drink in it. You don’t even attempt to refuse her offer.

You stare down at the cup. It’s a still drink; the dark purple colour reminds you of night for some reason and the smell is delectable; it’s so strong and so sweet that you feel your mouth water just from the tangy, fruity aroma.

Muaki stares at you, eyes wide and pride on her face, gesturing with her hands for you to drink it “Try it, try it, try it~” Her gestures grow faster.

*006*2019-07-25 18:50

Part III

You inspect the purple fluid nearly overflowing in the glass. Lifting it to your eyes, you give it a swill, watching the juice dance around inside with a consistency as fluid as water.

“Drink it, don’t inspect it~” Muaki watches, big grin on her face. “It doesn’t stay cold for long, you gotta drink it quick.” She gestures like she’s lifting a cup with her hand and smacks her lips.

Following the Little Alchemist’s instructions, which were no different from any other time you’d taken a drink, you raise the glass to your lips and take a small mouthful. It’s… amazing. The taste hits you the second it touches your tongue. Cherries, blueberries and strawberries, it’s a mixture of berries sweetened with sugar and chilled in a cold glass. It was delicious, you lower the glass, licking your lips and savouring the much needed refreshment.

“See? Good, huh?” There’s no need to answer, she can already tell how you feel, and it’s clearly making her smile. “My own special recipe! Come on, let’s get out of this heat for a few minutes!”

Both of you retreat under the shade of a nearby oak, sheltering yourself from the heat while you enjoy your drinks. You nurse your cup slowly, savouring the sweetness of this juice. Perhaps it was a tad too sweet, a pinch too much and too few berries to balance it out. Still, it was welcomed to keep you cool against the elements. You wrap your hands around the class, keeping your hands nice and cool, and take a big sip.

Muaki meanwhile seems to be going through glass after glass after glass. No sooner does she finish one before she’s pouring another. “Mui, do you not think you should slow down?” You try to advise her. To little effect.

She gulps down the glass, and glances over her shoulder with a puzzled expression, juice running down her chin. “I’m so thirsty~” She smiles, taking a sip from her fresh cup. “I haven’t had a drink all day and this heat~” Just thinking of the beaming sun has her downing the cup and squatting down to pour herself another one. “Have you finished yours?”

“I’m taking my time.” You reply, nursing the cup and raising it to take a tiny sip. Perhaps if you weren’t feeling the call of nature, you’d be a bit quicker finishing such a delicious drink, but with Guilden still some distance off, and being reserved to holding it in until you found a toilet, you had to be cautious.

A few minutes pass under the lovely shade of the tree. You finish your juice, while Muaki has finished another two glasses. She downed one, belched, giggled and then celebrated such a loud burp with another glass.

“Should we get going then?” You sigh as you take a glance into the sky, forced to face the blaring light of the sun. Hells, was it hot. It had been pleasantly cool beneath the shade of the trees, and you couldn’t help but feel it was getting warm.

Muaki doesn’t respond. You notice she’s not paying any attention. “Is something the matter?” You ask as you brush dirt off your butt. You look over and see her staring idly into the forest like she was in some form of trance. “Mui?” You call to her, snapping your fingers.

She snaps out of it on the third snap of your fingers. “Ha! Sorry! I, uh, was just thinking to myself.” She looked flushed around the cheeks, her bashful red face was almost snow white. She looked to be growing tense too, her loose, relaxed stance suddenly grew stiff and now she stands with her knees pressed together and her free hand clenched into a fist. “I kinda have to take a leak, but I can wait~” She puffs out her chest and grins as if that is heroic feat. “Maybe I should go easy on the juice.” The Little Alchemist ignores her own advice and greedily gulps down the whole cup. “Nah~ We’re not far off Guilden, right? I can hold it~”

She wasn’t the only one who had to take a leak, but your own needs had been known for a while. It couldn’t be much longer, you had walked for a good part of the morning.

“Hey!” She shoots an angry glare at you, or more importantly, the glass you’re holding. “You didn’t finish your juice!” Slowly, she approaches you, brow furrowed. It makes you nervous; had you upset her? Was she really so bothered you were slowly nursing your drink and not downing glass after glass? She gets close, pressing her nose against the cold glass. “Top up!” She calls out, nabbing your glass and rushing back to the barrel. “You can take it on the road!”

“I, uh… I…” You’re lost for words after such a display of intimidation. Gee, she really looked terrifying even when she’s feigning anger. “Thank you.” You splutter. “It’s really good juice.” You continue, hoping to appease the Alchemist.

With a toothy smile, she hands you the cup, now topped off and colder than ever. “You can save your appreciation until you’re done~” She produces another cup, clearly for herself.

At this point, you’ve lost count on how many drinks she’d had. You just went with it, and deep down kept hope she could hold it until town.

With your much needed water break concluded, Muaki hoists the large barrel back over her shoulders and you both continue down the road, boots tapping against the dry dirt. Stepping back into the sunlight, you’re greeted with a scorching welcome from the sun. You take a big gulp of ice cold juice to cool off.

It’s back to walking in silence, sipping at your juice and letting nature wash over you. Muaki walks alongside you, humming to herself. She seems to just be singing something she’s made and pauses every few seconds as she tries to think of a new note. The barrel on her back, as if singing in rhythm, the barrel on her back lets out the odd hiss and the glasses jiggle around with every step.

This blissful silence, complemented with… song? Is broken as Muaki can’t herself and returns to prying into your past.

“Are you sure you’re not a dragon?” She asks with no thought, sounding like she was just listing off the first thing Orientia was known for. You weren’t in the mood for this childish game, but still you respond with a shake of your head. “Are you a noble?” You shake your head. “Are you a dragon noble?” That isn’t even a thing, but you still shake your head. “Hmm…” Muaki pauses for a moment. She sips her juice with contemplation in her eyes. That was a dangerous look. “You know, I’ve heard a lot of people who leave Orientia are often Academy dropouts.” She raises a finger to her chin, thinking.

You sigh. She was persistent, but that wasn’t enough to get anything from you. Even if she had nearly hit the nail on the head. “I said once we get to Guilden. Not before.” Truthfully, Muaki couldn’t have been any more correct, but she couldn’t know that. She looked smug enough already.

“Soo~” A smug sense of accomplishment is burning in her eyes. “I was right, wasn’t I~”

“You sigh again. “Don’t make me repeat myself.” You sound like a stern mother, sick of her child.

She sighs louder, trying to rival, and outmatch your sigh. “I know~ but I’m curious~” She pouts. “You’re being all cool and mysterious!”

“I’m not being cool and mysterious! There’s just some things I don’t wish to discuss.” You finish off the last of your juice, gulping down the half-full glass. If anything, it would buy you some precious silence, hopefully enough for Muaki to stop caring. Once the glass is empty, you feel something stirring in your tummy.

Your mind is being distracted, not by Muaki, who is continually listing off racist stereotypes of your home country and how you could be associated with them, but by the feeling in your bladder. That cup of juice was already making itself known to you, cozying up with your tea from earlier. It feels like they're getting on swimmingly. It was bad enough you were already needing a commode, but now you’d gone and filled yourself up with juice.

You were topping off a barrel that was already half full. It’s not my fault… it’s hot, and the juice she makes is really good. The bushes were look awfully tempting again; a pleasant little spot where you could drop your shorts and pee. Nobody would know. It’s not like people walk around looking for where people have peed. What on earth am I thinking? Such absurd thoughts that best be ridden from your mind. You shake them off, focusing your attention on counting leaves until they’re gone.

“Hey Muaki?” Your mind finds something else to keep you distracted. “Why are you called Muaki? Is it a nickname?” In Orientian, Muaki was a slang term, often given to the poor in the slums. It was strange to meet a girl with such a cruel nickname.

She looks at you curiously, her lips splattered with juice twitching. Those purple splattered lips quickly grow into a little smirk. “Uhuh! If you’re being cool and mysterious! I’m being mysterious and cool! I’ve told you plenty and you’ve told me nothing!”

“Like I said: There’s just some things I don’t wish to discuss.” You’re a failure! Those words had been stuck inside your head since the day you’d left Monsai, the Orientian capital. “I’ll let you in on one thing in exchange.” You didn’t like the idea, but sweetening the pot would convince Muaki. “One of your guesses. One! Was correct.

Suddenly, as if the sun itself had flown into her head, Muaki’s eyes light up like fire. “You really are a dragon!?” She exclaims with childlike wonder, stars glimmering in her eyes. “Although, you suck for a dragon! I’d be soaring through the sky and spitting on people I don’t like!”

“I guess you’ll have to wait and see.” Now you are the one who gets to smile smugly.

“Okay fine~” Her young face grows on the faint smugness she’d been showing. “I’ll tell my new friend. You already know I was an apprentice with the alchemist guild in Waverton. I’ve been there for nearly all my life, ever since I was a tinsy-tiny babby. When I was a wee little green girl, there’d always be… mishaps when I was working with my stuff. Usually, I’d get covered, my teacher would get covered, and the whole room would get covered. Every time it happened he’d mutter ‘muaki’ under his breath.” She giggles, clearly recalling the memory with plenty of fondness.

“But have you ever worked with things like Serkainian thornberries or Balkanan blueberries? They can be pretty hard to get out of clothes and they leave MASSIVE stains! But they also smell really sweet.” Her hands explode upwards as she emphasizes the word massive and she pulls on her robe, which is stained blue and purple. “I kept showing up to my lessons in my stained clothes because I really loved the smell of the berries.” She giggles again. “After that, my teacher just started calling me Muaki, because in his own words “I was the messiest student he ever had.” So his grumpy mutterings just kind of blossomed into my nickname, and I’ve used it ever since.”

That was quite a warm tale… though, not the most interesting. “If it’s a nickname, what’s your real name?”

Muaki stares blankly and then giggles mischievously. “Nope~” She denies you with a single word spoken slyly. “I’ve said enough~”

A few more minutes, and a few pings from your bladder later, you begin to see the treeline end. Beyond that, the road turns off left and you come out of the forest and onto a hill overlooking a large lake. In the center of that lake is an island, and upon that island, a city.

That was Fort Victoria, the largest Guildhall in all of Eserith. And your new home.

“So that is Guilden?” Your breath was taken away by the sight.

That was Guilden, hidden away behind the safety of a gigantic stone wall. The city is no little hamlet like so many towns in Eserith, it’s a full blown city obscured from sight even atop this hill. You can see stacks of smoke rising from the east section of the city and rooftops and towers barely reaching over the staggering stone wall.

But the biggest, and perhaps easiest attraction of the island, is the gigantic fortress at the far north, towering above the city, looking down on it like a guardian. The still waters behind are shrouded in shadow, as is the northern district. You were surprised the presence of such an intimidating structure did not tempt your gaze first, attracting you with the magnitude of a castle, but the rugged simplicity of a fortress.

“I guess it is.” Mukai replies, just as taken back as you were. “It looked much smaller in the paintings.” Her voice hides a faint tremour.

You turn around and look at Muaki, who is now doing nothing to hide her shameful stance or her desperation. All of that juice had finally hit her, and she was caught short on this hillside. Her legs were crossed and she bites down on her lower lip, almost chewing it. She’s clearly thinking about it as her gaze inches back to the privacy of the forest, particularly a nearby group of bushes.

“Would you like a moment?” You didn’t mind waiting if Muaki wanted to water the bushes. While the thought had crossed your own mind, you had it set in stone that you’d wait until reaching town. You had to pee, there was no escaping that, but you could conduct yourself with more dignity than Muaki could right now.

Those chewing lips quickly change back to a smile. “No need! I can hold it~” She hops up, straightens up and shuts up. The transformation is amazing, it’s as if she’s defying her bladder. She sounds so confident despite her flustered face, like a brave Magi who could hold back the mightiest flood. Though her legs were still trembling like straw.

The longer you stood, admiring the city of Guilden, the more your own needs were beginning to well up. You could feel it now, right between the legs, pressing against you. Hells, that was quick.

The walk down the hill feels like it was longer than it took. You feel regret inside you, taunting you. You regret letting Muaki top up that cup of juice, but perhaps your biggest regret was not just sucking up any shame and just peeing in the bushes. It felt so easy to hold it in then, but with each passing second the urges were growing, weighing down on you, taking control of you. A wave of desperation washes over you, worse than before. It hurt, and it takes some mental strength to keep your hands from between your legs, but you were safe from anything threatening to your panties. For now.

You have to shake off the feelings, the burning, the urges, all of it. You know that if you let yourself dwindle on it for too long, you’d end up having an accident right there. You were a girl, a Magi, a proud caster of House Kenshiko, soon to be joining the ranks of the Eserithian Fighters Guild. You needed composure, confidence, and perhaps most important of all: An unsoiled pair of panties.

If the worst came to be, not that it would, you at least kept a spare pair in your backpack. But even so, you feel your cheeks burn thinking of meeting your future Guildmaster with a soiled pair of panties dripping in your backpack. You’d heard some rumours that he was from the east, a well respected Monster hunter, a Master who commanded respect. Heaven’s, if you were to show up with tainted knickers… it’s a feeling worse than anything you could imagine. Perhaps even worse than death.

The Little Alchemist doesn’t seem to be enjoying herself as she hobbles by your side. She walks with strict, uncomfortable movements, dragging her boots across the dirt and hissing every few steps. That sparkle in her eyes is gone, the only thing you could see in Muaki was pain… and most definitely pee.

Goodness, was peeing all you could think about? You needed to take your mind off it. You could enjoy the shimmering waters of the lake, but water was the last thing you wanted to think about.

The first you’re greeted with when arriving at the bottom of the hill is the gentle sounds of the still water. Maybe on a better day those sounds would’ve been soothing. But not right now, for either of you. You grimace, lips trembling as the sounds conjure up thoughts of making some water yourself. The same goes for Muaki, who stares on straight ahead, pretending that there’s nothing here that may encourage her bladder. She huffs, clenches her fists and powers on with you across the bridge.

The wooden gates of the city seep you in shadow. They were almost as high as the wall itself, with a tower on either side, occupied by a single Arbalest. Two guardsmen protect the gate and as you both approach, they swing into action. As if coming to life for the first time, they lower their halberds, forming a cross the protects the gate. They move in unison, more akin to an android than a human. “Papers, girls!” The Guardsman on the left orders you with a strict voice. His booming monotonous voice is almost mechanical. “Guild letters, Merchant Guild letters, anything of that sort!”

You furrow your brow at the guardsmen. You were a girl, as was Muaki, though she doesn’t quite carry the dignity of a girl. She’s stood on her shaking legs and hissing, quietly muttering the word “pee” over and over. Still, the thought they’d lowered those halberds in an act of suspicious offended you.

“Of course.” You comply with their request, keeping a calm face. You do not waste time presenting your guild letter to the guardsmen. You stand calmly with your legs together as they check the letter. Just a little longer, and then we can find a toilet. You reassure yourself, those words harden your resolve and fight off the desperation for a short time.

Finally, the guardsman nods, satisfied with what you have presented. He took far longer than you’d liked just to gawk at a large sigil and some scribbles. He hands the letter back to you and directs his stern gaze to Muaki. “And you, young lass?”

The Little Alchemist nervously taps her feet, looking down at her boots. For a moment, she seems to have composed herself, but there’s a look of fear like she’s about to pee herself from the guards presence alone. “Uh, r-right away!” She gives him a feeble salute, her saluting arm trembles with nerves.

In clear view of yourself and the guards, Muaki pulls her robe aside and reaches down into her trousers. There’s an unpleasant and disgustingly fitting sound of sloshing as the vials on her belt jiggle. Finally, she pulls out the sealed parchment she had shown you earlier. “Here it is!” She sounds somewhat ashamed as she presents her own later. “I hope it’s okay.”

The Guardsman takes the letter with a look of disgust. At least you assume disgust as most of his face is obscured behind his helmet, but you saw how hesitant he was to take a letter that had been down a young girls drawers, especially when it’d been down there in this heat.

“You keep your acceptance letter in your knickers?” You whisper to her.

She tilts her head. “Do you not keep important things in your pants?”

“N-No!” You exclaim with disgust, sticking out your tongue. “That’s why I have a rucksack!”

“I don’t trust rucksacks.” She shakes her head. “Plus you can always check it’s there when you go to take a p-” She stops herself suddenly, right now the word she was about to say must be like speaking a curse. That one letter was a reminder. “N-Nevermind!”

There are no issues, except for the questionable answer of why Muaki keeps her most important items down her pants, but that wasn’t anybody’s concern. Thank goodness.

“Alright! Open up the gates!” One of them calls up to the towers.

The large wooden gate opens with a booming creak. Large gears grind and turn, slowly revealing the town of Guilden hidden away behind these stone walls. This was it. You had arrived.

“Let’s go…” Muaki mumbles. “I’m dying for a slash…”

