Lois Lane’s Desprate Hold: A Superman Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-25 07:05

It was morning in Metropolis where Lois sleeping in bed been awoken by being very warm. Lois felt that she was warm and got out of bed and opened the sheets and found she pissed in the bed. That was 6:02 AM and it was very hot in her apartment so she looked at the mirror and started taking off her pyjamas noticing her wet stain on her pad she took it off and took everything off. She stood in the mirror naked, she went back to bed and farted a bit.

8:11 AM her alarm clock went off, when she went to sit up to turn it off her ass felt like it squashed something, she got out of bed and pulled the sheets back on the same spot of her pee lay a big picece of shit on her bed. She did not have any tissue paper but there was downstairs but she has a glass window that everyone could see her pussy and boobs. So she used the most useful technique, she started playing with her pussy squeezing it, rubbing it, touching it and putting her pyjamas pants back on her pulling it heigher than the legs making her pussy uncomfortable. She then took off her pyjamas pants off and peed on the shit and raced to the bathroom to get some toilet paper but forgot that she wasn’t done peeing on the floor tiles. She got the piece of toilet paper and whipped the poo on the bed off she then put it in the toilet and flushed it down. She haves these recurring wet dream she has of she having sex with Clark Kent (Superman).

She got dressed in black skirt, white shirt and light brown jacket and took her wet sheets to put in the washing machine. She then drove her car to The Daily Planet. She saw Clark dressed in a blue jacket, white shirt, blue pants and glasses. She was very attractive to him wanting him to marry her, today she work with him on a report about Superman Vs Lex’s invention, that happened yesterday. She asked for a lot coffee and she told Clark how’s her bladder after drinking one coffee. Clark said that you have no bladder issues, so she kept writing and drinking coffee she kept asking Clark.

Halfway she had bladder problems up she couldn’t go pee because she needs to write to not just Clark, so she hold it in and they finished the report. They gave it to Perry White he wanted them do more, when they finish the second one they gave it to Perry and said another one. They did another one but Lois couldn’t stand it anymore she asked Clark pass over the recycling bin and Lois took out all the rubbish and took off her panties and skirt and started peeing in the bin. It was the best thing she can do rather than peeing her panties. they gave the report to Perry and he liked it as Lois sighed in relief.

Lois and Clark left work and went to Lois’s appartment and she drank a lot of water and accidentally peed in Clark’s face, as she said sorry and he said it okey and kissed her she then unbuttoned and pulled his pants down and lay on the bed kissing. She then looked at him and showed him her panties as she asked him to pull it down exposing her sexy ass she got up and drank five glasses of water and tried to hold it in. She could feel her pain, she hold it in and started getting a half full bladder.

She got a half full bladder and squirmed in her seat, she then kept holding in her urge to pee. She then kept holding it in and then she got a full bladder, as she then felt her first squirt of pee coming out and dampening the mat. Then she kept holding it in and released the second squirt of pee escaping coming from her hairy pussy making the mat wetter. Then she let it out her pee and peeing on the mat, as she felt the warm feeling of her pee and started to like holding in her pee but still didn’t like wetting herself in clothes, definitely not ten hundred thousand dollar clothing.

