The Farmer's Daughter

Author: Noot

*000*2021-10-13 22:01

Another commission from the mind of @ed2

! PM me if you'd like anything for yourself.

###

It was still early in the morning, but the sun was out and the crops were motionless on Golden Creek Farm as the farmer's daughter made her morning rounds. She would take the same route every morning, right after sunrise- you could set your watch by it and some of the locals did. Driving the family's old tractor from the farmhouse in a loop around the property took the better part of half an hour, taking her to the backs of the fields, over a stream and then back again. Her job was to check that the fences remained secure.

The farmer's daughter was a girl of twenty-two, and every bit the farm girl her parents had expected her to become. She came out this morning with scraggly blonde hair pushed back and tamed by a straw hat, in denim overalls and a cotton white t-shirt marked with dirt from the previous day's work. She had a pretty face, but there was plenty of grime beneath those fingernails, and plenty of experience behind naive blue eyes. Someone had once told her she hadn't had much to work with in the chest department. She'd replied that God had given her the brains and the other girl the titties.

As she rumbled along the perimeter, Katie's bladder twinged uncomfortably. She hadn't been for her morning piss yet, and she always needed her morning piss within an hour of waking up. That morning, Katie hadn't so much as visited the toilet beside the room where she slept. Most people would assume that Katie was forgetful, or scatterbrained, but her neglect of the bathroom was a design choice.

Katie had never liked using toilets. They seemed a waste of time to her- especially when man was intended to do his or her business in nature. She much preferred nature. There were no petty rules or waiting times.

So Katie didn't hesitate to park the tractor- if you could call 'turning the engine off' parking- and climb down onto the field. Here she was in one of her favourite spots to pee in the morning, beneath a tall old oak tree that overhung the fence. Southern Montana didn't get a lot of rain, and Katie liked to joke that she watered this patch of grass more than nature itself got around to. A public footpath ran parallel to the fence, but this morning there was nobody walking past. That seemed a shame to Katie.

Getting herself undressed before a piss was easier said than done when Katie was in an outfit like this. She popped the buttons on the straps of her overalls, threaded her arms through them and peeled them down until they were out of the way. Then she pulled on pink cotton panties just enough to expose her buttocks to the fresh air, just the way she liked it. Even beneath such a bright sun, there was enough chill in the atmosphere to feel good in exactly the right kinds of ways.

Just for a little while, Katie squatted there and waited for the flow to start naturally. She never liked to push, whether she had to go number one or number two. It was better to wait until she had to go, and then let her body do its thing. So she squatted on legs built up over the years to be good at squatting, admired the outdoors and waited. A little breeze blew on her pussy lips. It felt like getting a cool kiss down there, like being made love to by someone with an ice cube in her mouth.

The trickling soon started, just as she'd known it would. Katie fought the temptation to close her eyes and let it happen. At first, hot golden liquid just dribbled out of her hole, running down her lips, some of it sitting in her vagina and resting there. It didn't take long before a stream got going. Pee arced away from her crotch and onto dry soil. She had needed to go enough to feel that sweet relief of emptying her bladder in the morning, but not enough that holding it in had become painful. That was Katie's perfect sweet spot.

She looked up at that giant oak tree, knowing it wouldn't be long before the acorns started falling again, then back between her legs. Katie had always liked the sight of herself taking a leak. She loved watching it shoot out of her like she were some fountain, all golden and sometimes steaming in the cold months, and the way it formed a little puddle in the dirt on the hot days. That was happening now, and it was almost reaching the sides of her feet. She giggled, feeling the warmth run beneath bare soles. Katie didn't mind if her feet got a little wet.

Katie had a bigger bladder than most would guess, by looking at her- she was a slim girl, and short, but could hold her pee for plenty longer than even most of her male friends. But that meant that the few times she had to go each day, the lakes she sometimes left on the floor were big enough to sail a paper boat on comfortably.

Once she was eventually done, Katie wiped her pussy dry with the front side of her overalls. In twenty-two years she'd never found a toilet paper that dried a kitty like denim. Ironic, really.

The mark on the front of the dungarees would be dried and gone by the time she got back to her farm. Her parents knew that Katie liked to use the world as her toilet, and had long since given up trying to toilet-train her, but she didn't want to upset them by reminding them. So she redressed herself and climbed back on the tractor, and soon she was gone, and the only traces that she'd ever been there were faint tyre tracks and a quickly-drying puddle on the floor beneath the old oak tree.

###

Katie tapped her horse with the inside of her left leg, and he picked up the pace. They had ridden a couple of miles out of the farm, to a blackberry bush that nobody other than her seemed to know about. The sun wasn't long for the sky, and Katie wanted to get home before darkness fell. She turned the gelding down a narrow lane that cut closer to Golden Creek, and probed him to go a little faster. He was a huge thing, chocolate brown with a black mane, and Katie had ridden him out here more times than she could count.

Katie wanted to speed up because she had to use the bathroom. Her bladder had been full for most of the afternoon, but she'd ignored it, caught up in the world around her. Eventually, though, the need to pee had returned with a vengeance. She'd slung the bag of blackberries over her shoulder and climbed back on the gelding, looking forward to getting back to the stables so that she could get some relief.

But needing to pee alone wasn't reason enough to worry Katie. There was something else pressing her, and it had to do with a completely different bodily function- she needed to poop. For most of her life, Katie had been a once-a-day pooper, regular as clockwork. The urge would come on in the late afternoon and by evening she'd be desperate to go, if she hadn't already emptied her bowels. First she'd get gassy, then her belly would start to rumble beneath her shirt, and eventually Katie would need to clench her butt closed just to ensure that she didn't shit in her breeches. Today was no different, and she rode home starting to wonder if she'd make it back to the stables in time.

For now, though, the need to pee was worse than the need to poop. Katie had neglected her bladder while she was harvesting, and now that negligence was catching up with her. That rarely posed a problem for Katie. She'd been on hundreds of long rides in her young life, often for hours at a time, and it wasn't always practical to disembark and find somewhere to tie up the horse while she squatted and pissed. Luckily, she'd found a solution. By now her body was used to simply peeing on horseback, and Poncho didn't seem to mind.

There was one very easy step when Katie had to relieve herself while riding: she simply had to let go. As soon as her body relaxed, she felt better instantly. It was like she was releasing all of the pressure and stress that had built up in her bladder, giving her waters permission to return to the earth below.

At first nothing happened. Then, slowly, Katie felt the crotch of her panties blossoming warm and wet. The moisture bloomed and seeped through cotton, into her deep blue jodhpurs. These were a carefully picked garment, selected because the colour was dark enough that no stain would show if she were to run into her parents.

The leaking became a dribble, making Katie break out into a smile. Warmth spread across her thighs. Before she knew it, pee was cascading down either side of the gelding's back, simply too much to be contained by her clothes. It ran down past each knee and soaked her ankles, hot and comforting. Katie glanced over her shoulder and saw little black dots on the soil behind her where her piss was raining down on the ground. She still had plenty left inside her to go.

When Katie felt empty at last, those wet stains behind her stretched back much farther than she could see. It felt as though she'd been peeing for a quarter mile. Poncho trotted on, completely unaware of what his rider had done. Katie bore down a little and squeezed out the final few spurts for good measure; her bladder was so big that she often found a couple of extra pushes left in her by the time the natural flow had died out. They hissed into her underwear like squirts from a water pistol- albeit one filled with warm, salty water.

Now the fresh air was tinged with the smell of urine, but Katie didn't feel like she'd tainted it- quite the opposite. She felt like a wild thing when she did this, like an animal leaving her scent to show where she'd been. Lukewarm pee made the jodhpurs cling comfortably to her legs, even tighter than before. Anyone walking past now would assume she'd had a little accident, and Katie was happy to let them believe that. They wouldn't understand, anyway.

Still, Katie had only taken care of one of her needs. While emptying her bladder had been as pleasant as always, she still had to poop. Her bowels grumbled in discontent, demanding that she unburden them of the load that had undoubtedly been made by last night's dinner. The good news was that, by now, Katie and her horse were only a mile or so from home. It looked like she would make it. Katie didn't always make it when she had to poop on horseback, but even then she found that soiling herself was better than the risk of losing the horse, especially because it sometimes took her ten or even twenty minutes to unload a really big dump.

With warm, wet panties and a colon full almost to bursting, Katie turned her horse down the final stretch of road. The farm was almost in sight.

###-

Katie's jodhpurs had already begun to dry off once she'd led Poncho safely into the stable. She had a grooming routine for after every ride with him, and she liked to keep it consistent. Horses, she found, responded to careful consistency above all else. If she left him in the stable and just disappeared for the night, the bond between them wouldn't stay as strong, and Katie knew they'd lose some of the mutual trust that she'd built up for years.

The trouble with that was it meant she couldn't just rush off somewhere to poop as soon as she got back to the farm. Her favourite spots included the old outhouse that nobody else still used, or a little patch of grass by the fish pond behind the farmhouse. Usually, when she had to go number two, Katie would sneak off somewhere like that and take twenty minutes or so to do her business. On days like today, though, when she had tasks to complete first, she'd have to hold it in. That could get plenty distracting when she was trying to do something tricky like brushing a matted mane. Fortunately, Katie had been in this position before, and she knew what to do.

The thing with a stable was that living beings pooped in it all the time. Nobody else would ever need to know if Katie happened to be among those beings. She'd gotten away with taking a crap in here more times than she cared to keep track of. So she stepped away from Poncho for a minute- he kept chewing hay, apparently unbothered- and hooked a thumb between the waistband of her jodhpurs and each cool, smooth hip.

In one motion she lowered the jodhpurs and her soaked underwear until they were around her knees. Then Katie squatted down, over one of the fresher patches of hay. She waited. It was clear from the feeling inside of her body that she wasn't going to need to push. Soon enough, as expected, she felt her ring start to stretch, to slowly open up. The tip of the first log emerged. It felt firm and rounded, as was her norm. Katie smiled wide at the feeling of being penetrated from inside. She wasn't someone who made long, thick poops. Instead she crapped in pellets, little round chunks, like she was some kind of giant rabbit. That had always been how her body worked, and she'd always liked it, though she never really understood why it happened.

The first lump fell out of her and landed with a soft crunch on the hay. Out came four or five more pieces, each taking a few seconds to pass through her tight butthole before falling the last few inches and hitting the floor of the stable. Later she would sweep it all up along with the horse dung and nobody would ever be any the wiser.

Katie always knew naturally when she was done pooping, because she could feel the emptiness inside her. To finish up, a little dribble of pee flowed out of her, as it often did after a big shit. The liquid ran down her labia, between the folds of her pussy and through the little ridge between her vagina and her asshole, before raining down on top of the brown, steaming pile she'd deposited below. Now she felt ten times better. It was like she'd shed a tonne of weight, both from the front and back. One of these days someone would walk in on her while she pooped on the hay, but Katie wasn't too worried. It was only her body.

With her jodhpurs still wet from peeing in them earlier, Katie didn't see any reason to trouble herself with a small matter such as wiping her butt. After all, no matter what she did, she'd still need to wash them tonight. So she stood up and pulled them back up, along with her underwear. The cotton was starting to get cold now as her pee cooled off, but she didn't mind- the feeling was still nice. It reminded her of the fun she'd had on the ride home.

Stepping around the poop on the floor, she went back to grooming Poncho, hoping she remembered to sweep up her mess after she was done. Her dumps were bigger than most women, sure, but there was no way anyone would be mistaking it for horse shit if they saw.

###

The next time Katie ventured out beyond the limits of the farm around evening's fall, she went without a horse. She didn't see the need to prepare Poncho for a ride when she only wanted to wander around and see what kind of wildlife might be in the woods. She was looking, specifically, for a deer that her daddy had spotted the day before, because he thought it might have looked injured. It had seemed okay when Katie found it, so she watched from a distance for a while before turning back and heading toward the farmhouse. The walk home couldn't be more than a half hour.

Katie had set out that day in a blouse and skirt, with no underwear to warm her thighs. On hot days, she liked to go commando from time to time. It was nice to get some air up there.

As she always did at this time of day, Katie had to piss and poop badly before too long. Other women would have been uncomfortable in a situation like this, wondering how they were going to get home before they had an accident. But it didn't faze Katie. She only needed to find the perfect spot to relieve herself, and she found it in the shape of a stream that ran south just outside of the farm's borders.

Katie waded out into the fast-moving water, which was refreshingly cold and barely deep enough to reach her ankles. Poncho wasn't a big fan of the water like Katie, so she only got to go in the stream when she wasn't riding. As she settled in a spot in the centre of the river, standing with legs spread, she heard voices. Passers-by weren't unusual in this neck of the woods, but Katie hadn't expected to run into any today. She looked up and saw them, a man and a woman, walking in her direction. They were heading her way.

Standing there, waiting for her body to start opening the channels, Katie thought it looked pretty obvious what she was doing. But the hikers must not have seen it, because they walked within twenty feet of her spot and asked her for directions. They wanted to get to a little down just a mile or so from the farm. Katie was more than happy to help, of course. She pointed a few times while she explained the best route to take, and they nodded to show that they understood. At some point while she was talking, Katie started to pee.

With her legs spread, and in the absence of panties, there was nothing stopping Katie's pee from just tinkling down into the stream. The feeling of relief made her sigh audibly. She glanced down and saw that her piss was the usual colour- deep gold, like apple cider. After a few seconds she caught the hikers stealing confused glances at the bottom of her skirt, but Katie didn't care what they thought. When she had to go, she had to go. It was their fault if they couldn't handle a little pee.

One form of relief seemed to facilitate another, and Katie felt her asshole opening up again. It was almost all she could do not to moan out loud when her butt was stretched out like elastic. A first, big chunk of poop tumbled out of her, and fell between her legs and into the stream with a loud splash. She felt it brush the back of her ankle when the current carried it away. Another piece came next, then another, each bigger than the last.

By now the hikers looked genuinely alarmed to be conversing with a girl who was clearly not wearing underwear, not to mention pissing and shitting into a river and acting like it was the most normal thing in the world. The man looked like he was going to say something to her, but his wife was too polite, and she moved him along with a squeaky word of thanks. Katie watched them disappear into the trees, finished with her poop but still pissing like a racehorse into the water. She couldn't understand why so many people found what she did so taboo.

The truth was that Katie had always loved the feeling of taking a leak into the river. She loved how free and natural it made her feel. She loved the sound of her stream tinkling into nature's stream. Above all, she loved the way the cool water around her bare feet would be tinged with warmth. It was like all the water and juice and milk that she guzzled down every day gave her the power to heat up a whole body of water, even if it was only temporary. She liked the idea that her hot piss-current would pass through a spot half a mile downstream later that day.

When she was done, Katie hitched up her skirt and squatted down right there. She didn't check behind her- it seemed no big deal if any strangers were to get an inadvertent look at her butt while she cleaned up. First she scooped up some fresh water and used it to rinse the pee off of her pussy. Then, with a bare hand, she did the same with her butthole, making sure to rub any traces of poop away. She didn't need to get any on her skirt.

Satisfied in more ways than one, Katie stood up again and let her skirt fall back into its natural position. She could feel cold stream water trickling down her thighs. It was far from an unpleasant feeling. When she got back to the farm, she felt as though some masturbation could be in order. In a way she hadn't expected, being caught using the woods as her bathroom had gotten her strangely excited.

####

A few days passed before Katie took Poncho out again, this time to try and track down something that was causing a blockage upstream. The river had been flowing more weakly the past few days, and she wanted to clear the plug before it did any lasting damage. It was almost getting dark by the time she'd finally located the problem and hauled it out of the way- a tree had fallen down a few miles from the farmhouse, but Katie had strong shoulders and she was able to move it alone.

She was desperate to poop, trotting briskly over rough terrain with the setting sun over her shoulders. Katie had forgotten to attach Poncho's lead again, so she couldn't risk jumping off for a few minutes to poop. She loved her gelding very much, but he had a reputation for bolting, and it simply wasn't worth taking her chances. So she kept on riding, wondering if she might be better off putting a sign by the stable door to remind her to bring a rope next time. All too often she found herself in this position. She usually forgot all about it by the time the next desperate situation came along.

Katie hadn't had to shit this badly in a long time, but all she could do was keep on riding. She'd pissed herself long before that, and her dark jodhpurs were already almost dry. The need to pee had come on strong; Katie hadn't bothered resisting. If she'd held it in, there was a risk that the eventual feeling of relief when she lost control would cause her bowels to open up, too. She could practically taste the salt in the air as she rode.

There was another smell lingering around the horse apart from her pee, though. Katie had started to get gassy, as she always did when she had to poop. It began with a few soft poofs of air that slipped out every now and then, before quickly building up into deep, rumbling farts that vibrated hard on the horse's back. Poncho didn't seem to notice. The next step, she knew, would be for those loud farts to turn back into silent ones again. When that soon came to pass, she knew that it meant she was close to having an accident.

Despite doing everything she could to hold on, Katie knew she was losing the battle. She clenched her cheeks together desperately, trying to stop her crap from simply sliding out and soiling her underwear. It was hard to squirm from the top of a horse, but Katie couldn't sit still. The hardest part was that her legs were forced wide apart, where she'd usually rely on crossing and bending them to make holding just that little bit easier. With her thighs spread, there was little to stop her colon from emptying itself of its own accord.

Eventually, inevitably, that was what happened. Katie groaned, squeezed and used up the last inches of her willpower, but ten minutes from home she finally lost control. A powerful belly cramp took hold of her, vice-like and tight. She leaned forward and started to shit her pants. The first piece forced itself out and formed a bulge in the back of her jodhpurs, one she knew would be visible to anyone who came close enough. If that had been all, it would have been messy enough, but Katie's body wasn't even nearly finished yet. A second chunk swiftly followed, and for a moment Katie had to close her eyes as the sensation overwhelmed her with intensity.

She gave up at last. When the third, fourth and fifth bits of poop slid out of Katie's ring, she made no more effort to stop them. After all, what was more shit going to do when she'd already filled her panties? She groaned again, the last piece proving the biggest yet. Once it was out, Katie flattened herself against the back of Poncho's neck, feeling exhausted from the exertion of messing herself, and of holding it back for so long before then.

When she'd recovered her breath, Katie realised she couldn't just stay forward for the rest of the ride. She forced herself to sit up straight again, feeling her poop squish around inside her underwear. She always produced firm crap, but it wasn't nearly solid enough to hold shape when squeezed between her weight and the hard spine of a grown horse. The feeling of poop spreading against her cheeks itself was far from unlikeable, she had to admit, but she wasn't looking forward to the cleanup process.

Still, she reflected as Poncho came into view of the farm again, at least she didn't have to go so urgently anymore. Now the trick would be stripping out of these dirty clothes before anyone spotted her. The last thing she needed was another lecture about the perils of holding it in.

