Riley and Lev: Dystopia 7

Author: GadgetCereal

*000*2018-05-15 19:48

So this has been in the works for a good long while, and finally I finished it. This is going to be an ongoing story unlike the others I've posted here and also unlike the others this is going to have male wetting in it.

Before this story begins, a patented Clom disclaimer: This story is the first one I'm writing that is going to have male desperation and scenes properly devoted to male peeing. HOWEVER: There will be no male messing scenes. Male messing is still of no interest to me and any scene involving it will be for female characters only.

______

Just a blurb so people can read what to expect besides the usual stuff: Riley Walker is a girl with a knack for thievery. She can pick a lock, hotwire a car and ride a motorbike with the best of them. With her friend, Lev, a boy with a talent for hacking and electronics, she travels the desolate planet of Atticus VII, scraping a living with any crime syndicate in need of her services.

____

Chapter I: District Delta

It was meant to be a simple job for Riley and her friend Lev. A girl like Riley could do any petty job thrown at her by any syndicate on the planet and she’d get results. It was never anything special, boosting a car or two from some moron who couldn’t make his payments, an illicit street race down the ruined highways of Atticus for wagers and pink slips, and everything in-between. The point being that if it was do with cars or motorbikes, illegal or otherwise, Riley was the girl to do it.

So when Riley had turned in a “repossessed” roadster on behalf of Quadrant Alpha’s Russian crime ring, she didn’t take too kindly to being refused payment. The bounty for the car, ten thousand credits, was a fair price for a simple job, but as Riley pulled the roadster into the back alley garage, it became quickly apparent that the boss had no interest in paying her. “Ain’t my call, and don’t go chasing it. Get the fuck out of this town and say nothing more about it.” The mechanic, a thick bodied Russian, had told them with a hostile tone, shooing them away from his garage.

Riley was pissed, of course she would be. She was, feeling like there wasn’t much choice, content with getting out of town with nothing more than a furrowed brow and a few curse words. Unfortunately for Riley, Lev couldn’t keep his hands to himself. Trouble had followed him around like his own shadow and once he’d discovered, while he was casually browsing his tablet, a backdoor into the accounts of the local crime syndicate that’d refused to pay them for a job well done, Lev couldn’t help but attempt to put his years of expertise as a hacker to use.

The thing was, Lev was arrogant; He didn’t expect such a low-end crime syndicate to have even an ounce of decent cyber-security if any. But the boy was proven wrong when a built-in virtual intelligence within their vault had detected an unauthorized attempt to withdraw funds from it. Alarms rang and the VI controlling the vault had traced the point of entry to Lev's tablet. Both of them had to make a quick getaway, but not without company. For the whole night, Riley and Lev were hounded by a bounty hunter of the syndicate they’d tried to swindle. Riley took her motorbike down the long stretch of highway, toward one of the largest cities on Atticus VII: District Delta.

It was early morning when Riley pulled into the charger station in the lower boroughs of District Delta. The few inhabited skyscrapers and houses still gleamed with a neon red glow within the deeper slums of the city. The two suns of Atticus were rising over the cityscape, tinting the sky with an orange glow over the clouds of grey smog.

Riley pulled up to the nearest station to charge up her bike. The small charger station greeted her with a quiet hum as the neon blue hue of the station was taken by the darkness of her bike’s black paintjob. The station was empty, not many people awake yet which meant Riley and Lev were the only ones there.

She killed the bike’s engine, the loud high-pitched rumbling died down to silence. She lifted her helmet and shook the sleep from her eyes, her dark brown ponytail swinging with the tired movements of her head. Riley was a stunning girl, twenty years old, long brown hair she kept in a ponytail, and a face that rarely smiled.

Brushing the dust off her biker’s jacket, Riley breathed in the polluted morning air. Riding all night had left her black jacket and cargo pants dusty. “You think they’re far behind?” She turned and asked Lev.

Lev hopped off the motorbike and stretched. He was younger than Riley; Seventeen, but he looked younger than he was. His hair was short and shaggy, like it hadn’t seen a comb in a while and his face was skinny with a few freckles on his cheeks. He dressed like Riley, a set of biking gear with only one distinction: his jacket was grey. He took off his helmet and sat it on the seat. “They were far behind two hours ago when you turned off that ramp. I’d say we’re good for now.”

Riley nodded. Outrunning that bastard of a bounty hunter had put her in a rare good mood this morning. Nobody could match her when it came to her and her bike. She’d been riding since she was thirteen. Seven years of her life on the seat of her Vortex V1. “Alright, I guess we’ve got time to get our beauty charged up. You jacked the full bounty right? Ten thousand credits?”

Lev pulled out his tablet from his bag and began flipping through some pages on the holographic screen. The screen lit up and Lev looked to Riley with a nervous glance. “We’ve got two thousand credits, more than enough to get your bike charged up.”

Suddenly, Riley felt her smug look melt into misery. “Two thousand? You mean to tell me we’ve been on the run the whole night, chased by a bounty hunter, for a measly two thousand credits?” Two thousand credits would charge up her bike and if they were lucky two nights at the dingiest motel in the district. Riley took a deep breath, she couldn’t believe it, their lives were worth two thousand credits.

Lev chuckled nervously. “Well… two thousand two hundred credits. I’d have taken more but I didn’t think some Russian crooks would have such a sophisticated security system.” He rubbed at the back of his neck and smiled like that would stop Riley from clobbering him. “You know, it’s better than what you’ve put together the last week. If it wasn’t for me you’d be riding out of that Quadrant with zero credits!”

"And no bounty hunter crawling up my ass either..." Riley grumbled, knowing that Lev was right. It was the fact that he was right that made her that little bit more pissed off. “Charge the damn bike.” Riley chucked her helmet at Lev, who in surprise nearly failed to catch it. “I gotta go take a leak.” She stormed off across the foreground and off around the back of the station. “And pull the damn thing further into the station, it’s easy to see there!”

On her walk up the dank sidealley, a flickering commercial board caught Riley’s attention. It was the only light she had in the dark dingy alleyway. That was all those old advertisement screens were good for now: Lighting the dark streets. The board crackled, an image of the planet coupled with the known symbol of Trident corporation flickered on the neon screen, illuminating the small pathway with a bright neon glow.

Come To Atticus VII. Your Future With Trident Corp. Starts Today. The writing read in large neon white lights.

“Bullshit.” Riley scoffed. “Nothing left here but everybody the rest of the galaxy doesn't want.” She hadn’t been born at the time of the cataclysm, the series of earthquakes no doubt caused by Trident Corporations greed for the planet’s minerals that had forced all operations on Atticus VII to halt indefinitely. But since that day, the once prosperous planet had now become a hive of crime syndicates, terrorists, and political exiles who needed to escape the ever watching eye of Trident Corp. Riley ignored the board, wondering why somebody would waste electricity keeping the dumb thing lit, and continued off toward the toilet.

The rusty old door opened but the bathroom was pitch black. Riley knew it was the bathroom, no other place gave such a welcoming stench. It repulsed her, it always did. She looked back down the alleyway toward the foreground and decided since the station was empty that she could just do it in the alleyway. Nobody would see if she squatted down behind a dumpster and took a piss there. But as Riley was unzipping her trousers she caught the sight of an old security camera scanning the station. The camera beeped and suddenly it’s attention was on Riley, watching the girl as she held her unzipped trousers up with one hand. “Criminal activity detected: Violation of Law segment 2B1F: Public indecency, in progress.” A robotic voice chirped. “Failure to cease will result in immediate alarm and contact of nearest law enforcement agency.”

“Yeah, yeah…” She sighed and began to zip her trousers back up, knowing the camera would pester her until she complied. “What idiot even wastes energy on those things anymore…” Security cameras were a dead technology on Atticus, a waste of electricity for most places. If it didn’t have a gun mounted to it, it wasn’t doing much protecting. Frustrated, Riley zipped her trousers back up and gestured angrily to her crotch, making sure the camera got a good view of her trousers with the zipper up.

The artificial intelligence, or whatever was manning the camera, was pleased with Riley’s actions “Criminal activity 2B1F: Public indecency, deterred. Resuming surveillance routine.” The voice chirped and the camera moved on, continuing to scan the station. Riley grumbled, she hated using public toilets, especially these kinds, the filthy kind of that greeted you by stench and not by sight first, but after so long on the highway she couldn’t hold it any longer. She had been willing just to do it behind a dumpster she was that desperate.

Being in the headlights of that bounty hunter’s car gave her and Lev no time for anything. Even when she thought they’d lost them along an old storm drain they still couldn’t even have a simple piss break before they were in the headlights of the bounty hunter’s car once again and zooming down the long expanse of the Atticus highway.

The bathroom lights came to life with a dying buzz as Riley flicked the switch. The long fluorescent light flickering above lit up the graffiti-laden walls with a nauseating blue tint. Riley sighed, held her nose and walked stiffly to the stall. Just as she expected, a small steel toilet in a cramped cubicle more fitting for a prison. She hated this, the seat was always cold on her butt and god knows how many people had just pissed all over it. Guess I’m just hovering over the seat. She began undoing her trousers again.

She was just about to hover over the steel bowl and finally take a piss when she heard the bathroom door creak open. A woman talking aloud on her cell phone entered the poorly lit facilities. “Yes, I’m still tracking them. Been following them down the highway the whole night.” The woman had a smooth voice, New Russian. “Vortex V1, nice bike, not that hard to keep track of.”

Suddenly, Riley froze. Vortex V1... that was the model of her bike. Her whole body tensed up as she quickly realized who the woman speaking was; It was the bounty hunter. Oh you’ve got to be fucking kidding me. She thought; it would be just her shitty luck that they’d appear as she was finally about to take a piss she so urgently needed. Riley zipped up her trousers, once again unrelieved and stood quietly in the stall. She couldn’t let the bounty hunter know she was here, she had to be quiet, deathly quiet.

There was a sound like something being put by the sink. Riley watched as a pair of black boots walked past her stall and into the one beside her. The door slammed shut and the lock clicked. “I have to ask though, is this really worth it for such a measly amount of credits?” It went quiet for a moment, the only sound Riley could hear was the woman as she began to relieve herself, the sound of her powerful stream striking the metal bowl resonated through the bathroom, teasing her. “Yeah, I know: Sending a message and all that. You want them dead or alive?”

Riley bit her lip, not only from fear but the pain in her bladder. The sound of the woman’s piss striking the metal toilet was conjuring the fantasy of her pulling her own trousers down, hovering over the bowl and finally taking that long-needed piss she'd been holding in for so long. She could’ve if she was feeling brave; the woman didn’t know she was in here, but she knew she couldn’t. She couldn’t undo her trousers, hover her ass over the filthy bowl and let loose. The very second the woman zipped up and was headed back to her car, she needed to be out with Lev and halfway into District Delta.

“Heh… alright. I’ll make sure to aim for the head.” The woman chuckled. “I’ll call you once the job’s finished.” The phone beeped to signal the calls end and the woman finished up in the toilet. Just like Riley, the bounty hunter clearly didn't have time to take a piss break as her stream persisted for a near minute. That had been an agonizing forty seconds for Riley, listening to the woman’s stream striking the toilet had tortured her bladder like a cruel nightmare. She crossed her legs, squeezing them together tightly and bit her lip.

The woman zipped up and headed out, back over to the sinks. “Alright my friend, let’s go hunt us some brats.” Riley shuddered, and for a moment thought she was going to piss herself as she heard the sound of a gun being loaded.

The door to the bathroom slammed shut. Riley breathed a sigh of relief and counted to ten. Once she hit ten she’d run out, back to her bike and get the fuck out of here before the bounty hunter could notice. She hoped it would take her a while to recognize her since she’d rode with her helmet on for the whole night, but once she’d get a look at her Vortex V1, she’d pick up their trail right where she left off.

“And ten!” With that, Riley shot out of the bathroom, down the side alley and toward the foreground. Her full bladder didn’t make running easy; it made it painful. Horrendously painful. She was sure a leak or two escaped but she couldn’t tell for certain, and she didn’t care; pissing herself was preferable to a bullet in the head.

Lev was by the motorbike, waiting for Riley. He had a face of horror as Riley gestured for him to get on the bike. She grabbed her helmet, put it on, and quickly started up the engine. "Woah, what's got you all jittery?" Lev spluttered, speaking as fast as he could speak.

"Bounty hunter. Get your damn helmet on, we've gotta roll." With a powerful rev of the bike's engine, Riley pulled out of the charger station and back onto the main road leading into the lower boroughs of District Delta.

There was no way the bounty hunter didn’t hear that noisy exit. The Vortex V1 had a very distinct sound, one that easily drew attention; And Riley was right in thinking so. A sleek muscle car pulled out of the charger station, smoke rising from it’s wheels as the engine’s roar echoed over the streets. A V28 Mustang, one of the finest muscle cars in the entire galaxy. Carbon-fiber frame, built in nitrous tank, light and sleek design, all topped off with a one thousand volt engine that gave that stallion a fearful edge over any competitor. That was the car that was now pursuing Riley and Lev through the foggy streets of the lower boroughs. It was fast, almost matching the speed of the Vortex V1, but it couldn’t maneuver as easily. It may have been a sleek ride, but it still wasn’t enough to match the agility of a motorbike.

Riley turned off at the first street she could, further down into the foggy streets of the the district’s ghettos. The fog and dimly lit streets made it difficult for her to see, but she found her way. The old apartments buildings loomed over her, passing by like flashes of light as she got the bike to it's top speed. Behind her, the rumbles of a loud engine hounded her like a lion. The Mustang was close behind, tailing the bike, it’s grill a few inches away from her tail.

A gunshot echoed through the air. Riley felt the hairs on her neck rise as a second shot echoed. She gained speed and shifted along the road to avoid the gunshots. Her heart had never felt so close to beating out of her chest as a third shot echoed in the morning air. Lev grasped Riley’s waist tightly with fear. She kept weaving between the road and the curb, making it difficult for the bounty hunter to aim her shots.

The Mustang didn’t struggle to match the Vortex V1’s speed through the narrow streets. It was only on the corners Riley felt like she could lose the car. The Mustang couldn't turn as quickly, drifting around with a screech of it’s burning tires, but on the straight roads it was near impossible to lose it. The Mustang's speed and acceleration rivaled her bike on the straight roads. She cut along the pavement, making sure the Mustang couldn’t take advantage and ram the back of her bike as she tried to turn the last corner. She turned down onto a long street and floored it, pushing the bike to it’s limit. The cityscape of District Delta came closer into view.

The car caught up quickly, the beam of it’s headlights and vicious roar of it’s engine were right behind her. Riley could feel the warmth of it’s headlights as the driver managed to pull alongside Riley’s bike. Riley knew what the bounty hunter was trying; She was going to try and spin her out. One good hit to the tail of her bike and she’d have them both on the cold concrete.

That kind of maneuver though, that gave Riley an idea: If she could hit the brakes at the right time, she’d be able to avoid the sideswipe and get behind the Mustang. It would have to turn and catch up, there'd be no way it could catch up easily if Riley turned back, breaking off from the main road and sticking to the narrow streets and alleyways while the Mustang was recovering from it’s failed maneuver.

It needed to be timed right, just as the Mustang was coming in to ram the bike. Riley took a deep breath, clutching the handlebars with a finger on the brakes. Just as the car went to swipe the rear of the bike Riley slammed the brakes. Rubber began smoking along the concrete as the tires screeched to a halt. The force nearly knocked her off as the rear of the bike lifted into the air. Riley cringed as she felt Lev’s hands dig into her waist as he couldn’t anticipate the sudden stop. His hands pressed uncomfortably against her bladder, any tighter and she was sure that she would’ve undone herself and pissed right there and then.

The Mustang, still at full speed, flew past the halting bike. The angle the driver had come in at to spin the bike out, as well as their speed, forced their car to spin out instead in a glory of smoke and screeching tires.

The rear of the bike crashed down and knocked Riley and Lev up. Riley hissed, the jolt was powerful enough that she felt a spurt escape into her underwear. It wasn’t small either, she could feel a large wet patch dampening her crotch. That didn’t matter now, she had to ignore it and keep going. Once she was free from the chase, she could pull her pants down and piss in the street for all she cared, she'd go anywhere at this point. She spun the bike around and drove down the way she came, making sure to turn off and down into a narrow alleyway, too narrow for the Mustang to pursue them.

The side-paths and alleyways led out onto another road underneath a now defunct railroad overhead, half a mile away from the main road she'd turned around on. Riley pulled the bike into a narrow side alley and killed the engine. She could hear the roar of the Mustang's engine nearby, a few streets behind it sounded like. This was a good enough place for them to hold out now that she’d bought them a moment. Once the car vanished into the distance, she could find a place to piss and then head off into the district.

"Keep quiet, Lev. Just for now." Riley whispered without any real reason. It was like instinct.

With the silence of the city, all Riley's mind could linger on was her bladder. Maybe it was the adrenaline, but now Riley could feel just how desperately she needed to piss. She couldn't even say she had to, she needed to more than anything at this point. Her bladder burned and the lightheadedness from the high made it difficult to keep strength in her quivering muscles. It felt like somebody was trying to fit the whole ocean into her already full bladder. Riley gritted her teeth and pushed her crotch as hard as she could into the seat of the bike, trying to stop anymore leaks from staining her underwear. “Gah! Fuck!” She cursed as she felt the warm patch that had leaked into her underwear push a dampness against her lower lips.

Any other situation, she would’ve jumped off the bike, dropped her trousers here and taken a piss right beside the bike. There’s nothing she wanted more; the pain between her legs, the burning in her pisshole was getting too much to bear. She considered it, oh she considered with great thought but with the bounty hunter nearby she needed to be ready for a quick getaway. It would be an unfitting end if she was caught with her trousers down, squatting with a puddle of piss pooling around her boots. If she couldn’t find a moment to piss soon she’d be going on the bike.

Her thoughts rushed into nothingness as she heard the roar of a car engine nearby. She'd been so caught up in thinking of pissing that she hadn't noticed that the sound of the car wasn't getting further away, it was getting closer. A bright set of headlights stared down the long street, illuminating the buildings and the rusted railroad supports with a blinding white light. She heard the car pull up, the engine gently rumbling as it came to a stop. “Shit!” An angry woman yelled, followed by the frustrated slam of a door. Riley’s shit luck had caught up with her again as the bounty hunter had pulled off onto this street to vent her frustration. She had no idea her targets were just a few feet away, lying low in the shadows of a dark alleyway.

They were trapped. She couldn’t just drive out, she remembered the gun the bounty hunter had on her. If she tried to make a clean getaway up the street they’d be an easy target. Riley needed a quicker way to escape, and as she scanned the surroundings, something caught her attention.

Another alleyway across the street. Riley saw it, so did Lev. A bunch of sheet metal and pallets hastily stacked caught her eye. Riley smirked. She knew what she could do; those stacked up sheets of metal made a perfect ramp for a motorbike. If she could hit the jump, she could clear the wall and be away before the bounty hunter could catch up.

It would take a certain kind of crazy to do such a dumbass, daredevil antic, and Riley was that kind of crazy. She pushed the urges of her bladder to the back of her mind and focused on the alleyway ahead. This needed to be perfect, she needed the right speed, the right angle, everything had to be perfect. She welcomed the challenge, smirking as she flipped the visor of her helmet down.

“Think you can do it?” Lev asked.

Her bladder didn’t matter anymore, nothing around her mattered. All she could see was the ramp; their escape route. She chuckled. “Just you watch me.” She revved the bike’s engine once, twisting the handlebar to get a feel for it. She revved it again and on the count of three let go of the brake.

The wind pounded against her helmet as she rode along the street at top speed, across the middle of the road and down into the opposite alley. A gunshot echoed in the air, narrowly missing the bike and it’s riders. Riley felt her heart skip a beat. Lev’s hands squeezed tighter around her waist in fear, pushing against her bladder once again. Riley couldn’t think about it now but she was reminded as his hands shook with the vibrations of the bike, shaking her body and bringing the full feeling of her bladder to the front of her mind.

The wheels scraped the bottom of the sheet metal, and Riley panicked as she felt the bike jolt as it rode up the sheet of metal. But she didn’t lose control, the speed she was going it was impossible to be on the ramp long enough for it to collapse under the bike’s weight. It had worked, the bike took off and over the wall.

For a brief moment, it felt like she was flying. The sky felt closer than the ground as the bike rose. Riley couldn’t believe it, she’d pulled off the dumbest move she could think of and better yet... succeeded. She felt butterflies in her stomach, an adrenaline high unlike any before that made her whole body tingle.

Down the bike came with a thud, the bikes suspension lifted them both from the seat and back down with a bump. It was then, Riley felt it... It was the jump that did it; the jolt of her body as the bike hit the ground undid all the effort Riley had put into holding her bladder. Riley felt her face drop; She'd held it through gunshots and a high speed chase through the lower city, but one dumbass stunt of her own doing was all her body needed to finally turn the valve on her bladder. Her muscles, already weak from her efforts to hold it, unclenched and without warning Riley began to feel a flood of piss pouring out from between her legs, spraying out into her trousers and underwear.

It wasn’t subtle, it was a warm flood pouring out into her trousers, a flood of hot piss that her bladder couldn’t hold any longer drenching her lower body, pooling around her buttcheeks and thighs. Riley had no choice but to keep riding, enduring the growing sea as it spread out into her trousers; she felt her underwear cling to her thighs and the inside of her buttcrack, they felt warm and unpleasantly damp. She could feel her stream spreading down her legs, wetting her lower legs and trousers, creeping slowly into her boots.

She could let herself enjoy the momentary relief she was feeling at least. Coupled with the adrenaline high she was currently feeling, it felt as good as an orgasm, a wave of pleasure shot up her spine and filled every inch of her body. Riley moaned with pleasure, she had held all that in for the entire night and now it was flooding out of her in one large wave. It was warm, it was wet and Riley hated every second of it, but at the same time she loved it, finally she was relieved. But her bike… the warm dampness of her piss pressed against her backside, wetting her back further and soaking her ass as well as the seat of her bike. She’d pissed herself on her bike… her most prized possession... and she’d christened it with a stream of piss.

A mile or two east, Riley had no choice but to pull them into another alleyway. She had to inspect the damage, and the morning winds as she rode had caused the pool of piss to quickly become crotch-numbingly chilly. Riley pulled her bike into a random alleyway and killed the engine. All she could hear was total silence. They were safe for the moment, for definite this time. She took off her helmet and looked down at her crotch, frowning as a dripping puddle of piss pooled from her crotch and down the leather seat of her bike.

“Hey, Riley… I… the seat feels warm…” Lev sounded as embarrassed as Riley felt. He didn’t say anything else, but his reddened cheeks and shy eyes said more than his words could.

“No shit.” She replied bitterly, letting her thighs be refreshed with the warm dampness pooling around her ass. She slumped down, her backside pressing against the wet seat, squishing and squelching with the movement of her buttcheeks. “You mind keeping a lookout?” She asked casually, pretending that she wasn't sitting in a pool of her own piss. “I’ve got to change…”

Lev hopped off the bike and hung his helmet on the handlebars. “Y-Yeah, sure. Actually, I’ve gotta go take a pee myself.” He unzipped his jacket and hung it over his helmet, exposing his arms to the chilly morning air.

There was always a spare change of clothes in one of the saddlebags. Some clean underwear and a spare pair of black rider’s trousers. Riley quickly wiped herself off with a wet wipe, wiped off the puddle from the leather seat and changed into her spare clothes. As she changed, Lev used the time to empty his own bladder, relieving himself against a wall in the alleyway. Riley was envious, extremely envious that Lev had the pleasure of peeing freely. The boy had held it in all night just like she had and it was obvious as he pissed for a good minute, his piss steaming up in the morning air as it splattered against the cold concrete wall and pooled around his boots. “Haa…” He sighed, shaking off the final drops and zipping his trousers back up. He looked at Riley with a red face and low eyes, almost looking guilty that he could enjoy that. “You good?”

Riley nodded meekly as she looked down at the saddlebag now containing her soiled trousers. “Good thing they’re waterproof… and easy to clean.” She mumbled to herself about the saddlebags. “Yeah, I’m done. You finished up too?”

Lev stretched and looked back to the large puddle he had made now running down the sidewalk. He leant up against the bike and pulled out his tablet from the other saddlebag “I took a look through some encrypted channels while you were in the toilet; to see if there was any work for you.” He turned his tablet for Riley, showing her a small map and some details of a little town within the lower city. “There’s a small slums on the west side docks. It’s Yakuza territory, no way a Russian would go near that place. I’d say it’s as good a place as any to lie low… might even have some work for you.” Lev grabbed his helmet and jacket. “What do you say?”

A crime syndicate, right under District Delta’s nose. Everything there may be supplied illegally, but it would also be cheap. To Riley, a town dealing in shady activities right under the law enforcement's nose would feel like home. She grinned and sat back on her bike, clutching her helmet in her hands. “I say let’s get going before the suns rise. I haven’t had udon in ages.” She grinned with joy, just like she had earlier that morning.

They rode out from the alley and with a screech of her bike’s tires, Riley rode full speed down the empty street, down towards the western docks of District Delta.

