The Toilet Bowl Bandit

Author: Cardinal Chad

*000*2021-07-13 22:23

I have been rolling around a story in my head, it’s very odd at least to me but I wanted to see if it was any good.

The Toilet Bowl Bandit

I am a remarkably unnoticeable person, I work a 9 to 5, I go to and from work Monday to Friday, most of the time it’s just IT work. “Plug this in, update this” is usual conversation I get, however I enjoy the ability to blend into the background, I believe it suits me. There is one thing that people do not know, I have a power, something so unnatural yet unassuming. I can phase through matter, just as if I was walking through a doorway or those shitty beads that some people put up instead of a door. It’s quite fun, I’m not exactly sure where this came from, it’s not genetic that’s for sure.

I assume some people would say “why don’t you use this power to help people?” I would say “then I would be a public icon and I definitely don’t want that”. One day I decided to start using it for something besides going to and from the kitchen without having to walk through the corner. I have and interest in voyuerism, particularly the undressing and showering part. So that’s what I started to take part in, locker rooms, dressing rooms you name it I have been there. But I started notice something, sometimes I would stick my head into the wrong room, occasionally it ended up being the bathroom. Then by mistake I would end up sticking around and everything would change.

It was Saturday, my routine would usually entail having breakfast, head to the gym around the corner and shower there. There I knew the women’s room was just on the other side of the wall, I would never really pop my head in for more than a couple of seconds so I wouldn’t be spotted. I never really got a good lay of the room but I knew generally where the showers were and the lockers but I would always pick a new spot along the wall to check out. This time I ended up in the back of one of the stalls. At first I thought “well I guess this is where the toilets are” and I began to back away. Then the door to stall began to open and for some reason I instinctively ducked like I was dodging something. I ended up right next to the back of the toilet, I look up and in walks in a slender blonde woman no more that 24. I had seen her on stairclimber earlier which seems to be popular with the ladies. Her hair was long and straight, no curls, resembling something like angel hair pasta.

She didn’t notice me when she turned around to lock the door so I stayed, I thought to myself “I have wondered what the view would be like down here”. She was tired, definitely full to brim with that water jug she put down in front of her, I could hear the empty metal clank as it reached the tile. She began to wiggle her way out of the leggings she had, her butt was a little too big for that size but she made it. She didn’t sit down though, she got in a position as if she was squatting, her cheeks began to open up, slowly separating from the heat that was accumulated, as she hovered ever so carefully, it began.

She arched slightly back and an amazing hot stream left her body so aggressively yet controlled, it was a strong yellow color with a particular smell but not repulsive. I stared intently for what felt like an eternity, she pulled her cheeks farther apart as if she was giving me a show the blonde hair she had shaped was beautiful manicured and was peeking over the crest of her vulva so gently, it was inviting. Her butthole began to twitch trying to push out the last droplets, with that she gave out a sigh and wiped herself off. I felt myself lick my lips as if I was going to take part in the cleaning but I then pulled away before she could get up and turn around.

When I pulled my head back I was literally shaking with what I can only assume was mixture excitement, fear and arousal. I had never been so hard in my life, it was like being apart of the most intimate viewing I had ever witnessed. It was beautiful, I was different after I pulled out of the stall, from then on I would only want to see that. That was my desire, to be there, to be an audience to an otherwise private matter. Not just in the gym stall but to any stall I deemed a worthy theater of pleasure, to see not just her but to be apart of all the beautiful performances this life has to offer.

If anyone would like me to continue I will but if not I’ll quietly go away lol

*002*2021-07-14 20:06

{{2 minutes ago, ed2 said:

Very interesting concept.

}}

Thanks, its not very well fleshed out because 1. I typed this out on my phone and 2. it was a spur of the moment post.

But I will starting working on part 2 then

*004*2021-08-26 21:23

Apologies to those who wanted more, work has been very exhausting lately and I have not really had much time to think about part 2, but here I am with a continuation of The Toilet Bowl Bandit.

Part 2: A Bandit is born

It had been a few weeks since the first time I viewed what I now refer to as " The Blonde Beauty", simple yet exact name I suppose. In that time, I have witnessed maybe half a dozen other "shows" as I like to call them now. Each one has been different from the last but nothing really compares to that first time, one of them however was quiet the show, I think I would have paid for it if there was a entrance fee for a show like that. She was no more than 25, also at my gym as well, I had witnessed he squatting on the rack adjacent to my me, she has relatively short hair, dark brown and a bob cut. She had a face that exuded a certain type of innocence, the kind you don't usually see among these kinds of women. To me they usually look so stern and focused on whatever exercise they seem to be dedicated to at that moment, but not her.

She seemed soft in a way, not weak or easily pushed aside by others but welcoming if that makes sense, it was like if I went up to her she would probably not be off put by a conversation with a fellow member. Although it was not her face I was immediately drawn to her posture and pose between intervals was eye-catching, almost like she was welcoming the attention. I could clearly tell she had been squatting for some time as her thighs and buttocks was almost chiseled from marble and painted in the dark red leggings she was accustom to wearing. Everything fit so perfectly, however, I never once saw her go to the bathroom after a workout, which seemed odd. Most people usually go in, change, shower, relieve themselves, you know the drill, but she never did that for some reason. I wondered if she ever went to the bathroom at all, maybe I stumble across some creature that was not keen on performance, eventually, my luck changed.

It was a Saturday evening, most common time to see members going at the equipment like it was going out of style, I happened to gaze over at the squat rack and there she was, as beautiful as ever. She was probably half way through her set, it was usually 5 sets of 8, yes I kept track, she would then wipe off the bar do whatever else she did and be on her way. This time though, she seemed impatient, she was pacing a lot, her face would wince in pain now and again after she turned around from re racking the equipment. Then I remembered, I saw her walk in with a much larger thermos, she must have recently gone out and bought a new one thinking she was not drinking enough water, this I could tell was going to be the moment.

As she finished her fifth set, she quickly re racked the bar and grabbed her bottle, the pressure was at tipping point, she could no longer hold it. Right then, I got off the the treadmill I was running on as hurried over to the men's room without making a scene the best I could, I would not miss this show of epic proportions. At this point, I generally knew where the stalls where and which ones were used most frequently, I made my way over to the wall, making sure no one else was in the room and popped my head over. I was crouched down more or less on all fours so I could maneuver as best as I could, while I was getting comfortable I saw her feet glide quickly across the floor, I moved over one stall because I could see her stopping in the front of the door. I placed my head right behind the toilet to I would not be notice, I could hear her fidgeting with the handle in a rush, she sounded flustered.

Then, the door swung open, she ran in behind it and slammed it was significant force, she was panting, mumbling to herself "come on come on come on" as if her body wasn't keeping up with her mind and trying to give it a pep talk. I peaked around the back and saw the curtains come open so fast I was almost shocked by the speed, and she surely did not disappoint. Her vulva was so full and round it looked as if two crescent moons met from top to bottom, creating an entrance to a place I rarely entered myself. As she began to flex her abdomen she grabbed the sides of the stall, as if she was holding herself from the power she was about to display. It was force I had not seen before, the stream was so powerful droplets would splash out on to the floor and some even landing on my face! It produced such a loud hiss that for a moment I was worried for her well being.

Her butthole flexed outwards puckering fully as if ready to receive my kiss, I licked my lips in delight, I felt myself drifting closer to the performer and her glorious display. However I was stopped by the most joyous "Ahhhhhhh" I have ever heard in my life, I could see her eyes were shut and her mouth agape with overwhelming pleasure from her performance, she was a true artist in every sense of the word. As the stream began to fade and her tense posture began to lessen, her delicious butthole let out a soft sound, signifying that the show had come to an end.

She grabbed the toilet paper to her left and I pulled away, not wanting to give away my presence. As I got up from my seat I couldn't help but think, "That was show that no one will ever witness but me, I really feel like an avid theater fan". I exited the men's room ready to head over to my treadmill until I noticed her come out of the women's room, we both caught eyes and I feared that I had been outed, but she smiled, I returned with one as well and she headed for the squat rack to clean off the bar then headed for the door. She really was a kind girl, with a secret talent, that only I would ever know about.

*006*2021-11-30 02:12

Part 3: Growing Interests.

Weeks have passed, my physique seems to have changed dramatically since I became so invested in my gym regiment. I can recall some friends saying that "with time and dedication comes reward", I can now say that they were right. However, there is only so many lovely performers that come to the gym, there are only so many of the same shows I can take part in. I needed to find a new theater and so I took it upon myself to become familiar with other venues with different performers. I spent a week or so around my city, looking for something that would suit my proclivities, I went to clubs, bars, restaurants and even a church! None of these would suit my desires, the talent was either lacking or I believed my presences would be noticed and that is the last thing I wanted during a show.

Then, as I was driving home one day from work, it became so clear, the University! That's it! A revolving door of young talent and at my age of 22 I would neither stand out nor be an oddity, so I decided on that being my new venue but I first needed to take stock of the theaters and their showtimes.

I decided to play the part on weekends and weeknight, I would come to campus every other day and bring a bookbag of old textbooks I had kept from my time at school, Algebra, Earth science and a variety of other topics. I would usually head to the library which was a 3 story behemoth, each level having bathrooms parallel to one another to conserve of space. I spent most of my time there and took stock of everyone who came and went, some of the most beautiful flowers would come in with water bottles the size of my head, starting off full and were slowly worked down to empty vessels as their study session would progress.

Some of these performers were young straight-haired blondes, wearing shorts and hoodie to keep the warm in the constantly cold library. Some were poofy-haired brunettes with glasses and look that says "anti-social is my life". Some even were voluptuous black girls whose breast and ass were what I believed were too good to be true. I have my pick of shows and I witnessed so many lovely ones, a black haired girl in sweatpants pissing a long strong stream between her healthy bush, it looked like a hedge that was carefully manicured. A red head who would flex her butthole several times, sometimes even letting out a small fart like she was blowing me a kiss good bye. One blonde girl who would moan with pleasure after a long thirty second piss, she really loved to pee, sometimes she would come in a rub herself on a days she seemed agitated, like she was missing some kind of joy in her love life. There really was no end in sight to the many shows but then things started to get interesting.

One day, weeks after I began my viewings at the University I had focused my view on an older women, probably somewhere in her early thirties, she had glasses on and she always had her head in a book titled "Intro to Macroeconomics". She had a very special shape to me, her chest was fairly small, probably no larger than a B cup sized, as her body worked its way down her hips would pop out from the sides and slightly spill over the side of her jeans, if she was wearing them. Her eyes were a deep green that reminded me of bright traffic lights for some reason, her hair was always up in a ponytail and was light brown, long enough to reach the bottom of her neck, she was truly the most extravagant of creatures. She always came in on Thursday night and Saturday afternoons and she walked past me as I sat at my table every time, she also would look up at me and smile each time after she would sit down with her book and notepad filled with formulas I had no idea how to describe.

She would be there as I would get up and head to my seat to watch the beautiful women perform but she never went herself, I would sometimes see her glance at me briefly as I came back to my seat. I had seen her do this same routine 4 days in a row, never changing, never reading a different book, always there. Until one day, she brought in a huge green water bottle that had some stickers on it, I had never seen this bottle and it seemed as if she was drinking it rather fast like she was in some kind of hurry. No one else was really there this day, it was a quiet Saturday, no one seemed to be studying except her. I would look up at her to see her drinking more and more until finally she got up, her stomach looked more full than usual but her pace was slow but purposeful, her nose, lips eyes squinted as if in some form of pain, I knew it was time to see something I could never imagine.

I got up not long after her a made my way over to the men's room, I could hear her footsteps as they made it over to the stall on the wall that connected the bathrooms and I got into the position. As I poked my head through she walked into the stall and locked the door behind her but not in a furious way like I would imagine. She was patient, methodical and full to brim with liquids, something I never thought possible.

As she turned around to take off her pants get comfortable she did a little shimmy to get herself out of this fairly tight jeans she liked to much. When her pants came down it revealed a bright red pair of lacy panties, something that looked out of a lingerie magazine, I thought they were so beautiful and was was underneath was even greater. As the panties came down it revealed and sweet-looking full pair of lightly tanned buttcheeks and in the center was a healthy and frim butthole that formed slightly dark but clean anus, no smell, no sweat, it was really something else.

Above all was her vagina, it was layered so gently upon itself, as she bent over to sit you could see full and dark outer layer that was covered in smooth and short pubic hair that seemed to have been trimmed recently, with the inner lips tightly kept together until she got comfortable where they opened up just slightly to release the pee I knew she had. As I waited with anticipation, she breathed sharply and as she released so did her bladder, the stream filled her lovely vulva, not spraying hard but coming out calmly, reaching out across her left and right buttcheeks and some making its was up on to her anus.

It was a long piss, one of those very good-feeling ones that make your day so much better, the stream began to fade as it did she released a loud had audible "aaahhhhhh", then her butthole tightened and let out a light but forceful fart, letting me know that she had finished. I could have died in the moment and not worried about the afterlife, I had seen true beauty, but as I was pulling away to leave I heard her say "Well sweetheart, I'm ready for you to clean me, you know I can't walk out of here like this".

I froze,

Scared,

"was that said to me?",

"does she know I'm here?"

So I chose to respond with "you know I came to watch you?". She chuckled slightly and said "you think I brought that huge water bottle for myself? I know you like to watch so I wanted you to see". After she finished her sentence she grabbed both of her cheeks and said "you better do it before someone comes in, I wouldn't want you to miss your treat", so I happily obliged. As I stuck my tongue out, she had begun to arch herself forward as if she knew I was starting from the top. I began to lick her pussy from the top of her clit to bottom between her butt, it tasted so wonderful, it did not revolt me, it engorged me, my heart was beating so fast I thought I would die.

She started to giggle and sway her hips left and right saying "make sure you get every drop, you wouldn't want me to dirty my panties would you?", "of course not, you picked a good pair" I responded. She then said to me "don't be afraid, I haven't pooped yet today so my butthole won't taste bad", with her confirmation I ran my tongue all the way around and even a little inside just to make sure I got everything clean for her. "I think I'm done" I said with still a bit of confusion in my voice. She then said "I think you did a good job sweetheart thank you so much" she then got up, turned around and smiled at me from above, the same way she did when we would catch eyes at our tables. I was not exactly sure what had happened, but I needed to get up and find out right away!

