Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 13

Author: Poowrite

*301*2015-09-28 17:37

Sorry for my absence, everyone! Been a busy month, and the only time I ever have to spend writing has been consumed with other, more pressing issues. I hope to get an update up this week though!

*308*2015-10-05 04:18

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Mostly Empty / Empty

You thank Ulrich and Peter for their help and tell them that you need to be on your way.

“Careful out there, girl,” Ulrich warns. “Something evil and powerful lurks in the night. You have done well, you and your friend. But do not waste time in the shadows. Make your way to Temple Dawn and shelter yourself under the blessings of Mykona.” You nod, then with a final goodbye make your way out into the streets.

Ulrich's advice about not lingering in the shadows is solid, but you have no intention of leaving Lucius on his own any longer than you have to. You make your way back through the the dark streets to the square from before. You cannot hear the sounds of battle in the distance, nor can you hear the moans of the undead. That was a good sign, right? That meant he killed them? Or... maybe it just meant they were too busy eating his body to make any noise.

The streets seem to stretch on forever. The trip back toward the square feels like it takes even longer than the trip away from it, even though you had been dangerously close to messing your trousers then. You feel a tightness in your throat as you draw closer to where you left Lucius. Over and over again you tell yourself that the silence up ahead is a good sign, but your mind refuses to let go of the image of Lucius' still body being gnawed on by what remains of the zombie horde.

You enter the square with a knot in your chest, and feel an almost bewildering sense of relief when you find twelve undead corpses. You exhale, realizing only now that you've been holding your breath for the past several seconds.

Lucius was still alive. Or, at the very least he hadn't been killed here. He probably made his way to the stables. With any luck, he'd be waiting for you there. With any luck, he'll be waiting with the horses bridled and towing the cart. You pull out the map of Dawnswall. It takes you a few moments to get your bearings, but eventually you're able to figure out where you need to go.

You set off to the East. The buildings cast long shadows over the cobblestone streets, like the fingers of some hellbeast blotting out the meager moon and starlight. Your footsteps echo an eery rhythm as you make your way between the structures. The night, you realize, is much more unsettling without Lucius there with you.

You feel a tingle at the back of your neck and whirl around. Your right hand shoots to the hilt of your sword, your eyes narrow to try to take in more of the light. You stare into the shadows behind you for several seconds, trying to pick out the slightest motion in the darkness. The only sound is the thudding in your chest and the occasional whistle of the wind.

Just when you are about to write this off as nerves, you catch a slight movement in the darkness. Your hands tighten around the hilt of your weapon and you pull on it, ensuring that it is free in its scabbard. The shadows move again. Something is approaching. In the darkness, you can just make out a humanoid shape. Could it be Lucius?

You stand your ground until the figure emerges from the shadows. The moonlight illuminates a sleek humanoid form. It's flesh is open in various places and a viscous, black fluid oozes from the wounds. From the elbow down, the monster's left arm is a ragged stump. Black eyes stare at you with recognition, and an angry, hissing roar fills the night. The monster you and Lucius faced has returned... and it wants your blood.

You grit your teeth. You held your own against the monster before and now it was injured. Perhaps you could defeat it. Or, maybe if you ran quickly enough you could reach the stables. Lucius was probably waiting for you there, the two of you together could defeat it, you're sure...

1. Finish the monster on your own!

2. Run to the stables and see if you can find help!

3. Other

*316*2015-10-13 04:49

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Mostly Empty / Empty

You ignore the monster's chilling, angry screech. Myra had needed your help, but you realize now how dangerous it had been to let this monster go. It had the look of a wounded animal, driven mad by pain. Letting it live had put the citizens of Dawnswall at risk. But now you are being given an opportunity to finish the job, and you have no intention of letting it pass.

You inhale deeply, drawing aether into yourself, channeling it through your body to your hands. The monster explodes into motion, but barely gets two steps before you bring your right hand up hard. You tear chunks of cobblestone from the streets, sending a hail of stony shrapnel toward the charging monster.

There is a satisfying cry of pain as several jagged stones embed themselves in the monster's sleek flesh, but the monster barely slows. Your eyes widen as it pounces, launching itself at you like a missile. You barely manage to bring a shield of magic to bear. It saves you from having your bones crushed, but the monster hits you with tremendous force. You feel the wind rush from your lungs as you are lifted from your feet and driven hard into the ground. There is a dizzying flash of pain as you land on your left shoulder.

The creature has you pinned beneath it. It's weight bears down on your chest like a mountain, making it hard to draw breath. Your arm throbs, a numbing pain reaches all the way down to the tips of your fingers. Fortunately, you never stopped collecting aether, and you put some of that stored energy to work now, dulling the pain and sharpening your focus. You see the monster rear back, its remaining arm high above it's head, its hand balled into a tight fist.

You react just in time. You nudge the creature's hand to the right just as it begins to come down. You feel the wind from the monster's blow and a spray of dirt and broken stone against your cheek as the creature's hand crashes harmlessly into the cobblestones just to the side of your head.

You thrust both arms forward. Your left arm cries out in protest, but you ignore it. You push on the monster with a wave of magic, forcing it off your chest just enough for you to reach down to your hip and draw your sword. You thrust the weapon forward with all of your strength. The blade strikes like a steel viper, puncturing the monster's stomach and pushing all the way through to the other side.

It shrieks and you withdraw your blade. You thrust forward again, but the monster has already abandoned it's seat on your chest. You scamper to your feet as quickly as you can, never taking your eyes off the wounded creature.

It charges you again before you can fully find your footing. You push off against the ground with your magic, propelling yourself backwards. You hear a *whoosh* as the powerful monster's hand crashes through the space you had just been occupying. After avoiding the blow, you land on your toes. This time, you launch yourself forward while the monster is still off-balance. You slice a deep line across its thigh and your momentum carries you past the creature. You twist your body, slashing high and cutting deep across the monster's back.

The monster whirls on you, and you tense your muscles, ready for it to charge you again. Instead, it's arm thrusts forward. You hop backwards out of it's range, but realize too late that it hadn't been trying to strike you. You recognize the subtle tingle of magic being used and recall the icy ax this monster had summoned just moments before a brilliant flash of light explodes in your face.

The spell doesn't harm you, but it blinds you almost completely. All but defenseless now, you feel a smooth, strong hand wrap tight around your throat. It forces you against the wall of one of the many buildings to either side of you. It pulls you away from the wall, then drives you into it hard.

“AHHHH!” you can't suppress a cry of pain as the tremendous impact jars your entire body. It pulls you away from the wall, and you have the presence of mind to realize that it's plan is to smash you against the side of this building... or to choke you to death. Whichever comes first. Maybe both. ”No... dammit... I was almost ready...” you think.

Fueled by your desperation, you begin to hack at the monster with all of your strength. The edge of your blade bites into the monster's side, it's thigh, it's hip. It roars, and slams you against the wall again. You grit your teeth as a wave of nausea washes over you and continue to strike. You can feel its grip around your throat loosening, your attacks finally seem to be catching up to it.

Realizing it can't defend itself against your hacking without its other arm, it throws you aside and staggers away from you. Your vision is beginning to clear, you can see a gray blur standing before you, but can't tell how far away it is. You drop your sword. You can't hope to fight the monster up close until your vision clears, but you don't need to either.

For the entire fight, you've been drawing the aether into yourself. You can feel yourself brimming with it, an ocean of latent energy sitting in your belly just waiting to be unleashed. You begin to channel the energy, sending it through your body, down your arms. The aches and pains of the battle fade as raw power crackles around you. You focus on the bleeding, injured monster standing before you and in the moment before you unleash your attack you see the realization that it's about to be destroyed register in its empty eyes.

You bring your right hand up hard, creating tremendous blast of wind. It howls as it screams through the alley. Your red hair whips wildly around your face. The monster tries to limp away, but it's already too late. You thrust your left had forward, unleashing an enormous gout of fire. The gale from the vortex you've created pulls the flame along behind it. Red, orange, and blue light illuminate the light as a rushing river of flame floods the narrow alley. You feel an intense heat, hear the screeching wail of your opponent as the fire sears away its gray skin. As your tremendous release of magic finally subsides, a charred husk drops to the ground.

You glance around. The cobblestones and buildings are covered in soot, but this time you were careful to control your magic and not set fire to the city around you. You breathe a sigh of relief. Gathering so much aether had put you at personal risk, your throbbing arm and aching throat were a testament to that, but without it you wouldn't have been able to control the tremendous burst of energy. Every building on either side of the alley would be crumbling to ash. Your injuries would heal much more quickly than the city would have healed from so much collateral damage.

You groan as you bend down to pick up your saber. You sigh as you slide the weapon back into its scabbard. There would be consequences to using so much magic. You'd be stuck in Temple Dawn's privy all night at this rate, but it would be worth it if you could get yourself, Lucius, and everyone else back at the inn to safety.

Your left arm hurts, but after a cursory check it doesn't seem like anything is broken. It would be swollen and purple in the morning, and stiff unless you used a constant flow of magic to strengthen it or keep it loose but at least it wouldn't be useless. Other than that, you've escaped the encounter with a few bumps, bruises, and scrapes. If you came out of the night with nothing more you would consider yourself fortunate.

You collect your sword, and after waiting a few minutes for your vision to clear completely check your map to reestablish your bearings. By the time you've resumed your journey to the stables you can feel the familiar pressure of a full bladder between your legs. It wouldn't belong before your stomach started to feel heavy as well, and both urges would escalate quickly. With any luck, you'd have a chance to relieve yourself before returning to the inn.

As you make your way through the streets, you hear the sounds of footsteps on cobblestone ahead of you, approaching fast. You groan. You weren't ready for another fight just yet. Nevertheless, your hand dips to the hilt of your sword, you duck into the darkest part of the shadows and wait.

The rythmic *clop* *clop* *clop* of boots on the ground draws nearer. It sounds like a single set of footsteps, and if you had to guess it sounded like they were running. Could be a citizen begin chased down. Your body tenses as the sound grows closer. Your grip tightens on the hilt of your sword.

Suddenly, a familiar figure emerges from the shadows. The pale moonlight falls on Lucius like a spotlight. You breathe a sigh of relief and step out of the shadows as he runs past. “Lucius!” you call after him.

He stops and turns to face you. “Calista! Mykona be praised. I saw something... a flash like an explosion or something,” he says.

“That wasn't an explosion. An explosion would have destroyed the city. That was a very large, very controlled blast of fire,” you point out. “What, did you think my own magic blew up in my face?”

“Well... I wasn't sure what to think. I was waiting at the stables for you and saw... well, I thought it was an explosion, and I thought it might be you and that you might need my help.”

“Well, you were right on one count. It was me.”

“I should've known better to think you'd need my help,” he laughs. “I... guess it was pretty foolish of me to come running after you. I could've been ambushed or we could have lost even more time while I scoured the streets for you. It's fortunate we ran into each other.” You nod your agreement. “So, what was that back there? And what of Myra?”

You go over everything that happened as quickly as you can, covering everything from delivering Myra to her Uncle and Grandfather to the battle with the gray-skinned creature. He smiles and shakes his head when you finished.

“A river of fire. Calista, if I hadn't seen your handiwork first hand I would swear you were lying to me. Come with me, the stables aren't far.”

1. Walk to the stables in silence.

2. Ask Lucius about what happened to him when the two of you separated.

3. Scold Lucius for leaving the stables and risking wasting time.

4. Other.

Calista's Condition has gone from Perfect to Okay

Calista's Bladder has gone from Mostly Empty to Full

Calista's Bowels have gone from Empty to Mostly Empty

