The Diapering of the Shrew

Author: Rain_Attica

*000*2023-01-30 02:35

This is another story, set in the same universe as another story I posted in here called "I Wet Myself for Mistress Columbia". The plot is, a horny degenerate psychopath decides to get cute, loses her diaper virginity, has a huge accident, and gets Mommied.

There is a lot of sexually explicit stuff in this one, as well as lots of vulgar language. There are multiple instances of wetting and masturbation, and one instance of diaper wetting and messing.

You've been warned!

&&

Here is the narrator, and the main character of this one- Seliyne. It's not TOTALLY accurate, but this is a commission of a game character that I based her on.

&&

Mist is also in this one, as well. She's kind of the main character of the whole universe, I guess.

The Diapering of the Shrew

I'm gonna tell you guys an embarrassing story.

Normally, I wouldn't tell a damn soul about something like this. It's, you know, really embarrassing. But, after that experience... I've come to realize that it feels kind of good, to fess up about something like this. It's hot, you know. I've got a reputation to protect and all that, but honestly, who the hell are *you* gonna tell? You'd out yourself as being a nasty little pervert that gets into shit like this, anyhow. I bet you got your dick in your hand right now, reading this paragraph, thinking you're gonna beat off to some filthy, degenerate shit, huh? Well, you're right. It's gonna be a pretty nasty story.

I'm gonna tell you the story of the time I got caught by my boss.

Not caught masturbating, I mean. That sort of shit happens all the time. Nah, I'm not embarrassed about that. I don't even stop, half the time. It's their fault for walking in on me. I have a door, they have a fist, and hopefully now they've got an inkling to fucking knock next time. Though, one time, one of my coworkers... roommates, allies- whatever. Anyway, one time she just came in and screwed me. I was totally blown away- She always struck me as a real ice cold bitch, all business, no play, fuckin' cobwebs in her vagina. I didn't find any cobwebs when I checked in there with my tongue, though.

Yeah, I'm basically horny as fuck. Indulgent, shameless, violent- you know the type. I'm the Vice-Lieutenant of the Enforcement branch of Chimera, you may have heard of it- we basically conquered a third of the galaxy. Killing's good business. It's a good job, you know. I get to indulge in all kinds of violent desires. You never work a day in your life if you love your job, right? Money's decent, too. Oh, my name- Seliyne, that's pronounced "Sell-een", like that one singer. People call me Seli, usually. I'm barely over five feet tall, I got a chest like a pre-teen boy. I'm the wiry, quick type- agile and ruthless. I pride myself on that.

I'm also red all over. Cliff notes version here; I'm a Luciferian. Reddish skin, sharp little brow ridges- We basically look like demons. That's because, technically, we are demons. Long, long time ago, back when your planet was still in it's dark ages, we were a fairly sizable Empire, and we were at war with Seraphs. Serpahs look pretty, have wings, can manipulate the mind to produce illusions, and are totally fucking full of themselves. A few squabbles over your primitive little planet, they tricked dumb humans into worshipping them, working for them. It set the foundation for your early era religions. Demons, angels, that stuff. Truth is, we were just aliens the whole time.

I wasn't in that war, though. That was like, millennia ago. I'm only 23. I just know what I read in the history books. Humans run the show now, and you see maybe one, two Luciferians for every like, hundred thousand humans or some shit.

I'm also technically a Psion. This is a real big secret, so keep quiet about it. The Psionic order *really* doesn't like non-human Psions, so I never joined the order, never got any training with my powers. I just had to teach myself. I developed my own style of killing with my powers. It works pretty well for me, but I can't really hold a candle to someone who's gotten actual training, like my boss. I'm what they call a "Dusk Psion", I can manipulate gravity. It's harder than it seems. I can't do shit like, make singularities, or pull meteors out of space like some of the top dogs can- but I can make myself lighter and heavier at will. It's real handy for acrobatics.

They say that Dusk Psions are naturally depraved. Something about the glands in the brain that let us use our powers having an affect on our psychology, I guess. This might explain my nature, but I think I'd probably be like this no matter what. I like to drink, fight, fuck. I do some real freaky sex shit. Guys, girls- whatever. I even fucked an android once. I can't seem to get enough of it, so I masturbate a lot, too. I've tried almost every fetish you can think of, but my favorite is toilet stuff. You know, piss and all that.

That's what I was doing, when we start this story. I've got my usual set up going on- towels under my desk chair, plastic on the chair itself, a half-dozen porn channels up on my view screen. I've been holding it awhile, and I know I'm gonna pop. The pangs of pain from my lower abdomen, the sweat on my brow. I can feel the hair on the back of my neck starting to rise. "Hnnn... Nnnn... Hnnn..." I'm moaning, bouncing my knees like I'm impatiently waiting for something. I've got my vibrating wand, the "Cum-maker 5000" in my hand, sliding it down, pushing on my clit through my pants. It's about to happen. "Ah... ahhhhh... ah-- nnnn!!"

I can't hold it anymore. It starts to trickle out, then gushes though the fabric of my panties in a solid stream. The wand's making pee splatter all over my thighs. "Ooooh, ohh, ooooohhh..." I'm moaning. I throw my head back, losing myself in it. I can feel it spreading across my ass, soaking into my pants. I can hear it running off the edge of my chair, dripping down on the towels underneath. As I totally drench myself, the wand brings me to a thunderous climax- you know, I'm moaning and screaming super loud. My "Roommates" can definitely hear me, but I have never, ever given a shit about that.

I let arms drop down to my sides, the wand clattering to the floor as I drop it. I've got this contented, almost smug expression of pleasure and relief on my face. I squirm a bit, feeling my piss splash around on my seat, under my butt. Often times, I'll just stay this way for awhile. I like to be disgusting, sometimes. It brings me a sort of pleasure that's different- definitely sexual, but of a more perverse nature. I sit up and lean forward, rubbing and squeezing my wet pants idly, going to click off the porn channels- when something catches my eye.

This is the embarrassing part. It's an advertisement for diapers. You know, the fetish kind of diapers. I don't typically indulge in them, it's not quite my thing. But these ones... they're adorable. They're all bright, pink, girly. They're patterned with flowers. My mouth starts to slowly fall open as I stare at them awhile. Before I even realize it, I'm waving my hand and flicking two fingers over the ad- and just like that, I bought them. Advertising is real fucked up stuff, honestly. You just start clicking and buying before your brain cells fire.

I want those diapers more than anything, right now. It's not because of the fetish, really- it's because of the cuteness. This is my big secret, my real, real shameful secret- psychopathic, violent, horny, filthy Seli likes to be cute, sometimes. Yeah, I like to wear poofy, colorful little dresses, lacy stockings, frilly sleeves, alright? I'll even pose in front of the mirror- sometimes I even do those god-awful cutesy little dances you see all over the Galacta-cast. I already know exactly what outfit I'm gonna wear those diapers with. I can see it in my mind, now- those garish, pink poofy garments on my bottom, sticking out from underneath the shortest mini-skirt you've ever seen. I can see the shy, embarrassed look I'll make when I wet myself in them. I can even see the pout on my lips, the forced tears running down my cheeks, the expression of shame when I shit myself in these gay-ass, flowery little diapers.

"I'm gonna cum so goddamn hard," I say to myself. I'm broken out of my trance by a sharp rap at my door. "Thirty minutes until deployment. Get yourself ready. And take a shower, will you? I can smell you through this door!"

Columbia Jacosta, of course. One of my 'coworkers'. "Fuck off, Jacosta!" I sneer and give the middle finger to the door, as if she can see me. I never liked her. Arrogant, prissy cunt. Thinks she's so damn smart, so damn special. The single redeeming quality of hers, other than that tight ass she's got, is the fact that she likes to piss on me sometimes. I set out to getting the room cleaned up- I want everything to be tidy for my special dress-up time, once I get back from the mission.

###

The Initalizer. That's what Mist named her ship. Kind of a stupid name, if you ask me- I think she was just trying to come up with something that sounded cool. When I asked about it, she gave me some shit about this ship being the initial incision that will kill the Psionic Empire with a million cuts. That's the REAL purpose of Chimera. The foundation touts all this bullshit about liberation, new opportunity, the unshackling of chains, but really, this is all just about deposing the power. Confusing, I know, since Mist is a Psion too. It's like a revenge thing. Don't think too hard about it.

Anyway, that's the name of the ship. We all basically live here, the six top dogs of the Chimera Foundation, plus the boss, Mist. It's not too bad of a place. Nothing fancy, not too roomy, but it isn't cramped. The halls and floors are all winding, though, and it's real easy to get lost if you're drunk. I got put in a room near the sublight engines. They're noisy, but I'm used to it by now. I had originally chosen a room near the starboard bow, but I guess they got tired of hearing me screaming at the monitors when I'm losing in a game, or cumming loudly and violently, so they made me move. Upside to this room in the back is that it's got a washroom connected directly to it. This comes in real handy, as you may have guessed, when you've got a fetish for peeing everywhere.

First thing I do is toss my swords at the wall. I curl my finger and use a little space magic, and they gently float themselves right onto the magnetic docks built into the wall plaque. I step out of my carbo-steel plated combat boots, kick them towards the other wall. I take a deep breath in, close my eyes, and let it out through my nostrils, relaxing and decompressing my body. As I'm exhaling, I let go of my bladder, and piss myself. This is sort of a ritual for me- I don't do it every time, but I usually do. There's something incredible about the sensation, after getting done chopping heads. I'm still hopped up on all that adrenaline and bloodlust, and when I do this, it all sort of just... comes out of me.

It all came out of my bladder, too. It's noisy, splashing and splattering on the floor between my legs, running down my tights into my socks. It's hot and wet across my lap, down the inside of my legs. "Aaahhhh..." A little sigh of relief escapes me, and once I finish, I flick my hand to drag a towel over the puddle with my powers, and then go sit right in front of my console, plopping my wet ass into the seat like it's not a big deal. I giggle to myself at the way my wet butt squelches in the fake leather. My eye is drawn to the counter in the corner of the room that has my Microportal on it.

Brief explanation: Microportals are space mailboxes. You order something on the Galacta-cast, you punch in your portal code, they pack it up for you, and drop the item through your portal. Big things have to be shipped still, though. Now, you may be wondering, "What's to stop someone from using your portal code to break into your room?" The answer is nothing. I killed a man this way once, back when I was a regular run of the mill Mercenary. Most people wouldn't fit through a microportal, though. I'm just that small.

I had almost completely forgotten about what I ordered before I got sent out to fuck around and wreak some havoc. They were here. The packaging was discreet, but from the pink color and the flowers, I knew exactly what it was. "Fuckin' poggers," I say to myself as I hop out of my seat and rip open the packaging, running my fingers over the crinkly plastic backing. I pinch the padding, just to see what it felt like. I looked down at my pee-soaked leggings with a little frown, feeling like I sort of wasted that one, but the prep work I was gonna have to do, I'd be ready to go again in no time.

One cleaned-up piss puddle and a bottom half shower later, I was ready to start dressing up. I tousled my hair with a towel, threw it haphazardly at the laundry chute, and pulled one of the diapers out of the box. I unfolded it, laid it on the bed, and stared at it like a damn retard. A flick of my wrist dragged one of my viewscreens over, and after searching "How to diaper" "How to diaper adult" "How to WEAR dieper adult" "What the fuck is diaper tape" "Cute Twink Boys in diapers" and a few other unimportant things, I finally figured out how to go about the process. Unfortunately, I fucked it up the first time, but I still had plenty left.

Eventually, I got it right. I ran my palm over the puffy front of the humiliatingly cute diaper I was wearing. I kneaded my fingers into it, pushed the padding against my pussy. I was in love. "Why the fuck did I take so long to try these things?" I asked myself, sliding off my bed and onto my feet, to have a look at myself in the mirror. I was totally awed at how... CUTE, I looked. Completely nude, save for the flashy pink diaper- the light tone of it contrasted wonderfully with my ruby red skin. I turned on my heel, looking over my shoulder so I could get a glance at my padded butt. My cheeks were already red, but if they could, they would have gotten redder. "C-... Cute..." I damn near whispered to myself.

I felt like a princess. For a few good minutes I just pranced and twirled around, giggling like a child. My head felt light, tingly. "Cute. I'm cute. Cute diaper baby Seli. Mm." I had not even hour-old memories of literally setting a man on fire and Psionic kicking him into his allies, and here I was fawning and cooing over a god damn diaper. I pulled my lower lip down with my index finger, staring at myself in the mirror and trying to look as head-empty as possible. "Widdle baby Seli needs her diapers!" I taunted myself, as if I were speaking to another person. "I need my diapers in case I have an accident!"

This was when I remembered that diapers were originally intended for going to the bathroom in. I was thrilled about this- I squatted down, clenched my fists, and tried to soil myself. I stopped short, though- "No- I'm being impatient," I murmured. "Everything in it's right time." It was time to begin the method.

First, the intake of water, and maybe a few shots to take the edge off the nervousness. Then, a few medications that I borrowed permanently from Columbia's Medlab without asking (Fuck you, Jocasta) that help make things a little bit more, mmm, 'difficult to control', shall we say. Now, it was time to dress up. I had a number of cute clothes hidden in a secret drawer underneath a box that's behind some spare ship parts. Don't tell anyone where I keep my stash. Today, I'm going with the frilly white dress. It has a big pink ribbon on the front, gold tassels, lace patterns, and a matching skirt that was so short it might as well have just been a tutu. (I also have a tutu.) I also wore white flat slippers, with ribbons that went up my legs. My hair is a little short, but it's long enough that I can pull it into two tiny pig tails on the sides. Next comes the pink lipstick, the concealer, the eye shadow, the mascara...

I've done this enough times that it doesn't take too long, by now. Once everything was done, I went back to my bedroom mirror to look at myself. My mouth hung open just a bit, and I simply stared. I was adorable. This, the whole thing... with this crinkly, big, obvious diaper on my butt, it was all so much better than I could have imagined. I was so excited I peed a little bit. "Oop! Not yet, sweetie~" I chided my own urethra, rubbing my diaper against my crotch.

At this point, I'm starting to feel a little desperate. I put it out of my mind- for this one, I don't want to have any control. I twist and turn in the mirror, making cute faces, putting my fingers up in a V, sucking playfully on my thumb. After preening for awhile, I turn to head back to my lovely fake leather seat and distract myself with games until I get more desperate, when I hear the hydraulic hiss of the door behind me. The color drains out of my face, leaving my cheeks as pink as the shade of my diaper.

You remember when I said that I got caught by my boss? This was it. "Seli," Mist said with that creepy-ass, emotionally dead tone of voice that she always had. She was looking down at a datapad, so I had just enough time to get behind my chair. She might see me in this ridiculous get up, but she wasn't seeing that diaper, so help me. "I need your after-battle report--"

It may have been the very first time in my life I had ever seen Mist stunned. Well, she always wears that freaky helmet and full-body suit, so I can't really say I've ever ACTUALLY seen Mist at all. Anyway, the way she stared at me from behind that black visor saying absolutely nothing communicated more emotion than I would have seen if I could actually see her face. Meanwhile, I looked like a fucking crack addict, with my eyes wide open like that. "GET THE FUCK OUT!!" I screamed at her.

"Well," She replied, frustratingly cool and collected. She clipped her datapad to her belt, and went to turn around. "It seems that you are a girl, after all. I'll speak to you later." I reached behind me and picked up an empty beer can, chucking it at her in a rage. "DON'T YOU FUCKING KNOW HOW TO KNOCK?" I continued to berate her as the beer can bounced harmlessly off her reinforced carbon plastic helmet. It is frustratingly impossible to get a rise out of her, so she just ignores me and goes on her way. Mortified, I slump down and sit in my seat, and my diaper crinkles audibly as I fall on it.

Mist stops.

I'm about to cry, but I'm holding it back- bad enough that I got seen in this gay ass skirt, I can't let them know I CRY too. I do cry sometimes, it's true. I'm not made of steel or anything. I'm rubbing my eyes with both hands, acting like I'm just frustrated, when I realize I haven't heard her leave yet. "What was that sound?" the boss asks. I drop my hands and put them in my lap, tugging the tiny skirt down. She can't see it if I'm sitting on it, right? "W- what sound?" I lie. I hear my door shut, but she didn't leave. A cold sweat is beading on the back of my neck, and I'm starting to feel a twisting in my gut that could either be fear, anxiety, or bathroom desperation.

"Why don't you leave me the FUCK alone!?" I scowled back at her, and with a *foomp*, I was effortlessly lifted up in the air. I squealed with shock and tugged my skirt down in vain. I'd wondered about this kind of situation, whether I could beat Mist in a fight- But I don't think I could do it without my weapons. I mean shit, she's got actual academy training. She's basically a Jedi, and I'm a cracked out adrenaline junkie that can do flips. "Ah, I see. That's what that sound was," the cruel and unusual bitch taunted me, reaching up and prodding my diapers with a finger. "I see now that not only are you a girl, but a little girl at that."

The rollercoaster of emotions I was experiencing had just left the tracks and crashed, like when you build a shitty coaster on Rollercoaster Tycoon. I bit my lower lip and screwed up my face, but I couldn't hold it back anymore. "I- h--h-- hate--" I stammered miserably, tears starting to streak down my cheeks. "Y- you..."

But it didn't matter if I hated her, or if I said anything at all. I was defeated, here. There was no way out, no going back, no going forward. I got floated back down, and to my astonishment, I was gently shushed. "A crybaby little girl, too? Isn't that endearing." I sniffled and tried to get myself back into my usual aloof and shameless frame of mind, but I couldn't. Mist lowered me down right in front of her, and reached up to rub away my tears with her thumb. It was at this point that I really hated my shortness- she seemed like a giant in comparison, the way I had to look up at her.

"Now, now. There's no need to be sad," She cooed to me. Her voice sounded sweet and motherly to me, even if it was still dead and emotionless. Maybe I was in a state of shock, or just desperate for some kind of approval, but I enjoyed it. I felt... so vulnerable. This was a new feeling, something I hadn't experienced before during my dalliances with cuteness. "I won't share your adorable little secret. You might not be aware, but I happen to be very good at keeping secrets." This much I knew for certain- nobody even knew what this bitch looked like. I felt like I could trust her.

I wanted to be comforted. Words and logic were sort of failing me, but it was like she knew exactly what I wanted, and invited me into her arms. I buried my face in her breasts- I was always envious of those perfect titties Mist had. Even trapped inside of that suit, they still felt soft to me. "It is about time that you realized you needed these," she gently teased me, reaching back and patting my diapered bottom condescendingly. "Did you think I hadn't noticed how much laundry you go through?" My voice was muffled, but I managed to sheepishly reply "...No...", starting to accept my fate.

Cute. I was being cute, babyish, and sweet- and I was doing it in front of a person. In front of my BOSS, of all people. How did she know how to do this, how to treat me like this? Why did I suddenly feel all okay with what was going on? Just as I was sorting these emotions, I felt that tremor in my belly. My knees unconsciously pinched together. I didn't have much time left. I ought to have been far too ashamed to do THAT in front of her, but... A little groan escaped me, and I wet a little bit. "My," my tormentor turned caretaker commented dryly. "I see a little girl who's going to have an accident. You can't make it to the washroom? It's just right there."

This inspired me, for some reason, even though I had put them on to use them in the first place. I wanted to make it! Or try to make it, anyway. I wanted to impress her, so I took a few bumbling steps towards the washroom, but a cramp froze me in my tracks. I was really sweating now- this was gonna be a bad one. I leaked a little again- at this point, I typically know I'm past the point of no return. But Mist, she stepped up behind me, put her gloved hands on my hips tenderly. "Just give up," She whispered to me.

This was so much more different than I had expected. Typically it's simple, I groan and writhe, I lose control, I squirm in my filth, make myself cum a few times, and then I'm done. Simple and clean- well, figuratively clean. This time, when I heard those words, I experienced a sort of... sinking sensation, in my head. I felt comfortable, warm... free, in a way. I obeyed, and proceeded to *massively* wet and soil my diapers. I just... lost control. I no longer felt like I NEEDED control. I started by just gushing piss, relaxing and wetting myself. It felt so wonderfully warm, and I could feel it spread all over my crotch. I could feel my diaper swelling up, forcing my legs apart.

My legs quaked, and I dipped down a little bit, and the rest came, too. It was filthy, like I expected- totally uncontrollable. All kinds of disgusting noises came from my backside. I could feel a flush of heat in my cheeks. I felt dirty, and usually when I feel dirty, it turns me on- but not this time. I was mostly just astounded- I kept looking down because I couldn't believe that I was having this kind of total loss of control, but everything was... contained.

Suddenly I felt weak. I felt this rush of blood to my head, and I wobbled and began to fall backwards. But she was there... she caught me. "I suppose you do need those diapers after all. Fascinating. In such a short time, you've become an adorable, stinky little baby. Is it everything you had hoped for?" She asked, but I wasn't really listening. I was enraptured by this feeling- I felt utterly filthy, but it also felt incredible. I had to see. Once I found my feet again, I waddled over to the bedroom mirror, to look at myself.

My cute pink diapers were swollen from my accident. The bulge on my bottom was enormous, clearly visible. I had to touch it- tracing my fingertips over it. "C-- cute..." I muttered to myself again. Somehow, being in a dirty, soiled diaper made the whole outfit look even cuter. I couldn't help but to suck on the tip of my finger, and stare obsessively into the mirror, like that stupid-ass dude who died from staring at his own reflection for too long. "Very cute," Mist concurred, coming to stand behind me. My knees felt weak again, and I slowly slid down until I was sitting on the floor with my knees bent, right in my accident.

"Is it time for a change, little one?" She asked me, and I shook my head. No, I was enjoying this. "Ah, I see. You *want* to be a stinky diaper baby, yes?" I giggled, and although I could hear my own voice, it felt as if it were very far away. "Y-yea... I wanna just... mm..." I unconsciously rocked back and forth, making the whole thing worse. "How... are you doing all this sh... shi..." The word wouldn't come out. I just couldn't say it, I was incapable of swearing for some reason, which is sort of like a fish being incapable of swimming. "I have dabbled in such a thing before, with a previous lover, long ago. Allow me to show you some more..."

Mist hooked one of her arms under mine, and lifted me up, guiding me over to my bed. She plucked my vibrating wand out of my drawer of sex toys like she had always known it was there, and pushed it against my soaked diaper. It wasn't nearly as intense as usual, but eventually, she brought me to climax with it. It took some coercing, as I had started to become more bratty and sullen, but she eventually got me into a clean diaper, too. I had no idea how long it had been, but eventually I was calmed and soothed, and I ended up sitting in her lap, facing her and resting my head on her chest, eyes glazed over and ready for a nap.

"When you are feeling this urge," Mommy Mist cooed to me, rubbing my back to keep me relaxed, "You may come to my quarters. I still have many cute little things that would be perfect for you." I murmured some kind of understanding in response, turning my head the other way and bringing my thumb into my mouth. As I closed my eyes, I was vaguely aware of a not-at-all urgent need to pee. Normally I could hold it, but I was compelled to just let go, and wet my diapers again. The hissing sound of my pee against the padding was almost like a soothing white noise.

"Silly, wet little girl," Mist teased me- but I was already long gone, and fast asleep.

*002*2023-02-04 14:49

{{On 1/30/2023 at 9:02 PM, Avon said:

You gotta keep going with these, damn. Both this story and the last one were absolute fire, hats off to you for this fine work.

}}

Thank you! I apologize for taking so long to get back to you, I am not super active on the site. I have sudden bursts of inspiration, every once in a long, long while.

Check out this if you want to read some of my earlier work! I have people who have been waiting ages for the sequels to these stories, but I don't know if I'll ever get to them. You see, I have severe ADHD. I am very good at starting stories, not so good at finishing them.

Chimera is part of my 'Magnum Opus' if you will, a fantasy that I've been kicking around for more than a decade. So, I am hoping to complete more chapters of these stories in particular, since they're of great importance to me!

$iframe allowfullscreen="" data-embedauthorid="85041" data-embedcontent="" data-embedid="embed6807925288" style="height:206px;max-width:500px;" data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/67262-suramar-night-and-other-horrible-shameless-stories/?do=embed"

