"Suramar Night" and other horrible, shameless stories

Author: Rain_Attica

*000*2021-04-18 22:20

Listen, I'm sorry about this, but I really just have to. This idea- no, this vision has been in my mind for a long time. I wanted to write it, so I did. You guys can't do anything about it, right?

This might be the most horrible story I've ever written. And by 'horrible' I don't mean terrifying or gruesome, but simply immoral. That's just how it is, I can't do anything about it, you can't do anything about it, so you may as well enjoy it.

The following story contains an obscene amount of ridiculous content. If anything in it offends you, that's okay, because it's your right. There will be lots of butt, and cock, and pissing, and vaginas. That's just how it is. I'm not sorry.

Lets be honest here. We all know why I wrote this. I wrote it because I was horny, okay? Mad horny. Unforgivably horny. So I wrote this. It's not for you, it's for me. There will be fucking in this story. There will be peeing and pooping. There will be uncouthness and hilarity. In fact, I consider this story to be so offensive that I'm going to put the entire thing in spoilers. Not to mention, if I get away with it, I will be writing more stories like this. Lots more. IMMENSELY more. I just can't help it, okay? It's in my nature.

Please forgive me for what I have written, for I know that God won't.

Spoiler

Suramar Nights

By Attica

(I'm not sorry)

This is a story about love.

Also, it doesn't take place in Suramar, not yet.

A huntress must hunt. It is who she is- it is in her nature. It didn't matter that the demons had been defeated long ago- she could not deny her primal urges. A huntress must hunt. That is who she is, that is what she must do. It is ingrained into her soul, into her very genetic code. A huntress must hunt. And so she did, every day, every night, she hunted. She prowled and searched, and in the end, often got what she wanted.

Tonight, she was hunting for pussy.

That's right, I said pussy. Can you blame her? It's so readily available! She thirsted for it like you thirst for a doughnut with your morning coffee. She thirsted for it like 5 more minutes in bed after your work alarm rings. She thirsted for it like a bottle of water in the desert, and that was simply her nature. No, she didn't have a 'succubus' as her inner demon. That's so lazy, isn't it? You see so many of these Demon Hunter whores that are like 'Oooohh that's just how I am, ooooh I gotta fuck, I have a succubus inside me, if I don't fuck I go crazy,' whatever.

She goes crazy if she doesn't fuck either, but she also goes crazy when she gets to the diner and they're out of hashbrowns. Repressing a demon? It's not hard. For your information, her internal demon was a Nathrezim. You'd think it would make her cleverer, but honestly, all it did was make her want to dominate everyone else. You just gotta play cards with it every once or awhile, or something, that's the trick to keeping it from getting bored.

"Living inside this demon hunter's mind? Yeah, it's easy stuff. Nice and relaxed, I don't mind! Really!" -A demon who is totally not being threatened constantly

"So yeah, I'm hunting for pussy," She said to her comrade as they sat outside on the front deck of some haughty bar where people ordered weird shit like coffee with cotton candy balls hanging over it so that the steam melted it into their drink and then it was all sugary and honestly didn't taste that good. The sun was shining in the desolate, dusty pit that was Orgrimmar City, and there was a demon hunter sitting with some of her friends at a cafe table in some corner of The Drag.

By the way, this story takes place in the setting of Azeroth. You know, Warcraft? Or 'World of Warcraft' as the young folk call it, that's what it is. Also, her name was 'Liera'. She was an elf, a 'blood elf' as they're called, because they worship the Sunwell and are traditionally empowered by blood magic and demons, or something. Look, I'm not an expert. The point being was that she was kind of short, had amazing curly black hair, and sharp red horns that are typically reserved for demons, but she wasn't a demon. "I'm sort of a demon," She explained, but nobody was listening. Nobody cared. Being a demon is overrated.

So she sipped her drink as she sat across from another huntress of her kind, some slut with long red hair and tough demony looking skin, and honestly Liera had fucked her a few times, but that was really the extent of their relationship, she wasn't looking to date. Dating other Illidari was a rough thing to do, especially because of all those skanky ones who are all about succubi- we talked about this earlier, weren't you paying attention?

The other demon hunter rolled her eyes. She's not important to this story, so I won't tell her name. Coming up with names is hard, you know, especially in a fantasy setting. I use google translate a lot. One of my friends uses the name of Greek gods and goddesses, and let me tell you, I'd totally be down to see Aphrodite piss herself. That's what this story is about, by the way, a girl who pisses herself. "Could you be more specific about what kind of pussy?" Her friend asked. Also, the girl isn't Aphrodite.

"Well, it was an elf."

"Mmhm, that really narrows it down."

"It wasn't just any elf. It was one of those new elves, the magic elves."

"Shal'dorei?"

"Sharty-what?"

"Shal'dorei. It means 'Children of the Nightwell'. You know, Nightborne?"

"Yeah, she had that sexy grape skin, that's for sure." The other Illidari that she was talking to bit her forked demonic tongue as she looked off into the distance at the edge of the dusty-ass valley that made for the capital city that Orcs lived in, seriously why does everything they're about have to be wolves or dirt or whatever? "Tell me about it, I love that skinny mana-addicted look they got, could cut a slice of cheese on those collarbones."

But that wasn't what Liera was looking for. "That's not what I'm looking for," Liera said. "She was different than the rest. She was sort of shorter, and she had huge tits, and a great fat ass. And, and she..." She leaned in and cupped her hand against the side of her cheek. "Well, she was drunk, and she clearly pissed herself." The other huntress gasped and clasped her hands against her face, looking utterly shocked. "Oh my God!" She said, again, utterly shocked. "That's what you're interested in!?"

There was an awkward pause, before the two of them started cackling. It was funny, because of COURSE Liera was interested in that. It was almost common knowledge among the Illidari. Most of them couldn't even judge her- plenty of them had worse fetishes, and lets be honest, girl pee is kind of hot, right? But this girl in particular was even hotter. "Now I know who you're talking about," Liera's unnamed friend said with a sage nod. "You're talking about the fuck-tempter."

The Fuck-Tempter. That was what she was known as. It was because she had a very particular habit. She was, despite her incredible fat ass, a very nimble and evasive woman. A 'Rogue', as they're called, not to be confused with rouges, which were women who wore too much blush. She was sneaky and clever, she was fast and nimble, she was agile, and hot, and had a stunningly fat ass, and a glorious pair of tits, and long straight white hair that went down to her butt, and a reputation as a real 'bad girl' in the best kind of way. And she knew it! She took advantage of it. To all who knew her, she proposed a challenge. "If you catch me, you can fuck me!"

Her name was Rain. And she had never been caught.

At least, not to the knowledge of anyone else.

Liera couldn't forget the day that she first saw her. It had been quite the day, to be honest. The days of the Illidari were either packed with violence, or hedonism. There wasn't much of an in-between. Sure, Azeroth had plenty of issues that needed to be dealt with, but at the same time, the MAIN problem they had been focused on for so long was done. The Burning Legion had been destroyed. Illi-daddy was busy fighting Sargeras in space. To be an Illidari nowadays meant either siding with the Horde (Or the Alliance, if you were one of those dirty Night Elves) Or just doing whatever the hell you wanted. That was their reward, their freedom- freedom to fuck fat booty elf bitches.

"So have you seen her?" Liera asked, and her friend rolled her eyes at her with disdain. "I haven't SEEN anything in decades," She clapped back. It was true, Illidari were, as a whole, blind. It was part of the rituals they underwent to gain their power. Tormented by visions of maddening cosmic truths and demonic tortures sown across planets far and wide, in the initial shock and madness of the encounter, the Illidari would, customarily, stab out their own eyes, or they would be removed by their master- while they would be blind to the world, they could see through the chaos energy that rippled through all worlds, giving them sight beyond sight, and strength beyond strength.

However, a lot of demon hunters grew their eyes back somehow. This was a lazy plot device used to explain why they could do things such as read a book, or see a boob, and get turned on. Liera was one of those demon hunters, because it just wouldn't be fair if she couldn't see the elves she went to pound town with. "Look, you know what I mean," She replied, rolling her eyes back at the other elf, as if flexing on her about it. "Look, maybe I've seen her, maybe I haven't. What's the big deal with this girl anyway?" Her friend asked. A wry smirk played across her face. "This one really hit you different, did she? Got a real thirst for her, huh?"

Many Illidari didn't wear shoes. They didn't have to, because of their partial demonic transformations making their skin tough and demonic. Liera's unnamed generic friend didn't wear shoes either, but it was because she had a foot fetish. She lifted her leg and slid her foot up against the inside of Liera's leg, between her thighs, and started to rub and play with her under the table. The curly black haired elf gritted her teeth a little, as she started to 'respond' to her friend's tender footsie play. She was one of THOSE girls... you know... the ones who aren't completely girls.

That wasn't really hard to do in this day and age, either. Plenty of horny ERP nerds just explained it away by saying stuff like 'it's magic' or 'She drank a potion and now she has a twelve inch donger'. Based on the sheer number of Draenei women who have nice fat horse cocks, it's amazing the species continues to survive at all. How do they get pregnant? Do they have a vagina under their balls? Can you imagine being born and the first thing that happens to you is a giant cock smacks you on the face? I can't imagine it. Actually, yes I can.

Anyway, Liera had a penis because of her demonic transformation. It was a demon peepee, and it was evil. It had a mind of its own. 'Bury me in her ass,' Liera could hear her dick whisper to her mind, and she reached under the table and smacked it. No. Bad penis! We're having a conversation here. "I remember her like it was yesterday," The black haired elf said with a wistful expression on her face, remembering while becoming steadily erect from the rubbing of her girl's big toe.

This was because it was yesterday. She had been at one of the more popular taverns in the dusty orc valley, looking to get a little drunk and try and take home some girls, or a particularly open-minded guy. Illidari were notoriously horny when they weren't full of rage, so it wasn't really too hard for her to get a girl, but she was getting tired of the skinny fel crack whores that she was bending over her kitchen table day in and day out. No, she needed someone with some FLESH to her, a body that would really fill up her hands- and then she saw her.

The girl with absolutely no taste, or shame, whatsoever. She had long, straight white hair all the way down to her butt. Her skin was a pleasant plum lavender color. She was short for her species, almost as short as Liera was. Her butt jiggled every step she took, even though she was wearing a dark blue skirt, with long white stockings that left about three inches of visible thigh, an embroidered tank-top that was a shade of magenta lighter than she herself was. It was the kind of shirt that didn't cling to her waist, because her tits were too huge and it pushed the shirt out. Liera could just barely see her bellybutton and her fleshy little belly.

She also could see that, if she looked closely, there was a visible discoloration on the inside of her white stockings. Not really noticeable for anyone who wasn't looking for it, but it was there. Those light yellow stains. She knew what kind of stains those were, and she instantly got an enormous erection. "Ow!" She bent at the waist, because she had been wearing her tight leathers that night, and it kind of hurt to have a boner this violent repressed by these tight pants.

She couldn't go up to her right away, no, Liera had to watch her for a bit. She was fascinating. Despite her incredible body and passably cute face, many people were annoyed by her, because her behavior was just outright unacceptable. She laughed and drank and went from group to group, telling jokes, insulting people, making a scene. Dancing on tables, lifting up her shirt and showing the bartender her tits to get a free drink (which worked), getting rough and handsy with others. Honestly, it was almost embarrassing to watch how she acted, but Liera couldn't stop. She was utterly fascinated.

She was about to go buy her a drink and try to take her home when the plump assed elven girl got into line for the outhouse. Liera stopped and waited, because no girl wants to be hit on while she's trying to go take a piss, that's just weird. But that was when it happened. The line was progressing along slowly, and she was bouncing on her heels, bending over and shamelessly holding herself between the legs, dancing a bit on the spot. It didn't take long for her to give up. She shrugged, stepped out of the line, stood with her legs apart, lightly pulled her skirt out, and pissed.

Liera's panties were getting stained with pre-cum, and this other elf's panties were getting soaked with piss. It was incredible. She wasn't embarrassed whatsoever. She didn't go and try to hide, she didn't take off her panties and squat somewhere. She just wet herself. Pee streams cascaded down between her legs and splattered on the dusty ground. They ran down the inside of her legs and soaked her stockings. She was pissing herself, right there in front of everyone, without even caring about it- she was even biting her lower lip a little. Liera jerked forward and bumped her knee on the underside of the table. People looked at her with some confusion, so she sucked on her drink to try and keep the eyes off her. They were looking at her? What were they doing looking at HER!? Couldn't they see this amethyst goddess pissing her panties and stockings, wetting herself, emptying her bladder, just peeing and peeing and-

She was done. Both of them were done, the demonic elf sputtering and shaking her thighs as she uncontrollably ejaculated in her pants. She hadn't even touched herself. Was she really this down bad for it? She'd been with curvy girls before, and she'd been with girls who peed before, but never quite like this. She wasn't even embarrassed- just smiling and laughing it away with her friends. She hadn't created a scene, the music hadn't stopped. Liera realized that this was because this was normal for her. That this girl wet herself just like that, often.

Just like that, she knew she was in love. The bad personality, the shameless attitude, the sparkling twinkling pee droplets that were still falling between her legs as she walked back to the bar counter- She was completely head over heels. ~I would fuck this bitch every day for the rest of my life,~ she thought to herself. Now, she just had to catch her. She downed the rest of her drink, and decided to approach her. So she got up, pushed her chair out, strode across the room to the bar counter... and ordered another drink. She had to avert her eyes a little, the intensity this thick elf radiated was like the sun. Sweat beaded her forehead.

~How the fel am I gonna do this??~ She thought as she returned to her spot with her next tall, frosty ale. This was unusual for her. It must have been because she was so awe-struck, but she just respected this girl too much to walk right up and ask her to come back to her place. She felt like a horny new acolyte with the hots for the most popular Illidari girl in Black Temple. She felt like it was an impossible, insurmountable task, to somehow seduce this stunner.

The 'party' was starting to spread out and head outside, because the sun was about to completely set, and the dusk time in the Valley of Orgrimmar was when the party goers started to come out. People of all shapes and races trying to get drunk, have fun, or have sex. The purple elf and her little band of extremely drunken cohorts, who had all tried to keep up with her pace and were failing, laughed and giggled with themselves and decided to go outside. This was because there was a band playing, and they wanted to dance.

So, Liera decided she'd try to dance too. Maybe she could somehow dance her way next to her and get a conversation going. As it was getting dark, other people were having the same idea. Flirting, trying to get laid... in a dark corner of the entryway a goblin girl was hardcore making out with one of those short furry fox people. ~I will never understand how people can screw the furry races, it just seems weird to me,~ She thought, a woman with a fetish for chicks pissing their panties.

The band playing wasn't too great, but it wasn't bad. It was fun, at least. And music was hard to come by. Sometimes people set up those portable music players the gnomes or goblins made, but they always sounded tinny, and they played the same crappy music, so a live concert was really something. Back when Liera was still human and she lived in Quel'thalas, there had been all kinds of stuffy concerts with strings and harps and horns and whatnot. Nobody had ever even heard of a 'guitar'. ~Guitars are cool,~ Liera thought, and I agreed with her mentally.

The purple elf was an excellent dancer. Liera fell in love again, watching her movements. She was lithe and flexible. She was smooth, and none of her steps had any wasted motion. It was clear that she was much more than just a pretty face and a fat, pissy bottom. The black haired Illidari, on the other hand, was channeling her inner Commander Shepard as she sort of bounced awkwardly back and forth, and made her way step by step closer to the girl with her provocative dancing. At one point, one of her tank-top straps slipped over her shoulder and one of her boobs fell out, and she just winked and continued dancing without putting it away. Liera's awkward dancing got even more awkward as she had to bend a little to try and hide an erection.

Finally, she was there. She was close enough to shoot her shot. "So... you do that often?" She asked, and internally punched herself in the face for not coming up with something better. The long white haired elf looked up over her shoulder at the Illidari. She smiled at her playfully. "...What?" She responded. It was too loud for her to hear. "I SAID DO YOU DO THAT OFTEN!?" Liera shouted so she could be heard, and the other elf sneered at her a little. "Do WHAT often? Do I know you? Who the hell are you anyway, weirdo?" She replied. Liera's heart sank.

"Just kidding," The other girl said, flashing a toothy grin and starting to dance a little closer to her. She didn't respond to her question. "I'm Rain," She said, moving closer and closer. Liera was nervous about it. "I-I'm Liera," She stammered. "Of- Of the Illidari."

"No shit," The other elf retorted, as she suddenly backed up and started grinding her bottom against the Illdiari's groin. Liera looked away and bit her lip, because at this point there was no way that Rain didn't know that she not only had a penis, but that it was erect, too. "Wow, nice cock. You wanna fuck?" She asked her. "Thanks. What? Um, yes," Liera responded, not realizing that it could have been so easy. Rain laughed at her again. She was clearly a bit drunk, but that was okay, because Liera was too.

She reached up and stroked her hand along the Illidari's cheek. "You're kind of cute. So, do I do *what* often?" She asked her, pressuring the other girl even more. She spun herself around and in a stunning display of flexibility, swung her leg all the way up, and put her heel on Liera's shoulder. She held onto her hip with one hand, and her shoulder with the other. At this point, you couldn't really even call this 'dancing'. She pushed her groin firmly against the other elf's groin, bouncing it and writhing her hips up and down. If Liera's tight leather pants and Rain's still pee-soaked pink panties weren't in the way, the way she was dancing on her, she would be plowing right into her pussylips like this.

She leaned in as she grinded herself, pleasured herself on the poor demonic woman's boner, reaching up and stroking her ear, and whispering into it. "Do I piss myself often? Is that what you're asking?" She whispered to her. "Did you think I didn't see you watching? Did you think I couldn't feel you watching me all night?" The Illidari's heart was pounding in her chest. Her hips knew what to do better than she did, and were gently thrusting back and forth during their 'dance' in the middle of public. Not too many other people were watching though, because there was PLENTY of dirty dancing going on tonight.

"That- that may be what I was asking, yes," She said with her gaze still averted. The intensity of this woman's gleaming white eyes, they looked into her very soul. They looked into her very boner. Her heart boner. She felt as if she might be blinded by them, which was ironic I guess. "Mmmm, it really felt good... I had to go so bad you know, I just couldn't hold it... so I did it... I let go... and pissed... my... panties. It was so hot and wet. It was so warm running down my legs. My stockings got so soaked. It went all in my shoes... And you just watched me, the whole time."

She pouted her lips out at her, putting her hand on Liera's cheek and making her turn to face her. "I just couldn't hold it," She taunted her, in a cutesy tone of voice. The Demon Huntress could only possibly get so erect, or at least she thought, but this freaky piss whore was bringing it one step closer to the edge, and she's about to break. "It hurt, so I went pee-pee. I went potty in my panties, wike a widdle girl. Did you like that? Did it turn you on? You sick little freak," She laughed at her, jabbing Liera in the boob harshly with two fingers. She swung her leg off her shoulder, and stepped away, and broke the elf's heart again. She was making fun of her the whole time? Just using her, teasing her, playing with her? Was that it? She had enough?

The big booty elf was walking away. "W-wait!" She was losing her. She stepped forward to try and chase after her, but she was so horny that it hurt to walk. She gritted her teeth and hobbled forward a little, but it wasn't fast enough. She would be long gone, before then. At least, she thought.

But then she felt a hand reach back, and grab onto hers. The Demonic elf looked up, to see her- she was back. Her amethyst goddess. She was holding her hand, and looking down at her, back over her shoulder. Rain winked at her, and with her free hand, lifted up her skirt just enough so that Liera could see under it, like she was peeking into a tent. She could see pee rivulets start to trickle from under the gusset of her still damp panties, see the pee run down into her stockings and get soaked into them. "Want to see me do it again?" She asked.

"Y-- y- yes. Yes I do."

"Then come on," She demanded as she started to drag her away. She was too excited to feel the pain of the tent in the crotch of her pants. Her wildest dream was coming true. Her heart was absolutely soaring, and just when she thought her cock had reached its limit, it became even harder. Plus ultra.

She dragged her back around behind the tavern, where it was dark, and nobody was there, luckily. Typically this area is reserved for people who are going to fuck in public, but right now everyone was still getting drunk or dirty dancing at the concert. Rain slammed her against the back of the wall and pushed her body onto hers. They planted their lips together and started to kiss, in a real dirty way. Tilting their heads against each other, mouths wide open, tongues writhing against each other, swapping saliva. The Huntress ran her hands up and down Rain's body. One hand slid down her side and around to her butt, flipping her skirt up and starting to grope and squeeze her bottom. The other went up her stomach and over her exposed breast, squeezing and groping it, running her thumb across her nipple, erect from arousal. "Mmmhhh," The purple girl moaned into her mouth, breaking their kiss for a second. "Yeah... that's good... I like a girl that doesn't neglect my tits."

She could have spent all night fondling her. They fit into her hand just perfectly- soft and fleshy, yet still supple enough to have some firmness. But Rain wouldn't let her- she pushed her back into the wall again, and started to slide down her body. She ran her lavender hands over her shoulders, over her breasts, down her side and hips... She unbuttoned the fly of her pants, and opened them enough to finally grant a reprieve to Liera's tortured cock. "Nice panties," She teased her. They were neon green, like the color of fel magic. "Wow. Slimy," She said as she pulled the panties off, allowing the other woman's cock to spring free. It was still covered in cum from when she had climaxed in her pants. "I knew it. You totally jizzed yourself when you saw me wet my skirt, didn't you?"

"Ah... yeah, I sort of did," She admitted as Rain popped the head of her throbbing cock into her mouth. Her lips were so plump and soft... she slid them further down and down, licking and writhing her tongue along it, sucking off all of her cum, pulling back off and smacking her lips a little. "It's a little salty. You don't eat much fruit, do you?" She asked her, and Liera blushed furiously and looked to the side, paranoid someone was coming. "I mean, most of us don't," She tried to explain. ~Why am I getting so nervous and acting like this is my first time? This is like, my two hundredth time!~ It's because you're in love, Liera, you silly little skank.

"It's alright. I like it a little nasty," The curvaceous pervert winked up at her, and got back to work. Up and down, up and down... she could really take it down her throat. Liera's legs trembled and her knees buckled a little, and she slid down the wall a few inches, head turned up to the sky in pleasure. "Auuauuhhh, ahhh, oh fuck me," She moaned. She started to hear a little pitter patter below her... under her feet. Looking down, she could see a yellow puddle spreading under Rain's bottom, splashes of pee running off her butt. There would be absolutely no denying that she wet herself now, there would be a big damp patch on the butt of her blue skirt. Liera's toes curled in the soil. ~She's sucking my cock, and pissing herself. She's wetting her skirt while she sucks me off. Oh my god, oh, my, god.~ It took all of her self restraint not to cum then and there.

~Man, I love to suck cock and piss myself,~ The horny Shal'dorei thought to herself. ~But there's one thing I like even more than that.~ Her lips slipped off the head of Liera's pulsating member with a wet little *pop!*, and she crawled her way back up the woman's shuddering body, chest heaving and her heart racing, balls absolutely aching to paint the inside of Rain's pussy. The purple elf leaned in and licked the nervous sweat off the Illidari's cheek, cupped her face in both hands, and kissed her. Typically Liera didn't enjoy the taste of her own cock on someone elses lips, but she'd make an exception for this incredible woman.

"There's something I have to tell you," She said, and Liera's heart twinged. Was she going to break it off, or something? "See, about fucking... there's this thing..." She stepped away from her, turning her back to the Illidari and folding her arms behind her back. "I don't go around just fucking anybody, you know. I have my pride. So, if you want to fuck me..."

"You have to catch me," She said, looking back over her shoulder with a devious smirk. Liera stared at her with some confusion, and stepped forward, reaching out and snatching the elf's wrist. "Caught you," She said happily, and Rain wagged her finger at her. "No, I'm afraid you didn't."

Before the black haired elf knew what had happened, she was on the ground. It was like the world had whirled around her. She was a little intoxicated, so that didn't help, but she should have been able to figure out what was going on. She was an Illidari! She'd given everything to fight the Burning Legion! She had extensive combat training and war experience! But still, this gorgeous woman had spun and thrown her, just like that, and now she was lifting her skirt, squatting down... and sitting her pissy wet panties right on Liera's face.

"You have to REALLY catch me," She explained as she grinded her hips back and forth, up and down. "Mmmhffh mrffrrf mrrrhhh," Liera replied. "That means that you have to win. I have to be helpless. I have to have no way of escape. You have to beat me... my pride as a scoundrel is on the line, after all." She sighed and rolled her head back, moaning as she pleasured herself on Liera's face, releasing what was left in her bladder and peeing on her.

She got up not much later, and in the time it took the Huntress to roll and get up, somehow the rogue elf had scaled the nearby cliff face, standing atop of it. A feat that not too many could do without a grappling hook or a flying mount of some kind. She was laughing down at Liera, her skirts pulled up under her arms so that she could show off her butt in those pissy pink panties. Two fingers were underneath each asscheek and she was bouncing her butt tauntingly at the demon hunter. "If you want to fuck me, you have to catch me! No matter what you do, you'll never fuck my ass, Illidari!" She cackled at her, dropped her skirts, and escaped.

Liera, down on the ground in the valley, grimaced and gritted her teeth, glaring hungrily up to the spot where the elf had been. "I will fuck her ass. I will fuck her if it's the last thing I ever do!" She resolved herself, and began the hunt.

The rest of the night was not nearly as eventful. She chased the elf around the city for hours, losing her and finding her again and again. Rain, on the other hand, had spent the night hopping from bar to bar, and partying and getting progressively more intoxicated until eventually Liera found her totally drunk and passed out leaning against a box in an alleyway, her skirts and stockings completely soaked, sitting in an enormous pee puddle.

The Huntress could have 'caught' her here, but she didn't, out of respect. Consent, people, it's important. She did, however, pick her up and carry her over to where the river ran through the city, and placed her on the bank, submerging her in the water from the waist down so that she wouldn't wake up with a huge rash. She would, however, wake up with extremely wrinkly toes.

"...And that's how it went, basically," She said, having told the entire story to her friend while she played footsie with her dong under the table. "Wow. You're a real freak, you know that?" The nameless elf said hypocritically, Liera gritting her teeth and trying not to show it on her face that she was gonna cum if this girl kept it up with her foot like that. "I guess it's pretty hot, though. Well, all I know is this- she's one of the nightborne, right? So if you're gonna find her... you gotta go to Suramar."

Liera nodded her head with understanding, looking off to the clouds in the sky. From her point of view, one of them looked like a girl's skirt being peed in. However, another cloud looked like a duck, and that was pretty cool. "I guess you're right," She agreed. She then got up and patiently left the cafe with her friend in tow, took her back to her apartment, and fucked her nasty up the butt for about an hour or two. With her friend satiated and passed the fuck out, she began to get her kit together... she was going to be travelling, to the glorious night city of Suramar.

Alright, I lied, there was no messing in this story, but there will be in the next one, possibly. Honestly I intended for there to be a messing scene, actually the whole IDEA stemmed from a messing scene, but I was getting tired of writing so I'm done. I'll do the next one eventually. If you like it, please let me know. If you didn't, then let someone else know, but not me.

*002*2021-05-18 03:50

Thanks Ray Ray. Chapter #2 (heh) coming sooner or later, right now I have an INTENSELY HORNY story in my mind that I'm going to put here.

The following content will contain sexual themes, pee, and poop. Viewer discretion is advised

Her

I make gears and interlocking bolts for a living. A long time ago, I used to be a witch, but those days are over. I wasn't a very good witch, to tell you the truth. I lived in the woods and all that, but I didn't wear animal entrails over my shoulders or curse people or anything. I didn't like to use the shadows, because they took my eyesight from me. Not that I'm blind- I just have to wear these embarrassing glasses. Every time I used it, my sight got worse. My powers, not the glasses. I used them a lot, in the past, to prove I wasn't a coward. But I was, really. I can accept that now, because of her.

As I said, I make gears and interlocking bolts for a living. I'm a tinkerer now. I always have been, even when I was a witch. It was hard getting metal and chemicals and minerals to work with, because nobody liked me. But I was able to mine and discover my own, and I had some... unique friends to help me. I love to work with machines. I never looked like a witch, because I was always covered in grease. I wore brown work pants and gray blouses. Being an elf, my face will never grow old and wrinkly and warty, but it's hard for me to look mean and cruel. I inherited my mother's face. She loved the world, and everyone in it. Unfortunately, I can't say I'm the same- I'm mostly just afraid.

~And unbelievably horny,~ I thought to myself as I sit at my work bench, carefully soldering wires together and attaching them to a motherboard I built myself. I had decided that I wanted to go back in time and make everything right again, so I'm trying to build something that can go back in time. It'll probably explode- most of the things I make explode- but if I can make it explode yesterday instead of today, I'll consider it a success.

Speaking of explosions, sometimes I explode into my pants.

It's not that I like it, at least, I didn't think I used to. I've just always had a weak bladder. I'm a dumb girl, and I get distracted easily. Get too into my work, ignoring my need to pee, and before I know it, I'm wetting my pants. As I said before, I'm also a coward. I get scared and wet my pants pretty easily, too. That's usually the worst of it, but not always. A long time ago, I was building a bomb. I like to build bombs, they're simple, and they're efficient. And they're good money. There are some people and some places I wish I could bomb out of existence forever, but I can't do that. That one day, I was making a big one. It was late in the day. I also like making bombs because it's exciting, and this one was the most exciting one ever. But, there was a hose I hadn't crimped properly. I was walking away from it to consult my blueprints, when the hose burst off with a loud popping noise.

I thought it was the bomb going off prematurely. If it had, I absolutely would have been dead. It wouldn't have been a quick, easy one, either. It would have been a firey inferno of a death. The burning pain and the radiation would be over quickly, but in that time, it would be the most horrible agony I had experienced in my life. I was completely, utterly terrified. I felt my heart racing in my chest so hard, I thought I was going to vomit it up. My whole body was trembling, my knees were quaking together. I felt this intense twisting, deep in my gut and loins. Sheer terror, racing down my spine- I began to wet myself.

It wasn't like I had experienced in the past, like when I hold it too long and uncontrollably start to pee. The twisting was an intense force. I wanted to pee. I could feel hot wetness spread across my lap, run down between my legs. Dozens of rivulets soaking down the back of my thighs. They dripped off my knees in streams, down between my legs, splattered on the floor. It all started coming out so fast. Before I knew it, my knees bent slightly, and I evacuated my bowels. The terror, the twisting, it was too much- it all happened so quickly. I could feel the resistance as it met my panties and pushed back against my bottom. My pants tented considerably, then mushed down and made a big, dirty mound on my butt. My pee stream tapered for a second, and then flooded back to full force as my bladder emptied itself. My pants were soaked down to the cuffs. I could feel my pee soaking my socks and getting in my shoes.

I stood like that for a minute, panting with exhaustion, my brow drenched in a cold sweat. I held my chest with one hand, trying to will my heart to calm down. I could smell what I had done- the familiar acrid scent of peed in pants, followed by the stench of what else I had done. I pulled my long, curly black hair out of my face with my other hand, looking down at the floor at the yellow puddle that had spread out under my feet.

Gently, I reached back and cupped the mound in my pants, curious about the size. I looked down at how soaked I was. "I- I j- I just... p-peed... and pooped my pants..." I stammered to myself, unbelieving. "I... I wet and soiled myself..."

Perhaps it was the sheer volume of adrenaline that had been released, or the relief I felt from having a totally empty bladder and bowel, but for a brief moment, I felt utterly exhilarated. My face was bright pink at the shame, and I blessed the gods that I lived by myself. I was, for reasons I didn't understand yet, completely fascinated with what I had done. I just kept saying it over, and over again. "I- I soiled my pants. My panties. I pooped my panties. I'm- it's all over my bottom. It's so filthy. I shit myself in terror."

Suddenly, I realized that I might actually die if I didn't turn around, and crimp that hose again. I had to forget about what I did. I was so panicked, I couldn't even stop there. I fixed the hose, and I carefully and painstakingly removed the primer so that it wouldn't accidentally go off, no matter what. It took about twenty minutes to do this, and the whole time I couldn't stop thinking about my pants wetly clinging to my thighs. The filthy mess in my pants I had to sit in in order to finish deconstructing the bomb.

When it was all done, I got up, shakily and slowly used a rag to clean up my puddle, and threw it in the work sink. I made my way to my shower room and disrobed carefully, and cleaned myself up, washed my clothes. Once I felt I had finally done a good enough job, my knees gave out and I sat down in my shower, hot water pouring over me, knees still quaking, breath caught in my throat. I cried a little bit. My hand went between my legs, and I started to masturbate. I pleasured myself furiously, thrusting two fingers deep inside myself, raking my fingertips along the top of my insides, abusing my clitoris with my thumb. I moaned and writhed, and shuddered with ecstasy. I didn't know why, but I just had to cum. I took one of my shampoo bottles and started to push it inside me, pumping it back and forth. The water from the shower washed away the froth I was building between my legs. But for some reason, it wasn't enough to satisfy me.

My panties- once white, now permanently stained a dirty yellowish brown color- I had washed them and hung them up to dry. I was compelled to stand up, grab them again, put them on. It took no effort for me to start pissing in them. I could feel it again- the way my pee stream pushed through my panties, the way the hot pee flooded all over my womanhood. I ground my fingers against my pussylips while I wet myself, and came to a tremendous, knee shaking orgasm.

After that, I started to wet my pants on purpose, sometimes. Not often- only whenever my thoughts drifted back to that day, that moment. It was rare for me, really- elves have an interesting libido, you see. It hits hard, and lasts long, but it doesn't come often.

But then I met her.

After my incident with the nuclear bomb- which I made a killing off of, coincidentally- I had redesigned the primer so that it could be inserted as the last step before setting it off. They were designed such that there was a slot for the primer, and a slot to store it in. The idea is that when you set the bomb, you insert the primer and lock it into place firmly. Then, you can either set the timer, or remotely detonate it. This was very successful for me. I had been told that my new double-safety design had reduced accidental bomb-related goblin deaths by nearly a third. As such, the war was going better.

The war. It was always so far away, for me. I lived by myself, all alone, deep in the woods on a peninsula that rarely saw action. Mostly, civilians lived here. A big cart from the war machine would come up once a month to purchase orders from me, and occasionally other elves came up to buy a gadget or have something fixed. Or to throw rocks at me, or tomatoes, or call me a wretch. I was used to it by then- I had believed it, actually. I thought I was pathetic.

One day, I got what I thought was another customer. I had been hard at work filling one of my orders, designing remote detonators, and it had been awhile since I had last gone. I figured that whoever was here was probably someone just looking to get a watch fixed, or something mundane. But when I went to answer the door, I didn't find anyone there. Confused, I looked out into the woods, turned my head left and right, but I saw no one. So, I turned around and went to close the door.

But as I did, I felt something cold and very sharp press against my neck. It was a knife- no, it was much bigger than a knife. A crescent glaive, made from moon-blessed steel and ornate, violet metal. My breath caught in my throat, and I froze solid, putting my hands up in surrender. My knees quaked again- that familiar feeling- I pushed my thighs together, and willed myself to try and be strong. "P-please d- don't kill me," I begged, not understanding what was going on.

I heard the voice of a woman behind me. It was strong, a voice full of passion and life. Deep and controlling, commanding, but she spoke to me in a language I didn't understand. It was close to my own, but it was just alien enough that I couldn't understand it. My knees just kept quaking. "W-what d-d-do... y-you want... from me?" I stammered, whimpering with fear. "You're pathetic," I heard the woman's voice behind me, speaking my language with disdain in her tone.

From my left, she produced something for me to see- I got a look at her hand. Much larger than mine. Strong, tough looking, pale lavender skin. Almost pinkish. She was holding something I recognized- one of my primers. "You are the one who made this?" The woman's voice commanded me. "Yes," I said immediately, wilting under her knife. I couldn't disobey her, for some reason. I knew the black words, and could have used them, but I was too afraid to. I could only submit.

"Disgusting," She spat back at me, and removed the knife. When she did, I felt a boot plant itself on the small of my back and kick me inside. I squealed in terror as I tripped forward over my own feet, falling hard onto my side. I kicked my feet to get back, holding myself up with one hand as I looked up at my would-be attacker, and was awed.

She was incredible. Gorgeous, smooth lavender skin. Eyes that burned bright white with the blessing of the moon goddess. A body that was built, lean and strong. Her shoulders were broad and reliable. Her legs were thick and toned. She easily stood a foot taller than me, and was considerably more fit. She wore elegant violet leather trappings, with white fur embroideries, white owl feathers, gold trimming and embellishments of the moon. The glaive she held in her hand was sickeningly razor sharp, and gleamed in the afternoon light. Her face was intense, and beautiful- her eyebrows sharp, her hair short for an elf, just around to her shoulders. A bright, mesmerizing maroon color, the same color of the sharp streak-like tattoos that ran across her eyes and down her cheeks.

She threw the primer into my hands, and I fumbled with it a few times, barely managing to catch it, looking down at it, and up at her. As terrified as I was of her, I was completely enraptured by her strength, her power. I was nothing compared to her. I was a worm, a piece of garbage. She was a goddess. "Do you have any idea how many of my people are dead, because of you?" She stated, commanding me to listen just with the tone in her voice. Sheepishly, I shook my head. "I- I'm j-just a- a craftswoman," I replied, but she hissed and planted her boot on my gut. "Silence! I didn't tell you to speak," She berated me.

"The stupid, degenerate little green bastards of your faction have been merciless with these bombs. Their destructive power is incredible. And, they don't even blow themselves up in the process. The forest can hardly protect us from these blazing fires. They burn so bright, it blots out the moon. Scores of my Sentinel Sisters have fallen, and it is YOUR fault."

"I-I d-don't have a... a... anything t-to do with that!" I whimpered, terrified. I could feel my cheeks dampen. I was crying, I was so afraid. I must have looked so miserable. This apparently pleased the other elf, because she smirked down at me like one would look at a bug they were about to crush. Her smirk turned quickly into a scowl as she knelt down and harshly backhanded me, for the mistake of speaking out of turn. "You will be silent until I tell you to speak, whore."

With an audible schwing as her sharp weapon cut the air while she lifted it, she pointed it again at my neck, encouraging me to obey. "You are to blame for the deaths of so many. As such, I am here to punish you."

I couldn't take it anymore. Just like with the bomb, I felt that twisting in my gut. My heart racing in my chest, my knees trembling. Tears ran down my cheeks, and I quietly, and pathetically whimpered, shrank back against the wall, sitting halfway on my side with my knees bent. I knew it was going to happen, but I couldn't stop it. This powerful, terrifying woman- I was so helpless, before her. I was so afraid. I started to piss my pants.

I felt the hot wetness spread quickly across my groin and all over my butt. It dripped onto the floor, and a puddle started to grow underneath me. The air was totally silent. Her ears twitched and perked up, and I could tell she could hear it. The pathetic, audible hssssssssshhhhhh of me wetting myself. Once again, I was struck with that fascination, but also terror. My long ears wilted and bent, my eyes screwed shut, and my pee stream picked up and I started to wet more forcefully. ~She made me wet myself,~ I thought to myself, over and over. ~I'm so pathetic and terrified, that I'm peeing my pants. Right in front of her. She- she's watching me wet my pants.~

She raised her fluffy maroon eyebrows as she watched, and her snarl of disgust twisted into an expression of amusement, perhaps even joy. "Oh, my goddess, are you pissing yourself? Hahahah! I can't believe it, are you truly this pathetic? Are all you elves like this?" I was too busy crying and whimpering, I hardly noticed her kneel down and grab my face, squeezing my cheeks. "Aww, did the widdle elf slut get scared? Did the dumb little bitch forget to go potty and the mean, nasty sentinel made her wet herself like a little girl?"

With my face held like this, all I could do was stare up into her intense eyes, tremble, and pee. "Y... Yes," I said, not sure why. I was just compelled to- as I felt the puddle spread out and go down my leg, I couldn't help it. "I- I- I'm s-s-sorry," I started to weep again. "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! P-please forgive me, I'm so sorry!"

She didn't say anything, at first- she just stared into my eyes, with those intimidating ones of her own. She smiled. She looked incredibly amused. I would never forget that look on her face- that look like she wanted to toy with me, like she was hungry for my suffering and humiliation. Suddenly, her look turned furious, and she reached up and painfully grabbed me by my thick, black tresses. "Shut your whore mouth!" She berated me, right in my face- I felt like she might rip my hair out. My lower lip trembled, my knees quaked, and I continued to wet my pants. "How many times must I teach you? You will speak ONLY when I command you to speak!"

As she told me this, she pulled me up, not to my feet- just enough so that she could grab my wrist with her other hand, and force me to flip upside-down. Her grip on my hair was firm, and she smacked my face down against the floor- not so hard as to hurt me, or break my glasses, but enough that it stung. "Look what you did! Hmmm, do you see what you did, you naughty, pitiful thing?" I could feel my still warm pee on my face. She began to rub my face back and forth across the floor- like she was punishing a pet for peeing on the carpet. I sputtered and gasped as my own pee got all over my face. My glasses went askew. Some of it got in my mouth. It was salty, and disgusting. "Bad girl! You are a very bad girl!"

After half a minute of this, it seemed I was allowed a reprieve. She released me, the last ounces of my urine dripping into my pants and panties. My thighs and body still quaked, but I felt so spent, so exhausted from the encounter. My nerves were fraying- I couldn't tell if I was terrified, or excited. "Oh, you absolutely need to be punished," I heard her say as she paced the floor behind me. I didn't dare to get up or even move my face to look at her. My fate was entirely in her hands.

She took me into those hands again- those strong, firm hands- grabbing me by the ear and wrist, and yanking me up to my feet. I cried out and whimpered in pain, wincing my eyes shut as she dragged me, deeper into the house- my feet felt clumsy underneath me, like I had forgotten how to use them. I thought, for a moment, she was taking me deeper into my cabin to execute me. A flood of relief washed over me as I saw that she had put her glaive down- but, I knew fully well that even without a weapon, this goddess could still kill me handily.

She was better than me in every conceivable way. It wasn't that my only option was to give up and submit to her- her very presence made me desire to.

When we got to my living room, the taller, stronger elf picked out a chair to sit in- a firm wooden one, and she dragged me along with her. My hair was wet with piss, and sweat slicked the back of my neck. My legs trembled and gave out easily as she yanked me down- and put me across her lap. My stomach rested on her thighs- I could feel how strong and thick they were, even in this position. This humiliating position- I had never been so embarrassed in my entire life. Little did I know, that this embarrassment would be mild compared to what I would eventually experience.

In one move, she yanked and shimmied my tan work pants and white panties halfway down my thighs. I winced my eyes shut- and her hand came down on my pale asscheeks, with a resonating clap. I screamed out in pain. It stung- it was only the first one, and it stung so ferociously. I forgot that I had experienced pain far worse than this. Her hand came down forcefully again, and again- she held my in place by grabbing onto my long ear. She was relentless, not letting me stop to catch breath, not backing off. I wanted to cry, so I did. I wailed like a pathetic wretch. I cried and I begged. "P-please! Ah! Ahh! I'm s-s-sorry! Aaaahh!! Ahhnnn!" I kicked my ankles, but nothing would save me from my punishment.

"Tell me what you are!" SMACK!

"I- I'm- mmm- I'm a b-bad girl..."

"Louder!" SMACK!

"Ahh! I'm a bad girl! I'm a very bad girl!"

"Tell me what you did!" SMACK!

"AAAHH! I-- I h- had an- an accident!"

"I don't THINK so! Be more clear! What did you do!?" SMACK!

"UUHHHNNN! Uhuhuhuuuu, uuhuuhuuh, I- I w- I wet m-my p-pants!"

"That's right. You wet your pants. You completely pissed yourself. You're a bad, pathetic, sad little elf who wets herself. Say it!" SMACK!

"AHH! I- I'm- I'm a pathetic little elf w-who wets herself!"

"That's right. Good. You understand." The spanking stopped then. But, she didn't let me go- she made me lay there, on her lap like that. Her hand started to rub my sore, abused, bright red bottom. Her hands had been so strong, felt so rough- I didn't realize that they could feel so tender. The pain still tingled, tears still ran down my cheeks. I cried so hard snot ran down my lip. My mascara was streaked all over my face. I looked disgusting- I looked like a mess. I was beyond humiliated, I was utterly, completely dominated. I had never been so sexually aroused in my entire life.

And she knew it. My labia had swollen, and between my lips, I was wet with more than just pee. "Ugh... are you seriously turned on? I can't believe it." Without considering my feelings on the matter, she plunged two of her fingers inside of me. She stirred them around, getting a feel for my wetness, for my womanhood. "You are! You're DRIPPING with cum. You are the most disgusting, pathetic, miserable little bitch I have ever had the displeasure of meeting."

Despite what she said, she continued. Her fingers felt amazing to me. It was like she knew exactly where to touch- exactly how to rub, exactly how to penetrate me. My lower lip trembled, my eyes screwed shut, and I stifled a moan of pleasure. "M-mmhhnn..." But, I needn't have bothered to try, because she let go of my ear, and stuffed her other fingers in my mouth- effectively gagging me. "You know, I did come here to kill you. But, you're just so adorably pathetic. Our goddess teaches us not to show mercy to our enemies, but I don't think you could ever have what it takes to be my enemy."

My eyes rolled back into my head. My whole body felt light, felt weak- the feeling of helpless compounded, but instead of terrifying me, this time, it felt good. It felt wonderful to be laying across this incredible woman's lap. Being touched by her. "I pity you. Therefore, I've decided. You can either die here and now, or, you can become my slave, until you make up for all your contributions toward the murder of my people. What do you think of that?" She popped her fingers out of my mouth to let me speak, and a strand of saliva came with them. "I'llbeyourslave!" I spat out instantly- unsure of whether it was because I cravenly feared for my life, or because I wanted to serve her.

"Eager, aren't we? Disgusting. Very well then. If you want to be my slave, you need to prove it." With that, she shoved me off of her lap, and down onto the floor. A miserable, quaking mess- so close to climax, but she denied it of me. She held her two fingers in front of her face, examined the slickness on them curiously- gave it a taste, and spat it back on the floor, choosing instead to reach over and wipe her fingers clean in my hair. "Grovel," She said, snapping and pointing down at the floor. I went to shimmy out of my wet pants, but she stuck her foot out and put it on my hand. "No. You wear your pissy pants until I say you can take them off. In fact, piss in them some more."

I could just about make out my own reflection on the metal of her shinguard- the way my lips pouted, the way my makeup had run all over my face. I looked so disgusted with myself. As she commanded, I hesitantly shimmied my clammy, wet pants back up over my butt. I got on both of my knees. I bent forward, all the way down, prostrating myself before her. My nose was touching the floor. I closed my eyes, and released the breath I didn't know I was holding. My bladder had refilled enough that, at her command, I wet my pants for about ten seconds. Again, with that audible hissssssss sound. The way it dripped off my butt and splattered wetly on the wooden floor, between my ankles.

"You will follow my every order with bated breath. If I say to kneel, you kneel. If I say you grovel, you grovel. If I say you pee, you piss yourself. No matter where we are. No matter who is around you. My orders are utterly, completely absolute. DO you understand!?" I felt a sharp thwack against my ear- a stinging sensation, and I yipped with pain. I looked up, and she was holding a thin little crop- she put it under my chin as I stared back up at her. "Y-yes," I said, nodding. "What are you called?" She asked me.

"M-my n-name is-" I started to murmur, and earned a harsh smack in the cheek with that riding crop. I cried out, tears welling in my eyes again, as it held my swiftly reddening cheek. "I do not care what your name is. You no longer have a name. You are called whatever I choose to call you. You are named whore, you are named bitch. You are named slut, you are named trash. You are named piss-pants. You are named toilet. And I, for the rest of time immemorial, I am called Mistress."

"Do you understand, pathetic-slave-who-wets-her-pants?"

The welled up tears in my eyes broke over and streaked down my cheek. I swallowed, my throat felt so dry. The words felt caught in there. "Yes," I rasped out, but that was a mistake- she whipped me on the cheek with her riding crop again, and I squealed. "Yes, Mistress!" I corrected myself, and she smiled again- that hungry, vicious smile, with her pearl white teeth. "Good."

With that, she bent over, reaching down and unlacing her boots. She popped them both off, and tossed them aside, sighing with pleasure as her feet were freed. She wriggled her toes, airing them out. Even in a puddle of my urine, I could smell the sweat on her feet. She had been wearing those boots for days. "Lick," She commanded me, and I stared stupidly at her foot. I didn't want to lick it. It was sweaty, it was gross... though I had already gotten my own pee in my mouth. "LICK!" She thundered at me, reaching down and grabbing me by the ear, roughly pulling me toward her. I cried out in shock, and stumbled forward, just barely catching myself on the floor, her sweaty foot right in my face- the smell was overwhelming. But regardless, I was so pitiful...

That I took her ankle in my hands, and started to lick her foot.

It tasted sour and salty, at first. But I kept licking. Mistress had commanded it. "That's right. Really clean it up there, piss-pants. Mmm... your tongue sure feels good... stick it between my toes." I did as she commanded, and gagged a little- the taste was much worse in that spot. "Suck," She commanded me, as she forcefully prodded her big toe against my lips. So... I did. I started to suck her toes. "Mmm, that's right... what an obedient little whore you are."

"What are you?" She asked me again. "Your slave," I replied meekly between lickings. "More," she commanded me. "I- I am your bitch." She reached between her legs, and undid her belt, pulling it free from her chaps. She put it around my neck, and tightened it, pulling it until it was like a leash and collar- and she pulled me more firmly against her foot. "More," She commanded me again. "I- I am your... your slave that... that wet herself," I stammered out. "More!" She commanded me, her voice suddenly becoming harsh, and I winced. "I- I am your filthy pathetic pitiful bitch whore, a- and I wet my pants! A-all the time!"

With her belt off, she undid a button, and into her pants her hand went. She was pleasuring herself. Getting off on my misery, getting off on how utterly submissive I had become. "That's right. That's all you will ever be. You're my property now. Now... mmnnh... and forever." She pushed my face back with her foot, moving to stand, and I thought it was over... but instead, I saw her drop her pants, and kick them away. Even her pussylips looked better than mine- even her hair was more neatly trimmed than mine, in a thin little strip.

"Lick," She commanded me once again, and tugged on the leash. She needn't have bothered- I wanted to. I got up on my knees and planted my lips against her womanhood. I writhed my tongue along it, I licked and lapped eagerly. "Ooohh... not bad... you're not entirely useless, after all," She smirked down at me. I looked her in the eyes, as she weaved her fingers into my hair, pushed my face against her groin. Tugged on my leash, choking me. My mouth was flooded with something hot and wet. Something salty. I sputtered and spit it all up, getting it all over my shirt, and she sneered down at me and yanked my hair in punishment.

"Drink it," she commanded me. At the time, I had thought it had been too far. I didn't realize anything, back then. "I- I don't w-want-" I stammered out, and her hand released my hair. Moments later, I felt the sharp sting of a blade sticking right into my neck. "Drink it," She commanded once again, and this time, I obeyed. I whimpered, I fussed, but I obeyed. I had just gotten use to the taste of her foot sweat, but now, I was drinking her pee. She ground her heel sharply between my legs, pleasuring me while I did it. Forcing myself to swallow it... feeling the hot stream spraying into my mouth, hitting the back of my tongue. I was terrified of the knife- so I drank. Swallow, after swallow...

My mind started to go hazy, then. I don't recall very well exactly how the rest of it went down, but I remember her leaning in the doorway of my home, her armor back on. Me, still in my wet pants. "You're coming with me. Gather what you need," I remember her saying. I nodded, and went to go change out of my pants, but she stopped, and grabbed my hand. "I don't think so. You're going to wear those for the rest of today. When we travel, you get no toilet breaks. You will wet your pants. Do you understand?"

Sheepishly I nodded, because I had figured so much would be true. I don't know why, standing there stupid with a blush on my face, but I wanted to hear her say it. "Yes Mistress," I replied obediently. I then started to pack. It took some time, and the sentinel was growing impatient with me. She started to follow me around, watching what I was doing, commenting on the thing I was packing. Telling me what not to take. I wanted to take some of the nice things from my kitchen, maybe present them as an offering to my goddess. So I reached for an expensive bottle in my cupboard.

"What is that?" Mistresses voice cut in, demeaning and judgmental. "I- it's- it's a b-bottle of Suntouched Vintage," I told her, showing her the label. She looked up at me, sneered, and slapped me across the face. "Are you fucking joking? Do you actually think you're EVER going to enjoy a fine glass of wine again?" Trembling, I took a little half step back. I liked my drink, you see- even for Mistress, giving it up entirely wouldn't be easy. "I- I-" I started to try and defend myself, but she smacked me across the face again. "You'll be lucky if I ever let you drink anything other than my urine. If I ever let you eat anything other than stale bread. Leave that here. You're never going to see it again."

"But I want it!" I interjected, which was a terrible, terrible mistake. I was severely punished for that. I had to leave half of the things I wanted to take behind, and that was after the vicious paddling that she gave me with the bottle itself, stepping on the back of my head, forcing my face against the floor. And then the journey that we took... that was entirely another story.

Today, I've been living with Mistress for about three months. Any of my previous passions were gone. She let me work on my engineering projects sometimes, like the time travel device that I mentioned earlier, but for the most part, Mistress was my entire life. I made gears and interlocking bolts, as well as other small mechanisms- and she made rifles with them. Not the shoddy, clunky blunderblusses like the dwarves made- elegant, pristine rifles. Highly accurate. Highly powerful, with my engineering in them. Beautiful, made of carved arcane heartwood she handled herself. I only worked with the grease and the smelt- the artistry of the craft, it was all hers.

In every way I could think of, she was superior to me.

And I love it.

I looked up at the clock I had designed myself, tick-tick-ticking away on the wall. The only source of sound in the room, other than the occasional hiss of the soldering iron connecting wires to plate. It was just about time to get to work, serving my Mistress. I put my project away, and pushed my seat back, standing. I crossed my thighs together, dipping my hips down, as I held myself between the legs. Again... I had been so engrossed in my project I forgot to go to the bathroom. Luckily, I was still dry. I could go and make it before work began, and with any luck, stay dry for the rest of the day.

I crossed the threshold of my door and started to go down the hall to relieve myself. The first hints of sunlight streamed through the curtains in our little home. I was about halfway down the hall, when I felt those strong fingers caress my arm. "Where do you think you're going, without saying good morning to me?" I heard Mistress say. I squirmed a little, hoping to get away, but in no time at all she was standing behind me, holding my wrist with one hand, pulling my soft, short frame against her tall, strong one. Pulling my back against her chest. "I- I'm j-just going to... get ready for work..."

"Is that so? Aren't you a busy little slave?" She whispered tantalizingly in my ear- she sucked on the tip of it, and I felt a shudder of pleasure run though my body. She let go of my wrist, to unbutton three of my blouse buttons- she reached her hand inside, to unhook the front hooks of the bra I wore. I bit my lip and whimpered, not wanting her to stop, but still desperately needing to urinate. "Y- Yes Mistress," I replied, as her hand went inside my shirt, and started to fondle my chest. Her hands seemed so rough, but her touch could be so gentle... my breath started to rise more heavily as she ran her fingertip over my stiffening nipple, repeatedly.

"You know better than that. You know you have to come grovel to me first thing in the morning," She chided me, but unlike when we first met, it almost sounded loving. Her other hand ran down my stomach. She started to grope me between the legs. Her groping fingers were firm, latching onto me... she pushed the heel of her palm against my bladder. Mistress knew exactly what she was doing. "I- I don't- I'm- I'm s-sorry-" I mewled, thighs squeezing together over and over, a shudder and a gasp coming from my each time she dug her palm into my bladder.

I couldn't hold it. My knees quaked together again, just like they always did. I stood on the tips of my toes, heels in the air, both toes pointed inward at each other. Desperate- so, incredibly desperate. "H... hnn..." A pitiful squeak of a whimper escaped me, and I lost control. I felt the hot wet patch flush all over my nether lips, peeing in my pants right against Mistresses fingers. The pressure caused my pee to leak back between my thighs. Wet crescents formed under my bottom, and rivulets started to run damply down the back of my legs. "Aww... already pissing your pants, this early in the morning? Did some stupid little elf forget to go potty this morning?" She condescended to me, still whimpering as I wet myself.

She pushed her fingers firmly between my legs, and then let go. Pee spread rapidly across my lap, and started to drench down the inside of my legs. Splashes and streams dripped down between my legs and soaked the back of my ankles. It felt so hot- the relief felt so good as Mistress continued to torture my bladder. My eyes turned back into my head. My toes curled as I felt pee soak into my socks. She continued to grope my chest, and she licked her way down my ear, and started to kiss my neck. "Uuuhhhnnn," a moan escaped me. "Oh my," Mistress whispered in my ear, reaching down and patting my butt, feeling the shimmering wetness drenching down my inner thigh. "Are you enjoying this? Hmm?"

"Y... Yes... yes Mistress..."

"You are? Really? Does it feel good?"

"It... it feels good..."

"And why does it feel good?"

"Because... I'm wetting... in your arms..."

"Do you love it? Say it."

"I- I l-love-- love it w-when Mistress... makes me wet myself..."

Mistress firmly groped me, swatted my bottom, touched me all over, as the pee soaked down my pants legs, dripped all over my legs and ankles. With a flick of her wrist, a sharp knife was suddenly in her hand, and she was holding it against my neck. This was nowhere near the first time this had happened, and I knew what it meant. The terror of having a knife to my throat... I whimpered, my knees bent more. I felt it again, just like that time so long ago- the twisting, in my lower stomach. I shuddered, gasped out for air. I was terrified, I kept trying to convince myself. So terrified... my heart racing again, just like it did that day.

The uncomfortable, unusual feeling of my panties tenting. The way I dug my fingers into my palms. The tent grew larger and larger, and my blush of shame grew hotter and hotter. Finally I passed the point of no return, and it all came rushing out. Completely filling the seat of my pants. Helpless, terrified, I did it again- I soiled myself. Right in my Mistresses lap- I wet my pants, and shit my panties.

I had been living with Mistress for seventy three days, by that point. Occasionally, I was able to be a good girl and allowed to use the potty, to stay dry. However, out of those seventy three days of living here, seventy three times, I had pooped my pants. A few times, I didn't even do it because Mistress commanded me to. My mind raced, the way it always did. ~I wet my pants and shit myself, ohh, ohhh I did it, I'm a bad girl, I used my pants as my toilet, I COMPLETELY flooded and crapped myself, oh no, oh no, I'm a bad girl, I'm a VERY bad girl!~

That was when I heard the snap of the lock. A simple little padlock, not too difficult to remove. But I couldn't remove it, because Mistress put it on me. She locked my belt. She had locked my pants into place- my eyes went wide as I realized what that meant. "That's right... now it's time to get to work. Go on- have a seat at your desk," Mistress said, guiding me into the room, tears forming in my eyes. "Ugh, you stink. You're so absolutely, completely, disgusting. You filthy, naughty girl."

True to her word, I spent hours sitting at my work bench, stewing in my own horrible mess. Being forced to live with the stench of it. Not even a mercifully opened window helped to mitigate it. The filth all over my bottom, spreading every time I had to adjust myself in my seat... I wanted to cry, I wanted to throw up. But this was my reality now- if this was what Mistress demanded of me, this is what I would get.

And I was rewarded, in the end. After a few hours, she un-shackled me from the bench, and took me to get cleaned up. A process made even more humiliating, because she made a point of cleaning me. As if I were unable to do it myself- as if I was too stupid, or meek, or miserable. But even if it was humiliating, it was an incredible process to me- despite her apparent strength and viciousness, Mistress had such tender hands. Her touch was fastidious, detailed, caressing and concerned. She took me to her bedroom afterwards, and we made love, for nearly an hour. As I laid on the bed in a trance, enraptured by the pleasure, my head rolling from side to side on her pillow, she set about to the business of putting me in diapers, like she had done many times before.

Freshly powdered and padded up, I lolled my head to the side, and stared out the window. Mistress pulled the blinds shut, and she threw a large, soft blanket over me. It was nap time, it seemed- not that I would be able to do anything about it, spent as I was. I had resigned myself to some alone time in the dark, when I felt the covers shifting. She slipped into bed behind me, pulling me tenderly into her waiting arms. Letting my head rest on her bicep. Caressing my hair, whispering things to me I was too exhausted to understand. I felt more comfortable than ever, safer than ever, in her protective embrace.

I fell asleep, and I dreamt of only one thing.

Her.

