"Suramar Night" and other horrible, shameless stories

Author: Rain_Attica

*006*2021-05-19 07:57

Thank you so much! I'm so excited to have some replies! I always appreciate comments and criticism especially, to try and better hone my style. It's really important to me.

I can't write if I don't have an audience

I like to bounce between warcraft and star wars fiction since those are the two games I've done lots of roleplaying in, but I've experimented recently with branching out into Elder Scrolls a little. However, today...

I'm going to write something that's entirely my own world. This sort of idea is something I've been bouncing around for awhile as part of something much larger and not really pee oriented that I've wanted to make for a long time. I was originally going to use this idea as a roleplaying setting, but I think it will flow smoother if I just write it as a story.

That being said, this story is going to be quite different. It's going to be a lot less shameless and a lot more horrible. So be warned:

The following content contains graphic imagery of terror, pain, suffering, gore, and death. You've been warned.

As with all my previous stories it also definitely has pants wetting and soiling as well.

Piss, Die, Repeat

(Chapter 1)

I awoke suddenly, gasping for breath and holding my chest. Intense pain wracked through me, radiating from my heart, and spreading across my chest and arms, down into my stomach. I felt I was going to be sick, doubled over sitting on my bed, unable even to scream as the air was caught in my lungs. I immediately rolled the upper half of my body to the side and vomited over the edge of the bed, but it was an empty dry heave, and only a strand of foamy spittle came out.

The pain began to subside, and I felt a cooling sensation running down my spine, originating in the base of my skull. It calmed me somewhat, and helped me to feel normal again. I was able to collect myself, swing my legs over the edge of the bed, and consult my surroundings. I was in a strange, sterile room- a cell, perhaps. The walls and the floor were all made of this same opaque white plastic, a bluish light radiating through it and lighting up my room with cold colors. The room was tiny- it was no wider than the length of my bed, and only about one and a half times that long. Just enough room so that I could stand up.

When I stood up, in front of me was a mirror, which ran from the floor to the ceiling. It had no border, nothing fancy- just a metallic sheet that showed me my own reflection. Printed on the mirror, so that it appeared above my head in my field of view, was a word. "Iyaori". I realized that was my name, Iyaori. Upon that realization, I realized something else- I had absolutely no memories of where I was, who I am, or what I was doing here. I didn't even recognize my own body in the mirror. So, this was me?

It appeared I was a young adult woman, maybe in her early twenties. Despite having no memories of the outside world, or anything at all, I somehow knew that. I knew that I was of foreign descent. My skin was a clear olive brown color, my eyes were like thin slits. My face looked attractive enough- perhaps average at best, but I was wearing black lipstick and violet eyeshadow that brought out the exotic look of my face. My face was more flat than it was angular- I had a small button nose, and my jaw was slightly rounded. I had black hair, tied up well and elegantly in a bun on top of my head. It shimmered in the pale blue light.

I looked down at my chest, reaching my hands up and cupping both of my breasts. I knew, for some reason, that I had a rather impressive set of breasts, and I also knew that this was important... that I could use my looks and body to my advantage, in society. Funnily enough, I didn't remember what a 'society' was. My first thought that I was in a prison cell was reaffirmed to me when I saw what I was wearing. Very simple clothes, white sneakers that were easy to move in, insulated powder blue leggings that hugged my proportions, and a simple shirt of the same color that had a chastely cut neckline. I did have one thing that stood out to me- I was wearing a strange earring.

It was attached to my upper earlobe- a thin silver strip with glowing blue lights on it. When I touched it, I realized that it was firmly attached to my ear- I could not take it off. Soon after touching the earring, the lights in my room came up brighter, with an audible hum. Then, I heard a voice.

"State your name." Another woman's voice- it resounded inside of my head. It didn't sound as if it were coming from the walls or my earring, but inside of my own skull- as if a voice was being transmitted directly into my brain. A panicked cry escaped me as I flinched and quickly turned, almost expecting someone to be behind me, but of course, there wasn't. "I- what am I doing here?" I asked.

"State your name," the woman's voice said again. Could she have been a machine? She certainly sounded like one. Her tone and intonation were monotonic. It sounded as if she had no emotions whatsoever. The voice of a middle aged woman, maybe? Ethereal and light, but sophisticated in pronunciation. Even though she had to repeat herself, she didn't seem angry. I looked at the name in the mirror again, and muttered out "I-.. Iyaori".

"Correct." Why did she even ask me if she already knew the answer? "What do you remember?" The voice continued to question me, and I looked around confused still, trying to spot the speaker it must be coming out from. Which was strange, because I didn't remember what exactly a speaker was.

"I-- I don't remember anything. What the fucking hell am I doing here?" I asked, panic giving way to irritation. I hadn't meant to say it like that, it just came out naturally. It seemed that whoever I was, I was foul mouthed. I looked at myself in the mirror again, and pursed my lips, looking analytically at myself. Something felt wrong. Despite the fact that I was looking in a goddamn mirror, I couldn't shake the feeling that this person that I was seeing was not who I really was. In fact, it felt odd to have the body of a woman, in the first place.

"You are here for examination," Miss Monotone replied to me. On cue, my name disappeared from the mirror. Some new symbols appeared on it, instead: The numbers 2, 3, 1- and three symbols above them that looked like so: I II III. "Touch the numbers and connotate them to the proper symbol," The voice commanded me. It was so laughably easy, that I just went ahead and did it without questioning it, in a number of seconds. "There. Am I done?" I asked impatiently. "No. You are not."

With a hiss of released gas, the panel of the wall next to the mirror pulled back, and retreated into a slot in the corner- it was apparently a door. "Proceed to the next test. You may not return to previously visited rooms. Ensure that you are ready." Looking back at the bed I laid on, searching through the pockets of the pants I wore, there was absolutely nothing that I could take with me. There weren't even sheets on the bed- it was just a foamy mattress. I even checked underneath the bed, just to be sure it wasn't a trick, and found nothing. So I shrugged, and proceeded through the door. A few tests, maybe I get some answers, then I'm done- that's what I thought.

How incredibly wrong I was.

As I stepped through the door, it hissed shut behind me, and I saw a light in the corner of my eye- I tried to look at it, but no matter where my eyes went, it stayed in the periphery of my vision. It was a number: "50".

"What does this number mean?" I asked, expecting the voice to have followed me. "You will deduce that later," She replied unhelpfully. "Prepare for the next test."

I wasn't completely prepared though, because as I stepped through the door I felt chill air blow mildly across my shoulders, and I shuddered, and realized the fullness of my bladder. "Hey, can I go pee first?" I asked, not thinking that saying that might have been embarrassing or rude. "That privilege is earned," I heard the voice say back to me, and I stared deadpan at the corner of the new hallway I was in. "Are you fucking serious?" I protested. "That privilege is earned," She replied back to me, so I just muttered angrily to myself. It wasn't really so bad, not an urgent need to go- I just didn't feel like solving more stupid math puzzles with a half-full bladder nagging at my mind.

Directly across from where I exited, there was another mirror. Just like before, it had three symbols on it: " I II III ". There was also a watch looking thing hanging from a hook in the wall- It looked pretty sleek, and I liked technology, so I put it on. A comfortable stretchy nylon band which had a sort of tablet attached to it. I touched the tablet, but nothing happened- it didn't even tell me the time. "What's this?" I asked Miss Monotone. "Touch the numbers and connotate them to the proper symbol," She told me. The same puzzle as last time?

Except, I looked all over the mirror, and there were no numbers. "There aren't any numbers here!" I complained, because of course there weren't. It seemed I was a bit whiny, as well. "You must find them. You will attach the numbers to your watch, and return them to the mirror." Looking to my left and right, I saw that I was indeed in a hallway larger than the room I had just been in. The walls were still that sterile white color. To my left, one hallway split into two- to my right, the hallway went around a corner. Since you always go right in mazes, another detail I didn't understand why I remembered, I decided to start with the one to my right.

"Hey, what am I taking these tests for? Do I get something out of it?" I asked, still trying to garner as much information as I can. "I cannot tell you the answer to that right now," She replied, and I gritted my teeth with irritation. "What can you tell me then!?" I yelled back at her, not expecting a reply. But to my surprise, she said- "Begin the Test. Touch the numbers and connotate-"

"I already fucking know that!"

My bodiless Virgil didn't seem interested in helping me do anything other than proceed through the tests, so I broke the silence by humming a tuneless song to myself. I probably shouldn't try singing. As I rounded the corner, pale light filled my eyes... "Oooh!" I exclaimed, pleased with what I saw. It was a terrarium. A rather large room- perhaps the size of a football field, which I definitely knew was used to play a game called 'football'. The ceiling appeared to be made of glass, and sunlight streamed through it, giving the forest inside much needed sunlight. It immediately evaporated away the strangeness of this situation. I could smell the dirt and the grass.

I could also see what looked to be some sort of... obstacle course. A test of my fitness, it would seem- up on a cliff at the back of the room, I could see another mirror, with a large number "2" on it. To get there, I would have to climb up a cliff face, jump across a series of pillars, swing across on a rope... it looked like a somewhat daunting challenge. I re-examined my legs and arms again, and to my pleasant surprise, saw that I was in pretty decent shape. I wasn't totally shredded, but it seemed like I was fit enough to do something like this, with exertion.

Thinking about that, I realized I didn't want to have to grunt and climb and jump my way around with my bladder filling up. I looked around to see if anyone was watching- which I would have never known. Of course, Miss Monotone had to be watching, but she was useless anyway! I didn't need to earn any sort of 'privilege', I could just piss in a bush. So I went over to the nearest copse, and put my hands on my waistband, to push my pants down over my butt and thighs. Only, when I tried... I found that what I thought was an elastic belt in my waistband constricted considerably. It was suddenly way too tight- I couldn't take them off!

"Ugh, what the f- what is this!? I can't even take off my clothes!?" I yelled back up at the faceless examiner in the sky. "That privilege is earned," She told me once again. "Proceed with the examination. You are wasting time." That last sentence had a little bite in it- even without hearing any emotion in her voice, I could tell she was getting annoyed. Well, I was getting annoyed too. "This is the dumbest bullshit- I can't even piss in a fucking bush!? What am I supposed to do when it's an emergency!?" I yelled back at her. "When you have reached your capacity, your body will naturally take care of that." I frowned as I thought about it, thinking maybe I might have some crazy power that made it so I never had to piss, when I realized it.

"Are you saying if I don't earn the 'privilege' to go and piss, my only option is to fucking piss my pants? You cannot possibly be implying that!" I stamped my foot in the grass, and my eyes widened at the response that I got. "Correct."

"You're fucking sick!" I yelled back at the woman. "Your bodily concerns are not concerns of ours. Earning privileges is your stimulation to proceed through the tests. As I informed you earlier, you are wasting time. This test does not have a time limit, but the time that you spend bickering will cost you in the future. Now- proceed."

I was furious, but I also knew that further arguing would get me nowhere. If I wanted anything in this insane place, I supposed I would have to earn it. So, I got started, climbing the cliff face. It wasn't the easiest thing to do, and it was a little scary with no ropes to support me, but I got through it. By the time I made it to the top, I had forgotten entirely that I needed to relieve myself. I guess I didn't really have to go that bad, at that point. With the knowledge that I was strong enough to do it, I made it through the rest of the challenge, climbing up onto the grassy knoll at the top of the hill. I approached the mirror, and instinctually touched the number, and then touched it to my watch. The number on the mirror faded, and the number "2" appeared on my watch, in cyan. "Alright, got it," I said to myself as I returned to look over the obstacle course I had passed.

As I was looking down at it, the landscape began to shift. The pillars I had hopped over, the cliff I climbed up- The whole room rumbled, and I fell down on my butt. Dirt and rocks started to pour down into a crevasse, and a beam rose up- angled so that the top of the beam was where I was on the hill, and the bottom was where I had started. I would have to balance on the beam somehow, and make it all the way down there, which was pretty far. Not to mention, that underneath the balance beam... were spikes.

Sharp, narrow spikes filling the crevasse. I could see them glinting back at me, taunting me with their deadliness. If I fell off the balance beam, there was no way I wouldn't get gored on them. "N-No way," I trembled, powerfully reminded of my need to urinate once again. I shook my head, looking down at it. "There's no fucking way you expect me to cross that thing to get back! Let me go back down the way I climbed up at least!" I looked toward the edges of the hill, but half of the forest had fallen away- there was no way across other than that beam.

"You must cross the beam to continue. Proceed." This insane woman seriously expected me to cross this, all in the name of some weird 'examination'!? "No! Absolutely not! I refuse! Cancel the test, I want out! I want to go home!" My paranoia mounted, worried I might accidentally slip on the grass and fall into the pit of spikes anyway. I scrambled back, staying sitting down, kicking the dirt with my feet. "You are currently incapable of cancelling the examination. You are welcome to remain where you are, safe and out of immediate danger."

I sniffled a little and dry swallowed, looking back up at the ceiling, wondering if she was watching me through it. "So if I just wait here eventually it will end?" I asked- a stupid question. At that point, I had not understood at all what was going on. "Correct. You are perfectly allowed to sit on this ledge and wait until you die of starvation."

It was starting to click now. It made sense. The harsh restrictions, the need to earn 'privileges'. The jail cell like room I had awoken in. This was not a test that was 'optional'. This was not a simple measurement of my capabilities. The test may not have even been FOR me- I was simply a subject in it. This was no test at all. It was some sort of insane death game. "Four other examinees have chosen this option in the past," The insane, emotionless lady told me, and I looked up sharply. "Other examinees- you mean I'm not alone in here?" I asked her, desperate to get help from someone. "Correct. In this entire facility, there are over one-thousand, three hundred and eighty four other examinees. Out of that number, sixty three have died."

Sixty three people dead, out of about a thousand and a half... dead because of this crazy test. The nervousness built in my throat, and I swallowed to keep it back down. Hesitantly, I crawled forward, and reached out to touch the balance beam. I shook it. It seemed pretty sturdy, and I could grip it well. Nobody said I had to walk down the entire thing- so I crawled onto it, and started to inch my body forward down it, bit by bit. I refused to die here. As I made my way across, I saw the number in the corner of my field of vision increase- it ticked up to 70. "What does this number mean? Why did it go up?" I asked, thinking that maybe if I could just talk with Miss Mad Scientist, I might be able to distract myself from what was certain death below me.

"You have gained support from a sponsor as a result of your actions," She replied. "Support? What do you mean support? Sponsors? Are there other people watching me!?" I had to stop to pause on the balance beam. I couldn't believe I damn near dropped my pants and urinated in a bush with who knows how many people watching. I blushed furiously, gritting my teeth to try and stave off the mixture of shame and terror. "I cannot tell you the answer to that right now. You must proceed with the examination."

Bit by bit, inch by inch, I wormed my way across the balance beam. All I had to do was keep my head up. Don't look down, never look down at the spiky death below me. My palms were growing sweaty without my realizing it- On my next crawl forward, my hand slipped and I lost my grip on the balance beam. I screamed and clenched on tight with my thighs, my heart racing with panic- and wet myself. It was only just a little- just a spurt into my panties, but it was enough that it showed through the crotch of my tight powder blue leggings, a little apple sized damp splotch. My flush of humiliation got worse- and I saw the number in the corner increase again. "You have gained more support from a sponsor as a result of your actions." The number was now... 192!? It had more than doubled!

"Wh- what actions?" I asked, curious, hoping that it was because I nearly died and caught myself. Maybe they were impressed with my determination. "I cannot tell you the answer to that right now." I grumbled, grimaced, and kept inching my way across the beam. My groin dragged on it as I held on tight with my thighs, and I could feel my wet gusset rubbing up against my lady parts. I was briefly struck with the idea that it felt strange to have a vagina, and I didn't know why. In the end, my determination won out, and I made it across the beam- gingerly putting my hand on the grass, afraid it too would fall out from underneath me. I hopped off the beam and onto the greenery, and sighed with relief, running my fingers through the blades of grass.

My number increased to 218. "You have gained support from a sponsor as a result of your actions." Trying to glance at the number in my periphery, I frowned at the only slight increase. What- I risk my life in a crazy athletic stunt and I only get a measly fucking 26 points? But I got over a hundred for peeing- No, that wasn't it, I got those points because of the near death experience! Maybe this wasn't a test at all, but actually entertainment for people. My confidence surged once again as I survived the harrowing task, and I proceeded down the hall at a brisk gait, to connect the 2 with the hallway mirror and move on to the next room. "Please tell me the next room is not as dangerous," I murmured.

"You may spent twenty of your points for advice," The mysterious woman said as I crossed into the next room. "Really?" I said as I examined the next room I was in. It seemed I was to climb down a ladder into a glass maze. The maze was made up of a series of blocks. I climbed down and pushed on one of the blocks, and it lit up purple, and slid away from me with a whoooom. It seemed the point was to move these blocks in such a way that I could navigate through the maze. But if it was anything like the last test... "O-Okay," I stammered, worried about what the next consequence would be. "Go ahead. I want the hint."

The number tracked back down to 198- it seemed that earning points allowed me to get hints. Maybe that was the point of them? Or maybe they could be used for something else. "My advice is this: Hurry." On cue, the ladder that I had climbed down shot back up, retracting with a hiss. A glass panel slid into place- I appeared to be locked in here. I panicked, and looked around sharply. This was going to be impossible without being able to see the maze from above! However, as I looked around, I noticed the panel of my watch- it was showing me what the block maze looked like from above, with a little yellow dot indicating where I was. "What the fuck do you mean, hurry!? I could have figured that out for myself! I want my points back!"

"Okay... so this puddle- uh, this puzzle is solvable," I tried to calm myself down. If it was solvable, that meant I could escape. And if I could escape the maze, I might get to go pee. As I took a step, I heard a wet splash on my shoe, and I gasped, looking down- no way! I didn't have to go so bad I wet myself without even NOTICING, did I? But upon further inspection, it appeared the puddle did not come from me. It was spreading out across the floor... getting bigger... millimeter by millimeter, rising up. My asshole clenched and I gritted my teeth, eyes going wide- that was what she meant by 'hurry'. If I took my sweet time like I did with the last one, I would drown.

Frantically, I started to push blocks, checking my watch and pushing blocks over and over again. The puzzle itself wasn't entirely complicated, but it was lengthy- I wasn't just clearing a path straight forward. I had to wind around back to push blocks into open slots, so that I could move the blocks ahead of me- they wouldn't move if there was something in front of them. I was reliant entirely on the watch- I had a simple enough plan, yes, this was working so far- without looking, I reached up to push the next block I needed to move. But the surface of the block wasn't smooth, like the others.

It was sharp. Razor sharp. Instead of a flat colored surface, there was a depression which contained razor sharp knife points, sticking out. And, unwittingly, I had just gored my hand on one of them. It burned, it burned so hot as my blood poured out and over my palm- the knife was thick. I gasped and screamed in terrible pain as I sharply yanked and pulled my hand back. It was rather severely injured- the knife had cut directly between my middle and ring finger, about a quarter of the way into my palm. Blood was gushing out of it. I didn't realize that humans bled this much.

"Oh god! Oh my fucking god!!" I screamed, holding my hand, crying in shock and pain. I lost control of my bladder, much more intensely this time, from the panic. Pee soaked down the inside of my legs, and made it all the way to just about my knees before I grimaced and clenched my guts and forced myself to stop. "Wh- what am I supposed to fucking do about this!? What do I do!?" The water from below me had risen up to my knees, as well. Realizing I had wet myself, I crouched down to soak myself from the waist down in the water. Maybe if I was quick enough, nobody would notice that I peed. In the corner of my eye, I saw my number tick up to 331. "Another sponsor? I just opened up my fucking hand! Is that what you FREAKS wanted to see? You want to see me bleed!"

"I suggest you hurry, once again," The emotionless bitch told me, and I snapped back at her. "What am I supposed to DO!? I'm going to bleed out!!" I yelled back at her. I quickly grabbed my fingers with my other hand, squeezing them together to try and close the wound. "The human body contains an average of ten pints of blood. You will lose roughly a pint of blood from an open wound like that within an hour. Less, if you continue to hold the wound shut. Fatal anemia occurs upon losing more than one third of your blood. Your statistical chances of dying from blood loss due to a wound like that are less than 7%. Continue the exam. I do suggest you hurry. Blood loss is not your main concern right now."

I hated the woman even more, but she was right. I was going to drown if I didn't hurry it up. I now knew better- you couldn't push blocks from certain sides, and there were spikes to punish you if you hurried too fast and didn't watch what you were doing. The water sloshed around my thighs as I pushed block, after block. I felt like I still had an eternity to reach the end, and the water was now up around my waist, and I was wading through it. Hurry... I had to hurry....

Despite the rising water levels, the blocks still moved at the same speed. I thanked god for that as I reached out with both my hands, still holding my wound shut above water, and pushed the last block out of the way. I was outright swimming now- only my head remained above water. But there it was- the end. I prayed that I didn't need to make it back upon obtaining the number 1--

As I touched the number, it jumped straight to my wristwatch. I could hear something churning in the corners of the room, and the steady trickling of water into my caged glass maze stopped. I turned around, breathing a sigh of relief. I was going to live. My numbers rose once again, up to 362. The glass enclosure opened back at the end I had come in, and the ladder lowered. I started to make my way over, when I realized... "Wait, you're not going to lower the water levels? I'm practically swimming through this here!"

"Your physical actions are none of our concern. Proceed with the examination."

As I climbed up the ladder and out of the water, the cool air I had felt earlier washed over me, and I shuddered, soaked all over other than my hair. I wished that I could be warm, and as I passed back out into the hallway, as if answering my prayers- three panels in the archway slid open, and out came glowing, bright red coils. "What the-" I paused hesitantly, wondering if I was going to be incinerated- when I felt an incredibly intense blast of hot air washing over me. "Ahh!" I cried out in shock- the hot air was intense! I clutched my wounded hand, and felt my skin and face growing hot. The winds were so intense, I couldn't even move forward- moments later, it was already over. Huffing from the experience, I looked down at myself, to find my clothes completely blown dry. I was glad for that- no more gross piss stain between my legs, even if it was just a little dribble.

At least, it was at first.

I returned to the wall, and grimaced as I let go of my hand to touch the wristwatch, and transmit the number 1 into its correct place. The bleeding had slowed considerably, but I could feel the clot trying to form tearing apart just from my hand's natural finger position. "Can't I do something about this now?" I asked. In answer to my request, a shining box appeared in the side of the mirror, away from the door puzzle. "Yes. You may spend points on a first aid kit for your hand. You will have to apply the stitches yourself." I glanced down at the points... 362. "How much?" I crossed my fingers on my other hand, hoping for good luck...

"Three hundred and fifty points," The bitch told me. I gritted my teeth- that was nearly all of them. And who knew if I would need to use them on the next puzzle, too? "Don't you have anything cheaper?" I asked, regretting that I hadn't been paying attention and stupidly got hurt this way. "A strip of cloth to bandage the wound and tie your fingers together. Fifty points."

"Deal," I said.

As the words left my mouth, the square on the mirror erased itself, a bright light starting in the corner and going around all four edges of the square. That section of the mirror slid back, and revealed a small compartment, which contained the strip of cloth rolled up in a ball. It wasn't as nice as stitches and gauze, but it would have to do. This place seemed pretty clean, so I wasn't worried about infection... I knew infections were something that happened to injuries, but I didn't exactly remember what one felt like. The cloth was clean, too- simple, but clean. I expected it to be grimy, or something.

The final test room was smaller than the maze and the forest. It was a room about forty by twenty feet. It had more of a dungeon like feel to it- the floor was made of sandstone, and was full of narrow holes. The light in the room gave it a yellowish orange color. I didn't see any kind of puzzle in here- just a long, rectangular glass that separated me from the mirror in the back of the room. As I approached the mirror, the archway I passed through to get inside closed behind me suddenly, just like with the glass maze. So I was trapped in here now, instead. "What's next, poison gas?" I asked with a roll of my eyes, and to answer my question, the ceiling shuddered, split down the middle, and retracted into the sides of the room. Like the pit in the forest room, I couldn't see the top of the ceiling, it was shrouded in darkness. What I DID see, were dozens of razor sharp spikes, thick like swords, just like the one I had opened my hand with.

I swallowed and my knees knocked together, staring up at them, feeling like they'd drop down and gore me at any moment. Even after the little release I had in the drowning maze, I was once again firmly reminded of the need growing in my bladder. I looked back to the mirror, and saw it change. There were sixteen little boxes, scattered in random points across the mirror. "Wait! Wait I want to spend points on a hint!" I yelled back up to the woman in charge of all this. Without even a confirmation response, I saw my 312 points drop down to 292. "It is a puzzle of memory. If you are lucky, you are allowed three tries."

"Lucky!?" I asked, when I saw the mirror flash, and draw my attention to it. The boxes on the mirror were filled with numbers- one through sixteen. In the center of the screen was a large number 5- and it began counting down. 4... 3.... I realized immediately what I had to do, and tasked myself to the memorization. It was over in a blink of an eye and the number squares were covered with white, like they were behind a panel, and I cursed. I had managed to look at them all the way up to fourteen, but I didn't see where fifteen or sixteen were. Not to mention, could I even remember this!?

Looking up at the knives once again, my hand shook as I reached out... and tapped the first square. The number "1" was revealed, and I breathed a sigh of relief. Quickly I got to two, three, four. Then, when I pressed the next panel in the sequence, instead of revealing the number, a red "X" appeared across the box. I gasped and covered my head with my arms, thinking maybe they would save me from the knives, and screamed as a number of them dropped and pierced the ground. However... none had fallen on top of me. I looked around- the swords had fallen in random locations. I was safe. For now... and stuck on the number five. When I looked back up to the ceiling, the holes where the swords had already fallen were being refilled with more swords. "Great," I muttered. "I can't even hide in the spots where they already fell."

I took a deep breath, and released it. I could do this... I just was going too fast. I remembered now that five was to the LEFT- reaching out, and confidently touching it. I breathed again and went back to the next panel that I had made the mistake on- six. I was certain that it had to be six. I fought with myself over it- I was running out of time, mentally. I would forget where the other ones were if I didn't hurry, so I pressed it.

I got the red "X" again.

I quickly looked up toward the ceiling and saw that the swords were coming loose and falling again- much more than last time, and this time, one was going to fall right on top of me! I screamed and slid out of the way in a panic, not realizing that I could have moved into the path of other spikes- luckily, I didn't, and the one that would have pierced me right through pierced into the floor instead, right into the little narrow hole so it could slide away and be replaced. For some insane kind of death trap, this examination hall was terribly intricate. The shock of almost being gored must have awoken something in me, because I immediately remembered where six was, selected it- and kept going.

Nearly dying can be quite the jump-start to the brain. When survival is the priority, it's amazing what you can do, mentally. I was able to remember clearly now- seven, eight, nine- having to walk down to the other side of the mirror for the other squares. Ten, eleven, twelve- moving back toward the center to get thirteen, fourteen... and now... the final two. They were right next to each other. And the worst part of it all, I hadn't looked at them. I didn't know which one was which at all- not even a slight inkling.

I stared at the two squares for what seemed like forever, trying to see past the white light that obscured their numbers from view. I screwed my eyes shut and tried to remember what the whole board looked like when I saw it, but it was no use. I just couldn't remember. It had to be one... or the other. I had a 50/50 chance- I had to pick one. If I didn't pick any, I would just be trapped in this room forever and starve to death. I remembered what the mystery psychopath told me. "If you are lucky, you are allowed three tries." This was my third try- which meant if I messed it up, I was out of tries. And I had a bad feeling I knew what happened if I messed up my third try.

Death. It would be unavoidable. A third of the swords fell the first time I made a mistake- two thirds fell the second time. That meant if I failed this time... I looked up at the ceiling. They were too narrowly spaced together. There was nowhere that I could stand to avoid them if they all fell down. My life- everything hung on this 50/50 bet. I had felt sure I had made dangerous bets in the past, and gotten a rush from them, but I got no rush at all from this. I got terror. Utter, mind consuming terror. The fear of failure, the fear of death- it ruled me. My hand pulsed from the pain where it had been injured... being stabbed in just the hand hurt this bad, what would it feel like to have my entire body gored? Would I die right away?

"You would not die immediately," The disembodied voice of the woman I hated most in the world popped up, like she was reading my mind, "If all the spikes fell. Their weight is not enough that gravity would allow them to pierce your skull. You would only die immediately if one stabbed your brain through your eye, the statistics of which are low. The pain would be intense. If the shock did not kill you, blood loss would. However, depending on how you are stabbed, dying from blood loss could take nearly fifteen minutes."

"I- I didn't n-need to k-know th-- that," I stammered, tripping over my tongue, nervousness and fear tying up my words. I was too afraid to even yell about it. My fingers hovered over the two panels. One was life. The other, death. One was success. The other, failure. I had to just guess- I had to go for it. I picked the one on the bottom, and started to move my finger toward it. It was as if something was pushing me back- the invisible force of sheer terror, holding my finger. My breathing got heavier and more ragged. I was sweating profusely, and my heart raced faster and faster. I felt this tremor, this spasm deep in my loins, and hot, hot wetness burst across my lap and groin. It gushed down my legs, I felt the wetness spread to my butt. I felt the streams of it running down the inside of my legs, soak into the thick legging fabric, and make it cling wetly to me.

I couldn't stop it. Not this time. My knees bent ever so slightly as I tried to force myself to press the button, which made me piss my pants even harder. I could hear the gushing, hissing ssssshhhhhhsssssss of my bladder forcibly emptying itself. I could hear the sound of pee gushing between my legs splattering on the floor. It soaked into my sneakers and my feet felt wet. I was wet all the way from my pussylips down to my heel- completely, utterly soaked. I stood there trembling, bladder empty, pee still dripping down the cloth of my pants. Too intent on trying to force myself to do this, I didn't even notice my number of points skyrocket up to 644. I screwed my eyes shut, and forced my finger forward.

I waited for the inevitable. If I was going to die like this, I didn't want to see. I swallowed, and waited for what felt like an eternity. I opened one eye just a crack... and saw it. The number fifteen. I had done it- I prevailed. I let out the breath I was holding, and moved my hand up to the last square- sixteen, and I was done. With the tension gone, I looked down at my completely peed in pants, and my lower lip quivered, making a face of disgust and shame. I slinked forward, to go and obtain the final number- the number 3- and started to slowly slink back down the hall, too disgraced to have any energy.

I stood in front of the mirror, about to assign the number to its mark. "It seems you've wet yourself," I heard the terrible woman's voice in my head. I looked away and covered my lap with both hands, not that it would help anything. "I- I d- didn't..." I tried to say, more an effort to convince myself, really. "There is no benefit to lying. Furthermore, we all witnessed it happen. Based on our data, we predicted an 83.433% chance you would wet yourself in fear before the third examination. Our data is rarely incorrect."

I covered my hot, pink face with both hands, screwing my eyes shut and squatting down, making myself as small as I felt, mortified to even be having this conversation. With my eyes shut like this, I missed out on my points raising to 707. I tried to choke back a sniffle- but I couldn't help but weep into my hands. This was so utterly demeaning to me- I couldn't take it, and had to cry for just a few seconds. This caused my points to rise to 749. Again- I did not notice.

"Can... can I change... or something?" I begged, sniffing and wiping away my tears with the heel of my good palm. My legs wobbled, but, I managed to stand. "You lack the points and progress for this request. You may spend 600 points, to have access to a blow-drier for three minutes."

"Six- Six hundred!?" I snapped back. What a ridiculous amount! "I only had like, three hundred when I-" That was when I noticed how high my points had climbed.

749... why? Why did they sponsor me so much? What did I do? Was it because I solved the puzzles and finished this examination? Or was it because... of what I had done? Because I got so scared, that I... that I wet myself? A revulsed grimace turned into a scowl as I thought about it. That would make the most sense. This was all entertainment for them, wasn't it? Not some kind of TEST. They awarded me points when I hurt myself, when I humiliate myself. The points are incentive to see me suffer. I understood, now.

I sniffed and wiped my tears away. I wouldn't let them take it from me. I needed these points. Who knows what else I could get with them? I'd gotten so much- if I carelessly blew all the points I had, I wouldn't have them later when I really needed them. Which meant that... I would just have to deal with it. "No... no thanks," I murmured, and pressed the symbol to assign the number 3 to it. "Very well." At least the emotionless psycho bitch wasn't rubbing it in or making fun of me.

The mirror absorbed the puzzle, like the one in my little jail cell had, and nearby it, a section of the wall hissed with some kind of cold gas, and retracted itself into the wall- sliding itself aside, to allow me entryway through. "Proceed to the next examination." I trudged along, disgusted at the wet squish in my shoes from every little step that I took. It was starting to grow cold, and clammy. My skin already felt dry, and irritated- no doubt I was going to end up with a rash because of this. The next room I entered was another hallway, a fair bit longer than the rest. Looking down at my feet, I dragged my fingers of my good hand along the wall, plugging onward.

At some point, the floor and the walls were no longer made of the clean, white, plastic looking material. They had been converted into stone. Grey, dank stone, not unlike some sort of miserable dungeon. I looked up, and saw that the hallway spread out into a large room. It was as dungeon like as it could get- mold forming in the crevices of the bricks. Water dripping from the ceiling in places. I had entered a square room, relatively empty and abandoned looking. Broken casks, a single chair. A few shelves that had dusty, ancient bottles on them. Suddenly, the wall behind me slammed shut, and I screamed, twisting myself around to look at it. It seemed there was no going back, after all.

"This examination is simple. Find the five symbols, and apply them to the correct spots on the exit mirror. There are no challenges in this testing area- you simply must hunt down and find the symbols, decipher them, and put them in their correct places. Once five minutes have passed, we will introduce incentivization to complete the puzzle faster." I listened carefully to her instructions, this time- This place made me feel uneasy, and I wanted to know exactly what I was getting into. "What... what do you mean by incentivization?"

"You will deduce that later," My tormentor instructed my cryptically. "Begin the Examination, Iyaori." Glancing down at my wristwatch, I saw five boxes appear on it- it seemed that I didn't need to collect the symbols one by one, I could snatch them all up at once. Above the boxes, a timer began counting down, from 5:00:00. Anxiety consumed me- I didn't want to find out what they meant by 'incentivization', so I started off at a run, searching through the area.

The dungeon was large, but not TOO large. About eight rooms and three hallways, all connected to each other in an asymmetrical pattern. The hallways were fairly free of clutter, other than some barrels and boxes in the way, so I set about searching the rooms. Quickly enough, I found the first symbol- and was utterly perplexed by it. It didn't make any sense- it wasn't a roman numeral. It was sort of like a weird star, in a way- a sequence of 5 lines at 90 degree angles to each other from a center point. I stared at it in the watch, trying to make sense of it- flicking my eye up and noticing that I had only 3:39:52 remaining. I really didn't want to find out what would happen, so I continued to rush through the rooms. The symbols weren't easy to find- I just happened to luck upon the first one. They weren't always on a wall, or a door, or a shelf.

I found the next one inside of a box. It was a rather large box- it looked like I could fit inside of it. Now that I noticed that, I looked around the rooms in the dungeon- several of the rooms contained large boxes, cabinets, or armoires that I could have fit inside of. I had no frame of reference, but I guessed that I must not be very tall. Either that, or this dungeon was designed with gigantic people in mind. I found the next one under a chair seat- this one had a series of lines with curve-like waves. I wasn't seeing the pattern at all.

Two left to find. That... that was when I heard it. During my search, I had found one door, about two rooms away from the exit mirror, that I couldn't get into. I thought nothing of it at the time. But, just as I was passing through that room, glancing down at my watch to see that I had only 1:27:33 remaining, the door that was locked suddenly slammed and shuddered. I sucked in air and stifled a gasp, covering my mouth and staring at the door in a panic. SLAM. SLAM. SLAM. There... there was something on the other side. It was trying to beat the door down, and from the strength of its blows, it was going to succeed. I began to smell a horrible, rotten stench. I gagged, and scurried away to a different room, not wanting to be in that one anymore- carefully and quietly closing the door behind me. Looking at the door I closed, I realized that it had a lock on it- so I locked it. Maybe I could trap it for long enough to escape.

I found the fourth symbol behind a dresser drawer in that room. I was moving more slowly now- I was trying to creep, to be stealthy. I didn't know if this thing could be avoided, but they couldn't have expected me to solve a puzzle while being chased by someone, could they? I could hear the hammering slams coming faster, and faster. I heard the sound of wood splintering. I looked down at my watch- four symbols, one to go- and 00:11:09 remaining on the timer. I covered my mouth firmly, stifled my breathing as I hid in the dark, two rooms away. I heard the sound of the door shattering into pieces. I heard the sound of wet, slimy, disgusting feet pounding heavily on the stone ground. I heard a moan in two voices, one low and guttural, the other high pitched and whimpering.

I now had to complete my search in perfect silence, or risk being discovered. I slunk along the corridor, trying to put some distance between us. Fuck searching- for the time being, I was going to hide and stay away! I could hear its feet shuffling, the sound of clinking chains. I could tell where it was from at least a few rooms away. I would go to where I couldn't hear it, and search there. If I heard it coming, I'd go out a different way- all rooms except one had at least two ways out. Of course, the fucking exit mirror would be in the room where there's only one way in or out.

This test suddenly became much harder, and much more horrifying than the last ones, even with their razor sharp death traps. I didn't want to imagine what they had found to 'incentivize' me with. Unfortunately... I didn't have to imagine. I made a mistake. I was searching through one of the rooms, when suddenly, I heard the rattling of the doorknob behind me. It was right fucking there- right outside the room I was in. I didn't realize that IT could sneak too, to try and surprise me. I looked left and right- I didn't have time. If I made it to the door, it would spot me. So I hastily ducked down behind some barrels, in the corner- begging god, whoever that was, to let it go past me. I watched the door through a crack between the barrels, and what I saw...

I almost vomited. It was no longer anything remotely human or animal. It was both. It walked on two legs, like a man- if one could call them legs. The left thigh was enormously tumorous and bulbous, covered in burst open sores. The right leg had no foot, it walked on a bloody stump. The torn, tattered burlap cloths did almost nothing to cover the sight of his skin, fat and rippling with muscle in its chest and gut. The thing was covered in putrid lacerations- from head to toe, all over its body, like the victim of some horrible factory accident. A chain dragged behind him on his left ankle, presumably having originally changed his legs together, but missing his right foot, it had fallen off that leg.

It's head was inhuman. Half the face of a man, the corner of his mouth drooped eternally in a paralyzed groan. Half the face of a dog, fur and skin removed, only bare red flesh dripping with blood. The human half moaned its agony, while the dog half snorted and snapped at the air. Between their two heads was a gap, an empty space where their skulls were cleaved open- half the brain of each, man and beast, had been surgically attached together, and exposed to the air. Its right hand, much thicker and stronger than the other, carried a pockmarked, rusty axe. Not a simple axe used for chopping wood, but a brutal executioner's weapon, with sharp spikes and blood grooves. Rusty as it was, the edge was still razor sharp, despite being chipped in some places, giving the weapon a serrated edge.

Urine trickled down the inside of my thighs as I knelt behind the barrels. It wasn't much, considering that I had only recently had an accident, but my horror and revulsion compelled me to urinate as hard as I could. The cold clamminess felt warm again against my pussy and between my thighs, for a few moments. My points rose up to 812. I watched the creature drag itself through the room, stopping and turning its head from side to side. It drew near to my corner of the room. I made myself as tiny as I could, far back in the dark corner. I silently begged for anyone who would listen, to just let him move on. I wasn't watching him anymore- I couldn't risk being seen between the slats of the barrels. I covered my mouth with both hands, and held my breath. I could have sworn he was staring directly into my hiding place...

But it worked. I could hear the chain rattle behind him as he slinked off, to shuffle and groan his way through the dungeons in search of me. As utterly revulsed as I was by the sight of him, I felt a bit of relief knowing that he was missing a foot. Likely, I could outrun him, if I had to. That was when I peeked out from behind the barrels, to see which room he would head towards next... and I found what I was looking for. The final rune.

It was engraved into his back.

I went into the fetal position up in my dark little corner, covering my mouth tightly, tears streaming down my cheeks as I cried, wept bitterly and frightenedly at the knowledge that if I wanted to get through this... I had to touch his back. I couldn't do it- I just couldn't do it. I was certain, at that point, that I was going to die here. Terrified to the point of pissing my pants again, crying in this corner, a flash of hot red anger ran through me when I saw that my points went up yet again, to 845.

One way or another, I would die. If I did nothing, hid and wept, I would eventually be found. If I played hide and seek with him forever and ever, I would grow exhausted, be found, and be killed. I had only one choice remaining, even if I had only a 5% chance of success... I had to touch his back, make it to the door, assign the symbol, and escape. My mind raced trying to think of ways I could do it- I could throw something to distract him... touch the rune and run away as fast as I could. The armoires and chests... yes, I could hide in one of those, then sneak to the door when he was far away from it. I could do it.

First, I had to make it to the mirror room, and hope that he didn't go inside. I needed to solve the puzzle as much as I could- give myself as much time as I could. Remembering my mistake from before, I tracked him carefully. I whispered a prayer of thanks that my shoes didn't squeak on the damp stones of the dungeon. I waited until his search was well on the other side of the dank halls, and crept into the mirror room. When I got close to it, I saw the boxes light up on the mirror, and my stomach sank. I only had to find 5 symbols.... but there were 10 random numbers on the door. My chances of correctly picking the right number by guessing were cut in half. I HAD to figure the symbols out. I squinted at the first one I picked up, the one that had the five 90 degree angles coming out of a central point. From the central point, there were five lines... and, as it was, there was a number 5 on the mirror. So, I tapped that symbol, and tapped the number 5.

The symbol appeared on top of the number, and flashed red- returning itself to my wristwatch. I cursed- the answer must have been more complicated than that. Just as I was about to try to guess again, everything went to hell.

The mirror started to chime a loud, irritating klaxon. WEEEERP. WEEEEERP. WEEEEEERP. I gasped and looked up at it, saw the lights on it flashing, the deafening sound it was making- tears streaked down my cheeks again as I realized what my failure had cost me. The mirror betrayed me. 843 points. I ran over to the door to try and escape the mirror room and hide somewhere else- when I heard the thunderous stomping of the beast's feet, the rattle of his chain. Fast- faster than I possibly imagined. It ran into the middle of the next room and grunted and groaned at me monstrously. It had found me. His disgusting two heads stood a whole two heads over me. The cancerous, blistered left leg was as thick as I was around the waist.

He didn't attack me right away, though I was clear in his line of sight. I was frozen to the spot, riveted there with sheer dread, eyes as wide as they could get. I couldn't stop shaking, my entire body was shaking- my stomach churned, and I immediately shit my pants. Filthy, wet and messy crackling erupted from my backside- I completely exploded into my panties, a gassy PRRRAAPPHHTT resounding from my rectum and echoing throughout the chambers. I watched my points climb, and climb, and climb- all the way up to 1,477. As if that were his cue, he started to shuffle forward to back me against the wall. I cried and shook my head. "No no no no no, no, oh no, oh no," I kept whimpering to myself. He reeled his weapon back, and I put my hands up in front of my face to defend myself, screwing my eyes shut.

I heard something wet thud against the ground. My body was pumped so full of adrenaline, at first, I didn't recognize what it was. I didn't feel pain. But as I opened my eyes, saw him standing over me... saw my stump. My arm. He'd cut off my right arm, in the middle of the forearm. Blood was gushing out of me and running all over the stump of my remaining arm. The pain set in then- it was a searing, burning, fire of blood. Though I remembered nothing about my life, I knew that this was the most intense pain I had ever, ever felt.

I screamed in agony- I shrieked at the top of my lungs. The beast reeled back, the dog-side of his head barking and crying in pain, and I took the opportunity to bolt under his arm. I made it into another room and yanked the door shut behind me, locking it- immediately the monster started to chop the door into pieces with his gore axe. I ran, and I ran, and I made it through three more rooms. That chest- the one where I found the third rune. I immediately went inside it and pulled the lid shut, not caring that I was sitting in a wet, reeking, shitty mess in my pants.

I gritted my teeth and sobbed insanely, hyperventilating, trying to make myself silent- grabbing my wrist stump, squeezing it as hard as I could, maybe I could get it to stop bleeding long enough to try again, it was the only thought I had in my mind- I had to survive. I had to survive! Trembling in that little box, I was enveloped in the stench of my accident, I couldn't breathe. Sitting in there like that, I was forcibly pissing and messing my pants as hard as I could- but I was empty, so nothing came out, even though the urge wouldn't abate.

"This isn't good at all. Your chances of survival are quite low." Now she wanted to speak to me? I was still sobbing hysterically, and I spat back at her, "Shut up! It'll find me! I'm dead, I'm going to die, I-I'm dead-"

"Not to worry. He cannot hear my communication to you. I'm speaking inside of your head. Regardless, that isn't going to save you. We estimated a 100% probability that, if you did not wet yourself in the last test, you would during this. We also estimated a 91.11% probability you would soil your pants." I wiped my face with my hand, letting go of my bleeding stump for just a moment, silent tears continuing to stream down my face, plastered with tears and blood and snot. "Wh, wh-wh-wh-wh-wh-- what do I do?" I heard him limping his bloody leg through the halls, he was getting closer. I jumped as I heard the door to the very room I was in get smashed open. I could hear his tormented moans. I could hear him slowly dragging himself deeper into the room.

"There is no longer anything you can do," She told me. What she told me next dashed my hopes completely, and froze me in place.

"You've soiled your pants. He can smell you."

Spoiler

The lid of the box I was hiding in was thrown open, and I shrieked in terror for my life. It reached inside the box with its grubby, enormous hands, yanking me up and out of it. I kicked, I screamed, I writhed and twisted. He took my good arm, and bent it backwards- like he was playing with a doll, my arm popped out of my socket and I screeched from the unbearable pain. The dog head snapped and barked at me, biting into my shoulder, ripping chunks of flesh from me. I felt him put his hand on my head, and he twisted. I thought my skull would fracture, I thought my neck would explode. He twisted my head until I could no longer scream. He twisted, and twisted-

I awoke suddenly, gasping for breath and holding my chest. Intense pain wracked through me, radiating from my heart, and spreading across my chest and arms, down into my stomach. I felt I was going to be sick, doubled over sitting on my bed, unable even to scream as the air was caught in my lungs. I immediately rolled the upper half of my body to the side and vomited over the edge of the bed, but it was an empty dry heave, and only a strand of foamy spittle came out.

The pain began to subside, and I felt a cooling sensation running down my spine, originating in the base of my skull. It calmed me somewhat, and helped me to feel normal again. I was able to collect myself, swing my legs over the edge of the bed, and consult my surroundings. I was in a strange, sterile room- a cell, perhaps. The walls and the floor were all made of this same opaque white plastic, a bluish light radiating through it and lighting up my room with cold colors. The room was tiny- it was no wider than the length of my bed, and only about one and a half times that long. Just enough room so that I could stand up.

There was a mirror in the room. It ran from the floor, up to the ceiling- large enough for me to see my entire body. I sat on the edge of the bed, staring at myself. I was a woman. I had short, bob cut, scarlet red hair. My eyes were a shimmering shade of violet. My skin was light and pinkish, mottled only by freckles on my upper cheeks. I stared, and stared into the mirror, realizing that this was me.

Then, I realized that this wasn't me.

Then, I realized what had just happened.

"State your name," I heard her voice again. I hadn't looked at the name on the mirror yet. I was feeling my wrist, feeling my hand. Feeling my neck. I ran my hands up the side of my face, holding my cheeks. Then- I began to scream. I screamed, and I screamed, in a voice that wasn't my own. I writhed around like a possessed woman on the bed, kicking my feet, eyes bugging out of my head.

"WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME!!? WHAT'S HAPPENING TO ME!!! WHAT'S HAPPENING TO MEEEEE!!?" I howled, over and over again. I screamed for so long, that I eventually wore myself out, lying on my side in the bed, voice completely hoarse and dry.

"You are here for examination. The first test is very simple. You must tell me your name. Then..."

"You must proceed."

