"Suramar Night" and other horrible, shameless stories

Author: Rain_Attica

*008*2021-05-19 19:16

I'm very glad you're enjoying them. I am proud of that last one, and the world it's built in. Even though there's going to be a lot of layers of complexity, throughout the entire story we will actually learn very little about the world it all takes place in. I may write more stories in the future involving that world, but I don't have any plans as of yet. I enjoyed writing that last one a lot, though I wonder sometimes if there's something evil in me that compels me to create such a horrible scenario.

No updates right now, but I might do another chapter when I come home tonight. I may not, as I keep coming home from work and cranking these out from scratch in the 4-5 hours ish that I have before bed, and I'm sort of getting tired. But I also really enjoy it, so I might just.

I'd like to give everyone a break from the rough humiliation and the gory violence and circle back around, so I'll be doing the next chapter of Suramar Nights, which I recently realized I fucked up the title of in the title of this thread. I wonder if I can get that changed. Anyway, it's gonna be really nasty, but the tone will be far more light hearted.

*009*2021-05-21 07:13

Alright, so, I was planning on doing the second chapter of Suramar Nights but I just can't seem to get into it. The horny has passed, and I'm really interested in doing another chapter of the horrible death experiment story, so that's next up on the plate. I promise I'll write more horny stuff later on, probably in a month when the horny returns

*012*2021-06-01 01:18

Inspiration has struck me, so I'm gonna do another chapter. I dunno how long it'll be right now, we'll just see where it goes!

The following story will contain wetting, messing, S&M bondage, sexual themes, and outright sex. And maybe some other mushy stuff.

Her

(Chapter 1.2)

"Ah.. ahh... ah! Ohh! Mmmmnnnnh, please, oh please, oh don't stop, ooohhh!" A sharp smack resounded through the bedroom and I squealed with pleasure, my bottom stinging furiously from the firm spank Mistress gave me. "You don't tell me what to do!" She hissed sternly at me, reaching down and grabbing my hips. She squeezed them tightly, pulled me back onto her strap-on, filling and stretching me. I was getting absolutely railed on the bed, this morning. The acrid smell of urine filled my nostrils as my face rubbed against the wet spot on the bed I was being fucked in. Mistress leaned over me and grabbed the back of my head, pushing and rubbing my face around in it.

"Do you like that? Hmm? How does your own piss smell, slave?" She taunted me, as her hips rhythmically bucked back and forth, firmly pounding into me. I was orgasming for the second time already- whimpering and moaning while cum streaked down the inside of my thighs. My thighs trembled, my toes curled tightly. I gripped the bedsheets with both of my hands, burying my face in the mattress, despite the fact I was face-first in my own bedwetting accident.

It had happened again that morning. It had been starting to happen more often, without the help of drugs. I was in my own bed, this time. I stirred half-awake as I felt the familiar sensation of warm wetness pooling under my bottom. As I fully awakened, I realized what was happening, and the stream tapered off to a stop. But that didn't matter, because the bed was already quite wet. I lifted the sheets to look down at myself, seeing the puddle I had made, seeing my inner thighs wet with pee. "Ah... I wet the bed again..." I murmured to myself. "I... I'm a bedwetter. A naughty little bedwetter." Still, I was obsessed with the act, even though accidents had happened over and over again, now that I was Mistress's slave. Still I was obsessed with saying the words out loud- it made me feel light in the head, woozy almost, and it made me tingle between the thighs.

I started to wet again. I held the sheets up so I could watch, watch as my pee stream arced into the sheets between my legs. I spread my legs apart and pulled my labia up, watching rapt with attention as I saw my stream arc higher and higher, and then start hitting the top sheet. I peed against the top sheet for awhile, watching as the pee soaked across it, sprayed everywhere in the bed, rained down over my lap and lower belly... I dropped the sheet and relaxed my legs, fully releasing my bladder, and let the warm, wet sensation wash over me. A sense of relief flooded through me as my bladder emptied itself into the bed. A shaky breath of release came from me, as the last few drops came out. I slid my hand down my abdomen, and began to touch myself.

"And just what do you think you're doing?" I heard from the dark corner of my room, and I whimpered with fear, eyes darting back up. I hadn't seen her at all- it was as if she wasn't even there. She had blended seamlessly into the darkness- Mistress. Her gorgeous pink-maroon hair reflected in the bare amount of sunlight trickling through my bedroom curtains- Like me, she was naked from head to toe. "I- I'm-" I started to stammer, but her elegant long legs strode across the room in a couple of steps and she reached down, grabbing my wrist and pulling my hand away from my pussylips. "Don't even fucking bother, I saw everything. Who gave you permission to touch yourself?" She tilted her head and narrowed her glowing white eyes at me, getting right in my face. I whimpered, and my lower lip quivered, knowing I was in trouble. "Ugh, seriously? You pissed the bed and now you're fucking masturbating? You are such a disgusting, filthy, perverted little rat."

"Guess I'm going to have to teach you a lesson," Mistress growled sternly at me, ripping the bedsheets off of me. I squealed in dismay as I was swiftly put across her lap, and delivered a painful, harsh lesson with her palm on my bottom. Just like every spanking I got, I squirmed, I whimpered, I cried, and I peed more. One thing lead to another, and I suddenly found myself in this situation.

Getting forcefully, deeply, mercilessly fucked in my own pee puddle. She smacked my already red bottom again, just to hear me cry. "That's right, whimper. Beg. You nasty little whore, I want to hear you suffer!" Mistress laughed at me, mocked me, and all I could do was whimper and curl my toes and cum. I was in heaven- this was where I belonged, I knew this now. All the things I had done in my life, I deserved nothing more than to be her plaything. I deserved the harshest punishments- I deserved to be her little toilet slave.

I slumped forward, energy spent, shuddering as my climax began to subside. Mistress pushed me forward, shoving me off of the toy and onto the bed, to simply lie there on my side, cum dripping down the back of my thigh. She undid the buckle on her strap-on and brought it to her lips, blessing me with the sight of her tasting my cum. "Not too bad. Your new diet is working out for you, I think," she murmured as she reached down and pushed it into my mouth, twisting it around and forcing me to lick and suck it clean of my own juices, which I did happily. She pulled it out of my mouth with a wet little plop, a tendril of drool connecting it to my lower lip. In my light-headed, blissful, post-fucking state, I looked up to her with half-lidded eyes, and murmured, "I love you."

This was a mistake.

Mistresses eyes first widened with surprise, and then narrowed with irritation. "What did you just fucking say?" She asked me with a sneer of disgust on her face. I hadn't even really quite realized it myself, but when I did, my eyes opened back up and my face glowed bright red with a blush. "I- It was an accid-" I didn't manage to get the words out of my mouth before I was eating heel, Mistress stepping right on my face, pushing my head into the wet mattress. "Don't you ever say something like that to me again! Ever! There is no room for love in this relationship, do you understand? You are my plaything, and I am your punishment! Love? Hah! This is nothing more than revenge, you worthless little shit."

I could hardly breathe with my face being stomped in like this. I kicked my feet, I struggled and tried to break free, but she was too strong. "Mmfh- mmfhhmmm!" I tried to speak, voice muffled by her long elven foot, that I understood. "Don't... you dare... think that I have forgotten what kind of debt you owe me. What you've done. You had best pray you are able to keep me entertained, because once I grow bored of you, I'm going to kill you. Bitch." With that, she spat on me, and turned to walk away- but then she stopped, deciding that wasn't quite good enough.

She came back and stomped her foot on the mattress next to my head, reaching down and grabbing my thick, wavy black hair. "Nnghh!" I cried out in pain, reaching up to try and hold my head. It felt as if she were going to rip my hair right off my head. She shimmied her hips, getting into position, and before I knew it, a hot, wet stream of urine was hitting me in the face. I gasped and sputtered, eyes screwed shut as she urinated on me. "You are nothing more than my toilet whore. Don't you ever forget it, shit-pants. Ahhh.... that feels SO much better. How does it taste, hmm? Aren't you so happy that Mistress is gracing you with her piss?"

The sad thing is, I was. Even though it hurt, even though my love had been spurned and I was ashamed, I was happy. It was quite rare for Mistress to ever relieve herself on me. The mortifying shame, the degradation of being used as a toilet- I was starting to enjoy these emotions... starting to become sexually aroused by them.

Mistresses pee stream started to drop down, arcing onto my breasts instead of my face, gradually going down to a trickle that ran down the inside of her own muscled thigh. This didn't seem to bother her, oddly enough. "You're fucking banned from the toilet today, slave. Get dressed. No washing yourself either, you're going to stink of pee all day." She stormed back toward my bedroom door, ripping it open. "STAY in your room, until I say you can come out!" Mistress roared at me, as she violently slammed the door behind her. I flinched- Mistress rarely got this angry. She was angry all the time, yes, but she never took it out on me quite like this. I wondered what, exactly, I had done.

No, I knew what I had done, but... why did it make her so mad?

Awhile later, I had gotten dressed- since apparently I was banned from using the bathroom until Mistress allowed it, I decided to wear one of my older, more... 'yellow' stained cotton panties, and one of my special pairs of white pants Mistress got for me. I used an old shirt to dry the pee out of my hair the best that I could, but even if I sprayed a little perfume on it, the smell of urine hung on me. I was quickly growing used to it anyway- so, with a sigh, I opened up my closet to try and pick out a shirt to wear. Then I heard a pounding on the door.

I shyly slinked over to it and opened it just a crack, only to see that nobody was there- and then I heard another pounding. It was coming from the front door. We had a guest, but... Mistress said I was to stay in my room, so, I couldn't go answer the door. I glanced up and down the hallway, wondering if I should do it anyway- it might have been a customer, and we needed the money. I crept out of my room and down the hall, carefully looking out for Mistress, when I suddenly saw her cross the living room, so I ducked behind a basket of laundry. She didn't see me, but I could still see the look of irritation on her face.

"What do you want?" I heard her say from around the corner. I couldn't see who it was- they said something to her, it must have been a woman. They were too far away for me to make out their voice, so I scooted the laundry basket down the hall to see if I could get a little closer.

"...ara. That is you, right?" I heard her say. "Yes, speaking, what the hell do you want? I don't recall doing anything to warrant a visit from the sentinels." I gasped and held my hand over my mouth, backing firmly against the wall into my hiding spot. We were in foreign territory- at least, foreign territory for ME. I was more than just a foreigner, I was a member of a hostile species. If they stormed the place and came in here, they'd be fully within their rights to kill me on sight. I tried to still my breathing, as I perked up my long pointy ears to try to get a better listen.

"No, you haven't, this is an unofficial visit- I was sent by General Feyla. Your term of service has come to an end, but... the war against the Forsaken is endless. They fashion their reinforcements from our dead. You've seen the horrors they've committed-"

"Yes, firsthand, on Darkshore. Is that what this is about? I've only just gotten out and you're trying to pull me back in?"

"With all due respect..."

I flinched as I heard a loud crashing noise- presumably Mistress trying to slam the door, in her anger. "You can shove your fucking respect. I'm done out there, do you hear me? Unless you have an official summons, the next time you set foot on my property, I'll shoot you for tresspassing. Get. Out."

"Ma'am, I don't understand, you were one of our best rangers- Don't you take pause at what's happening over there? Those arsonists dare to continue to tread earth and you-"

"You don't think I hate them just as much as you do? As any of us do? I was THERE that day, you know. I saw it all happen. I saw those I cared for die, and I'm tired of it. I'm retired. I have a happy life here, and you or Feyla or even the fucking Night Warrior herself won't take that away from-"

"Oh yes, we're quite aware of the happy life you've got for yourself right here. You know, it's a little suspicious even- you sure you aren't keeping anything... illegal here, are you? We wouldn't want to have to come back-"

Suddenly, I heard the deafening crack of one of our rifles going off, and I winced and clapped both of my hands over my ears, scooting back firmly against the wall. I felt a warmth spread across my butt, and realized that I was scared into wetting my pants again. My bladder wasn't very full, so the wetness barely soaked my butt and made a little wet patch on the carpet, but it was enough for me to be shocked at how easily I lost bladder control. I've always been a measly little coward, but just hearing a gunshot?

I dry-swallowed, frowning at my situation, and went to go crawl back into my bedroom. "GET OFF MY PROPERTY, AND DON'T COME BACK WITHOUT AN OFFICIAL SUMMONS OR A WARRANT!" I heard Mistress howling, along with the sound of boots and armor shuffling and moving quickly away from the door. I crawled back into my room, pulling the door shut behind me. I crawled under the bed, dragging the top bedsheet with me, not caring that it was still wet with my pee, and wrapped myself in it- hiding and trembling under my bed. Mistress was so angry today... I thought today might be the day she... sent me off.

It was totally silent in the house. I listened to the clock ticking on the wall, tick, tock, back and forth. My butt felt wet and clammy, and I wanted to change, but I knew that I'd probably be yelled at. So I curled up under my pissy sheets, under the bed, and waited, shivering and staring into the dimness of the room. It felt like an eternity to me, but only about five minutes went by, before I heard footsteps falling in the hallway outside my room, and the door creak open. "Oh slave, It's time for- Slave? Where did you go?" She stepped further into the room. I could see her ankle trembling before she stamped her foot on the floor. "Fucks sake, I TOLD you not to leave your ROOM!" She yelled, and a whimper escaped me.

She must have heard, because Mistress knelt down, and I saw her glowing white eyes peek under the bed. "There you are. What on earth are you doing under there?" She said to me condescendingly, and reached in to grab the bedsheets I was wrapped up in and drag me out. I squealed and kicked, not wanting to leave my safe hiding place, but I couldn't resist Mistress, and she grabbed me by the wrist and hoisted me to my feet. I trembled and looked at my feet, twiddling my hands fingers together in front of my chest.

"I- I... h-heard a shot," I murmured, looking hopefully up at my goddess. Her lips were pursed in thought, and she looked down at me in judgement, before reaching up and running her hand through my hair. "And you were scared, hm?" She took my shoulder and spun me around, glancing down and clucking her tongue. "Mmhm, I see. Scared enough to wet yourself. Only just dressed, and you're already having accidents? Tsk, tsk." She reached down and patted my bottom, rubbing her hand over the wet patch. She gave my ass a squeeze, and turned me back around.

I was expecting punishment, but instead, she held both of my cheeks and kissed me on the forehead. "Such a dumb little pantswetting baby," She cooed to me, and I flushed and glanced away, too shy to look her directly in the eye. "Come on now. It's time for breakfast."

She lead my by the hand into the kitchen, and sat me down at the table, the same spot where I always sat and had my breakfast. There was a bowl of porridge on the table on the other side, where she normally sits, but nothing for me. "U-um... where's...?" I started to ask, looking expectantly up at my Mistress, my caretaker. "Where's yours? I have it right here," She said. Mistress took her chair and scooted it around the table, sitting it in front of me so that she could sit down, within arms reach, giving my bowl a little stir. "If you're going to wet your bed and poop your pants like a little baby, I'm going to treat you like one. Now, here comes Mama Raven, swooping down into her nest! Fwoooosh!" She even did the sound effects, zooming the spoon around and pushing it into my face.

I was horrifyingly embarrassed- I hadn't been treated like this before. I was a good slave, though, so I opened my mouth and let her feed me. It was humiliating... and my wet butt felt even more cold and clammy now that I was sitting on it. I squirmed awkwardly in my chair, and Mistress looked down at me with that wonderful expression- that amused, toothy smirk, looking down at me like I was garbage, like I was scum. My heart fluttered at the sight of it. I should be happy, I thought- Mistress is taking it upon herself to hand feed me.

She sat the bowl down and fed me another spoonful, smiling at me and tousling my hair with her other hand as I obediently chewed and swallowed. "Good slut," She said to me, cooing affectionately. She had a strange look in her eyes, one I had seen a few times before, but couldn't quite place- I didn't know what emotion it was, but she didn't seem... unhappy. She held the spoon in the air and continued to stare at me, her expression slowly souring, turning to one of irritation. "On second thought, I don't have time for this," She spat, dropping the spoon on the table, taking me by the back of the head, and forcing my face into the porridge bowl. She laughed at me as I raised my face out of it, looking dumbly confused, food on my nose and cheeks and forehead.

I went to wipe my face off with my sleeve, picking up the dropped spoon dejectedly, but Mistress smacked it out of my hand. "No," She sneered at me. "Eat it like that. Like the fucking dog you are," She commanded me. A shiver of self-pity ran down my spine, as I slowly lowered my face to the bowl, and attempted to eat without using my hands, getting more porridge all over my face and in my hair. "Hah! This is amazing," She mocked me as she reached across the table for her own breakfast, to eat it like a normal, respectable person... unlike me. She pushed my face up out of the bowl, and took it, standing up and walking over to the middle of the floor, where she sat it down. "Dogs don't eat at the table."

Confused and embarrassed, I looked up at her, and then back down at the bowl on the floor. "Not hungry?" She asked me with that clever smirk on her face, and I slinked out of my chair, slowly getting down on the floor on my hands and knees, to finish my breakfast. As I bent down, Mistress came up behind me, grabbing me by my ear and yanking my head back. "Ah!" I cried out with pain, as she hissed into my ear. "Don't you fucking dare wet yourself today. Do you understand? And you're still banned from the toilet. You'll hold it until I give you permission to go. If I see a single wet streak down your thigh, I'm going to whip your ass so fucking raw, you won't be able to sit for a week, piss pants." This, naturally, made me gush piss into my panties in terror, an uncontrollable little spurt, which soaked my groin and just barely dribbled down my thigh.

"Finish your damn breakfast," She said, letting go of my head and pushing my face back towards the bowl. I finished eating like that, while she sat in her chair and used me as a footrest, crossing her legs and resting her heels on the small of my back while she ate her own bowl of porridge.

Thankfully, she allowed me to wash my face in the sink after, while I was taking care of cleaning up the dishes. I felt her standing behind me, looking down over me, watching me work. I shivered- it was an uncomfortable feeling, having her standing over me and judging how good of a job I was doing. I started to scrub a little harder- I wanted to please Mistress, after all. "That's enough," She said, putting her hand on my shoulder. "Lets get to work for the day."

I nodded and sat the last dish on the shelf to dry. "O-okay..." I murmured, turning and going to head into my little workshop. Mistress tugged on my ear, directing me away. "Not that kind of work, you dumb slut. What do we do when we have a bedwetting, hmm?" She berated me, starting to pull me by the ear towards my bedroom. "Ow! W- we- we clean th- the sheets," I said, blushing that I had forgotten about it. "That's right. Honestly, you've wet the bed so many times now, how do you not understand this? You'll work in the workshop when I say it's time. Today, we're cleaning."

We? I turned my eyes to the side to look up to Mistress. Would she be cleaning with me? Anticipation rose in my throat, I felt hot in the face, butterflies fluttering in my stomach. Mistress never worked alongside me. We had our own separate workshops- she said that she didn't want my piss-reeking bottom to distract her, but I think that she mostly needed the focus, or she couldn't work. Mistress was perfect to me no matter what, but after these few months I'm starting to understand who she is, and the flaws she has. She changes her mind and her mood at the drop of a hat, and I'm sure she couldn't get anything done if I was there for her to play with.

I get to work. I pull the bedsheets off the bed, and bring them outside to put in the wash basin. Mistress draws water from the well, boiling a cauldron of it, and then pours it into the basin to start soaking away my urine. The water is too hot to work with, so next, it is time for the mattress. I'm far too weak to move it on my own, so she has to help me, dragging it along behind her and mocking me for my weak, noodle like arms. We take turns drawing water and pouring it over the mattress, to wash out the pee stain, and eventually tilt the mattress against the wall to dry. I spend the next hour scrubbing laundry with soap in the hot water- every time I think I am done, Mistress brings another pair of clothes, or another sheet, for me to clean. By the time I'm done, my arms are screaming with ache, and I have to sit on a bench and rest.

I feel the sun streaming through the trees landing on my face, warming my body. I can hear the chirping of birds, and the rustling of wind through the trees. I don't know where we live, as I am not learned in the maps of the Alliance, but I know it is somewhere nice. The air is clean, and the heat is temperate. We live alone, out in the woods. I'm used to it- I've been used to living by myself for a long time. But I don't live by myself anymore- I live with Mistress.

I love her. Even though I am afraid that she might snap and decide to kill me, given what I am responsible for, I still love her. I do not live in perpetual fear any longer. Nobody comes to throw rotten fruit at me, or to harass me and call me names. Mistress calls me names all day, of course, but I feel as if I deserve it. It is not a bad life, I think to myself, as I rest in the late morning sun. I am fed and protected, I sleep in a comfortable bed. I am warm and taken care of. I am protected... Mistress protects me. She's so strong... stronger than I could ever be. She wouldn't ever need something like the Black Words. Her arm and her sword, her gun is well enough.

As I take a break from work, so does she. I watch her, standing twenty paces from the house, down at her range. Levelling her rifle at a clay target hanging in a tree- she fires once, and the target shatters into a million pieces. I'm impressed. I've tried to shoot a gun before- we make them, after all, so I was curious as to how they worked. It's hard- very hard- they're heavy things, and aiming with them is difficult. The scopes we put on them help a great measure, but I still can't hit anything but the trees behind my target. Mistress is much more skilled than I.

Though I revere her for her talent, a curiosity gnaws at me. As she returns to the home with one of our hand-crafted rifles slung over her back, I ask- "Why do you use that?" And she stops, glancing down at me. Her eyes are piercing, and I feel like she wants me to explain further. "I-I mean... Why do we... why do we make these? You- you're Kaldorei, aren't you? Why do you use a gun, instead of a bow?"

She takes the weapon off her shoulders, looking down at it, running her fingers along it affectionately. I swallow back my jealousy, wishing she would touch me like that. "A bow is a bow," She explained. "A piece of wood with a string. Depending on the tensile strength of the string, the feathering and sleekness of the arrow, and the craftsmanship of the wood, a bow can be a powerful tool. We Kaldorei make the finest bows in Azeroth. Your people and your paltry bows are pathetic, compared to ours." I was used to insults about my species, so I grimaced and nodded, letting her continue.

"But, a rifle is a different thing. A bow can only be made so perfect. Our bows are near perfect creations, and they grow closer to that level of perfection every new generation of craftsmen we have. But a gun... I can tell, that this weapon- this weapon has centuries of refinement ahead of it. It is far more complex. The machinery that goes into it- the factors that improve the aim, stability, and stopping power of this weapon- the potential, compared to our bows, is nearly unlimited. I know that it is only a matter of time until these weapons become the norm- until these rifles outstrip the performance of our bows by miles. This weapon, slave-" She held it up, shaking it at me, to emphasize her point. "This weapon is the future. And I have a long, long future ahead of me, after all."

She then put her weapon down, but not before popping it open and removing the shell inside. That was one of the things she taught me, weapon safety- to never leave a rifle loaded, anywhere. As well as other things, like not pointing it at anything you wouldn't want to accidentally shoot. Pocketing the round in it, she stepped over to where I was sitting, looking down at me with stern, scornful eyes. "You, however-" She said, stomping her foot on the bench next to me. She grabbed me by the hair, and forced my face against her groin. "Who knows when your future might end? It might be a decade, it might be tomorrow. Your very life hangs on my whim, slave," She told me, grinding her hips against my face. "Yes Mistress," I said obediently, muffled by her crotch- she let me go, stepping off the bench, and grabbed my hand.

She took me inside, and we had sex again, for the second time that day.

Later, I was busy dusting the shelves in the workshop. I hadn't thought about it all day before, but a pressing need was at the forefront of my mind. It had only been a few hours, but I needed to relieve myself, badly. Whimpering, I held my hand firmly between my legs, continuing to clean with my other hand. I shouldn't have needed to go so soon, it didn't make sense- but I felt the pressure building in my bladder, and a telling gurgling in my stomach. Still, I was resolved to hold it. Mistress had commanded me, so I would hold it. I had to!

But, I was getting incredibly desperate. I kept having to stop my work, groaning and holding myself between the legs. I wouldn't pee, I couldn't... Mistress commanded me not to wet myself! My pants were finally dry again after all this time, I couldn't ruin them now... I had to sit the duster down and squeeze myself, doubling over at the waist, thighs clenched together and knees bent in desperation. "My oh my, does someone need the potty?" I heard a call from the entrance to the workshop- Mistress was leaning in the doorframe, watching me shamelessly hold myself like a little girl. I blushed brightly. "Y-...yes," I murmured with embarrassment, unable to meet her gaze. "Very well then," she said with a mischievous smirk. "You may use the bathroom. That is, if you can get in."

She followed me as I hobbled and potty-danced my way over to our home's singular bathroom. Still holding myself between the legs, I looked up in astonishment at what had become of our bathroom door. It looked like a safe, or something- it was made completely out of metal, and covered with locks and puzzles and all sorts of things. "Wh- what is this? When did you have it installed?" I asked. "When you were sleeping," Mistress said, reaching over and handing me a keyring. "Here's the keys. Best get to solving it, hmm? Remember, if you have an accident, I'm going to whip you raw."

I stared down at the keys in my hand, and then back at the complex lock on the door, momentarily forgetting my desperation. I understood very quickly that this was a challenge Mistress expected me to fail. It stung my pride, what little I had left of it- My mind was my last sanctuary, my bastion. I was weak, cowardly, pathetic, but I always considered myself to be clever. All these years of working with tools and gadgets- I should be able to solve something like this! A pang of desperation wracked me, and I moaned and held myself between the legs, whimpering and looking at the door. I would have to solve it- that's all there was to it. I feared the whipping I was promised, so I held on tightly, refusing to wet, and set about solving the door.

The first puzzle on the door was a sliding picture puzzle. Simple enough to solve, given enough time, but the amount of time I had was determined by the strength of my bladder. Holding it was becoming painful, I was so desperate. I slid the panels quickly, making more mistakes than I should have because of how badly I needed to go. As all the pictures lined up in place, I blushed with embarrassment, realizing that the completed picture was of me, quivering and wetting my pants. I remembered that incident- Mistress had taken a picture of it. I never imagined that this would be what she used it for. Next was a number puzzle- a series of switches that I needed to pick that added up to a certain total. This one was a little more complex, but not beyond me- the pressure in my bladder and the rumbling in my gut made it harder than it should have been.

I fumbled with the keyring I had been given, a spurt of pee escaping into my panties. I clenched my thighs tightly, willing myself to hold on. A little trickle started to flow from me, but I cut it off quickly- I could feel two hot, wet crescents form under my ass cheeks. One by one, I figured out which key went to which lock, based on their size and shape. Out of the seven keys on the ring, I used six for this part. From the look of it, there was only one more puzzle to solve- a sequence of gears. I stared befuddled at the challenge before me, not sure how it worked- turning the gears randomly, trying to see if I could figure it out based on the shape or noise that they made.

Eventually I realized that they all needed to be turned and locked together in a specific pattern, as the desperation to relieve myself wracked me. Mistress was watching over me the whole time, her lips pulled back into a vicious cheshire grin, glancing down at my bottom. "Tsk tsk," She chided me. "Are you leaking? It looks like you're a little wet. Didn't I tell you not to have an accident? It's as if you want me to whip you." She reached down and started to feel my bottom, grabbing and squeezing one of my asscheeks, and I whimpered and clenched my thighs together. The need to go was overwhelming, getting worse now that I knew I was so close to opening the door.

My stomach gurgled, and a sharp pang of desperation hit me, and I cried out, bending my knees and holding myself between the legs. I thought I was going to lose it, but instead, a noisy PRRAAAPPTT escaped me, and the blush on my cheeks grew even brighter. I uncontrollably farted. My eyes were wide and my mouth hung open, trembling as I tried to right myself.

"Ah!" I cried out, and another noisy FRRRRTT! came from my backside, as I dipped my bottom down. I was utterly humiliated- I shouldn't have been, given that I wet and pooped my pants on a daily basis, but I had never farted in front of Mistress before. The stink made my eyes water, and Mistress laughed at me. "Ahahahaha! Ugh, what a nasty little whore you are! Are you about to shit yourself, huh? Passing gas like that... pee-yew, that stinks!" She mocked me by pinching her nostrils shut and waving her hand to disperse the smell. "N-no, no, I--" I stammered to try to make an excuse for myself, but I only just ended up farting again. FRRRRPPTTT!!

My knees were quaking and knocking together, my toes curling and uncurling in my shoes, but I was still able to hold on, and focus on the challenge. I turned each gear as I thought they should fit together, shifting and moving them into place. Finally, I thought that I had it- so I inserted the final key into the lock, and tried to turn it. But, it wouldn't go. I must not have solved it correctly- I frantically looked back at the puzzle, trying to twist and alter the gears into what might be the correct configuration.

My face was hot with a blush of urgency, eyes squinted and lips pursed as I held on desperately, not understanding why it didn't work. Mistress didn't make it any easier, either- her hand kept caressing my butt, squeezing and patting my asscheek. Her other hand slid up my belly, to the collar of my shirt, starting to unbutton it. Her hand went into my shirt, fingers firmly tracing across my breast, starting to squeeze and grope me, pinching my tit between her thumb and forefinger. "Oh slave, you're so close, you aren't going to fail here, are you?"

I couldn't stop clenching my thighs together, I was so utterly desperate. I kept trying different combinations, but no matter what I did, the key wouldn't turn. A whimper escaped me, and I frantically kept trying to turn the key, as if somehow it would unlock. My mind wasn't working anymore- I was overwhelmed by my need to relieve myself. "A-ah...!" I suddenly felt hot, wet warmth spreading across my crotch, and soaking down the back of my legs. I couldn't hold it anymore- I was wetting my pants. My thighs quaked and I tried desperately to hold on, emotions running wild inside my head. The sensation was electric- relief growing as the wet patch soaked further and further down the back of my thighs. Tingling, blissful pleasure at Mistresses touch, the way she cupped and squeezed my breast, rubbed and groped my bottom as I peed my pants.

I couldn't hold it in anymore, and I farted- at least, I thought it was a fart, but it wasn't. Hot, messy filth burst into my panties, a small mound in the seat of my white pants that quickly started to stain brown. I remember that I was crying at this point- I felt so ashamed, even though this had happened time and time again. I couldn't do it, I wasn't smart enough to solve the puzzle. It was like Mistress always told me, I was just a stupid, pants-wetting, incontinent slut. I realized at this point that I had never done this before- I had never held my pee until I uncontrollably wet myself. All those times where I would get too distracted with my work and not realize I had to pee, and ended up wetting myself- I had just given up, been unwilling to deal with the pain of a full bladder. I realized now that I had been wetting myself on purpose for a long time, and this was the first time I truly, truly lost control.

"Aww... looks like my adorable little slave is having an accident in her pants!~" Mistress taunted me, smacking me on the bottom as I peed. I soaked my pants all the way down to my socks, before I managed to regain control. I'm not sure why I was so insistent on trying to hold it, at this point- I had utterly pissed myself, a solid wet patch going all the way down the insides of my thighs and the back of my legs, a tidemark rising up my butt, a diamond of wetness across the front of my lap, still hot, wet, glistening in the afternoon sunlight. My eyes were red from crying, my mascara streaked all down my cheeks- I was a mess, a filthy, pathetic little elf who had wet her pants.

I watched, whimpering and sniffling back tears, as Mistress reached past my shoulder, and put all the gears into place. It was the first combination that I had tried- I looked on in confusion as she reached for the key... and twisted it the other direction, counter-clockwise. That was it- that was the mistake I had made. I couldn't believe how stupid I was, swallowing back my tears as I watched Mistress push the door open. There it was, the toilet- I was standing not two paces away from it, and I had an accident. My stomach churned, and I realized that I wasn't done yet, so I rushed into the bathroom, but Mistress stopped me.

She snatched my wrist, forcing me to turn around, and look at her. I expected to see that scornful, amused, cruel look on her face, but she looked different for some reason. She was smiling... even her eyes smiled with her, looking at me like I was precious. I opened my mouth and stammered dumbly, not even able to form a coherent word, and she pulled me up against her body. Chest to chest, face to face, she held me against her. She tilted her head down, and she kissed me. She was kissing me... deeply, passionately, something she almost never did. Our tongues writhed together, her hand running up my back and shoulders. My knees shook again, and I suddenly started to leak, a dribble of urine that picked up into a full force pants wetting. I could feel my pee welling up in the narrow space between the gusset of my panties and the crotch of my pants, gushing down the inside of my legs.

There was a cold sweat on my brow, as I clenched and unclenched my asscheeks, fighting the growing urge as best as I could, my eyes squinted shut into this wonderful, blissful kiss. I put my hands on Mistress's shoulders, holding onto her like I might fall if I didn't. The moment I did that, I lost control of my bowels, and pooped my pants, with a filthy, noisy ppprrbblhhttt! It all came rushing out of me, a hot, sticky, filthy mess filling the seat of my pants. They stretched and tented to accommodate the growing load. Mistress rubbed my bottom and cupped her hand, feeling the growing mound of shit in my panties. I moaned into our kiss, legs trembling, as I full force, completely pissed and shit my pants. It was incredible- I had never felt a sensation like this, to be so incredibly desperate and then to suddenly feel this blissful relief. Hot pee spreading across my lap, hot, messy poop filling my pants- I thought I might climax then and there.

Mistress rubbed and patted the enormous bulge of filth in my pants. I had never pooped this much in my life- there was no way that this was natural, Mistress must have done something to me. Something in my morning porridge, maybe. Either way, the seat of my pants sagged, completely stained brown, so full of poop my waistband was pulled away from the small of my back. My pee stream tapered off as my bladder fully emptied, standing in a big yellow puddle, and I completely relieved my bowels. I was trembling, tears still leaking out of my eyes, as Mistress pulled away and looked down at me again- that expression of adoration quickly turning into her usual, condescending, amused smirk. I whimpered and shrank back, feeling small under her gaze.

"Look at you," she taunted me. "What did you do?" I swallowed and attempted to stop my helpless blubbering, using my sleeve to wipe at the tears running down my cheek. "I- I had an accident," I muttered ashamedly. "That's right. RIGHT in front of the toilet. Right in my arms, you had a huge accident." The fanatic obsession returned to me, as I became circularly trapped in my own head about it. "I- I wet-- I w-wet my pants... I peed... I soaked and soiled my pants... I pooped myself... used my pants as a toilet... crapped my panties..." I kept muttering to myself, not even noticing as Mistress put her hands on my shoulders, and pushed me down onto my knees. She unbuttoned her fly, pushing her pants and panties down to the floor, not seeming to care that they were getting in my pee puddle.

She pulled on her labia with two fingers, and started to urinate on me. She aimed her pee stream so that it arced into my lap. I could feel her hot wetness soak into my pants and drip down between my legs, flood all across my engorged, tingling pussylips. She arced her stream up and down, so that one moment she was peeing on my lap, the next she was peeing on my breasts. Mistress rolled her head back, draping her beautiful maroon hair down her shoulders. "Ahhhh... that's so much better. Mmm, I needed to use you for awhile... I think I might just have this toilet uninstalled. You can just pee and poop your pants, and I'll piss on you."

My eyes lit up instantly. I hadn't realized how far my depravity had fallen, that I was so excited for this. "Yes Mistress! Yes, please! Please pee on me!" I cried out, reaching up and starting to unbutton my shirt, so that she could urinate on my bare chest. "Oh, you like that, hmm? Do you love Mistress's piss?" She scoffed at me, smirking and laughing at my degeneracy. I blushed furiously, and nodded, making my own pissy bed and laying in it. "Y-yes Mistress, I love your piss," I murmured. It reeked so badly in this room, I thought I was going to choke... the smell of hot, freshly peed in pants, my shirt soaked with Mistress's pee, my pants filled to the brim with poop. I realized then that even though it stank, I enjoyed it- I enjoyed the smell of being forced to kneel in my own accident.

Mistress snatched me by the hair, yanking my face towards her pussy. She forced my head against her groin, and continued to urinate into my mouth. "Drink," She commanded me, just like the first day we had met. Except this time, I was all too willing to drink- I gladly lapped it up, eyes closed, scooting closer on my knees, my enormously poopy pants waddling back and forth from the action. "Oooohhh... yes... mmm, yes... lick," She commanded me, and I licked. Urine ran all over my chin and dripped down onto my chest, as I pleasured Mistress while she peed. She was peeing quite a lot... perhaps even more than I had wet myself. And she remained totally composed the whole time- it ashamed me, made me feel more pathetic, that I had totally lost bladder control and Mistress was holding more pee than me, calm and self-assured.

I slid my hands up the back of Mistress's thighs, to hold onto her while I orally pleasured her. Her pee stream tapered off, and in a matter of seconds, I was licking and lapping up cum instead of urine. Greedily squeezing the back of her toned, muscled thighs, while I messily swirled my tongue inside of her. Before I met Mistress, I didn't even know I was a lesbian- now, I adore every chance I get to lick her pussy. It was like a gift, a blessing that this powerful, indomitable woman would allow me to even touch her, let alone give her an orgasm, which I was very intent on. I'm proud to say that in the three months I've met Mistress, I've given her an orgasm at least four times a week. Well, I should be proud, but that's nothing compared to her- I climax multiple times a day because of her.

"Mmmm, yes... oh, you naughty, filthy little slut, yes, just like that... mmmnnn, look at you, kneeling in your own piss puddle, pants full of shit, you dirty, incontinent little whore..." I could tell she was getting into it. Mistress had her own sense of oral fixation- whenever she was getting close, she insulted and cursed at me more and more. My stomach suddenly churned again, and I felt that urge- I didn't even bother attempting to resist it. I popped my bottom out, and shamelessly shit my pants with a frraappphht! I couldn't believe it, it was so much- I had pooped my pants so much, it was actually forcing its way down the back of my soaking wet thighs, my waistband pulled two inches from my back. Mistress gasped and bucked her hips, gripping my hair tightly and writhing her hips against my face. "Oooohh! Oh yes! Oh you dirty bitch! Mmmnnn, yes, oh yes, oh you fucking worthless pants-messing whore! Ah, ah-- ahh!!~"

One messy, gushing orgasm later, Mistress was dragging me by the ear back to her room. She pulled open her drawer of punishment devices, and pulled out the locking belt- I held my hands up and out of her way as she yanked it through my belt loops and pulled it tight, locking it. The gap in my waistband was gone now, and I was locked into these bulging, soaked, shit filled pants. I would be staying in them as long as Mistress wanted- which also meant that I would be wetting my pants every time I needed to pee. Mistress tore off my shirt, leaving me topless, my pale pink breasts bouncing free. That was one thing that I had... Mistress had good breasts, but mine were a bit larger. This apparently pleased her, though, because she never missed a chance to fondle my boobs. She was doing it now, looking me over, cupping one of my breasts and patting the mound in my pants with the other. "Goddess, you really shit your pants, huh?"

I wanted to deny it, or say something to try and defend myself, but when I opened my mouth, the only words that came out were "I love you". Mistress glared down at me, expression quickly turned sour, and smacked me across the head. She had hurt and punished me a lot, but for some reason, that smack felt more real than the others, and I wanted to cry, whimpering and backing down. "Would you stop fucking doing that!?" She yelled at me. With a sneer of disgust, she grabbed my wrist, turned me around, and shoved me against the wall, forcing my wrists into the restraints and locking them there. This was the same wall where Mistress's draenei 'friend' had pooped herself in terror at being whipped. Which meant that for me...

"N- no, no please- no Mistress, please, please--" I begged her, pulling on the restraints, wetting my pants in terror, bladder having already begun to fill again. I felt the hot wetness run along my crotch and splatter on the floor, dripping off the huge mound of poop in my pants. "Shut the fuck up, you degenerate slut! What did I tell you before, hmm? That you'd get a whipping if you peed your pants! And what did you do?" I tugged harder trying to escape the restraints as a terrified sob came from me. "I wet my pants! I did! I wet myself and pooped my pants! Please Mistress, please!" I cried out in agony as I felt the first harsh smack across my back. Only... it wasn't as bad as I thought. She wasn't using her regular whip, this was a nine-tailed whip. It was painful, yes, but not nearly as painful as I expected. I kind of felt... good.

"Ahh!" I screamed as she whipped me again. And again, and again... the small of my back was glowing pink from the continued whipping. She paused for long enough to come up behind me, slide her hand up my stomach and grope my breast, leaning in and licking my cheek. "Does that hurt, slave? Hmm? Wetting your pants again? Gonna cry, like a little baby bitch?" She taunted me, tilting her head up and biting my ear. She didn't break the skin, but it certainly hurt, and I screwed my eyes shut and whimpered, feeling my bladder spasm and gush what little had filled it into my pants once again. Then, the whipping continued. Gradually, I became used to the tingling sensation of pain. Degraded, helpless, tortured... my hot, pissy pussy tingled with the need for attention.

As if reading my mind, at this point, Mistress paused her punishment and undid my locking belt, just for long enough to nestle a little egg vibrator up against my clitoris. Re-locking the belt again, she dialed it on to a low setting with the remote, and resumed whipping me. The more she whipped me, the higher the setting went- pleasure, pain, pleasure, pain- It was so much, combined with all my other emotions, I was beginning to forget which was which, and associate the two together. Mistress paused, dialing the setting up, and took my cheek, forcing my head to turn. She kissed me again- that same hungry, deep, passionate kiss from before- as my legs shook and my toes curled, I was oozing cum into my panties, practically frothing at the mouth.

Then, it came. I had been hoping it wouldn't, but it did. The whip- her real whip. Searing hot pain shot across my back and I screamed- literally shrieked in agony- and had an incredible, overwhelming orgasm. I was so worn out I just hung against the wall, limp, held up only by the restraints. Mistress dialed the vibrating toy down to 'off', returned her tools to the drawer and let me go, and I immediately fell- but she caught me. I was wobbly on my feet, as she helped me, step by little step over to her bed. She laid me down on it, on my side- so that I wouldn't get my poopy butt on her sheets- and laid next to me. She pulled me into her arms, cuddling me affectionately. She tilted my chin back, and kissed me.

We laid together like that for at least fifteen minutes, but it felt like an eternity of heaven for me. I couldn't even smell my dirty pants anymore. She kissed me, over and over. She rubbed my sore back and patted my messy bottom. She slid her leg between my thighs. It was as if all my dreams were coming true this day. Her kisses had been rare before, but now I was getting all of them. Tender and sweet, sloppy and lusty, all kinds of kisses- we made out the entire time, as I caught my breath.

"Now it's time for work," She told me and patted my butt again as she helped me up off the bed, and directed me to my workshop, where I make my gears and interlocking bolts. I knew what was coming, it had happened before, but I still couldn't quite get used to it- I grimaced as she made me sit on my work bench, sit right in my poopy mess, smear it all over my butt and fill my ass crack and smoosh down my thighs. She locked my ankles into place, dusted her hands off, and left me to my work. I did what I could, but work was coming slowly, because I couldn't get over the stink filling my nostrils and the uncomfortable sensation of sitting in pants absolutely bulging with poop. Not to mention, every once in awhile, Mistress randomly turned on the remote egg vibrator, interrupting my work and making me bend double over the table.

A short while later, she returned, wearing pants once again. "Am- am I done?" I asked, twisting my body to look up at her, but she didn't say anything. All she did was come over to me, and unbutton her pants. She dropped them around her ankles, stepping out of them, and she put her foot up on the bench next to me. She pulled her labia back, and proceeded to pee on me, again. For the third time today, she was peeing on me... piss splattered all over my chest, ran down into my pants and warmly soaked them once again. I shuddered with delight, and in response, Mistress thumbed the switch and turned on my vibrator. I moaned whorishly, squeezing my thighs together. About a minute later, she was finished, and without a word, she put her pants back on, and left.

About two hours later, my bladder was full, so I wet my pants. There was nothing I could do about it. What surprised me was how easily it happened- usually when I wet myself Mistress forces me, or I have to try a little. But this time, I soaked my pants like I was sitting on the toilet, without any effort. My urine poured over the edges of the bench, splattering and making a puddle underneath me. "Mmmmmnnn..." I moaned tenderly at the relief and warmth. I felt a hand caress my hair, and looked up- Mistress was there. I hadn't heard her come in- she just came and went wherever she wanted, silent as a ghost. She leaned down and kissed my cheek. "Good girl," She said to me. Her breath smelled of wine... that worried me a bit. I'd never seen her intoxicated before.

Just like the last time, she unbuttoned her pants, dropped them, put her leg up on the bench, and pissed on me. I was getting used to it now, so it didn't even interrupt my work- Mistress casually just using me as a toilet while I carved out grooves and ground stones into dust. She tousled my hair affectionately as her stream tapered off, and she pulled her pants back up, and left me to my work. This continued to happen throughout the night. It was wonderful- Mistress peeing on me so much. I hadn't realized how much I enjoyed it, before. She was starting to come in and pee on me more frequently- I wet myself every few hours. Each time Mistress came in, she seemed increasingly more intoxicated.

It was growing close to the evening, and Mistress hadn't come in to pee on me in awhile. I was a bit concerned, given how she had been drinking, so I wanted to go check on her. Locking me into my bench was more of a formality, really, because with all my tools in front of me, it was simple to simply take the leg restraints apart and free myself. So, I did, standing up and shuddering as the weight of my poopy pants fell away from my bottom. Ffffsssshhhhhhhhhhh... I heard the tell-tale sound of pee hissing against already wet fabric coming from me, looking down in surprise. Urine re-soaked my white jeans, gushed across my lap, ran down the back of my thighs, dripped off my messy bulging pants. "I- I'm peeing..." I murmured to myself in surprise- I had grown so used to using my pants as a toilet that I just started to pee, without even noticing I had to go.

I stood there for half a minute, holding my hand against my groin and re-wetting my pants. The floor of my workshop was soaked with pee puddles- though I did work with fluids often, so there was a drainage hole in the middle of the shop. Later on I would have to come in and rinse everything down. I wet myself quite a bit when I craft parts for Mistress's rifles, so I was used to the routine. As the last drops of pee gushed into my pants, I started to move and make my way into the house, to check on Mistress.

I was rightfully worried about her. She didn't seem to be hurt, but she also didn't seem to be in any kind of state to help herself. I found her heavily intoxicated, sitting in her favorite chair, head rolled back and snoring. I giggled a little bit- it was cute, not to mention, Mistress didn't usually snore. Sleeping like that would clearly strain her neck, so I came over and touched her thigh, giving her knee a little shake. "Mistress... Mistress, are you okay?" I asked her in a tender, quiet voice, as not to startle her. She groaned and rolled her head forward, almost falling off the chair- I caught her before she could fall forward. "Whas... uhh... huh? Wha're you doin baby? Uughhh... baby... heh, you're such a baby... little piss pants." Of course- even intoxicated out of her mind, she wouldn't stop insulting me.

"Y... yes Mistress, I wet my pants."

"You stink," she mocked me, laughing at me and slouching back into her chair. "Y-yes, yes Mistress, I stink. How much did you...?" I asked, before I looked down at the ground, seeing two and a half empty bottles of wine. I raised my eyebrows, shocked that I was even able to wake her up after that much. "Why did you drink so much, Mistress?" I asked her, concern tinging my voice. "I hah... ta think... 'bout summnh..." She waved her hand at me to dismiss me, try and shoo me away, but I just came back and caught her shoulders. "Well... um... maybe you should get to bed," I suggested, and she nodded her head in agreement. "Can you walk?" I asked her. She planted her feet firmly on the ground, pushed on the arms of her chair, and tried to stand up- only to fall back down into the chair. "Uhhhh... no."

Grimacing, I took Mistress's hand and helped her up the best I could. She was a tall, muscular woman, which made her considerably heavier than me. She could pick me up and carry me over her shoulder- something she had literally done before- but I couldn't budge her at all by myself. Luckily, she was coherent enough to lean on me, and we gradually made our way down the hallway to her bedroom, holding her arm across my shoulders and letting her use me as a crutch. We were halfway there, when I heard that sound again. That unmistakable hhhhsssssssshhhhhhh... I looked down at my lap, shocked. How could I possibly be wetting myself again, already? There was no way!

But, I didn't see anything. No glistening spreading across my lap, no rivulets dripping between my legs. It couldn't be... I looked over to my left. I wasn't wetting myself.

It was Mistress. Mistress was wetting her pants.

She had gotten so intoxicated, she was wetting herself, soaking her dark violet pants. I watched in astonishment as glistening wetness soaked down the inside of her thighs, pee streams falling between her legs like little waterfalls. The hissing noise of her peeing combined with the splattering sound of pee puddling on the wooden floor. It was a full on, complete accident, and I watched rapt with attention as Mistress pissed her pants for a full minute straight. It was... incredible. It felt like the first time Mistress made ME wet my pants, I was unbelievably turned on. I hadn't ever realized that I wanted to see this, but I did. "M... Mistress... you... um... you're... wetting yourself."

She looked down at her lap as if only just now realizing, putting her hand against her crotch. "Uuughh... fuck," She murmured. I couldn't tell if she was blushing, or if her face was just red from drinking. "Now I'm a piss-pants like you, too." I shook my head and continued to help Mistress along, diverting her instead to the washroom, praying that she hadn't re-locked that ridiculously difficult puzzle door. "N-no, I... you... um, you have an excuse... it was an accident... I- I'm much worse than you, I pee my pants every day. Look, I pooped my pants, remember? I'm- s-still wearing them." She looked down at me and smirked, eyes half-lidded with exhaustion and intoxication. "Oh yeah... hah, you did... mmmnn..." She let go of my shoulders and reached down to pat my bottom, firmly pressing on my dirty pants, squishing it against my butt, and I grimaced again. "Look at you... sexy little shit-pants slut..."

"L-lets not get distracted," I tried to coax her, reigning her in and taking her arm again to lead her to the bathroom. I helped her to strip down first, and got her into the tub, where I started to fill it with hot bathwater. Meanwhile, I had to trudge my poopy ass through the house to Mistress's room, to get the key for my belt. When I came back, she had draped her arms alongside the tub and was moaning at the feeling of hot water starting to wash over her legs, rolling her head back. "Mmmnn, tha's good," She muttered to herself.

I, on the other hand, had to use my own... special 'potty station'. It wasn't like a bath tub- It was kind of like a shower, but with a hose that had a narrow nozzle. A firm stream came from it that I would use to wash myself down in my little glass and porcelain chamber, watching as my mess went down the large drain, glad to finally be free of the oppressive, messy, soaking wet pants. I rinsed out my pants the best that I could, and left them to hang on a hook in the chamber. I blushed at the sight of them, the pure white fabric totally stained brown and yellow. We'd have to bleach them, again...

I sighed, and turned to leave Mistress to her bath, when she reached out and snatched my wrist. "Come in with me," She told me. Sharing a bath with Mistress... I blushed with shyness. I'd never done it before, and the idea definitely pleased me. "If... if you want," I murmured, and gingerly came over, stepping into the bath tub. It was big enough for the both of us, and I was able to sit between Mistress's ankles, sighing happily as I felt the hot water rise around my butt, a welcome change from hot pee soaking my butt. Mistress snatched up my foot, picking it up and starting to rub and squeeze it, like it was a toy for her to play with. "Mmmn... your feet aren't so bad," She thought aloud as she examined them. "Th... thank you," I blushed at the compliment. "I like feet too, you know... on top of... the other stuff," She said, sounding just a little more coherent.

"The... other stuff..." I parroted back at her, shifting uncomfortably on my butt. We had never explicitly talked about it- our interests, what pleased us. I had figured out by now that Mistress likes to punish me and make me wet myself, obviously, but I wasn't sure what else there was- and I was completely unsure of what pleased ME. This was all new territory for me. "I um... I would like it... if you made me um, wear... um..." She pinched her fingers against my foot, starting to rub her thumb along the bridge of it, massaging it. "Go on, say it."

"Um... wear... diapers." She chuckled at me, raising her eyebrows. "More diapers, huh? Ok. Then you're going to have to go buy them." My face went bright red with embarrassment. "M-me!?" I said, and she laughed at me again. "Oh, are you too shy? How do you think I feel going out and buying adult diapers for women? People think they're for me, sometimes."

That made me blush even brighter, as I remembered what had happened, out in the hallway. I twiddled my fingers together as the water rose up to my hips, staring down between my legs. "About... about that..." I murmured. "Oh?" Mistress asked, again raising her eyebrow. I was worried- she was being uncharacteristically calm with me. Usually, that meant a mood swing was right around the corner. If I made her mad... But I still wanted to say it. "I... liked it..."

"What did you like?" She asked, putting my one foot down and starting to massage the other. "When you, um... when you... peed."

"I peed a lot today," She said with a shrug, and I shook my head. "No, I mean... when you... in the hallway..."

Mistress narrowed her eyes sharply at me, holding my foot still. I trembled under the might of her gaze. Even intoxicated like this, I'm sure I would never be any kind of match for her. I thought she was going to punish me, when her face broke into a smirk, and she started to laugh. "Really? I see!" She said, still laughing at me. I chuckled along nervously, glad that I had apparently amused her instead of incurring her wrath. She braced her feet and arms against the tub, and lifted her hips out of the water- and peed, gushing an arc of urine onto my chest. "Don't forget your place, slut," She warned me good naturedly. But I was feeling rebellious today... I decided it was my turn. I lifted my own hips out of the water, pursed my lips and gave a push... and peed on Mistress.

She stared at me again with that furious expression, but ended up sputtering and laughing at me. "Oh, is that revenge for all the times today?" She asked me. I blushed and nodded, and she answered me by peeing a spurt on me again. So, I peed on her, again. We did that back and forth with what little remained in our bladders, giggling at each other. I was so happy- it felt like I was really trying to connect with her. It was a shame that she had to be drunk for it to happen, but still... I was happy. She helped me wash my back and I helped her with hers. By the time we were done she was just slightly sobered up enough to walk on her own, towling off her hair. She tossed it into the hallway laundry basket and stumbled into bed. I managed to get her to roll over enough to tuck her blanket up over her shoulders.

She was so strong, but in this moment, she looked so tender to me. I had never seen this side of her. I bent down, to kiss her on the cheek. She had punished me two times already for this, but I couldn't help it- I felt so strongly about it, that I just had to say it again. "I love you," I murmured to her. To my surprise, she just rolled over and groaned tiredly, and replied "You, too." I stared down at her and my heart soared in my chest. I felt like a little girl having her first crush again. I was too shy and awkward to stay, so I left her like that, blowing out the candles and retreating to my own room, dressing in my silky pink pajamas and getting into bed. I was so giddy, full of adrenaline, and it took me nearly an hour to get to sleep.

The next morning, I awoke to the sunlight streaming through my curtains, the birds chirping, wind gently rustling through the trees outside my window. I awoke to a dry bed, for once, and stretched and yawned, pulling the sheets off and rolling out of bed. Since I didn't wet the bed, I had to pee, and needed to brush my teeth anyway, so I headed straight out the door and down the hallway to the bathroom- when suddenly, something was clicked around my neck. Mistress had stalked up behind me, like usual, and had put a collar on me- she walked around in front of me with a smirk, tugging on the leash to make me follow her. My heart pounded with anxiety- had she remembered what happened last night? Was she going to punish me for it?

She made me walk with her out into the living room. She cupped my cheek, giving me a few light smacks, more affectionate than painful. "Sit," she commanded me, and I immediately obeyed, getting down on my knees on the floor and looking up at her. She was wearing one of her favorite outfits- tight, form fitting light blue pants and a black and blue corset-like top that had no sleeves and pushed up her chest, giving her a curvier form. She caressed my face, tousled my hair, and turned around, backing herself up to me. She yanked on the leash to force my face against her butt...

And she started to pee.

Warm urine cascaded over my face and dripped down onto my chest, soaking into my pink silky shirt, and I watched, utterly astounded as the wet patch glistened and spread across Mistress's butt, down the back of her thighs... totally soaking her pants. She was doing it again, Mistress was wetting herself- right in front of me, right in my face. She tugged harder on the leash to force my face against her toned backside. "Ugh, what a disgusting feeling. Is this what you really do every single day? And you like this, hmm? Does the perverted little slave enjoy watching Mistress piss her pants?"

"Mmmfff!" I tried to reply, muffled by her butt and her soaking wet pants, the taste of her pee on my lips, the acrid scent of urinated in pants hitting my nostrils. I had come to enjoy this smell, but it was even more incredible knowing that it was Mistress doing it. She wiggled her butt back against my face, as I felt the pee stream running down the back of her legs begin to taper and cut off. "It's so warm and wet, isn't it? Do you like it? Are you aroused, you horny little slug?" She let go of the leash and allowed me to back off, to get a full look at it. At Mistress's shapely bottom and strong thighs, soaking wet with pee. Mistress... Mistress wet herself... for me. She had remembered what I said last night... and instead of being punished, I was being rewarded.

"Up," She commanded, tugging on the leash and dragging me up to my feet. My hand shook, and I felt overcome with a desire. "You may touch it," Mistress said, once again reading my mind. I ran my hand up and down her inner thigh, caressed her bottom, in awe of what a wonderful sensation it was, touching her wet ass. She turned around and took my hand, pulling me up against her, chest to chest and face to face. Her other hand went down to my bottom, giving it a smack. "Your turn," She commanded me. "Piss yourself."

I was happy to oblige, the floodgates opening up as I willingly peed a steady stream in my silky pink pajamas. They clung wetly to my inner thighs, I felt that wonderful warmth, the rush and the embarrassment of having an accident in front of Mistress. My pee soaked under my butt cheeks, drenched down the inside of my legs and the back of my thighs. I shivered as I felt the rivulets run down my leg and out across my foot. It was so easy... it was getting so much easier to just wet my pants. "Good girl," Mistress cooed at me as she felt me up, squeezed my pissy wet bottom. "That's my adorable little piss-pants elf."

Just like yesterday, I started my morning with an accident, and a ravishing, passionate, intense session of intercourse. Later that day, Mistress blessed me with the sight of her wetting her pants two more times, and she even put me in diapers. We could hardly keep our hands off each other- whatever had happened last night, it was as if some kind of wall was broken down between us. I don't know if she forgave me for my crimes, or if she had just forgotten about them, but I felt for the first time that I was more than just her slave, I was her girlfriend.

I realized that day, that I wanted to spend the rest of my long, long life, with her.

*015*2021-08-13 07:29

Thank you guys for your kind words. I've been super busy, I just uprooted my whole life and moved, so I haven't had any time for writing, but I'm going to post a new story soon. It's gonna be a little weird. Think like... H.P. Lovecraft blended with Sci-Fi Post-Apoc blended with anime-level superhumans. Also, underwater stuff.

And piss, yes, of course, piss.

*017*2022-04-30 20:34

I ask myself that question every other day... I work 10 hours a day, 6 days a week now, so I rarely have time to write. But I DO still want to add to this.

*020*2022-05-03 17:14

{{3 hours ago, Theonlysaneperson said:

I can't decide which one I want to see the most. I think Her? I do love a good love story. I already copied the middle story and did a find and replace to make it less gory and to make the monster Lady D (don't worry, I'm not sharing it anywhere and stealing your work!). That first one still has so many places it can go, too.

Hey, better to have the muses bludgeoning you from all directions than to have them forget you exist!

}}

I'm glad you liked it! I suppose if you're just keeping it for yourself thats alright

