"Suramar Night" and other horrible, shameless stories

Author: Rain_Attica

*003*2021-05-18 09:41

I'm really enjoying these two characters, and will probably write about them a lot. I plan to circle back to Liera and Rain at some point, but I'm feeling more about this hardcore domination scene. Now that I've established both of their introductions, I can start writing shorter snippets about their lives together, and speaking of that, I am somehow still horny enough to want to write more after dropping all that, so here we go. As always, if you enjoy any of my stories, please let me know! I'm happy to take criticism as well.

Her

(Part 1.1)

I woke up wetting myself.

Despite what you now know about me, this was not actually the norm. True, I used to wet the bed whenever I would get too intoxicated, but since I came to live as Mistress's slave, I haven't had a drop of alcohol. Thankfully her threat to feed me old bread and water me with her pee was only that, a threat, and I had been living on local fare and the recipes of her people. They always had this refreshing earthiness to them. I miss the sharp flavors and savoriness of my own people's dishes, but I wasn't complaining. My life felt like a dream. I was utterly, unequivocally in love. I love Mistress, more than anything.

But back to the point- I woke up, and I was wetting myself.

I lifted my head with a little gasp, unfurling the bedsheets and looking down at the puddle I was no doubt creating. Except, I wasn't. I had forgotten- at the end of the last day's play, Mistress put me in diapers again. They were getting warm and wet, starting to swell as they soaked up my pee. They were classic, bright white diapers intended to be puffy, obvious, and embarrassing to wear, and they easily turned yellow. I blushed as I watched them change from white to pee discolored. Then, I rested my head against my pillow, and sighed with relief.

I like diapers. They have all the aspects of humiliation that Mistress loves to put me through, but with none of the clean up. They made me feel safe and protected. They were soft, and when I wear them, I feel shy and girlish. It's okay for a diaper-wearing coward like me to wet herself. That's what diapers are for. So I let my legs fall effortlessly open, I turn my head to the side and close my eyes. I put my finger in my mouth, nibbling on the tip of it, while I simply... let go.

But still, it was unusual.

I felt fingers gently reach down, and push on the front of my diapers. Fingers rapping against the padding, pushing them against my groin so that I could feel the hot wetness flooding all over my womanhood. My eyes fluttered open as I turned my head, to look up at her. Her- always, her. In my every waking thought, in my dreams. There when I went to sleep, there when I awoke in the morning. She was sitting on the edge of the bed, with her legs crossed, looking down at me with those hungry, amused eyes. She was fully dressed up.

And by dressed up, I meant, in her dominatrix clothes. Sleek, magenta red leather that almost matched the color of her hair. Leather chaps that bound her muscular legs tightly, with the groin cut out so that her genitals were exposed. A tight corset that squeezed her strong frame and boosted up her breasts. Large holes cut in the chest, so her breasts were exposed entirely. Long red silk gloves, that went well past her elbow. A mask, a sharp looking thing with flaring horns that covered only her eyes and the bridge of her nose. My heart started to beat faster, just at the sight of her. She had her riding crop sitting across her lap- she took it and started to run it along my collarbone, dragging it down between my own exposed breasts. I had spent the night wearing nothing but a diaper.

"Aww. Naughty little piss pants, first thing in the morning and you're already having an accident? What am I ever going to do with an incontinent little slut like you?" She asked me, thwapping the groin of my diapers a few times with her crop. It didn't hurt at all, with the padding protecting me. I flushed with shyness and squirmed in bed, my lips pouting. "I- I'm sorry Mistress... I wet myself again..."

That pleased, amused smile returned to her lips, and I felt my own heart race with happiness and excitement. I loved seeing that look on her face. But, to tell you the truth, I also had become fixated on words and phrases. It felt as good, perhaps even better, to tell my Mistress that I had an accident, than actually peeing. Even saying it in these memoirs, it excites me still. I am a dirty, pitiful little elf, and I wet my pants every single day. Mistress's love helps me to embrace it.

"Of course you did. That's why I make you wear diapers," Mistress tells me, as she starts to run the riding crop along my body again. Starts to tease it in circles around my areola. Prods my nipples with it, pats my cheek with it. "B-But it's... it's unusual," I reply. "I... I don't n-normally bedwet..."

"You're just starting to become completely incontinent. You're so wretched, you just can't help it. That's why I take care of you, my little piss pants," Mistress coos to me, bending down and holding my cheeks in her hands, kissing me sweetly on the forehead. I want to believe her, but I recall her now making me take something with my water before I went to bed. Perhaps some kind of medicine, to make it harder to retain control. Still, I don't mention it. "Yes Mistress," I murmur submissively. "I'm just a pantswetting elf."

As I speak, she lifts my arms, up above my head. Mistress has a pair of handcuffs- she pulls my wrists behind my back, and puts them on me. She forces me to spread my legs. From her bedside drawer, she takes one of her favorite toys- her remote controlled little egg. I made it for her myself. Of course, it was more like a present for me, since I'm the one she uses it on. She pulls the front of the waistband out, making a show of peeking inside and clucking her tongue at me. "Look at you, completely soaked. You are so utterly hopeless, aren't you?" She pushes on my bladder, and to my surprise, I pee. Normally when she does that, it makes me HAVE to pee, but doesn't cause me to actually do it. I watch with fascination as I arc a short stream for a few seconds into my diapers. Pussylips freshly wet, she slips her hand down and inserts the egg toy into me, right up against my clitoris, and starts it on a low setting.

"A-aa--ahhh...." A breathy, chattering moan escapes my lips. I writhe against the handcuffs. "You... are such a bad, bad girl," Mistress tells me. She retrieves one of her special candles from the bedside table- she increases the intensity of my vibrator, as she drips the wax over my chest. It burns hot on my sensitive skin, but it cools in an instant- compounded with the shame and the pleasure, it feels incredible to me. "I- I'm a bad girl that wet her diapers," I reply shyly. This elicits another one of those wonderful hungry smiles. "That's right. You are. And that's not all you do."

She increases the intensity another level. "Unnhhmmm... unn, I... I wet.... my pants, too... my skirts... my panties... I'm always making puddles... a-always peeing my pants... and..."

"And?" She urged me to continue, increasing the intensity just a little more, reaching down with her free hand and putting a clothespin on my nipple. "Ah! Ahh, I, I, I p-poop my pants! I'm a bad dirty elf who wets her pants and poops her panties!"

She brings the intensity up even higher, leaning over me and clothespinning my other nipple. She bends down and sticks her tongue in my mouth, lewdly taking a kiss from me, and biting my lower lip. "Soil yourself, this instant," She commands me. I bend my knees, clench my fists, and start to go-

When suddenly, there's a knocking at the door. Mistress whirls her head up and looks towards the front hall from our bedroom, and sneers with irritation. "Who the fuck is that? I don't have any customers today," She said. She put a finger against my lips before I could speak. "Save that thought. Don't you DARE soil yourself without me. And stay here." For some reason, there's not just a tone of irritation in her voice, but also, some worry. She pulls off her mask, sitting it on the bedside table, and she yanks her bathrobe out of her cabinet, a silky mooncloth thing, dyed a pale pink with berries. She storms out the room, to the front door.

I hear her throw it open, and I hear her harsh voice. "I'm not open- Oh! It's you," I hear her say. You? Did she have a visitor she recognized? I was content to writhe on the bed and moan quietly- she had left the vibrator on, after all- but I was curious too, so I got up, and just barely peeked my head out the doorframe, to see who it was.

"It's me!" I hear a cheery voice in the doorway. It was nearly grating- entirely too cheery. Like butterflies having a tea party. "I brought the new shipment of ores, as you requested. Gotta say, this is unusual, I didn't know you had any expertise working with these materials, Ka- Mmmff!" I saw my Mistress reach through the door, and swiftly cover their mouth. "No names!" She hissed at her. She beckoned for her to come inside.

"No names? Ooooh! Does that mean you have... a new one??" The too-cheery female voice chimed like a bell. I saw a tower of bright powder blue enter the building. I recognized immediately that this was going to be a very awkward situation. She was one of those ex-demon people, the ones with horns and a tail and hooves... and incredibly long, thick legs... and perky, large breasts that strained her tight green top that was supported by only a collar instead of sleeves. Not to mention, she was exactly as tall as Mistress. Mistress was exceptionally tall, even for her people- she utterly towered over me, so, seeing someone else as tall as her came as a shock. She had bouncy, curly blonde hair, styled into dozens of drills that gave her the look of a fancy gilded curtain or something.

This was bad news, as I explained before. See, that would be because a long time ago, during the Third War- or perhaps was it after the Third War? Either way, my people did some absolutely horrible things to her people. Essentially they were a nomadic people and they sabotaged their craft and lots of them died, both in the conflict and the ensuing crash after. Back then I was engrossed entirely in my studies of the Black Words, so I didn't actually take part in any of this, but that didn't matter. To her, I would be an enemy. I whimpered and backed away through the doorframe, a whisp of my black hair showing as I looked frantically for somewhere to hide.

"As a matter of fact, I do have a new one," Mistress explained, "And we were in the middle of an important... bonding session, so lets just get this over with." Apparently the bubbly bluebell had no intention of quietly going along with it. "Oh, nonsense, Mistress!" She said in a tone of voice that implied she didn't take my Mistress seriously, which was a great way to make her very angry. "I just have to see it! You let me see all the others, why not this one?" She asked, and I could feel Mistress glaring at her even though we were separated by the wall. And, now, by the mattress, because I was hiding underneath it. Whimpering and pushing my hands into my groin, writhing from the vibrations. I could have just taken it out, but that would have been disobedient, and I was a very obedient slave.

"This one is special," Mistress replied coolly, despite the way she was being spoken to. I was impressed with her levelheadedness. I had only ever known her to be harsh and fiery, or tender and loving- it was interesting to hear her being icy, and calm. I blushed with a feeling of pride. Mistress said I was special! But, perhaps she meant special in a... different way. "I don't care, let me see it anyway. Whatever freaky thing you do to her, I don't mind."

There was a long pause, and I heard an audible sigh of irritation. "Very well," I heard Mistress say, and I whimpered and balled myself up tighter under the mattress. I didn't want to see her! Even if she wasn't a species that hated mine, I didn't want anyone seeing me in wet diapers! Not that I hadn't been seen like this before in public, but, that was a story for a different time. I heard Mistress's heels and the other woman's hooves clicking along the floor, and heard the doorway creak as it was pushed open. Mistress clicked her tongue with annoyance. "I thought I fucking TOLD you to stay HERE!" She yelled at me, and I flinched. "Aww, is it too shy to come out?" Mistress's associate asked. There was a brief pause, and then- "Ah. It's under the bed."

My eyes went wide in shock. How did she know? She hadn't even attempted to look for me! But she was right. Mistress heeded her advice and bent down, poking her head under the bed and glaring at me. "What are you doing here, slut? We have a guest. Get out." She grabbed me by the ear and pulled, and I cried out and kicked and resisted her. "N-no! I- I d-don't want to come out!" This only caused Mistress to pull my ear harder. "What the hell did you just say to me? Did you already forget that when I give you an order, you FOLLOW it!? This is twice you've disobeyed me now. I'm going to have to punish you very severely."

And so, against my will, I was dragged out from under the bed. Just enough so that my head and half of my upper body popped out enough to be seen. My ears were wilted in shame, my face red with humiliation, lips turned into a spoiled pout. I did not want to see this woman, and for good reason. Immediately the one with horns sneered down at me and pointed accusingly. "Um. What the hell is that?" She asked.

"This is my new plaything. You are being VERY disobedient. Get out from under there!" Mistress grabbed my hair and tugged, but I fought regardless. "Are you fucking kidding me with this? THIS is your new plaything? You aren't being serious, are you? You know what that is, right? Is this like when a cat plays with its food before killing it?" The horned woman spat harshly. True to my concern, she hated me, because of what I was. A player on the other team, so to speak... and Mistress was growing incredibly irate.

"What I do with my property is MY business," She said, letting me go and turning to stare down her 'friend'. She walked right over to her, glaring at her face from only a few inches away. "I have her under control." The bluebell 'tsk'd her tongue back, turning her face away and glaring back out of the corners of her eyes. "Have you forgotten how dangerous these things can be? What they do? They scheme, they plot, they betray. You might think you have her under control, but she might just be using you." Mistress barked a harsh laugh in return. "Her? She's far too pathetic for anything like that. She's nothing more than my property. She can't do anything."

"I- I didn't- I didn't d-do anything," I stammered out, still frowning at the other woman. Down on the floor like this, she stood so tall over me. I was almost as intimidated as I was by Mistress. I could sense strength in her too. She wasn't as fit and toned as Mistress, but I could tell she had other powers. And it seemed, she could tell, so did I. "You didn't do anything? The wind whispers to me otherwise. You've done plenty of things. Ka-- ahem, 'Mistress' could not possibly punish you enough to pay for the weight of your sins."

Mistress slapped her firmly across the face. "I will be the judge of that. How dare you come into my bedroom and treat my property in such a way." The air was still, as the blue woman looked back at my pink Mistress, holding her face where she was slapped. She had seem stuck to her virtues, but what was that look in her eyes? Was it... fear? She looked back down at me, and bit the corner of her lip. I could feel the two of them judging me with their gaze. These two tall, strong looking women... with conviction, and backbone... I shrank down under their gaze. I realized I did not deserve to be fought over like this. I was just a short, weak toilet slut, my only redeeming qualities being my skill with machinery, knowledge of how to use my tongue, and my bottom, which was the largest out of all the women currently in the room.

"Well... she is pretty cute. And she does look oh so miserable. Perhaps I can entrust her punishment to you!" The hooved woman decided as she looked me over. She shot a glance back up at Mistress, and gave her a cryptic warning: "But you had best be certain to teach her to watch her tongue." The warning apparently went over Mistress's head, but, it stuck with me. What did she mean? Was she talking about the Black Words? Could the wind tell her that?

I would never use the Black Words on Mistress. I will never use them ever again, because I don't need to. Mistress protects me now. I'm safe, with her. I'm not afraid of anything anymore, other than... her.

As I ruminated on the thought, I squealed with dismay as Mistress suddenly grabbed my wrist, and pulled me out from under the bed, forcing me up to my feet- holding my arm above my head, only the tip of one toe could reach the floor- she held me effortlessly with her strength, and even if I wanted to kick and get away, I couldn't. My face turned completely red, and I tried to cover up my diaper with my free hand. The horned girl gagged a little at me. "Oh, my fuck, are you serious right now? Is that a diaper? Hahahaha! That's disgusting! Is that what she likes, huh? Ugh! Look, it's yellow! She wet herself!" The blue woman continued to point and laugh at me, and I wanted to curl up and die. I removed my hand from trying to cover my diapers, and instead used it to cover my face instead.

"That's right," Mistress confirmed. "She wets her diapers." How could she just outright say that to someone I didn't even know?! Wasn't she embarrassed herself? My lip quivered and tears started to well up in the corner of my eyes, and trickle over onto my cheeks. "Aww, look, we made her cry!" The blue woman jeered, stepping over and tugging harshly on my hair. I yipped in pain, and Mistress grabbed her wrist, and forced her to withdraw her hand. "No touching," She sternly warned her, and her friend scoffed and took a step back. "I can't believe it. An elf like her, and look what she's wearing. You must hate your life right now. Ugh, she's so gross. Don't tell me that's all she does."

"It isn't," Mistress smirked, looking me over with those condescending, mocking eyes. "Tell her what else you do, bitch." My fel green eyes darted from woman to woman, turning my head to Mistress, unsettled. "Y- you-- you mean-?" I cried out as she harshly slapped me across the face. Apparently I was embarrassing her in front of her friend. "You know EXACTLY what I mean. Say it, whore."

Mistress mercifully dropped me then, so I could squirm on the spot, twiddling my fingers together in front of my chest, forearms close together to cover up my exposed tits. This was a rush in its own right. I was angry... I think. But I was so submissive to Mistress, I couldn't act on that anger. "I- um... I..." The horned girl turned her head and cupped a hand to her ear. "What? Speak up! Quit stammering like you don't even know how to speak, you stupid diaper bitch."

My face was bright red with humiliation and frustration. I screwed my eyes shut, and dug my nails into my palms. "I piss my pants!" I admitted. The rush I got from it was incredible. A complete stranger, coming in and seeing me in wet diapers, and now I'm telling her that I wet my pants, too. I wanted more. "And- and I- I p-p-- poop my pants... too..."

My legs gave out, and I slid down to the floor. I covered my face with both my hands, beyond embarrassed. I heaved and whimpered, seeming like I was crying, but really I was stifling the moans of pleasure. The egg vibrator was still well at work in my folds, and I was positively dripping. The other two women were so quiet. I could tell, Mistress's friend was staring at me, in complete and utter disgust. It was silent, save for my whining, for a full half a minute, until finally the blue girl spoke up-

"...I want to see."

I uncovered my face and looked up at her, and then up at Mistress. My elven goddess had that toothy, hungry look on her face again, and I knew my suffering was about to increase greatly. "Certainly," Mistress agreed as she forced me to get back up on my knees. She tore off the tapes on my diaper, disposed of it. She dug her finger around inside me, until she found and popped out her remote controlled toy- turned off, and put on the sink for washing later. "Wh- what?" I asked shakily, not understanding what was going on. Before I knew it I was being forced to step into a pair of plain white panties, and one of my special pairs of pants.

Mistress bought them for me. They fit me perfectly- they were tight, and perked up my butt. They were made of slightly tougher, thicker material, which meant that they got soaked better. And they were pure white- Mistress called them my 'potty pants'. She loved to watch me use these pants as my toilet, especially because of the color- they stained yellow very easily. And... brown. I had multiple pairs because they needed to be bleached between accidents. Here I was, hair still a mess from being in bed, no bra, no shirt, no socks even- just naked from the waist up, clothespins still on my puffy, sore nipples- wearing my white pants. Mistress chained me up to the wall, a set of chains that hung from the ceiling. The chains could be pulled up, forcing me to hang off the ground a few inches. Normally I enjoyed it, but not with someone else watching!

Mistress shed her robe, letting it drop to the floor, the silk pooling gently around her feet. Her friend whistled at her. "What an outfit," she commented. Mistress smirked back at her, and retrieved her riding crop- which she quickly used to switch me on the bottom. "AH!!" I cried out intensely- it hurt! She'd never hit me with this thing like that before! "THIS is what you get for disobeying me, not once, not twice, but THREE times!" Another CRACK of the crop across my butt, and I squealed in pain. The terror was rising in my throat again. It hurt... it hurt so much! CRACK! "AAH!!!"

The friend was looking over me curiously. "That looks fun and all, but shouldn't you just order her to do it?" She asked, and Mistress shook her head, smiling again. "She'll lose control," She said with confidence, reaching over and handing the blue woman her riding crop. "You go ahead." Her friend smirked her own condescending, toothy grin, and bent the crop between her fingers to test it. "Don't mind if I do-" And then it came again, the next CRACK!

I screamed in pain again, my head tilted back as I panted from the rush of endorphins. It was even WORSE with her handling it! I realized then that Mistress was a complete expert. She held back. Always punished me just past my breaking point, but this woman- she hated my people, and would do no such thing. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! She fired off a staccato of spankings, abusing, torturing my poor ass. I immediately began to cry. Big, pathetic, weepy tears of suffering. Boo-hooing and whining of the most pitiful of levels. Mistress's friend could only laugh. "Listen to her cry! Oh fuck, you are SUCH a pathetic piece of garbage! Cry harder!"

I felt it again. The panic in my throat, the quaking of my knees. The twisting. But thanks to the drug I must have been given last night, I didn't hold on for very long. Just one more spank later, and I was wetting my pants. Choking out whimpers of horror and despair. I had already wet my diapers earlier, so it wasn't a long soaking, but it was enough. Pee bloomed across the back of my thighs, like two long sweeping petal shapes that grew and grew. My white pants turned semi-translucent, started to turn yellow. Piss gushed down the inside of my thighs. It all dripped off the tip of my toes, suspended up above the floor- just enough to drip into a puddle on the floor at my feet about a foot in diameter.

~I- I did it again. Another woman made me wet myself,~ I thought. I thanked the goddess that Mistress prayed to, and Mistress herself. It was almost like the first time all over again- a completely exhilarating experience. Suddenly, I didn't think this girl was so bad. She made me wet my pants, after all. "Hah... hahah, look at that. That's just so sad. That's so disgusting. Are you a fucking child, seriously?" I then remembered why I didn't like the blue girl. I just squinted my eyes shut and took the beratement, it was all I could do. "Look at this once-proud elf, with all her magic and her history, and now she's chained to the ceiling fuckin' pissing in her pants. You should hate yourself. In fact, I can only imagine that you do hate yourself. Otherwise, you'd eventually kill yourself under this kind of torment, right? Maybe you ought to do it tonight!"

She reeled back her arm, and I was certain a whipping of unprecedented proportions was going to come, but as she swung her hand forward, it stopped- Mistress had grabbed her wrist. I looked over my shoulder, wondering when the blow would come, and that's when I saw it-

A look on Mistresses face that I never, ever wanted to see again.

She'd looked furious and disdainful at me before, but it wasn't anything like this. I was overwhelmed with the sheer killing pressure I felt from her. Believe it or not, even as utterly pathetic as I am, I have experienced killing intent before. This was like that, but worse... it was like there was something she could do that was worse than death, and she was going to do it.

"You overstep your boundaries, woman." Before her friend could even respond, Mistress reeled her hand back, punched her in the side of the jaw, and knocked her clean the fuck out. She crumpled like paper, a stupid, perplexed look of pain on her face, before she fell to the ground. Her face landed in my pee puddle, and this pleased me immensely. She left her on the floor and came over to me, caressing my hair, cupping my cheeks, cooing at me, assuring me everything was alright. "It's okay... yes, it's okay, you can cry... mmmhm... you poor, miserable thing. How adorable you looked hanging there, sobbing and wetting yourself. I burned the sight into my memory." She let me down from the chain, caressing my hair and pushing my face into her chest.

Once I got over the initial shock, I continued my crying session into Mistress's breasts. They felt comforting, even if they were firm and strong. I sobbed like that awhile... then, the next show began.

I was chained to the ceiling again, but this time, I was turned around so that I could see the opposite wall. Mistress's friend was chained to that wall. She was flat against the wall so that her wrists and face were forced against it- just barely enough room for Mistress to reach and squeeze her breasts. Her ankles were chained together at an awkward angle, with a medium sized spreader bar, but her knees were wrapped together. This forced her to stand against the wall with her bottom sort of out, and her tail flicked from side to side. She'd been left in her green pants, but her top had been removed entirely. She groaned groggily. "Unnhhh... what happened....?"

Mistress was standing behind me. She was watching the horned girl intently, holding something behind her back. With her other hand, she was freely caressing me, touching my chest. "You stepped much too far. You disrespected me immensely, after I did you the courtesy of inviting you into my home, and letting you play with my toys. You said something unforgivable to my lovely piss pants. Now I'm going to punish you."

The girl chained to the wall started to panic, her tail swish-swishing back and forth rapidly, pulling and struggling against her bonds. "W- wait-! I- I'm sorry!" She quickly apologized, and she sounded much meeker than before. This was when I realized that this wasn't the first time Mistress had 'punished' this particular friend. She huffed furiously, as she realized she wasn't getting out of it. "Sorry I didn't whip your plaything a little HARDER, that is."

Mistress said nothing. She merely stepped out from behind me, turned to plant a loving kiss on my cheek. "Watch very closely," She commanded me, and so, I did. She unfurled the leather whip she'd been holding behind her back, and in one smooth, expert motion, snapped it across the blue woman's back. I had never actually seen a real whip before- it sounded like a rifle shot. It sounded like the most painful thing I'd ever heard. An enormous welt was left across her 'friend's back, and she shrieked bloody murder. "AAAAIIIIEEEE!!" Her body cringed, her chest arched forward. She slumped against the wall, panting with exhaustion at having to deal with the pain.

"P... Please... please...." She whimpered, and Mistress ignored her. She whipped her across the back again, leaving another long welt, so there were two in the shape of an X. She hadn't broken the skin, but... it looked like she easily could. The woman screamed terribly again, and I flinched, feeling terrified myself. "No more! No more I'm sorry, please, PLEASE, I'm sorry Mistress, please!" She begged. "That's much better. You tried to call me by my name twice. You should know by now that to you, just as it is to her, my name is MISTRESS!!"

Mistress cracked her with the whip once more, and that was when she did it. I hadn't seen anything like it before- it wasn't like when I do it at all. There was this loud, filthy, wet noise- a sound sort of like 'PPPBBLLHHRRRRTTT!!', and suddenly, Mistress's 'friend' was having a complete accident in her pants. Urine gushed forcefully down the inside of her legs, poured off her bottom, drenched all over the back of her ankles. Her tail stuck straight up in the air, and a wet, mushy mound quickly grew in the seat of her pants as she shit herself. "AH! AHH!! AHH PLEASE NO, NOOOO!" She screamed again in pain. 'PRRBBHHTT! FLRRRPPHHTTT!' It just kept coming out. She was having an enormous poop in her pants.

And even then, Mistress did not stop. She continued to lay into her, crack after crack of her whip. It was actually terrifying to watch. It was so terrifying, I shuddered and whimpered. I felt that electricity down my spine, that twisting and churning in my gut and loins. I felt my pants tenting out. I felt the way that they pulled on my hips, as the tent in the seat of my pants stretched bigger, and bigger, and then- it fell into my panties. It was a big one, too... not quite as big as the hooved girl's pants pooping, but, I felt the weight of it in my panties tugging down more than I ever had before. It was so warm and filthy all over my butt. Just like every day... I shivered and shuddered. The stench in this room was so terrible. I was just as afraid of Mistresses whip, that I crapped my pants too, hanging from the ceiling.

Mistress reached over behind me with her free hand, not bothering to look as she cupped the enormous mound in the seat of my pants, pushing it against my bottom lightly. "What am I to do with the both of you? Looks like I have not one, but TWO disgusting girls who can't keep their pants clean."

Mistress wanted to play with me after that, so, after she deemed her 'friend' to have been sufficiently punished, she let her go... and kicked her out of the house, forcing her to go find her own change of pants, and walk down the road completely soaked and soiled. We played for some hours, after that... it had been such an exciting morning, after all, we couldn't let it go to waste. I didn't think I had ever been happier in my entire life to be alone in a room with another woman after relieving myself in my pants.

Following that day, every once in awhile, when I got up in the morning, or in the evening after my work was done, sometimes, I was chained up together with Mistresses draenei friend, and we would wet ourselves. All under the protective, authoritative gaze... of Her.

