Potty Training My Sweet Neko

Author: luigifantard

*000*2015-11-20 05:27

I love my neko character. <3 So sweet and innocent and pure... but potty training? That takes a while when you add Master's perviness to it. So here.

Contains both male and female messing,but the male here is the more dominant character so yeah.

###

"M-Master..?"

The little neko fidgeted a little as he stood there. Michelle could easily tell what was wrong-he had to go. Taking care of him wasn't always easy,he'd had a lot of accidents lately,being not used to peeing or anything,and later on he was confined to diapers-not that he cared,anyway. The neko was adorable,with his big blue eyes and beautiful,fuzzy brown ears,which drooped whenever he was tired or sad-and his white-tipped,slender cat tail which swished around like a tree branch in the breeze. He was a sweet and innocent little cutie,pure as an angel. But too pure,as he was curious,and obviously was not used to relieving himself the right way.

"What's wrong..?" Michelle guessed that he had to pee,but she was wrong. He needed something else.

"M-My tummy hurts..." The neko's fidgeting increased,he seemed to be in pain from this feeling. It was obvious what was wrong-He had to poop,and pretty badly too,from the way he was fidgeting. His stomach rumbled audibly,causing him to blush. His ears were drooping now. He danced around-he was light on his feet-whimpering in pain and grabbing his stomach. It was obvious that he needed to go-and now,too.

"Okay,sweetie. Come on." Michelle got up and led the neko to the bathroom,where across from the porcelain toilet sat a large child's potty,which was to be straddled like a rocking horse,complete with a duck shape. Michelle had bought the potty just for the neko but she would use it too for her own "purposes",when the neko was fast asleep in the other room. She guided the neko to the potty and had him sit down and straddle the potty correctly.

"Stay here,my sweetie. I'll be right back." She didn't want to leave the neko,seeing that he was hurting,but she needed to if she wanted this to work. The neko whimpered as she exited the bathroom,squirming and in pain.

Moments later she returned,only she was wearing one of the neko's diapers,much to his surprise. "M-Master...? Why are you..."

"Shh-shh,baby..." Michelle cooed,her own stomach rumbling. She purposely made sure that she herself needed to poop too,to show the neko how to go,and maybe even to excite herself. "It's okay,baby..." Once she was seated on the toilet she resisted the urge to go ahead and push.

"Okay,baby. I want you to push as hard as you can,okay? Like this." Michelle grunted loudly,pushing a huge load of fresh,smelly poop out of her and into the diaper,where it settled to the bottom and formed a small dent. A loud fart alerted the neko to what was going on. She forced herself to stop,even though she still more loads to push out. "Like that."

"O-Okay..." The neko pushed,straining heavily. High pitched whimper-grunts escaped him as his face turned red,his ears slowly flattening back as he struggled and strained. He looked like he was about to suffocate but stopped,breathing heavily. With much struggle,he was able to push out a average-sized log of waste-but obviously he still needed to go. "D-Did I do it right,M-Master..?" He muttered,trying to regain his breathing. Michelle got up and checked the back of his diaper, and sure enough there was a small log right there.

"You did good,baby. Do you still have to go..?" Michelle cooed,rubbing the neko's rumbling stomach. He nodded,blushing lightly. This time Michelle had him stand up.

“Here’s another way,” she said simply. She stood up,squatted only a little,and pushed again,forcing out two more huge loads of poo. The diaper sagged noticeably as the dent grew larger. Michelle sighed almost seductively,her womanhood throbbing.

The neko copied her position and began to push too,struggling as usual. His tail whipped around,but finally he pushed out a semi-large log as he took deep yet shaky breaths. Michelle checked the back of his diaper again,and this time she had him get on his knees and grip the side of the bathtub.

“Okay,sweetie. Push with all your might.” Michelle encouraged, feeling tingles run up her spine. She grunted loudly as she pushed hard,and with a loud sloppy fart the rest of her bowels were forced out and into the diaper,which sagged enough to drop off of her waist at any time.

The neko took a small breath,and pushed with every atom of strength his frail body possessed. Suddenly the neko screamed,a pained “H-Hwwaaa-!!” followed by a wet,sloppy fart and his diaper sagging more and more. He was shaky now,having finised voiding his bowels.

“Good job,baby..” Michelle cooed,patting his mushy,dirty diaper. Let’s get you cleaned up. Her womanhood twitched and throbbed with pleasure as she thought of what she was going to do tonight.

