Blooper's Random Stories

Author: blooper

*000*2016-09-20 06:53

(Well, this is just a random story I wrote. Been playing one of my OCs again and wanted to write something about them. Would do something a bit more plot and character related but…council. Art for reference: https://www.dropbox.com/s/10d4een7p5zzp35/The%20Red%20Knight.jpg?dl=0

)

The Red Knight(Whom I will often be calling Red for simplicity.) was nervous. This was her first attempt at leading herself. She and Robin were pupils to the master tactician Travis, part of his four person squad that served the Omega and his goals. Normally he lead lead the squad on missions, his powerful control of the battlefield keeping them all alive. But as one of his two tacticians in training, she had to learn to do it as well. At least she couldn’t do worse than Robin, she figured. The man had destroyed his foes, but his leadership left a bit to be desired. He almost seemed to delight in throwing his units in situations they barely escaped, leaving the unit with six heavily injured soldiers, two lightly injured, and only two healthy. Robin had done most of the work himself, his physical protection rather than guidance keeping the soldiers from outright dying. She promised herself she would do better.

Today it was just her and the ten women that formed the mercenary group they were currently working with. Tyra, the elder blue dragon who opposed Tiamat for control of the chromatics, was off battling the mother of dragons. Her adopted daughter, Jill, originally Tiamat’s daughter and a massive red dragon who had taken the Red Knight’s master as her mate, was with her. She couldn’t help but feel jealous when she thought of the red. She had vied for her master’s attention before, but he did not seem interested in placing it on a student. Every time Jill kissed him, or greeted him with one of her powerful hugs, she burned with jealousy. All she got was friendly greetings and the usual advice.

Pushing her absent companions out of her mind for now, she turned to face her squad. They were lined up, geared up and ready to go. Scanning down the line of mercenaries, Red nodded in approval. “Alright ladies, here’s the plan. Our job is to destroy the shadow sources so the Omega can hold the zone. We’ve done this before, should be a routine job. I’ll be leading this time. I may not do as well as Travis, but I’ll do a better job than Robin did.” At that several of the women grinned.

“We’re ready when you are commander.” One of the mercs, Carissa, said. She was one of the more experienced woman, and wore heavy scale armor with a pair of battleaxes at her sides and long, light brown hair down to her shoulders.

The Red Knight nodded and concentrated. Her mind washed over the team, and she could feel all of their emotions, all of their conditions. She was the battlefield. The team turned and vanished in one concerted teleport, appearing on a field of semisolid shadow. Three glowing nexus’s floated above the ground around the area, and a variety of shadow creatures already stalked the ground. “Go!” she shouted into everyone’s minds, and they were off. Red felt her chess pieces flood onto the battlefield, spectral images of herself in different uniforms standing guard over her teammates and flitting about the battlefield, shadows of glowing red energy. First, she took stock of all her troops.

Carissa was at the vanguard, both axes drawn as she leaped upon a shadowy humanoid. Her axes tore into its essence with ease, the magical weapon tearing shadow like flesh. Right behind her was Diana, an exceptionally tall and supremely arrogant blonde. She wore heavy plate armor, but it barely seemed to slow her. “Try to keep up!” she shouted as she dodged past Carissa, bringing her greatsword to bear against the flank of a massive shadowy worm, a powerful blow driving into its flank. She could feel the warrior was…nervous!? and almost laughed aloud. Now that she was keeping everyone’s statuses, she could see Diana’s true colors. The warrior had already shit herself a bit as she waited for the battle to start, nervous about going into combat again after her serious injury under Robin. Stifling her laughter, she ignored the small lump in the blonde’s pants only she could sense and moved to the next merc.

Alesha was next to engage. She held a broadsword tightly in both hands, studded leather armor showing off her curves while giving a bit of protection to complement her mobility, long red hair flaring out behind her as she moved. She danced between the legs of a Titanic shadow, blade cutting out again and again. Once again, the enchanted equipment had a noticeable effect, gashes tearing in the flesh of the shadows legs. It seems her attempts to hamstring it simply wounded it more, however.

Anna spun forward after her, her glistening black crystal plate armor radiating fear, her brilliant red hair trialing out the bottom of her helm . It did little good against the shadows, however, and luckily didn’t affect her allies, so she simply resorted to bringing her massive hammer spinning around into the side of the nightmare worm’s maw, joining Diana in attempting to slay the beast.

A trio of women were next. Cyan, Cyril, and Cyrene. They all had matching short black hair, and each wore matching chainmail armor, the links glistening mithral. The shortest of them wielded two daggers, one glistening with fire and the other with cold. The middle sister wielded two scimitars, both hissing with acid. The last had a pair of green, glowing arms sprouting from her side, the psionic limbs supporting a pair of dual wielded greatswords that crackled with lightning and thunder, respectively. They moved in unison, the Cyrene, who stood almost as tall as Diana, let the Cyril take her shoulders. Cyan leaped onto hers in turn, and together they launched the smallest sister into the air, sending her crashing into a massive flying shadow. Her daggers dug deep, and she pulled, the best careening towards the ground into the other two’s reach, and they fell upon it.

Luna, an archer, stayed back beside the red knight, her white hair long down her back and her body protected by pure black leather armor, enchanted with stealth. It didn’t matter against the shadows, however, and she simply raised her bow and sent a shower of sparkling arrows flying towards another flying shadow, the trail a bright light in the darkness of the realm.

A pair of blue haired mages brought up the rear. Both wore their dark blue hair long down their back, dressed in matching red robes and carrying matching black staves. Only their eye colors differentiated, Mina’s eyes a bright green while Mila’s were a light brown. They unleashed waves of magic over the mercenaries, hastening their movements before opening up with spells of light and fire, the shadowy enemies immune to the more effective methods of magical disablement, paralysis and mind control. She could also feel Mila was desperately full and almost groaned. The mage should have gone beforehand if she was so desperate.

With everyone’s status accounted for, the whole train of thought taking only a moment, Red moved to engage. Energy flared to life around her, and her whole body glowed with red energy, her sword shifting from metal to pure energy in an instant. She advanced down the middle of the enemies, past her troops, and engaged another titanic shadow. Leaping into the air, powered by a flow of air, she struck its arm and cut clean through, severing the limb. She felt herself stabilize in the air, and rolled in midair, avoiding its other swinging arm. Pushing off of the air she lashed out with psionic power, a shadowy flyer coming at her falling to the ground in pain as she blasted it with a combination of psionic energy and magical fire.

Feeling the rush of both magic and psionics flowing full force through her veins, she casually raised her sword and caught the nightmare’s returning arm on it, severing it off and leaving the creature armless. Spurring forward in a burst of psychic emery, she drove her blade through its face, the massive monster dissolving into shadowy essence. With her free hand she raised a shield of arcane energy, catching the powerful cone of icy death launched her way and absorbing it into more energy. Emboldened, she leaped for a worm, but it dived into the ground. Turning, she raised her sword high, and brought it down with a brilliant flash of power, red energy engulfing one of the shadowy nexus’s and obliterating it. Her attention was tugged away for a moment, however, and she realized the perils of maintaining a collective with a group of warrior women.

Diana hacked away at the worm in front of her, Anna working on its opposite side and forcing it to keep turning in an attempt to catch ones of them. She was unprepared for the hand that reached down and grasped her. One of the giant shadows had flickered from its position across the shadowy field and appeared beside her. She felt her strength start to drain as its ghostly hand scooped her up in its giant grip, and she let out a scream of fear. Her body went limp and her bladder trembled uncontrollably, leak after leak of pee soaking into her undergarments. Dropping her greatsword, he quickly lost complete control, streams of urine soaking her legs and armor and falling from her, yellow streams cascading down from the giant’s grip. Red’s piece was there, however, and it phased through the giant’s hand, pulling her free and dropping her swiftly and safely to the ground.

The giant tried to attack, but roared in pain as a prismatic beam slammed into its side, knocking it backward in a dazzle of rainbow energy. Her bowels were trembling but under control, though she barely had time to breathe a sigh of relief and get her fingers around the hilt of her fallen sword before she looked up and yet out another girly, fearful shriek. The maw of the giant worm she and Anna had been fighting was bearing down on her. It looked badly injured but it was still going to eat her. She let out a mewling whimper more appropriate to a scared little girl than to her massive frame and desperately threw her hands in the way as fear coursed through her. A lout pbblltt sounded as she violently shit herself, dark mush flooding into her underwear and then into her armor as her body forcefully expelled its waste. The smell and sound were both awful and unmistakable.

Then end never came, however. Anna lunged forward, massive hammer cracking into the side of the worm’s head and sending it flying to the side, collapsing into a pile of shadowy essence and spiraling away. She turned to Diana, a slightly amused but sympathetic grin on her face, and held out a hand to help her up. Diana sniffled, wiping back the start of tears, and took her hand, letting Anna pull her to her feet. The black armored redhead patted the blonde’s back, and Diana composed herself to head back into the fray.

The Red Knight could feel the fear flowing through Diana, the release of her control. It was all she could to do keep control herself, groaning as she doubled over and pushed a small lump of poo into her formerly pristine red panties. Steeling herself, she fought off the rest of the mental assault and lowered her connection to the others a bit. Preparing herself for further attacks, she stood up again, wincing as the lump of poo moved around in her panties. She turned towards the second nexus and sprinted for it, but a shadowy spider the size of an elder dragon rose up in her way, and she skidded to a halt.

Her heart was pounding, and she felt a trickle of pee flow down her leg, this time not from someone else’s leak. Cursing under her breath, she watched as it raised its massive leg and took a swipe at her. She leaped forward, dodging the limbs blow and attaching herself to its side, running up the massive limb. When she neared the top, however, it brought another limb swinging up, and the spider’s blow hit her head on. The red energy around her flickered, her powerful barrier absorbing the blow. It faltered, but held fast, and the spider’s leg was deflected away with a screech of pain. The blow rocked her, however, and she could feel a distinct dampness in her panties telling her she had leaked more. Angrily raising her sword, she went straight for its head.

Her pieces were still defending the squad, but her lapse in control spread like a wildfire. It was a result of the connection that they hadn’t expected, with both Travis and Robin being male and immune to the overactive bodily functions women suffered in battle. Mila suffered the effects of Red’s leak first, doubling over with a grunt as she pushed a log into her panties. Her desperation was too much to contain with the sudden urge to release. “Mila look out!” Mina shouted as a massive shadowy bird dived towards her sister. Mina tackled Mila to the ground, clearing her from the bird’s path, but its shadowy claws snatched her up. Her bladder was already eager for release and a golden cascade fell down on her sister as Mina was scooped up.

Mila felt herself get thrown down and let out a pained sound, groaning as she pushed another log into her panties, involuntarily forcing more out with the impact. She was peeing now as well, desperate to get everything out. Her red robe was horribly stained, but she was shaken from her stupor when Mina’s pee soaked the upper portions of her dress. Concentrating, she forcibly pushed a third log into her panties, then looked up and cast a powerful spell, the shadowy bird turning to pure ice. Seeing that Mina was free, she bore down again, trying to finish wetting and messing her dress as quickly as possible. Everything pooled beneath her where she sat, and she realized this would be a bit too much of a mess for prestidigitation.

Mina landed on her feet beside Mila with grace, her feather fall spell gently setting her on the ground. She wrinkled her nose in disgust at her sister’s accident. “I told you you should have gone beforehand.” She scolded. From across the battlefield she heard a massive roar, and turned bright red as she let out a fearful whimper and a blast of hot, liquid mess. The back of her dress darkened, and with the roar, Red’s influence, and the sound of her sister messing herself beside her, she couldn’t hold it back. Another wave of hot muck sprayed out, overwhelming her panties and dress completely and dripping down her legs. She held a horrified expression as a noisy fart escaped her, and then another, longer burst of diarrhea exploded down her legs, liquid poo puddling beneath her as she continued to helplessly shit herself.

Luna ran, turning and firing a desperate arrow occasionally. With the others occupying the larger creatures, she found herself being swarmed by every single one of the tiny humanoids. Red’s chess pieces had intercepted many blows, but she had taken several, and she was getting tired. It seemed there was no end to these things. Suddenly, the swarm vanished. She paused, confused. Suddenly she heard a sound and turned. The whole swarm was behind her, using the same blinking some of the others had used. They were on her in an instant. She desperately removed her bowstring, slamming a few creatures back with her bow like a quarterstaff, but soon she was overwhelmed.

She felt her essence start to drain into the shadow and panic completely overtook her body. She looked up into the eerily grinning face of a shadow and helplessly lost all control. Pee soaked her black leather armor, not very noticeable but leaving every inch of her bottom soaked. The back bulged out as a large lump of poo forced its way into her tight armor, then more and more forced its way out, spreading along the back of her tight armor like a pancake. Her bottom and legs were soon coated with pee and poo as she felt all light fading, the shadows taking her. Just as her consciousness faded, she saw a bright light pierce the shadows around her.

Travis approached the fallen archer, smoking staff still in hand. There was no trace of the pure energy blast that had utterly annihilated the attacking shadows, but he still radiated an aura of power. Slinging the staff over his shoulder, he picked up the unconscious archer. “Just because I am not leading this fight does not mean I will allow anyone to be lost.” He said quietly, and vanished with a flicker of energy, taking the badly injured woman back to their base.

The triplets were fighting the remaining big monsters, the other four split off to head for the last gate. The three of them worked in perfect concert, elemental weapons cutting down giants, birds, and worms alike. They seemed untouchable, any hit that broke through tier formation being absorbed by a one of Red’s pieces, their leader still watching out for them. They struck down the last monster with satisfaction, the three of them hugging one another as the last normal monster fades.

Diana, Anna, Alesha, and Carissa joined together, cutting down one last worm from their path and heading for the last nexus. The last of the monsters fell behind them, and the Red Knight would end hers soon. As they neared, however, space rippled in front of them. A massive, six winged dragon, its head full of glowing red eyes and its mouth full of massive red fangs, tore its way into the demiplane. An aura of fear radiated off of it, and it let out a massive roar. Its arms moved in casting, and it lashed out at the triplets with a spell, then turned to face the terrified women before it.

Diana had enough when the fear aura hit her. Pee she didn’t even know she still had sprayed down her legs at the sight of the dragon, and a fresh burst of waste pushed its way into her armor, spreading the mess even further down her legs and ass. Her legs trembled and she teared up, and when the dragon roared she fainted dead away, bladder, bowels, and bravery exhausted.

Carissa faired a bit better, letting out a quiet whimper of fear and clamping down on her muscles as hard as she could, preventing a solid release. Her bladder, on the other hand, couldn’t be stopped, and her tight armored pants echoed with a hiss as she forcefully and fearfully emptied her bladder into them. She stood frozen with fear as she peed herself like a frightened child, whimpering. As the stream died down, the veteran fighter collected herself and advanced towards the massive dragon.

Alesha clamped down on her bladder, forgetting about her bowels, the opposite of Carissa. She let out a pained, involuntary groan as the first soft mass pushed its way into her panties, quickly followed by a wave of brown sludge, then another mass and another. She trembled as Carissa did, shitting herself in terror. She was at least spared the childish whimpering thanks to her pained groans. When the dragon roared, her hold on her bladder faltered, and piss sprayed down her legs, studded leather darkening. She looked up, meeting the dragons eyes, and fell to her knees, helpless in the face of its fearsome gaze. Her bladder was going full force now, along with her bowels, and the stench was terrible as she emptied herself into her armor, entirely humiliated and helpless, unable to continue the fight.

Anna fared better than her comrades, at least. Her armor reduced the impact of fear on her along with its other effects, and she leaked for a moment, the front of her panties dampening and the back of them browning slightly, but she held it together. Hammer in hand, she shook her head to clear it, then followed Carissa towards the dragon, hoping her other two companions would be okay.

It swooped down to meet them, its shadowy form dwarfing them a hundredfold. It released a massive cone of blue fire, but a pair of Red’s pieces stepped in the way, the ones dressed as bishops, and they dispersed the fire to either side, leaving the pair unharmed. Anna could swear she heard a “Tsk” from the dragon. It descended, and its claws reached out, grabbing at the pair. Carissa activated her ring, and teleported out of the way. Anna tried to dodge, but there was no way she could. The claw was just too big. The dragon scooped her up, and seeing Carissa reappear, sent his massive tail spiraling towards her.

She looked up too late, and it hit her full on in the stomach, and the rest of her really. The loudest fart yet was heard from the veteran merc as her mess was quite violently forced out of her. One instant her pants were clean, in another they were sagging heavy with foul mess. A full load, enough to make her armored pants sage with a bulge the size of a baseball or two, was pushed out in an instant. Forced by the impact and lubricated by fear, she humiliated herself in less than a second. She went flying across the battlefield, landing in an unconscious heap.

Anna looked up at the dragon in horror as it drew her closer to its maw. She felt her muscles trembling, fear slowly gaining ground. As it opened its jaw her bladder opened involuntarily, and the inside of her pristine armor soaked through, the crystals lack of joints causing the pee from her impressive bladder to pool at the bottom of her feet and climb up her legs as she filled the inside of her tight armor with warm, liquid fear. As she entered the darkness of its maw, she felt the edge of a sharp tooth brush her and closed her eyes. Her stomach rumbled, and despite her best efforts, the shadowy, deadly feel of its tooth was enough.

She pushed a wave of soft mess into her underwear, then another. More and more soft, firm mess filled her panties, spreading out and coating the inside of her armor in poop. She shook with fear until she finished messing herself, then wondered why she wasn’t dead. Opening her eyes, she saw herself outside the dragon’s mouth, and it was grinning at her. It gently set her down on the ground, and she fell onto her butt in a daze with a splat, only making the mess worse. What was going on?

The three twins had just enough time to celebrate their victory before they were thrown into their own illusionary horrors.

Cyan found herself in a pit of snakes. The effect was almost immediate. The youngest sister who had a crippling fear of snakes curled up into a ball and sobbed. She didn’t even try to stop herself as she peed full force into her chainmail skirt, soaking her panties and the cloth that guarded her legs from the mail, the puddle spreading over her and soaking her entirely as she hid in a ball of her own piss. Her bowels luckily didn’t hold much, and she quickly pushed a large stool into her underwear, but it was able to contain everything.

Cyril found herself looking at a pair of skeletons she quickly recognized as her sisters. Tears stung her eyes and she rushed over to them. “Nonononono! I can’t be!” she whispered tearfully. When she reached them, she knelt down, and let out the loudest shriek of fear yet. The skeletons eye sockets were filled with spiders, her worst fear. Falling back on her bottom, she desperately scrabbled away, leaving a trial of pee behind as her bladder released into her panties and clothes. She managed to make it to the corner of the room, a large trial of pee showing her path across the room. She realized her butt was completely smeared with poop, having involuntarily released everything the instant she saw the spiders. Her capacity wasn’t much greater than Cyan’s but she had dragged it everywhere. Her armor would take hours to clean and her clothes were likely unsalvageable. But at least she was away from the spiders.

Cyrene found herself facing her worst fear as well. She found herself in the water. She desperately tried to swim upwards, but her armor was too heavy. She tore at it desperately, but it would not come off. Her oxygen drained quickly with her panic, and soon she was choking, trying to scream as horror completely overtook her. She lost all consciousness as her bladder and bowels emptied at the same time, the water around her yelling and her soaked clothes staining. The back of her armor bulged out immensely, her garments unable to hold her considerable mess back, the clothes and panties horribly stained brown as soft mess drippled down the back of her legs.

Back in the real world, the triplets were position as in their illusions, Cyan curled up in a ball, Cyril sat on her messy bottom, and Cylene laying on her back. Eventually, the illusion faded, and the younger two sisters woke to their unconscious and extremely messy older sister. They moved over to her, and with combined effort, lifted her.

The Red Knight fought the giant spider as she felt her soldiers crumbling around her. Cursing silently in her head as her attention was drawn to a hundred different places defending them, she cut deep into the spider. The sudden release of so many shook her a moment later however, and she feel, clutching the bottom of her skirt in desperation and also to prevent it from flaring up. Another, slightly larger lump was forced into her panties, and she no longer had any concentration left. She wished she could yell at him, wished she could kill this thing and end it… The other nexus exploded behind her, and she resigned herself to focusing her attention on holding it and freeing the illusioned women.

The now larger bulge in her panties was uncomfortable but she could handle it. Her spell carried her gently to the ground, and she banished the illusion on the triplets. She turned upwards, wincing as the spider advanced on her overworked form and raised a leg to crush her. A few streams of pee trailed down her legs, but she knew her ward would protect her. A moment later, however, the massive dragon crashed into the spider, sending it crashing to the ground like a collapsing titan and tearing into it with furious teeth, claws and wing buffets. At least he was helping now.

Gathering herself, Red made her way to the last nexus, raising her sword and unleashing another pulse of red, pure energy. Corona, her sword, struck again, and the nexus shattered. The shadowy nature of the plane faded, returning to the harmless demiplane it had once been. Sheathing her sword, she let out a sigh of relief. “At least I made it through relatively clean.” She said aloud to herself. She was still shaky from everyone else’s release, but she had made it.

“Boo!” she heard from behind her, and let out a loud squeak. Her weakened bladder gave out and a waterfall of yellow streamed down between her legs, soaking her red panties thoroughly and puddling beneath her, thankfully leaving her skit and legs untouched. Her bowels forced another lump into her panties, then another, and soon the bulge forced them out to their full extent, not quite enough to peak down below her skirt but sizable. Striking out behind her, she spun and punched the giant of a man standing behind her, grinning. Her fist, even charged with energy, didn’t seem to do much, but he winced, a rare sign of pain from the giant of a man. Somewhat satisfied, she growled at him. “What the hell was that about, Robin!? I had this under control, we had it won! And then you had to go and take out the rest of my soldiers!? Are you just jealous I was doing better than you!?”

Robin couldn’t contain a chuckle, putting his hand on the average sized woman’s head and easy task for the seven foot tall half giant. “Perhaps. Perhaps the master just wanted me to amuse him.”

Red blushed hotly, but she knew Robin was teasing her. He knew of her affection, and its lack of return. She didn’t need his teasing right now. Shaking her head, she retorted. “Maybe you just wanted a show. It doesn’t matter I suppose, as long as master realizes how well we would have done without your intrusion.” They both knew he didn’t interfere for his own desires. He was willing to amuse others tastes but he wouldn’t go out of his way for it. But it was the only defense she had. “Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to go gather up the army that you threw all over the battlefield.” She added with a huff. Turning, she let out an eep as she felt Robin;s hands grab her legs and back and scoop her up.

“Travis is taking care of that.” He told her. “I’m to take you back.”

“Let go of me you big oaf!” she shouted in indignation, punching uselessly at his shoulder. He turned away from the scene and she slumped against his shoulder, basking in the warmth of his body as they left the cold, shadowy plane.

“You did a wonderful job.” Travis told her, smiling. She had just returned from the plane with Robin, slipping out of his grip and going to meet Travis while the others cleaned up. She shifted uncomfortably in her messy panties, though she knew there was no trace of her accident visible. The energy around her kept the smell from escaping. She liked to keep her accidents secret, especially when they were intentional or prolonged.

“You defended the squad in an exemplary manner, and still fought well yourself. You did, however, fail to keep Luna well-guarded. Dedicate someone to that next time, had I not interfered you would have lost her.” His voice was the same monotone no matter which part he was delivering, which was a bit creepy. “You did much better than Robin, at least. If not for his interference that would have gone off well. Congratulations, Red Knight. You have earned the right to lead your own squad.”

Red beamed with pride. For once, she was flooded with happiness. This was her goal. She was affirmed as good enough, as strong enough, to be a commander in the Omega Watch. It was an exhilarating feeling. It was missing one thing, however. She wished he would reach over, grope her bottom through her skirt like he always did with Jill. Anything. But there was nothing but a sense of pride over her accomplishment, pride of her growth. Nothing more emotional than that. And while she was happy, excited, she was also forlorn. “Thank you, commander.” She managed, keeping her voice as formal as possible. Bowing her head in farewell, she left the room.

Robin was waiting outside the door, joining her in her walk the instant she exited. “Jealous?” she asked.

“Hardly.” Robin replied, rolling his eyes. “You were always better at leading. An exemplary performance indeed. Just one little flaw.” His hand reached under her skirt, groping her messy ass.

“Pervert! Jerk!” she shouted, shoving him away and protectively covering her butt.

He laughed once again, raising his hands defensively. “I was just pointing it out. None of your squad noticed.” Putting his arm around, her started leading her towards her quarters as she pouted. “I…think I understand how you feel. Sorry about that. Are you going to be alright?”

She was silent for a moment. “I’ll have to be, won’t I?” Robin was aware of her longing, the only one here who was. He had comforted her when there was no one else, and while neither of them thought there was more than close friendship between them, she needed something to distract her. And often, he needed something to distract him. He had his own issues. “Just…maybe come with me, alright?”

He nodded and pulled her close, petting her hair as the pair entered her quarters. He didn’t know if she meant as someone to cry on or for something more intimate, but he would support her regardless. Sometimes he wondered if his master knew, or cared. Of course he knew, and of course he cared. So what game was he playing?

(If anyone is up for rping in this setting by the way I’d be up for it. PM, I have some ideas if you don’t. And of course, comments and criticism. My proofreading is lazy and my writing is shaky so I need all the help/support I can get. And I swear the other two parts of Kagero story are coming.)

$$

*001*2016-12-21 03:52

Princess Valentine

So this is a bunch of little short stories based around one of the main characters of the Fire Emblem Requiem hack, Lady Valentine. They’re all pretty short, but together they make a decent enough sized story. And all of you who play Fire Emblem stuff should go check out Requiem. It’s easy enough to find, just google it and click on the Serene’s Forest page. The game is fantastic and as one of the few completed hacks I highly recommend it. Plus Val is best lord <3

First Command

“Andrei!” Valentine called but her brother had already rushed off towards the battlefield. “Damnit…why is he always so reckless.” she muttered to herself, taking off after her brother. She was still excited, still nervous. A short time ago, her father had finally given her what she wanted: a position of command in the army. Now, there was an attack coming from Bran’s forces on several sides and she was to command this side. It would be her first official command, and she couldn’t mess this up after demanding it for so long. Her brother, the one charging ahead of her, was more of a frontline fighter, and had never wanted the responsibility of a leadership position. She envied him a bit for that, but she couldn’t dial down her excitement about finally being given command.

Finally, she arrived at the temporary command center, doubled over and panting. Running in heavy armor took a lot out of someone. Even worse, the attack had been sudden and she realized she needed to make use of a chamber pot, in more than one way. But she couldn’t think about that now. She immediately began shouting orders, forming soldiers into units and getting people into position as the enemy forces approached over the horizon. In the grand scheme of things it was a small skirmish but Val felt right at home, shouting orders and running battle plans through her head, the rush of command filling her.

The enemy forces quickly approached, and Val and Andrei moved up to the front of their forces in anticipation. Val’s eyes scanned the enemy forces, noting mostly bandits and brigands, easy kills for the Olvan army soldiers. At their head, however, was a knight dressed in heavy armor that would prove troubling for most of their units, save Andrei and his impressive strength combined with his secondary weapon: along with their standard issue swords, Andrei carried a sword designed to pierce heavy armor and Val carried one designed to break lances. Also among the enemy was an archer, a blonde girl who looked like she had no place on the battlefield, and a cleric, a blue haired woman dressed in pure white, solemnly standing near the back of their forces. When they arrived close enough, Val pushed her red hair out of her face, took a deep breath, and shouted “Attack!”

Andrei needed no encouraging, and charged forward gripping his blade in both hands. Olvan horseman joined his charge, the army’s archers staying back but opening fire on the opposing forces. The heavily armor knights moved forward a bit but stayed relatively back to defend the archers. The enemy bandits charged as well, meeting the army’s assault. Val followed after the cavs, watching the front row of bandits get impaled on lances, Andrei blocking their axe swing with the side of his greatsword, bracing it with his other hand, before stabbing the weapon into the bandit.

He quickly withdrew it and engaged the next line, the cavaliers drawing swords from scabbards and engaging as well. Val moved up beside them, her lighter sword flashing out, quick and deadly, stabbing bandits in the limbs and chest while she sidestepped any retaliatory attacks. An arrow narrowly missed her head, its approach having gone unnoticed as she slew a bandit with a quick stab, and she was too engrossed in the battle and shouting orders to nearby Olvan units to notice the slight dampness in her panties where she leaked at such a close miss.

The enemy forces were quickly driven into disarray between the swordsmen and their supporting archers, and Valentine kept her soldiers pressing forward. She spotted the lone enemy archer who had almost hit her with an arrow and decided to deal with her. Stepping forward, she left a bloody trail of bodies behind her as several men tried to shield the archer, the red haired commander cutting them down in rapid succession as they proved no match for her skills. The blonde archer looked on in horror, slowly retreating backwards, her hands shaking so much she dropped the arrows she was trying to load into her bow, a telltale hissing heralding the cascade of golden urine that flowed down her legs in fear, soaking her tight shorts.

Val approached, her sword lashing out and knocking the girl’s bow from her hand, then bringing it back around to the girl’s neck. The archer fell back with a shriek, tears welling in her eyes, and began to plead “I surrender, please don’t hurt me!” There was a crackling sound, likely audible only to Val, and a terrible smell came from the girl. The young blonde crying was too much for Val, and she nodded. “You are a prisoner.” She called for a knight to approach, and in a moment one lumbered up. “Make sure she has no weapons, then take her as a prisoner. I will question her later.” The heavily armored man nodded, reaching down to take the enemy blonde by her arm and lifting her up, leading her away from the fight. Val wrinkled her nose at the smell, turning away from the obvious brown bulge in the archer’s shorts as she was led away. That girl was a disgrace, she had no place on the battlefield acting like that.

Val turned, seeing Andrei engage the cleric with a look in his eye that clearly showed he found the blue haired woman attractive. Perhaps he planned to take advantage of her as a prisoner, because his attacks were rather unforceful, the cleric desperately blocking with her staff and managing too. She was still driven back, however, and her white robe was quickly stained with golden liquid as she fearfully defended herself. Finally, Andrei brought his sword down with enough force to split her staff in two, and she stumbled back with a whimper, looking up at him with fearful eyes.

She started to say something, but first let out an involuntary grunt as she fearfully and helplessly began to relieve herself in her pants, pushing log after log of poo into her blue panties, which were now revealed through her soaked dress. Taking a moment to regain her voice, she protested, “Please, I have information for your commander…don’t kill me.” Andrei nodded, giving her a grin before picking up the cleric bodily and carrying her off towards the back ranks.

Rolling her eyes, Val stepped back and assessed the situation. Everything seemed to be going smoothly, although they would wait for Andrei to return before pressing the armor knight’s position. Suddenly, she heard the beat of wings and a wyvern came crashing down from the sky, right into their back lines. Archers scattered everywhere, one torn in half by the dragon’s maw and another impaled on its rider’s lance. Val stood paralyzed with fear for a moment, staring in horror. A dragon rider! Her aunt had told her anyone strong enough to tame a dragon was powerful indeed, and she had no business fighting them. Her legs trembled, and with a whimper she couldn’t help but wet herself, her full bladder soaking her exposed legs in a waterfall of pee as she stared at the dragon rider decimate her archers, unable to act. The knights turned and tried to deal with him, but he seemed to have little trouble penetrating their armor with a lance from atop dragonback, driving back the knights as well.

When the pee finally stopped running down her legs, Val pulled herself together with a growl. She couldn’t lose her first battle, especially not to one man! She didn’t care about Josie’s warning against fighting dragon knights. Drawing her lance breaking sword, she charged with a shout. The dracoknight turned, and if he wasn’t wearing a mask his face would have shown recognition and surprise. Instead, all that happened was he hesitated, and Val brought her blade down, shattering his lance and cutting into his arm.

The wyvern reared up and Val fell back, the dragon’s action causing chilling fear to fill her once again, and the redhead forced a small, soft lump of poo into her underwear, the trembling returning. The dragon lowered itself and the man had a new lance in hand. Val desperately raised her lancebreaking blade, but the new lance was designed in such a way to counter axes and lancebreaking blades and in return his lance came down and shattered her sword. Val let out a whimper of fear and pushed another soft lump of poo into her panties, then lost complete control, wave after wave of soft mush involuntarily being forced into her underwear, her entire body shaking with fear as she stared up, weaponless, at the dragon rider.

She refused to give up, however, and she saw her opening. Leaping onto the side of the dragon and drawing her sword, she stabbed out, the new lance the rider had too weighty and unwieldy to block her blow, and her blade pierced his side. He coughed up blood, letting his lance fall to the side. His dragon roared but a hand from him calmed it. “I surrender. “ He managed, slumping over against Val. The redhead called for a cleric, blushing as she realized she was atop a dragon in such a way someone could look up her skirt and see her soiled underwear and quickly jumped down, leaning the man against his wyvern’s neck. A cleric quickly arrived, and she turned her attention to the last remaining forces.

Seeing Andrei return, she called, “Finish them off!” the remaining cavaliers and Andrei moved up, driving back the last forces before Andrei drew his secondary sword and made short work of the knight. Val desperately tried to compose herself, no longer trembling. The remains of her first accident had dried now, and the smell of her second one was mixed in with the strong smell of death that filled the battlefield. None of the other women on the battlefield had fared better in that regard either, so she hoped her accident would go unnoticed. If anyone found out…thinking of her reaction to the archer’s accident earlier, Val felt her face go as red as her hair and revised her opinion, walking carefully back towards the temporary command center so as not to spread her mess around worse than it already was.

Slaying the Son

Val stood at the head of the makeshift strategy table, looking over the map displayed upon it. It showed the layout of the fortress, and where enemy troop placements were expected. The area itself was immensely foggy, so they had to plan their movements carefully. Communication between units would be next to impossible, and they wouldn’t spot the enemy until the enemy had engaged them. This would be one of their most important fights, the enemy forces lead by Bran’s son Matthias, one of the two remaining leaders of the forces opposing the Olvan army and its allies. Kane, the one of the former Emperor’s sons and if she had it her way, her future husband, stood behind her, a small smile on his face as he watched her deep in thought.

The redhead was torn out of her thoughts, however, when a voice came from the entrance to the tent. “E-excuse me, can I come in?” Turning, Val didn’t recognize the voice and placed her hand on the hilt of her sword, Rose’s Thorn, just in case. “Go ahead.” She replied. The tent flap opened and Thelma, the most recent addition to their army enter. Thelma was a powerfully built woman, on par with Andrei. She was the only remaining heir to the throne of another country, one Bran had destroyed, but she hadn’t been brought up for the role, and felt she wasn’t ready for such a task. When she joined, she hadn’t realized the people she fought alongside was the future king and queen of Olva, and perhaps of even more of the world. Now, she wanted a proper introduction, but nerves were getting the better of her.

She cursed herself for stuttering as she entered, and she felt like she was barely in control of her muscles as she approached Val and offered her hand to shake. “My name is Thelma. You already know my heritage, but we never were properly introduced, Lady Val.” Thelma couldn’t help it, her gaze strayed to the slight cleavage Val’s uniform dressed exposed, then to the redhead’s long white legs, barely covered by the short skirt of her uniform. She was so pretty… The black haired woman was so nervous and entranced she didn’t even notice the warmth that had already started flowing down her legs as her complete loss of anything resembling control of her muscles took its toll on her full bladder and began soaking her tight grey pants.

Val couldn’t help but giggle as Thelma lost control in front of her. She was so cute! The redhead shot a questioning glance at Kane, who took a moment to register what she wanted and gave her a resigned nod. Val’s grin grew even wider, and she turned back to the dazed princess. She pressed forward, pushing Thelma up against the wall of then tent, and fiercely brought her lips to the hero’s. Her hands first groped the more muscled woman’s firm breast’s, then moved down lower, one hand reaching into her pants and beginning to rub Thelma through her wet panties as the hero continued to wet herself. The other one pressed against the hero’s stomach expertly, and the woman was in no condition to control anything. Her bowels followed her bladder, and Val’s hand reached around to Thelma’s bottom, groping it as she pleasured the hero through her wet and now messy panties.

Thelma was completely unprepared for the assault of sensations she suffered. It just started to dawn on her she was wetting herself when the queen forced her against the wall, kissing and groping her. She was immediately filled with ecstasy, unable and unwilling to resist at all. A moment later she groaned as her bowels were forced to evacuate, soft, wet mush pushing its way out and filling her smallclothes, forming a soft casing around the contours of her body as it spread upwards and outwards, escaping from the top and bottom of her panties and beginning to fill her pants with wet mush as well. Thelma couldn’t bring herself to care at all, however, the pleasure coursing through her as Val fingered her as she wet and messed herself was too much. It wasn’t long before she rocked with an orgasm, her dazed body finally collapsing and consciousness fading.

Valentine lowered Thelma gently to the ground, panting herself. She could feel the clinging wetness in her panties after that show, and she carefully left the hero on the ground and moved over to Kane.

“Lady Valentine....” the knight said, his voice hesitant. “I am still not sure how I should take that.”

“Kane, you have nothing to worry about.” Valentine replied. “You have my heart, and more importantly right now, something that other women cannot provide me.” To press her meaning, Val rubbed up against him with a soft whimper.

Kane smiled slightly, nodding. “I suppose I see your point, my lady. Let me help you with that.”

The next day, a recovered Thelma stood beside Kane’s horse, which carried both its owner and his beloved. The rest of their forces were moving up with them, and things were going smoothly so far. The rest of the contingent included Andrei, another male hero(Jace) and berserker(Hawke), Kieran, the wyvern knight they had captured so long ago, a pair of orange haired female twins, Claire and Gemma, a mounted healer and pegasus knight respectively, and the cleric from the same earlier battle, Katarina, now the likely future wife of Andrei. Emilia, a brown haired and attractive rebel soldier that had joined forces with them fought as well. Laraya, the queen of another country that joined their forces, distinguished by her long green hair and masterful swordsmanship. Lastly, Ash, Valentine’s younger brother, and Alicia, his own lover, joined them. The pair were mages, Ash a dark magic user and Alicia a more traditional elemental mage.

They dispatched the enemy forces with practiced ease, eventually making their way into the inner stronghold of the castle. Then everything went wrong. As they approached the throne room, the gallop of hooves was audible on the keep’s floor, and Val and her forces turned to see a squad of paladin’s charging them, their deadly brave lances sparkling in the torchlight. “Everyone, prepare to receive charge, now!!!” Val shouted. There was barely time to react, but her forces moved, forming up.

Mid movement, however, eight heroes and four sages became visible in the middle of their formation, and swords, axes, and fireballs lashed out everywhere, the formation crumbling. Even worse, she could hear the doors to the throne room opening, signaling Matthias’s impending arrival. “Kane, take us to head off the paladin’s! Andrei, you’re with us! Claire, Gemma, Katarina, Ash, deal with the sages! The rest of you hold off the heroes! Everything had been going so well, but now it was all falling apart.

Kane moved like lightning, his horse tearing across the field and intercepting one of the charging paladins, his shining silver axe lashing out and dislodging the man from his horse, a second blow severing his head with ease. Andrei moved to engage a pair of them, his personal weapon, a massive flamberge, set to receive a charge and piercing through one o the men’s horses, and the man’s heart as well. The other slammed his lance into Andrei’s armguard twice, knocking the hero back. Andrei drew a silver sword, his flamberge stuck in the other horse, as the mounted man drew out his own silver weapon. Scrambling to his feet, the prince engaged the mounted knight in a furious clash of silver.

The last paladin managed to successfully charge his target, and Claire let out a scream of fear as a brave lance slammed into her horse, knocking it asunder, the second blow spearing her out of the air with deadly accuracy. She fell back, bleeding heavily. She looked up at the knight, eyes wide with fear. Pee began to puddle beneath her, soaking her thin robes as she helplessly pissed herself, the warmth little comfort as the man’s lance stabbed out once again. She closed her eyes and desperately threw her hands up, but she knew she was doomed and there was nothing she could do to stop the fearful evacuation of her bowls, soft mush forcefully making its way into her smallclothes and filling them to the brim.

Val saw the last horseman’s charge and leaped off the back of Kane’s horse, drawing her personal weapon, the Rose’s Thorn. She could do nothing to stop the first pair of impacts, but as the knight reared back for a second blow, she took her sword in both hands and drove it into his back, hard. The man slumped over on his horse, lance falling limply from his hand, dead. Valentine let out a sigh of relief, seeing Claire would survive, at least for the moment.

The initial assault from the heroes and sages took several members out of commission immediately. A hero slammed his silver axe into Alicia’s side, and the mage stumbled back against the wall, clutching her bleeding side. Her bladder and bowels had already begun emptying themselves, her frail body unable to focus on anything but staying alive, desperately applying a salve as she completely soaked her robes, her black lace panties totally ruined between the eruption of pee and the rapidly expanding mushy bulge exploding from her rear. Ash retaliated in anger, tendrils of dark magic reaching out and grasping the enemy hero. Her face contorted in fear, and her bladder and bowels reacted similar to Alicia’s, her tight pants darkening and bulging out at the back as Ash’s magic squeezed the life out of her.

Another of the axe wielding heroes was taken out before he could do anything, the berserker eagerly taking to his orders and planting his killer axe directly in the man’s back, not even giving the hero a chance to strike anyone. Thelma reacted similarly, her own silver axe taking another enemy hero’s head clean off with a single swipe, her powerful muscles straining to perform a clean cut.

Gemma and Katarina were the only ones of the four told to take on the sages that succeeded on their task. Gemma took a lightning bolt to the face, but the magic resistance of the Pegasus mostly negated its sting, and she drove her half moon headed spear into the mage’s chest. Katarina unleashed a powerful hammer of divine magic, efficiently counterspelling the sage’s attempted fireball and neatly squishing the offending man’s head in with the divine hammer.

Gemma turned her attention to the next mage, who fired off several bolts of lightning. The girl managed to resist the first two, but the third sent a shock fully coursing through her body, and let out a moan of pain as the lighting caused her bladder to release, the flanks of the pegasus staining yellow as pee flowed down both its side form its rider. Its wings still moved, however, and Gemma was propelled forward into the sage, once again piercing them with her lance.

This one came prepared, however, and a contingency spell lashed out at Gemma, lighting bonds wrapping around her entire body and electricity coursing through all of her. She let out a piercing scream of pain, slumping against her pegasus as she convulsed, her hands no longer gripping the lance impaled in the sage in front of her and her bowels no longer holding back the flood of diarrhea that flowed from her rear, her panties, leggings, and the side of her mount turning completely brown as pure liquid mess flowed out of her, getting everywhere and causing a horrible mess as she convulsed.

Katarina cleanly dealt with the first of her two sages, but the second saw her expertise in magic and chose a different route. The woman moved up behind Katarina while she finished off the first sage, drawing a dagger and putting it to Katarina’s neck, grabbing her in a hostage position. “Drop the tome.” She told her.

Katarina let out a strangled gasp as she was grabbed, and the feeling of cold steel on her neck was too much. Her bladder and bowel controls collapsed at once, and she felt like a child as pee soaked her white dress, once again exposing her panties to the outside world. With a groan several firm logs followed suit, tenting out her panties and straining their limits as she forced more and more hard poo into her smallclothes.

Suddenly, the steel was gone, knocked aside by the tip of a lance. The sage turned to look, and felt herself scooped up in the claws of a large wyvern. Looking up at its gaping maw in terror, it opened its mouth and roared. She let out a fearful scream and lost control of everything as the wyvern reached down and bit her head off. Katarina felt the shower of pee, soaking the bishop’s own robes and exposing her bra as well, much to her dismay. She looked up in time to see the back of the sage’s robes turn dark brown, then the body be tossed aside by the wyvern. Kieran gave her a nod, pointed towards Claire, and took off again. Pulling herself together, the cleric rose, blushing fiercely at the completely ruined state of her clothes and picking up her tome, drawing a staff from her back and moving to heal the badly injured Claire.

Laraya spun as the hero’s appeared, and she dealt with one of the axe wielding heroes as well, silver blade slamming again and again into the man until he fell, all her strikes in the blink of an eye. All her speed didn’t help her, however, as a pair of heroes came in from either side, grabbing her and tearing her robe wide open, leaving her green bra and panties exposed. She let out a shriek, but one slammed his blade into her sword arm, rendering it useless. The other grabbed her by the shoulder and lifted her.

Her mind completely failed, the proud queen blubbering with fear as she was exposed and disabled before two brutes, her panties immediately soaking in liquid fear as her bladder gave out. Her bowels forcefully pushed soft, watery mess into her panties, and the back of her legs quickly became covered in watery trails of mess, her panties unable to contain the mess and sagging beneath it, the insides of her legs glistening with pee and poo. Thankfully, Jace appeared on one side and Kieran swooped down on the other, sword and spear respectively punching through a hero’s armor and slaying them. Laraya fell to the ground with a whimper, unable to do anything besides cower in fear. None of them had time to be disgusted with the queen, however, as the doors to the throne room opened and Matthias exited.

Emilia was locked in combat with another pair of heroes, her spear dancing between them as she parried blow after blow. Thelma’s axe crashed into one’s back, and without that one’s support, Emilia easily dispatched the other one with quick spear work. A little to the side, Hawke crushed the last hero to a bloody pulp, his body now covered in sword wounds but seemingly undaunted.

Matthias advanced into the room, and was immediately met with a charging dragon. Artifact sword still held in one hand, he drew a tomahawk with the other, expertly tossing the axe and slamming it right into Kieran’s lance shoulder, forcing the man to drop his lance and call off his attack. Jace and Hawke leaped at him, but he slapped them both back with ease, working the artifact sword like lightning. Both men collapsed in a heap. Emilia cam at him next, brave spear jabbing out rapidly.

She managed to spark a few strikes off his armor, cracks starting to appear in it, before his sword jabbed straight through her chest. She stumbled back, looking helplessly down in the hole in her chest, all control lost in a rush of fear and pain. Her tight leather leggings were soaked with pee, pooling in her metal boot and rising up in her thin metal armor. Her bowels violently emptied themselves, soft mush sagging out the back of her panties and pressing against her tight leggings and armor, spreading out and slowly coating the entirety of her legs. Ash, having treated Alisha, rushed to her side, staff glowing with healing.

Kane started to charge past Val but the redhead stopped him. “He’s mine!” she growled, and the knight reluctantly backed off. Drawing her brave sword, Val lunged at him, moving even faster than Matthias. His weakened armor gave way, and she cut him again and again, blood flowing from multiple wounds across his body. She narrowly avoided several hits, but Matthias caught her by surprise. He brought his knee up with the force of a hammer, slamming it into her. The sound of cracking ribs heralded the blow, and she stumbled back, bowels violently emptying into her panties.

Rude noises were audible as she helplessly pushed everything into her panties in one powerful wave, the garments sagging down immensely as his blow forced the entirety of her bowels out at once, her underclothes barely surviving the experience. She fell back on her bottom with a wet squish, and let out a whimper of fear as his sword tip pressed against her neck. “Surrender, you poor excuse for a queen.” She felt fear overtake her completely, and she stared up at him, trembling, her bladder forcefully emptying itself into her panties and puddling warmly around her, her legs glistening with pee as the puddle grew rapidly. “You disgusting child.” He commented, wrinkling his nose. “Not even potty trained, soiling yourself in an instant.”

His words were cut off, however, as a thrown axe from Thelma knocked his blade aside. Turning, he saw the hero draw her silver sword and leap at him, both hands on the blade, shouting “You will pay for what you did to my home! Unperturbed, he brought his artifact weapon up in a powerful parry, her blade slamming against it and shattering into bits. Letting go of his sword with one hand, he grabbed Thelma by the neck, raising her up and staring her in the face.

“Your country was weak, just as you are. I have no regrets about destroying it, and I will not regret destroying you.” Thelma struggled against his grip, desperately scrabbling at his hand, but it held firm. She began to choke, the strength draining from her body. Her arms went limp, and so did her sphincter. Pee sprayed out of her, soaking her gray leggings and flowing own everywhere, puddling beneath her. Her bowels loudly began to empty, a series of wet farts and sprays of diarrhea completely destroying the back of her pants and spraying brown muck everywhere, her accident very clearly on display for all to see, unlike some of the others. Her pants sagged with wet liquid as she continued to helplessly empty herself. “Just as bad as the other. Are all you queen’s so weak and lacking in control?”

Val, seeing Thelma’s attempt, slowly gathered herself. Despite her broken ribs, she quietly lifted herself to her feet, drawing Rose’s Thorn and lunging at Matthias. She used the same attack, both hands powering the thrust, as she had done on the paladin, and once again it pierced straight through its target, both Matthias’s armor and tough skin depleted of their resistance. He staggered back, dropping Thelma and clutching the wound, his mighty sword fallen to the ground; the battle was over.

Empress

It was a day of celebration. Val was dressed in fine robes, the same as her mother once more. She felt beautiful, she felt like a queen. It had already been a long day, with a great feast, a lengthy coronation, and she herself had a given a speech to her now officially subjects. Shel lay defeated, Matthias, Bran, and Legato were dead, and the continent was at peace once more. She couldn’t be happier. Her thoughts strayed to the man beside her, the axe wielding paladin who had led so many charges for her. The pair was sitting on a bench in the palace courtyard, enjoying the soft light of the setting sun. Before she could say anything, however, her uncle Rayden interrupted their quiet moment with his entrance.

She was not particularly happy about this, considering she had consumed copious amounts of food and drink and knew she didn’t have much longer until she lost it all. She would have like to do it with only Kane as company, but apparently she would not get that pleasure. Rising to greet her uncle, she put on a polite smile as he began to speak, on the inside desperately wishing she could hold herself. Most of his talk was dull and boring, but she was shocked out of her barely paying attention state by the mention of empress. “Truly!? You think I should be Empress!? But the last Emperor left such a bad mark on everyone…” As she spoke she realized she was wetting herself. The very thought of being Empress was too much for her bladder. “I know, but the people need a strong leader to rebuild. You are that strong leader Val. At least consider it. I’ll give you some time.” With that, he turned and walked away, leaving the courtyard once again.

Val let out a sigh of relief, desperately attempting to stem the flow of pee but to no avail. Soon, her dress was completely soaked, her legs glistening with urine and the grass beneath her freshly watered. Rayden’s eyes hadn’t strayed from her face, and she hoped he hadn’t noticed. She heard a chuckle from behind her, and turned to see a grinning Kane. “That was impressive Val. I’ve never seen you hold so long.” He walked over to her, putting his arm around her. “How are you feeling, after that?”

Val grinned up at him, but her attempt to speak was interrupted by a noisy fart and a small lump of poo making its way into her panties. Doubling over and clutching her bottom desperately, she wiggled for a moment before speaking. “I feel like I’m about to mess myself. I don’t think I can move. Carry me, please?”

“Of course, my lady.” He responded, taking Valentine by the back and bottom and lifting her up with ease. She groaned, but the pair made it most of the way towards their quarters before she let out a whimper and lost the fight, soft mess pushing itself into her panties and bulging them out, spreading everywhere thanks to the position of Kane’s hand.

“I’m sorry my lady, I wasn’t fast enough.” He said, still speaking in his formal, teasing manner.

Valentine refused to acknowledge his teasing, lost in thought for a moment. Finally, she spoke as he carried her into their room. “Kane, we’re getting married.” She declared. Her tone brooked no argument.

“Just what I’d expect from an Empress, a command. You’re already fitting the role.” He told her, grinning down. He easily tossed her onto the bed, then sat down beside her. “I will happily comply, my lady. I have just one request: try not to soil your white wedding gown too badly, alright?”

Val punched him in the shoulder as hard as she could. “Ass!”

*003*2016-12-23 00:39

{{4 hours ago, pp123 said:

Awesome,i loved these stories :) cant wait to see more

}}

Hey, thanks for commenting! I've been playing FE12 so there will probably be a couple short pieces from that game forthcoming in the near future, and I still need to finish Kagero stuff too.

*004*2016-12-24 22:40

I've been playing FE 12 so storiieesss. More forthcoming but I wrote these last night so may as well put them up. As usual, if I'm writing about something I'm excited about it and open to rp it, in this case FE1/3/11/12.

For reference, Chris/Kris is the default name for the game’s customizable character (the female default might actually be Chris as well but I like Kris better). My Kris is a red haired myrmidon/swordsmaster with long hair and a ponytail. The male Chris will be named Sun, and is a mounted axe knight(yes they don’t exist in this game but it’s who I’ve put with Sheema in other FE stuff) He grew up in a similar scenario to the normal avatar, but it was in the Altean friendly country of Grust instead of in Altea. Also, I’m going to treat Tiki as the adult version from awakening in this series of stories. If lolis are more your thing, feel free to ignore that treatment.

In the Dark of Night

Kris brought her sword around in a powerful two handed slice, severing the arm of the training dummy. She didn’t hesitate for a moment as the straw limb hit the ground, her body already turning, putting all the power behind a thrust into the heart of another dummy, sword stabbing through it entirely. Still putting all her strength behind it, she drew the sword in an upwards arc, cutting her way out of the dummy and fully rotating with the blade, hitting the dummy from the bottom and cutting upwards, completing the cut she started with her first upward movement.

Panting, she lowered her blade, scanning the field of fallen training dummies with satisfaction. Luke had already given up on keeping up with her and left for the night, but there was still plenty of oil in the lanterns, so she would continue. With a shudder she realized in the now dim lantern light that the field of dummies was somewhat hard to distinguish from an actual field of bodies. Another realization hit her at the same time: she really had to pee. Her stomach gave an unfriendly grumble as well, and she began to weigh her options of heading back to camp to use the prepared bathroom area or wandering into the woods a bit in the dark. Her thoughts were disrupted by another woman’s approach, however. The red haired cavalier she had become fast friends with, Cecille. Both of them shared fierce fighting styles and a dislike of the men in their squad, other than Lord Marth of course.

“I knew I’d find you still out here, Kris.” Cecille said with a smile, approaching her friend. “If you’d have me, I’d like to join you in training.” Kris barely had time to nod before Cecille started off on some other topic, something about recent rumors. The other knight retrieved a practice sword, talking all the while. Kris would have liked to pay attention, but right now she was too distracted, crossing her legs and biting back a whimper of desperation. If only Cecille didn’t have such poor timing. Suddenly Cecille was up against her, training sword dropped almost as soon as it was acquired. “Kris, did you hear that?”

“Hear what Cecille? I didn’t hear anything strange. Now paying attention, a few moments later she heard a low moan carry on the wind. Cecille looked terrified, and now her arms were around Kris and holding onto her tightly. The myrmidon winced as a few drops leaked into her panties from the squeezing, her body losing control as Cecille applied pressure. “Cecille, let go of me! Don’t tell me you’re scared of a few noises! It’s probably just the wind.” Kris didn’t sound too sure even to herself, her voice shaky from desperation and the slight fear she had heard something.

“No, there’s definitely something out there! Probably a ghost of or something! I told you, there’s been rumors of a ghost haunting the camp at night!” Cecille protested. Suddenly, Kris heard the moaning again, this time louder and seemingly closer. There was definitely something out there. Another sound was audible even with the moaning, however. A trickling sound. Kris looked down, and she saw that Cecille’s pants were darkening. The girl was wetting herself at the noise! Kris couldn’t help but be a bit disgusted, despite being so close to her own accident. “It’s closer! It’s going to get us!” Cecille was in full panic mode, the dark brown cloth of her training breeches quickly becoming soaked as her bladder fearfully released into them. The warmth was a bit comforting as it encompassed the entirety of her legs and bottom. She squeezed Kris tighter, crying “We’re doomed!”

Kris struggled against her grasp, but her body couldn’t take the squeezing any more. She turned red as first a fart escaped, and though she managed to clamp down on that, her bladder was no so cooperative. She helplessly began to pee herself, her overflowing bladder forcefully emptying into her leggings, soaking the front and back of her long skirt and the entirety of her leggings, leaving an icky warm feeling all along her toned legs. Silently cursing her own weakness, she once again attempted to free herself from Cecille’s grasp.

From her perch on a nearby tree, Norne could barely contain her laughter. The stuck up knight ladies were scared of a few noises in the night. So scared they were peeing themselves! Apparently they didn’t house train their noble ladies, even the ones they sent to battle. She couldn’t wait to get Luke, Draug, and Michalis to intercept them on the way to camp. Luke would never let them live it down, and she figured Draug would appreciate the view of the two disheveled girls, even if he would protest he only had interest in her. Michalis seemed to have taken an interest in Kris, and the myrmidon seemed completely impressed by the man, even more so than Marth, yet was feisty and combative with him. He would surely enjoy holding this over her head. Suppressing her giggles, Norne nocked a special arrow into her bow and raised it, firing it behind the two distracted women.

Kris finally managed to free herself from Cecille’s grasp. She could feel her sphincter muscles quivering, barely holding back an even worse accident. “What’s wrong with you!? You’re cowering against me and pissing yourself like a child!?” Kris shouted at Cecille, angry at being forced to have an accident by the woman. “There’s nothing out there, get-“ the myrmidon’s shouting was cut off by a loud series of bangs as Norne’s arrow went off behind them in a brilliant burst of light and sound.

Cecille’s scream was audible even over the sound of Norne’s arrow. She fell back on her bottom, curling up into the fetal position. Fear coursed through her and what little was left in her bladder released in a small spurt, her bowels following suit. Soft mess flowed into her panties, wave after wave, the back of her breeches bulging out and sagging heavily as she helpless defecated in her pants, completely incoherent with fear. Kris didn’t fare much better, letting out girly scream, a sound that would have surprised most her knew of her tomboy nature, and she stumbled backwards, trembling, back against a tree. Her sphincter didn’t stand a chance, and wet diarrhea escaped with a loud “ppffbblltt” , hot liquid poo spraying from her and immediately destroying the back of her panties, the disgusting liquid quickly filling her leggings, soaking down the entirety of her legs and staining her skirt brown as well as she helplessly pushed wave after wave of liquid shit into her leggings.

Norne couldn’t stop the giggling this time, but she figured neither of them would be able to hear it over the sound of her arrow and their messy accidents. Slinging her bow over her shoulder, the pink haired archer vanished as stealthily as she had appeared, off to find Draug and Luke.

A few minutes later, both girl’s had finally finished relieving themselves in their garments. Kris’s skirt and leggings were completely destroyed, coated in brown muck, not to mention her barely recognizable panties. The front of her leggings didn’t escape either, completely soaked in pee. Cecille’s breeches fared little better, a massive sagging bulge spread about the bottom from her fearful fall to her bottom and the entirety of the rest of it soaked with urine. The two girls looked at each other, still trembled slightly and waiting for the fear to wear off. Finally, Kris spoke. “Not a word of this, to anyone, ever.”

“Agreed.” Cecille responded. The two girls rushed off towards camp, unaware a certain trio of men were waiting for them.

Liberation of Grust

“My men are not expendable!” Sheema growled at Samson as the pair moved to the raised throne room that overlooked the Grustian keep, soldiers swarming about as they took up positions. About half their number were green recruits, fighting because of their dedication to Sheema and nothing else. The other half were battle hardened Archanean troops, eagerly awaiting the chance to do battle with Altea’s elite knights. Dracoknights lay in wait in alcoves near the fort, awaiting the arrival of the Altean forces to ambush them as they assaulted the fort. The positioning was as good as the Grustian forces could ask for, but Sheema wasn’t satisfied.

She wanted to be fighting on Prince Marth’s side right now, not against him. If only she hadn’t been dumb enough to allow Hardin to manipulate her into becoming queen. She reached the upraised throne area, carefully sitting on the throne despite her heavy armor and gripping the arms of the throne tightly. If only Marth could be convinced to leave her people alive and simply slay these Archaneans. She would simply have to hope the stories of his kind heart were true, and he wouldn’t slay the weak, useless recruits that had insisted on fighting for her.

The queen sat for a while, Samson loyally beside her, and eventually she started to fidget slightly. It was hard to notice thanks to her heavy armor, but she couldn’t stop. She had to pee. Would the damn Altean’s hurry up and get here already!? But they seemed to be taking their time. Eventually, it was too much. Unwilling to cross her legs or show some sign of weakness, Sheema could feel her muscles start to give out. A trickle of pee started to make its way out, dampening her clean white panties and slowly saturating them before beginning to pool beneath her and soon trickle down her leg.

Eventually, the trickle became a stream as she fully began wetting herself. The black bodysuit she wore beneath her plate armor quickly became soaked with pee, the area around her rear particularly bad. Eventually the flow ended and she felt her face go red, looking around to make sure no one had noticed. Luckily no one had, even Samson looking bored and distracted. Her armor did a good job containing the accident, though she could feel a bit of pee filling her boots and the uncomfortable sticky warm sensation of her legs and bottom being covered in pee. Adjusting for a moment, she turned even brighter red when she realized the feeling was rather arousing. After a few minutes sitting like this she wanted nothing more than to take her spear and grind herself against it. Unfortunately, she had to bear it.

A few hours later she could feel the need to pee again, and the cold material of her soaked body suit wasn’t helping this wait be any more pleasant. At least the arousal had faded to a dull throb for the moment. Suddenly, she heard people moving, and soldiers began rushing to their positions. Soon enough, a roar sounded from the gates, and a massive red dragon came crashing through, a swarm of soldiers, some on foot and some mounted, followed. A trio of white Pegasi soared above, led by a dracoknight. Another pegasi flew with them, Prince Marth mounted on the back behind Caeda, shouting orders.

The armies leading ranks, two sword wielding paladins and a red haired swordsmaster, tore into the fighters in the leading ranks of Archaneans, their silver blades quickly making short work of the axemen. The archers on the parapet popped up to open fire, but a hail of javelins from Minerva and the Whitewings sent them diving for cover, more often than not with a javelin sticking from their body. The wyvern and its pegasus companions descending on the parapet with a massive burst of wind and wingbeats, Iote’s shield shining fiercely on Minerva’s arm, the tough hide of her dragon absorbing any fired arrows with nary a scratch. The redhead looked like a goddess of battle descending upon the archers, and Sheema couldn’t help but feel sorry for the Archaneans.

The Altean troops pressed forward easily, a massive blue haired berseker taking the lead, tearing through the snipers positioned in the ground area. The dracoknights desperately swooped in from flanking to try and catch the Altean’s by surprise, one squad targeting the cavalry, ridersbanes ready, while the others targeted the tall green haired woman that had formerly been a red dragon. Tiki stood, panting with effort, clutching the fading fire dragonstone. Her body was that of an adult, but her mind still often was that of a child, and she turned to see assailants swooping towards her, reacting with a fearful yelp.

Pee sprayed out of her, lightly soaking her red dress and coating her shapely legs in a thing yellow coating. Out of nowhere, however, a mage with an impressive hat soared through the air, riding the wind like it was as easy as a simple stroll. He raised his hands and shouted “Excalibur!” Blades of wind coalesced all around the dracoknights, and suddenly the entire squad turning to shredded flesh as thousands of blades of winds tore them to bits.

The other dracoknight squad fared little better. Separating out from the cavalry, a horseman with a second rider sheathed his sword and drew a massive bow. The girl riding behind him leaped off, rolling with the impact and coming up holding her own bow. In an instant, Draug and Norne filled the sky with deadly arrows, the dracoknights swerving and scattering to avoid the onslaught, only to be picked off by javelins, carefully aimed arrows, or spells from the cleric supporting the cavalry.

Sheema grimaced. They were losing. There was no other way about it. Much to her happiness, the cowering Grustian soldiers, most who had tossed their weapons aside in surrender, were being ignored. She even saw one girl she knew, one who had been an eager volunteer, with an athletic build and short brown hair, perhaps even a promising soldier given time, go under attack by an Archean soldier for her cowardice. A brown haired man, mounted on a particularly large horse, moved to save her, his massive two handed axe decapitating the offending soldier. Sheema was overjoyed to see the Alteans actively saving her subject, but the girl didn’t seem to share her joy. She curled up in a fearful ball, her leather breeches quickly soaking with urine, the back bulging out with a brown lump as she looked up at the massive horse and its rider in fear. He offered his hand to her but she shied away, and he clearly let out a sigh before hefting his axe and turning his attention to the enemies once again.

Sheema rose, taking her shining silver lance in her hand. Her suit was still a bit uncomfortable, but it didn’t matter now. They would soon breech the keep, and she would meet them.

This time, the gate was wooden, and a massive fireball crashing through it heralded the Altean army’s arrival. It seemed, however, most of them were cleaning up elsewhere, as only the cavalry entered. The pair of sword paladins engaged the fighters that guarded the throne area, the more elite axemen actually posing a challenge to the pair, killer axes striking deadly arcs towards the mounted swordsmen. A shriek and the splattering sound of a cascade of pee hitting the ground indicated a very close miss on the red haired female paladin. At least her breeches were brown instead of white. Smart woman.

Samson had his axe in hand, and he rushed forward to meet the enemy axe knight, who’s face was hidden by a great helm. Within the first few blows it was clear Samson was overmatched, but he refused to give up, and the axe knight seemed reluctant to land a truly injuring or lethal blow.

The swordsmaster that accompanied the cavalry, long red hair tied in a ponytail behind her, leaped forward towards Sheema. “In the name of Prince Marth, surrender!” she cried out. Sheema responded with a powerful thrust of her lance, driving the swordswoman back. The two traded blows, several sword strikes bouncing off Sheema’s heavy armor, before the swordswoman stepped fully in close within the arc of Sheema’s lance, grinning confidently. Sheema quickly wiped the grin off her face however, letting go of her lance with one hand and bringing her fist slamming right into the woman’s gut with the all her strength. Red found out the hard way that Sheema was a strong woman indeed, on par with Minerva or Luke.

The punch sent her reeling backward, stumbling and barely holding on to her sword. Kris felt her bowels react to the punch to the gut, forcibly evacuating. It came out in hard chunks, one after another, her pink panties bulging out beneath her swordsmaster’s robe as she helplessly filled them with shit from the power of the blow. She groaned, looking up just in time to see the butt of the lance slam into her head, sending her flying backwards and causing her to lose her sword, the weapon clattering a good distance away from her. Sheema approached, pointing the silver tip of her lance to Kris’s neck. Kris’s eyes teared up, fear overtaking her. “Please don’t…” she whimpered, and a loud hissing sound was audible as she soaked her panties and robes, a large yellow puddle forming underneath her as she cowered.

Suddenly, Sheema heard Samson cry out, and she turned to see the axe knight slam the side of his axe blade into the hero’s head, knocking him across the room in a heap. The knight turned his attention to Sheema, and she spun her spear away from the defeated swordsmaster, bringing it ready to repel a charge. And charge he did. The axe flashed down once, faster than she could react, and it chopped the head off her spear. She still slammed the tipless pole into him, and he staggering, the wind knocked out of him, but that was all. He came forward again, and Sheema moved nimbly despite her bulky armor, rolling backwards and snatching up the metal bow from one of the fallen warriors. She went to fire, but he was already on her. His axe came crashing towards her, and she desperately raised the bow to block.

The axe dug into it with a sickening crunch, but it stopped, the metal bow holding fast. Still, Sheema’s body had already reacted to the axe arcing towards her head, and for the second time that day a cascade of pee, this time starting out as a full-fledged waterfall, soaked into her suit and rapidly filled her armor. She could feel the warm liquid rise, filling the tight plate. The warmth was trapped around her, enveloping her crotch and bottom as her armor just barely contained the accident, and she felt herself shoot to the brink of a climax almost immediately as the warmth suffused her. Distracted from the battle, she gulped when she turned to see the pointed tip of an axe directly at her throat. Her anus quivered, and the beginning of a log of poo snaked its way into her panties, not quite dropping out but making itself known. She managed to clamp down on further fear reaction for the moment, at least.

She wanted to say something but couldn’t find the words as Samson rose from his crumpled heap, bleeding badly, grabbed his axe, and lunged towards he axe knight. He was intercepted by a blur of red, the swordsmaster also recovered. The two exchanged a fierce series of blows, before she heard the voice of Prince Marth. “Cease this fighting at once! The battle is over! Leave them alive!” When the two continued to trade blows, Marth motioned to the massive divine dragon beside him. Tiki let out a roar, the entire building shaking and a few loose stones falling from the ceiling.

The two immediately stopped fighting, and Kris would have probably soiled herself all over again if there was anything left in her. The axe knight lowered his weapon as well. Sheema, unfortunately, still had some left in her, and she groaned as the log forced its way into her panties, her muscles reacting with involuntary fear at the draconic roar. Another log made its way into her panties then another. Soon the mess was too much for the tight bodysuit and spread everywhere, slowly coating her as it was constrained by the tight armor. She let out an involuntary moan as the accident brought her to a climax, and she kept it as a quiet as possible as her juices mixed with her the pee already filling her armor. Somehow, the suit managed to contain everything, and she showed no signs of an accident on a battlefield already filled with the smells of messy accidents.

The axe knight slid his axe back over his shoulder and dismounted his horse, offering her his hand. She gladly took it, awkwardly pulling herself to her feet, feeling the liquid slosh around and the mess move as well. “Who are you, Sir Knight?” she asked curiously. The man reached up and removed his great helm, and Sheema gasped in surprise. “Sun!” she cried, and embraced the knight in front of her. The queen had grown up in a small Grustian village, the bastard daughter of the king hidden away so he didn’t have to deal with her.

Sun had been one of her childhood friends in that village; he had protected her from bullies and been there for her for a long time before he set off as a mercenary. Apparently he had joined the Altean army. Her heart leapt at seeing him again, and she hugged him tightly, tears forming in the corner of her eyes. “I missed you so much…” His powerful arms wrapped around her as well, but he was surprisingly short, head only slightly above breast level on the tall Sheema.

Perhaps that was why he had a chosen a horse; he had never been much for running long distances either. He could likely feel the squish of her accident beneath her armor, but she didn’t care at all. She was just glad to have him back. “I missed you too…” he replied, his voice muffled by her crushing embrace. “You’ve certainly grown up. You truly fit the role of queen, my lady.” She felt herself being pulled down, even her powerful strength overshadowed by the axe knights, and when he brought her lips to his, she eagerly pressed him into a kiss.

Payback

Kris was angry. Taking her seat with Cecille at the table where strategy for the next battle was to be discussed, both women were fuming. Luke had accidently let it slip who had caused the highly embarrassing ghost incident, and both women wanted payback. At the moment, however, both women needed to use the bathroom quite badly. Unknown to them, Norne’s antics continued, and their training waterskins had been spiked with some rather powerful drugs. Much to Kris’s dismay, there was no time to stop after morning training.

Soon Marth and Jagen had arrived, and all the officers were gathered. Kris was barely paying attention as the conversation progressed, however, too busy crossing her legs and holding herself as discreetly as possible. She didn’t want to have another publicized accident! Cecille didn’t look like she was faring much better, the cavalier squirming around with increasing intensity as the meeting progressed. After a while, Kris knew she was reaching her limits. She couldn’t hold both these urges at once. The second would be easier to hide, she decided. Raising her bottom up slightly from the seat, she reluctantly relaxed her anus, and in an instant poo began to flow out. Soft mush filled her panties, expanding from there and coating her legs beneath her leggings, too much for her panties to contain. Carefully sitting back down in her own mess, Kris felt herself blushing fiercely, and hoped no one would notice the smell. At least she could hold her pee a bit better now.

Cecille didn’t last more than a minute longer. She turned red, let out a small gasp, and lowered her head, biting her lip and holding back tears. A loud hissing emanated from her, and a yellow puddle formed beneath her on the chair, spilling off onto the ground. Her brown breeches were more than soaked, however, as everyone now paying attention to her heard the crackling sound as her bowels fully released, wave after wave of soft muck expanding her panties and spreading along her bottom, coating it and leaving a sagging bulge in her pants. At least the smell would be attributed to her and not Kris.

“Let me take her to clean up.” Kris said, carefully rising. Marth nodded and averted his eyes, continuing the discussion with the others. Kris helped Cecille to her feet, leading the sniffling girl from the room. They made it most of the way through camp before Norne spotted them, sneaking up behind Kris and shouting “Boo!” Kris let out a yelp, and pee sprayed from her, soaking her leggings in an instant and leaving a telltale puddle beneath her. Spinning around angrily, she yelled, “Damn it Norne, leave us alone!”

The pink haired girl giggled and fled, vanishing into the midst of tents that made up the camp. Kris growled and gave chase, the somewhat recovered Cecille following, also enraged by the pink haired girl. Both girls awkwardly chased Norne, who seemed to be leading them on. The whole time, the drugs did their work, and both girls needed to go again by the time they cornered Norne inside the armory tent.

The pink haired girl defender herself, moving faster than both the myrmidon and the cavalier. Her fists weren’t particularly strong, but they struck again and again, and Cecille doubled over with a groan, pee soaking her trousers for the second time, the fabric barely holding itself together as she helplessly flooded it for the second time in an hour. Unfortunately, Norne slipped over the practice equipment the pair had left in their rush to reach the meeting, cursing as she fell. Kris leaped into action as Norne fell, rushing forward and pinning the pink haired girl to the ground. Cecille finished peeing herself and joined her, glaring down at Norne. “I’m such a klutz…” Norne muttered.

“What do you think you’re doing, harassing us like this!” Cecille complained.

“I’m not doing anything, you two don’t need my help to pee all over yourselves.” Norne replied. With a growl, Cecille pressed forcefully against Norne’s stomach. Kris could barely hold it herself, and a stream of pee was trickling down her leggings. Norne squirmed against the pressure, but soon let out a quiet whimper and lost control. Her pink shorts darkened with pee as her bladder was forced to evacuate, the material turning filmy and slightly translucent. Another push, and a pbbllrrtt could be heard from her bottom as soft mess was forced into her shorts. It piled up in her pink panties, bulging the back of her shorts out and soaking through a bit, leaving a very visible brown lump in the back of her shorts. Kris’s own bladder couldn’t take it anymore at the sound of Norne’s loss of control, and her puddle mingled with Norne’s as pee soaked her leggings once again and rewarmed her likely ruined clothes.

Suddenly, both Cecille and Kris felt themselves lifted in the air by the back of their necks. “What the hell do you two think you’re doing!?” a man’s voice shouted, and neither of them recognized it. Cecille immediately lost it, accosted by an unknown man in the middle of camp, probably an enemy. Her bowels forcibly pushed another wave of shit into her panties, this wave wet and sticky, pushing out of her already full panties and coating her legs, filling her already soiled breeches with a horrible mess.

They would definitely be unsalvageable. Kris turned, bowels quivering, and saw Draug, face a mask of rage at catching them assaulting his girlfriend. She had never seen the peaceful man angry before. That would explain the unrecognizable shout. With a shudder she began messing herself as well, afraid of what the powerful man might do when finally angry. Wet, sticky mess flowed from her as well, overflowing her similarly full panties and spreading out through her leggings, coating her entire lower body in sticky mess. Her clothes wouldn’t be salvageable either.

Thankfully, Norne moved to their rescue, wrapping her arms around Draug to calm him down. “Stop, stop. Put them down, silly.” Draug’s expression softened, and he dropped the two, both girls landing on their bottoms with an unceremonious wet splat. Norne bent down to Kris’s ear and whispered “You owe me now. I’ll be collecting later.” The myrmidon could only nod helplessly, still terrified. Norne turned back to Draug. “Don’t worry about them, I need to clean up.” She gave him her cutest face, and he nodded, scooping up the pink haired archer. He turned to leave, and Norne poked her head over his shoulder, sticking out her tongue at the pair as Draug left the tent with her.

*006*2016-12-25 17:41

{{16 hours ago, R.M.T.B. said:

Nice update, but may I request more stories in the Awakening time?

}}

Yay, more comments. Hmmm, Awakening. Haven't been playing that game recently, although I do part of a omorashi retelling of it lying around. Maybe I'll write a Christmas thing for it. I still have a bunch more ideas for FE12 and Kagero stuff to do, I'll try and throw in some awakening stuff as well.

Also, for those of you actually familiar with FE1/3/11/12 all mentions of Grust should be Gra, i believe. I can't keep the two straight for some reason.

*007*2017-01-01 17:59

Padded Princess

(Despite normally hating diaper stuff, for some reason I feel the desire to write some stuff with them, so bear with me I guess. This story is set in the Staff of Ages Fire Emblem hack, and for those of you who enjoy Fire Emblem hacks this is another one you should check out. It’s not finished like Requim was, but eventually it will be, and what’s there currently is worth playing. Also, to my own amusement, I originally named this padded pegasi, then realized that sounded wayyyy to much like an MLP story so I changed it >.>Finally, as usual open to rp in the setting and look forward to any comments!)

Belle sat next to her mother at the meeting of lords, bored out of her mind. She would rather be out fighting than sitting here discussing the state of the country, especially when that state was so dismal. The queen was speaking confidently despite the countries troubles, and Belle at least had confidence her mother would do what was best. Her royal guard and closest friend, Oona, stood behind her. The princess herself shared her mother’s looks, long light blue hair and a wiry build, along with a fierce expression and determination to spare. Oona was built more like a traditional woman, curves in all the right places and a pretty face, long red hair tied up in a ponytail behind her head. Her appearance was misleading however, as she was one of the best, if not the best fighters in the palace. Hence her assignment to the princess herself. Likely only Seneca was better, the queen’s personal guard who was not present at the moment.

The country was currently experiencing a variety of troubles. Bandit incursions and lack of resources were a start, but the real problem was the Arynden’s. The country had a much greater military force, and it had been harassing border forts, claiming them as Aryden land. The queen’s actions to stop this were minor, since she could not afford to cause war with Aryden. This lack of action was, however, causing public approval and confidence in the queen, even among other lords, to falter significantly. The Arynden’s were well aware of this fact, and their leader, an archsage of great power, had a plan to make it worse.

As the queen and her daughter sat in their meeting, he put the finishing touches on a powerful ritual, a shroud of magic falling over the entire country, particularly heavily over the queen and her daughter. The large size was a requisite of the ritual, and it weakened the control of all the females within the country. Its primary targets, however, were the queen and her daughter, the spell rapidly filling them up as well. The effects were noticeable immediately, Belle’s mother pausing and crossing her legs before continuing, Belle herself desperately trying to stay calm as she suddenly had to go in the middle of an important meeting. She had gone beforehand and everything! If the Aryden’s magic worked as planned the queen and her daughter would embarrass themselves and crush any remaining confidence the people and lords had in them. And weakening a portion of their military in the process couldn’t hurt.

The queen finished speaking, another noble starting his own rant. Belle’s eyes couldn’t help but stray to her mother’s fidgeting legs, realizing her mother was in the same situation she was in. They must have been drugged or something, there was no way this was a coincidence. She turned, about to speak up and interrupt the noble, but out of the corner of her eye she saw her mother’s head lower, her face red, and she stifled a gasp. None of the other lords could see, but the queen’s white dress was turning yellow, her bladder no longer able to be held back. Pee soaked the expensive fabric, puddling around her bottom and spilling out onto the floor. The lightest of crackling sounds was audible only to Belle and Oona, but she could hear the sound of her mother shitting herself as well. Soft mess expanded from beneath the queen’s bottom, coating her white panties and the backside of her dress, her backside quickly caked in mess.

Belle was horrified, at a complete loss for words. She looked over at Oona with a face full of horror, her own needs fighting to get the best of her as well. She felt a leak wet her panties, and desperately clamped down, cutting it off before it got worse. Oona looked worried as well, but she changed to a comforting smile at Belle’s horrified look and put her arm on Belle’s shoulder, squeezing it comfortingly. Belle immediately relaxed in her best friend’s grasp, horror fading. That relaxation was the last straw, however, and her weakened muscles stop holding it as Oona comforted her.

Pee soaked her white panties, spilling out from under her armored skirt and soaking the chair beneath her, pee streaming down the sides of her chair and puddling on the ground. A few heads looked over at her curiously from the sound of her more powerful release, but no one could see anything for sure. Belle blushed brightly, and felt her bowels move as well, thankfully quietly. A firm bulge forced its way into her panties, expanding until it tested the limit of her underwear’s fabric, staining the back of her skirt brown.

The eyes on her faded momentarily as the man speaking made a loud declaration, but once silence fell the only sound that was audible was the lowest of cracklings as Belle continued to mess herself. The room was starting to smell a bit as well, and one of the nobles looked around with indignation. “What is that smell?” he asked, searching for its source. Suddenly, a bright light filled the room, blinding everyone. Belle stifled a gasp and felt a warm wave of pee soak her panties yet again. It wasn’t too much, but she shouldn’t have had anything left. Her mother reacted with surprise as well, letting out a short scream. Luckily, the sound covered up the fart she released as another wave of mess pushed into her panties, badly staining the back of her dress and worsening her already soiled state. “I’m sorry, my shine tome must have malfunctioned.” Oona said, speaking from behind Belle.

“The meeting will have to be adjourned for now. We can finish this discussion on another day.” She spoke with such confidence, combined with her commanding tone, that the other nobles simply accepted it as what was happening. They began to rise and try and make their way out of the brilliant room. Before any of them got very far, however, Seneca rushed in to the room, alerted by the queen’s scream. He knew the layout perfectly, just like Oona, and he easily avoided nobles, vaulting over the council table and landing beside the queen. “What’s happening are you all right?” he asked.

“Y-yes, I’m safe.” The queen replied. The nobles quickly filed out of the room, and when they left, Belle heard the sound of the door shutting, and the light faded. Oona stood by the door, slipping her shine tome back into her pocket. “Seneca, take the queen through the secret passage back to her room. I’ll do my best to hide Belle as we make our way back to hers. As few people as possible should know of this.” Seneca looked momentarily confused, then understanding dawned as he looked at the blushing, embarrassed faces of the princess and her mother. “I…alright.” His nose wrinkled at the smell, and he didn’t look happy, but he took the queen by the arm, helping her rise, and lead her to the wall, moving a painting aside and triggering a secret passage, the door closing behind him as he vanished into it with the queen in tow.

“We can travel to the royal wing through passages, but you’ll have to stay close the rest of the way. We don’t want to let out the fact you…completely soiled yourself at a council meeting.” Oona’s voice faltered at the statement, but she seemed more overcome with worry about Belle than disgusted. Belle was still completely in shock, but she rose and obediently took Oona’s offered hand. She had lost control at a council meeting! So had her mother! What would people say if they found out neither the queen nor her daughter were potty trained!? They were already displeased, this could be an absolute nightmare!

She followed Oona’s lead in a daze, the redheaded troubadour’s face creased with worry as the had to lead the pegasus knight along. They exited the secret passage, Oona moving her body to block the view of Belle in an attempt to hide her accident. They made it most of the way without incident, Oona’s glare warding away curious passerbys, but one servant girl strayed too close, stepping out of the way for someone else to pass, and let out a gasp. It was clear she spotted the telltale brown stain on the back of Belle’s armored skirt, but a vicious glare from Oona silenced her and she fled, leaving a small puddle behind her in fear. The royal guard hoped the servant girl would keep quiet, but it was unlikely. This could not happen again. She knew what she needed to do.

Locking the door behind her, Oona led Belle to a bathtub, already prepared for her by a mage. The princess was still in a daze, but Oona took it in stride, carefully undressing the princess, as usual resisting the urge to drink in her beautiful, toned body, and helped her into the tub. Touching the hot water seemed to restore the princess after a moment, and she turned to Oona, snatching the washcloth from her hand. “I can bathe myself!” she snapped, the embarrassment converting to anger, as expected of the fiery princess. Oona let out a smile of relief at her return to normal and stood back. Belle bathed in silence for a few minutes, then spoke up quietly. “Oona…what happened there. That can’t have been a coincidence.”

“I have no idea, princess.” Oona replied. “Perhaps you and your mother’s meal didn’t agree with you. There’s no way it could have been drugged, I scanned it myself. As much as I hate to say it, I think it’s likely the responsibility lies with you and your mother, not outside forces.”

Belle blushed hotly, turning angrily. “What!? I’ve never done something like that before! Well…nothing as serious as that…” she added, a bit quieter, remembering a variety of accidents while she learned to fly her pegasus. Flying was scary! “Still, you can’t believe both me and my mother simply lost control like children! There had to be something else!” she stared at Oona expectantly, but the troubadour’s expression didn’t change. “Really?” Belle asked weakly.

“I can think of no other explanation.” Oona replied, and Belle’s face fell. “But…” she protested, horrified. “Don’t worry, I’m not mad.” Oona told her, taking on a friendly smile once again. “I just want to make sure another incident like that doesn’t happen again, alright.”

“…alright.” Belle replied, her voice small. Oona walked forward, planting a kiss on Belle’s head, then turned. “I’m going to go check on your mother. Go to sleep once you’ve bathed, they’ll want to continue that meeting early tomorrow morning.” The redhead exited the room.

Belle finished her bath, rising and drying off. Slipping on panties and a nightgown, she collapsed on the bed and quickly fell asleep. Her dreams were unpleasant, twisted memories of her having an accident while making a speech, or losing control while riding with her instructor. Even worse, later on there were visions of her mother, dressed in nothing but a white diaper, sagging and discolored both yellow and brown bound and gagged at Seneca’s feet.

The next morning Belle awoke to Oona’s gentle voice, and she bolted upright as she felt the cold uncomfortableness of her lower body sitting in cold pee. Throwing off the sheets, she gasped as she saw a large, wet puddle, a brown stain mixed in with the wetness. That wasn’t the worst of it, however. She was dressed in a poofy white garment, a soaked diaper showing through the thin material of her nightgown. “What the hell is this!?” she cried.

“It is what is required for the earlier incident to not be repeated.” Oona replied deadpan. “You both wet and soiled yourself during the nighttime, and at that point I decided Seneca’s recommendation was a good one. I changed you out of your ruined panties and put you in that, yet you still managed to soak it as well. Your mother has been similarly protected for the meeting this morning.” She didn’t look particularly happy about this, but she was clearly willing to do her job no matter the task.

“Get this off of me right now! I will not walk around in a diaper!” Belle rose from the bed, angrily raising her nightgown and moving to tear at the material of the diaper. Oona was as fast as ever, however, and her hand caught Belles. “This is not your decision. This is a matter of our nation’s survival. You cannot control yourself, and these are the consequences. The garment is enchanted to hide the smell as well, so you will not have to worry about being exposed by that.”

“Bullshit! Get this off of me!” Belle yelled back, pulling her hand from Oona’s grip and throwing a punch at the other woman while her other hand tried to tear at her diaper. She was outmatched, however, and Oona caught her punch with ease, snatching her other hand and holding them together, violently spinning the princess around and slamming her down onto the bed, one hand holding her hands together the other one pinning her down. The princess’s flight instinct activated, and her body pushed several solid logs of poo into her diaper, Belle helpless to do anything but soil herself.

Oona shook her head as the back of the princesses diaper expanded. “See what I’m talking about?” she asked. “Now be a good girl and cooperate, we need this to stay a secret and you yelling isn’t helping.” Belle turned bright red, imagining someone lifting her armored skirt in public and seeing the awful garment beneath it. Pushing the image out of her mind, she relaxed, resigning herself to Oona’s care. She couldn’t help but feel a bit of a different kind of wetness, however. Oona being so dominating, so clearly and forcefully in charge…it felt good. The princess’s cheeks were rosy as she turned, her vision taking in Oona in a new light. “Fine, we’ll do things your way.” She said, her voice pouty.

After a change, the pair headed to the council meeting. Belle couldn’t help but feel nervous, wondering if anyone else could hear the slight crinkling of her protective garment beneath her skirt. A few servants walked by, whispering to one another at the sight of Belle, and she figured word had gotten out about a possible accident last meeting. When she arrived, the lord’s conversation stopped and they all stared, whether it was because they had heard the rumors or because she was the last to arrive. Taking her seat, she looked around at all the staring faces. “What?” she asked in her usual fiery tone. A few of the noble’s faces seemed to relax, seeing she was her usual self. Another of the nobles spoke up, “We heard you may have had issues with your health last night, and were worried about you.”

Belle nodded. “Well, rest assured there is nothing wrong with me. I am perfectly fine and have no idea what cause there was to be worried.” As she spoke she already felt the need to go again, and silently cursed her own weakness.

The nobleman nodded. “Well, let us turn our attention back to the matter at hand then.” The conversation started anew, and no one mentioned anything else about last night. Part way into the meeting, Belle could tell from her mother’s body language the woman was about to lose it. She was glad none of the other nobles were situated to see the signs, and a moment later the queen’s lower body stopped fidgeting. Her diaper filled with warm pee, and the back of it turned slightly brown as she pushed soft mess into it. She had never had that large of a capacity in the first place, so it wasn’t too bad on her garment.

Belle, on the other hand, had a larger capacity, and so Oona had given her a thicker garment, luckily the princess’s usual armored skirt good for hiding it. Her holding didn’t fare much better, however, and Oona could immediately see the sighs as the princess decided to stop trying to hold it, voluntarily peeing in her diaper, forcing it all out as quickly as possible to shorten the discomfort. She felt icky sitting in the warmth of her own pee, but at least no one else knew. She started to speak, and silently began to mess herself as she did, a firm, considerable lump expanding its way into her diaper. She could feel the warm mass against her bottom, and combined with the warmth of pee, felt herself get a bit aroused. She managed to contain the feeling for now and finished talking.

By the time the meeting finished she knew her mother had used her diaper again, and as she stood the queen seemed to pause, likely peeing for the third time. The nobles filed out and Seneca too the queen’s hand, leading her away. The pee surrounding her now cold, Belle rose, turning to Oona. “Go shut the door and stand guard, will you? I’d like to go in private.” Oona nodded and exited the room, shutting the door. She leaned back against it, listening inside.

Belle rose from her chair, her bladder and bowels barely holding on. She could feel the first part of a log already poking its way into her diaper. Looking around, she saw all the chairs weren’t shaped well enough for what she needed. Carefully removing her belt and sheathed sword, she used the belt to secure the sword to its sheath. Just as she couldn’t hold it anymore, the first of a cascade of logs curling into her diaper and the front warming once again with urine, she slid the sheathed weapon between her legs and began to grind on it, the warm feeling of her wet diaper pressing against her special place unbearably good. She tried to be as quiet as possible, moaning as she grinded against her weapon and continued to soil her diaper, imaging Oona forcing her down in her soiled diaper and spanking her, or even roughly handling her and forcing her to use her diaper.

She climaxed twice during the accident, once when she finished wetting herself and once when the mess finally ended. Panting heavily, she took a minute to compose herself, belting her sword back on. Checking the room for any sighs of her escapade, she exited. Closing the door behind her, she whispered to Oona “I need a change.” The redhead nodded, and led the way back to the princess’s quarters. Unbeknownst to Belle, Oona had heard her moans, and had a suspicion as to what exactly had happened there. They were confirmed when she changed the princess’s diaper and saw sighs of her pleasure, but Belle was too busy basking in being cared for by Oona to notice the evidence.

###

Grace looked at her panties forlornly. This pair was finally soiled beyond cleaning too. The back was so brown it was barely even recognizable as red anymore, and the front was completely see through, soaked so many times. Suddenly, there was a knock at the door, and she jumped a bit in surprise, a trickle of pee running down her bare leg. Quickly placing her panties in a hidden place to be destroyed later, she opened the door a crack. Seeing it was Lily, the newest member of their group and her current roommate, she opened it a bit more, face and part of her breasts visible.

“What do you need, Lily?” she asked. The pegasus knight was still mostly dressed, unlike Grace. She still wore her white skirt and half-leggings, but she wore nothing above the waste. The pair was sharing an inn room for the night, being the girls in the merc group. Grace was momentarily taken aback by the other woman’s beauty. Her long white hair contrasted perfectly with her red eyes, and her considerable breasts were bouncing enticingly as she struggled. The woman was surprisingly muscled as well, strong enough to match even the axe fighters in the group. She wasn’t as fast as Grace had expected from a pegasus knight, but her strength more than made up for it.

“I…I really need to use the bathroom. I’m about to leak!” Lily admitted, blushing. The pegasus knight seemed reserved and bashful despite her form, so saying something embarrassing like that had to be an effort for her. She had her legs crossed and her hand pressed into her crotch, dancing in place.

Grace thought back to the fight, and realized she had seen no sign of an accident from the pegasus rider. The girl’s bladder must be strong indeed if she had held it through the whole battle until now. Come to think of it, she hadn’t seen Lily go to the bathroom since the pegasus knight woke up in the morning, and the day was almost over. Deciding Lily was going to join her in soiling herself, she nodded and opened the door to let the pegasus knight in. Lily’s eyes strayed across Grace’s naked body, blushing a bit, but the girl didn’t have too much time to consider it. She rushed through the open door towards the chamber pot. She didn’t get that far, however, as Grace came up behind her and reached around, grabbing her firm breasts whispering, “You’re beautiful, Lily.”

The white haired woman let out a sharp gasp as Grace’s hands groped her, and a powerful hissing sound was audible. It took a bit longer than Grace expected, but eventually golden yellow liquid soaked the pegasus knights white half-leggings and carved glistening trails down her shapely legs, a large puddle forming on the ground beneath her. Grace spun Lily around, pulling her into a full kiss. The pegasus knight didn’t resist, her submissive personality fully manifesting and removing any chance of protest.

A while later, the two exhausted girls separated. Grace was still naked, and Lily was dressed in nothing but a yellowed, leaking diaper. “I didn’t know you were using those.” Grace commented. The girl had seemed to enjoy herself just fine still in them, whether it be through the material or reaching inside, so Grace has largely let it go.

“Well…recently I’ve found it a lot harder to hold it but…I’ve always had a larger bladder, so it got pretty bad and my pegasus didn’t like it. I decided they were for the best. I don’t suppose, now that I’m with you guys…you could change me?”

Grace looked her up and down, then nodded. “If you’re that much fun all the time, I’ll do anything you want.”

Lilly giggled, blushing. “I got…a lot of experience in my former group. I do plan on rejoining them after this war, but…in the meantime I can be all the fun you need.”

Grace smiled and gave her a quick kiss, somewhat worried by her comment about leaving after the war but putting it aside for now. Surely she could be convinced otherwise later. “Lay down and I’ll get you out of that, then we can shower.” She told Lily. The girl complied, and the pair showered before Grace put Lily in a fresh diaper, tucking her away in bed. The mercenary waited until the pegasus knight was asleep and then slipped out. She returned a short time later from a shadier market in town, carrying her own supply of diapers. These were lighter and designed to be hid under her leather armor. Her capacity didn’t match Lily’s, she didn’t have to worry about overflowing even these. Slipping in to one, she pulled on her pajamas and got in to bed, for once comfortable in the fact she wouldn’t have to pay the inn’s owner for a soaked bed.

###

Belle’s dream of that day still haunted her. She watched helplessly as Seneca held her mother on display before all the nobles and high ranking officials, dress torn to reveal a training bra that was clearly too small for her breasts and a white, poofy diaper. “You’re queen is nothing but a child!” he shouted. The queen whimpered, looking up at him in tears, unable to form anything but a childish wail. He casually reached over and tore off her bra, removing part of her childish farce. She cried out in fear and the front of her diaper yellowed for all to see, her bladder releasing at the slightest hint of provocation. “Look at this disgrace!” Seneca shouted, grabbing the queen by the neck and lifting her up.

The queen let out a choked wail and the back of her diaper, now pointed towards the crowd, turned brown in an instant, a series of wet squelches signaling her loss of control. The man took out his sword with his other hand, pressing the hilt up against the front of the queen’s diaper. She quickly grinded against it, and moments later she quite clearly climaxed in her soiled diaper.

“This is what we let rule us!? No more!” Seneca shouted. He tossed the queen aside, who hit the ground hard and started bawling, another series of rude noises sounding from her as the back of her diaper got browner and bulged out even further. “This cannot continue any longer. And her daughter is no better, a spoiled brat pretending to be an adult! From this day forth, I am the king! Not these girls, no, these children!” Belle could still remember the feeling of her control failing, her bladder and bowels emptying as readily as her mother’s into her diaper as she watched in horror before Oona dragged her out of there.

Belle awoke with a start. Knowing what she would find, she reached down to check her diaper. Wet and soiled. And she needed to go again. Rising carefully, she suddenly remembered they were with others now. The princess and her guard had fled the palace, joining up with some countrymen revolutionaries and the mercenary company Grace and Lily were part of. Oona had had an odd reaction of surprise at seeing Lily, but had not commented further and Belle could get nothing out of her. Gaining the assistance of their neighboring country and her mother’s closest ally as well, Belle and her forces marched their way back through their country, and today they marched on the capital. But first, she had to find Oona and get changed before anyone realized or she lost it and leaked.

Hoping her nightgown concealed the diaper well enough, Belle walked out of her small room into the main room the girls were sharing. To her horror, she saw Lily and Grace both waiting outside the bathroom door, which was closed. Both girls were sitting in positions of desperation, and Lily was making quiet moaning sounds as she squirmed in place. Grace was calmer, just twisting her legs back and forth. Inside she was more nervous than even Lily, however. If she lost control, Lily would find out she was also in diapers when there was no puddle, and she feared she would lose her position of dominance over the girl.

Belle’s vision played over both girls, each dressed in nightgowns like hers, Grace’s red and Lily’s white. Walking over, she gingerly took a seat beside Grace, crossing her legs. “Who’s in there?” she asked.

“Oona.” Grace replied. She woke up not feeling well, and she’s been in there since.

Belle groaned internally. Both of her hopes gone in one instant, Oona was taking up the bathroom so she could make use of neither of them. Her control was wobbling, and she knew she didn’t have much time. Pressing her hand into her crotch, she groaned.

“You have to go too?” Lily asked quietly. Belle reluctantly nodded, and Lily rose. Stumbling awkwardly over into her small room, she returned with a pair of diapers. “Here, you two can use these. I know it’s not pleasant, but it’s better than leaving a puddle. Who knows how long Oona will be.”

Belle turned bright red and looked at Grace. “What do you think?” Both girls knew that their smaller diapers wouldn’t hold another accident, but Lily’s larger ones would. It was their only option. “I…I guess we have no choice.” Grace replied. Lily smiled warmly, and Grace took one of the diapers, slipping it on underneath her nightgown and securing it rather effectively for not being able to see what she was doing. Belle took hers and had a bit more trouble. Holding it in place to cover her other diaper, she said “Lily, I don’t know how to put this on. Can you help?”

The white haired girl giggled and nodded, moving over and lifting her nightgown, securing the diaper for her. Belle prayed the girl hadn’t noticed anything beneath the now second diaper. Lily, still smiling, put one hand on each of the other girl’s diapered bottoms. “Now, all at once.” She declared. All three girls released at the same time, Lilies sagging diaper barely containing the yellow flood, the back sagging heavily enough to be seen beneath her nightgown as she pushed another mess into it. Belle and Grace’s first diapers could hold no more, and their entire accidents leaked into their new diapers, the front yellowing significantly and the back darkening as neither could prevent accompanying bowel movements.

A while later, just as the girls were starting to get fidgety again as the food and drink from last night’s celebration party at reaching the capital worked its way through them all too quickly, the bathroom door opened and Oona stepped out, dressed in only her panties. They were, to the jealousy of the other three, totally clean despite her stomach troubles. “Who pooped their pants?” she asked, the whole room smelling like mess at this point, only Belle’s original diaper carrying the property of hiding the smell. She turned to each girl, and in turn each blushed and looked away. “All of you?” she asked with exasperation. “Alright, in the bathroom now. I’ll change all of you.” All three seemed hesitant, and Oona clapped her hands loudly together. “In the bathroom, now.”

The loud sound took all the girls by surprise, and three simultaneous hissing sounds could be heard as they all wet themselves in surprise. Belle and Grace’s larger, only single used diapers withstood the wetness, yellowing even further and reaching their limit but holding. Lily’s didn’t fare so well, and a golden puddle formed beneath her as she peed straight through her soaked diaper, liquid leaking out the sides and puddling beneath her. “Oops.” was all she said. The girls quickly complied, filing into the bathroom.

“Nightgowns off, now.” Oona commanded, and all three girls undressed, leaving each dressed in only bulging, soiled white diapers. Oona couldn’t help but admire the three beautiful girls, obediently waiting before her. She would have to have some fun with them. Walking over to Grace, she commanded, “Mess yourself too. I don’t want to clean up again for a bit after this.” Lily watched eagerly, her eyes shining.

“But…there’s a chamber pot right there…just get me out of this stupid thing and I can use it.” Grace protested. Oona said nothing, simply reaching around Grace and grabbing her hands, locking them together. Her other hand pressed hard against Grace’s stomach. “Nonono I don’t want to use my diaper, I’m a big girl, the toilet’s right there…” Grace’s protests trailed off into soft sobs as a ppfflltt sounded from her bottom and the back of the diaper quickly sagged, staining dark brown.

“Don’t worry grace, I’m doing it too.” Lily replied, and her face twisted in focus. The white haired girl let out a groan, then her diaper began expanding again. It had no more room, and more pee trickled down her legs from the overflowing garment, alongside the soft mess that began to force its way out through the leg holes of her diaper, brown mush coating her skin.

“Good girl.” Oona told her, moving over to Lily and kissing her, placing her hand against the front of the girl’s diaper. A vibration flowed out of her hand and into Lily’s diaper, the girl clutching hard to Oona and moaning loudly as the powerful vibrations and arousal from her accident quickly brought her to a powerful climax. Panting, she clung to Oona, a new dedication to the sheer dominance of the girl, and Grace sighed. She supposed she’d have to give up on that route now.

Carefully freeing herself from Lily, Oona moved over to Belle, who was doubled over holding her bottom. “I can hold it! I won’t mess my diaper!” Belle declared playfully, but Oona could tell from her body’s movements she was slowly but surely pushing more mess into her diaper. She placed her hand on Belle’s diaper as well, and vibrations shot through the princess’s diaper. She cried out in pleasure, and the back of her diaper quickly reached its capacity, a bit of brown mush escaping before she finished. She climaxed in her diaper as she messed herself, leaning weakly against the wall and smiling happily at Oona.

Finally, the troubadour moved back to Grace, who was blushing and looking from side to side as the others lost control. “Since you don’t want to use this, I’ll get you out of it.” Oona declared, and she carefully removed the sagging white diaper from Grace. When she saw the overflowing smaller protective garment beneath it, however, clearly not Lily’s, a grin spread across her face. “So you do want to after all.” She said, reaching around to the front of Grace’s diaper.

“No! It’s just…I can explain!” Grace protested, but her words cut off in a pleasured moan as she got her own taste of vibration. She grinded furiously against Oona’s hand, climaxing several times as she was pleasured through her soiled, leaking diaper. Panting, she clutched Oona tightly. “I’m sorry for lying…I’ll be a good girl now…” she whispered. Oona smiled and kissed her on the cheek. “Of course dear. For now, let’s get you three cuties changed.”

Belle looked at Lily and Lily nodded, Belle looked at Grace and after a moment Grace nodded as well. “Hold on, Oona.” Belle said, and the three girls approached her. Belle pulled her into a powerful kiss, and the red haired royal guard didn’t protest. Grace moved around behind her and pulled her shirt up, undoing the redhead’s bra and fondling her considerable breasts. Lily lifted up Oona’s skirt, lowering her white tights and pushing her light blue panties aside, tongue attacking the troubadour’s pussy. Pulling back from Belle for a moment, between moans, Oona managed a command: “Drink!”

Belle quickly snatched her lips again, and Oona started to pee. Lily did her best to catch it, lapping at the stream. The pee still soaked her face and hair, the white strands yellowing a bit. It trickled down all over her, soaking her chest and breasts and leaving her glistening with pee. Lily could see Oona’s arousal double at the sight, and eagerly went back to treating the redhead once the stream ended. At that moment, Lily knew she wanted nothing more than to serve Oona. She deserved it for taking care of all of them.

###

Changed and ready, the girls advanced on the royal palace, ready to bring Seneca to justice for his crimes. Their forces decimated the castles outer guard with ease, then moved onto the inner forces. Belle, Lily, and Grace went left to free the prisoners and deal with some of the soldiers. Oona went right, thief in tow, to clear out that section of the castle and keep the thief safe as he looted the treasury. The man was suitably awestruck as she decimated a third of the enemy forces by herself, light magic striking down man after man, fists of burning light destroying those who got too close. As soon as the path was clear, he got to work on the chests. Once they were finished here, he could escape and she could assist the assault on Seneca.

Belle, Lily, and Grace fared well enough on their side. They destroyed the enemy forces with little trouble, a close shave leaving Belle with a soaked diaper but nothing major. They released the prisoners and regrouped, heading towards where Seneca was, the throne. When they entered, a simultaneous gasp of surprise echoed from all three of them. Seneca stood before the throne, artifact sword in one hand, black tome in the other. The pages of the tome were spinning, and the girls could feel the magic radiating from it, magic similar to what caused all these accidents in the first place.

Belle felt her bladder refill in an instant. To their horror, the unconscious bodies of the rest of the army lay around Seneca, completely decimated by the powerful man. The sound of grace wetting herself at the sight was clearly audible to all five of the people present. All eyes went to the fifth still conscious person, the queen. She crouched next to Seneca’s throne, tied to it like a dog. She was dressed in nothing but a large diaper, which already showed signs of use. She showed signs of life at the sight of Belle, struggling and trying to cry out something through the gag stuffed in her mouth. “Stay quiet, bitch.” Seneca told her, slamming the side of his blade into her head. She let out a muffled cry and fell back, her diaper yellowing and browning as she reacted helplessly to the pain.

“Mom….” Belle muttered hopelessly. Taking her sword in both hands, she could feel herself shaking. How could she take this guy on? She tried to control herself, but she just couldn’t. Her trembling muscles let another cascade of pee soak into her diaper, and her anus blossomed, pushing log after log into her diaper, fear completely overwhelming her control. “Y-you!” she shouted, but couldn’t even finish her statement, her voice faltering. The sheer power radiating from him was overwhelming.

Beside, her, she heard Grace fall to her knees, forcefully wetting and messing her diaper as she stared hopelessly at Seneca. Lily stepped forward bravely, lance in hand, defensively in front of Belle, but her hands were trembling and the sound of her powerful muscles pushing messy diarrhea into her diaper was audible to all. His gaze fell upon her, and she let out a whimper, her bladder giving out completely and filling her diaper with a continuous stream of pee as the magic of the tome refilled her bladder when it ran dry. She stood frozen, dropping her spear and staring, completely overwhelmed with fear as her diaper overflowed, pee flowing down her shapely legs and puddling beneath her, showing no signs of stopping.

“So the Piddle Princess returns.” He stated with distain. Walking down towards the trio, her let the tome float beside him, taking his sword in both hands. “Will you face me, Belle? Or are you just like your mother, a façade hiding a scared child who isn’t even potty-trained?”

At the sight of him approaching Belle, the queen struggled to move forward against her chains, flooding her diaper once again in fear for her daughter.

Belle stepped forward around Lily to meet him, sword clenched in her trembling hands. “You…will…pay…for…what you’ve done!” She managed to get some confidence in her voice, finishing the statement with a yell before leaping at him, sword clutched in both hands. She unleashed a flurry of attacks, all her rage, all her strength behind them. He moved like lightning, blade parrying one attack after the other, the best assault she could muster not even testing his defenses. She fell back, panting, and cold fear flowed through her, urine once again soaking her diaper and this time flowing out, trailing down her legs and joining Lily’s still expanding puddle.

“Just a scared child.” He declared. Shooting forward faster than she was prepared for, her grabbed her hand and twisted it, breaking it. She screamed in pain, sword falling aside. “Unfit to rule, unfit to hold a weapon, unfit to wear anything but that disgusting garment.” He continued, sword flashing and tearing away her clothes and armor, save for the over flowing diaper. “Disgusting trash.” He finished, and landed a powerful blow on her stomach. Belle flew backward, landing against the back wall in a heap, ribs and arm broken. A fresh wave of mess forced its way into her diaper from the impact, and she was helpless to even move as mess overflowed her overtaxed garment and stained her legs brown.

Seneca turned as he heard a battle cry, and saw both Grace and Lily leaping at him, furious. He easily sidestepped Lily’s lance, meeting Grace’s sword with his own. She was blasted back by the power of the parry, landing in a heap. Looking up in terror, she watched him stalk closer, and her diaper overflowed with fear inflicted pee and poo, brownish yellow liquid pooling around her as she cowered. He stepped forward, his sword crashing down once, twice, breaking the mercenary’s legs.

She screamed in pain, yet another wave of piss and poo puddling around her, the stench nearly unbearable. Seneca turned to Lily, who had started to come towards him, but seeing him turn, her face contorted with terror. The door opened behind her, and she dropped her spear, pee flowing down her legs once again, and turned, running in to Oona’s arms. The redhead hugged her tightly, glaring at Seneca as Lily sobbed into her chest. Carefully setting the pegasus knight aside, she drew her divine tome and approached Seneca.

“We don’t have to do this, Oona. We both know how weak these women are, how they don’t deserve their position.”

The queen looked on in horror, soiling her diaper again and again, a mess quickly forming around her as her body could do nothing to escape the clutches of terror.

“It doesn’t matter, Seneca. Our duty was to guard them, keep them safe, to make sure they could keep doing their job despite everything. You broke your trust, your duty. You will find only an enemy with me.”

The lithe, blue haired swordsman sighed. “Fine, have it your way. But…you too are a woman, Oona, and that makes you weak.” With that he raised his hand and channeled the tome, dark magic slamming into the troubadour. Oona groaned as she barely managed to avoid the brunt of it, darkness sapping at her strength and filling her bladder and bowels. She took a moment to control the new urge, then raised her own tome. Blasts of light tore after the swordsmaster. Even Seneca’s incredible speed was no match for Oona’s assault and he rocked back under blow after blow of divine magic.

But her body was faltering, weakening under the dark magic. Seneca saw his opening, and he took it. Firing a beam from his sword, he speared the divine tome from her hand, sending it flying across the room. She felt herself leak, her panties dampening, and she faltered for a moment, hesitating to reach for her backup tome. In an instant, Seneca was across the room, too fast for her to keep up with while inconvenienced by her bladder. His blade was at her neck, and she had no tome in hand. There was nothing she could do. As hard as she worked to fight it, fear flooded her. It started off as a small trickle, a single golden trail falling down her white leggings, then it became a flood. A hundred golden lines traced their way down her glistening, shapely legs, a powerful streaming falling down beneath her skirt. She was bright red. No, no! This can’t be happening!

Seneca laughed aloud. “So, in the end, you are no better than them. Such a disappointment Oona. You could have been a good officer. Instead, join your queen.” Raising his hand, he aimed his sword at Belle. “Mess yourself right now or she dies.”

Oona stared back at him, eyes full of fury, but she could do nothing. Grunting, she forced the start of a wave of soft mess into her panties, staining the light blue material brown. Another followed, then another, the book doing a good job of giving her a massive load to expel. Brown mush filled her panties entirely, then moved on to her leggings, coating the entirety of her leggings in muck. Finally, she was done. Falling to her knees, tears in her eyes, humiliation evident on her face, she still glared up defiantly at Seneca.

The man walked forward laughing and cut her skirt aside. “That was a good start. But we will prove you are no better than any of them.” Channeling his tome, her underwear and leggings disappeared, replaced with a fresh, clean diaper. The garment was covered with small pegasus drawings, Belle riding them. The power in his tome flashed immensely, and she suddenly felt the worst need to pee and poo she had ever experienced. I was like he had filled her bladder and bowels twice over. “If you can keep your diaper clean for ten minutes, I will let you and your friends go. If you can’t…you’ll end up just like your queen, diapered pets that have no right to control themselves.”

Oona couldn’t believe it as he summoned a diaper on her. She could only stare at the garment in horror. He couldn’t do this! This was madness! She was not some child, to soil her diaper! But the need was too great. Staggering to her feet, she hobbled towards him as he returned to his throne, summoning a fresh diaper on the queen before slapping her diapered bottom, causing a fresh wave of poo and pee to fill the garment. She made it half way too him, ever so slowly, over the course of three minutes.

But she could take it no longer. Trembling, completely overwhelmed with shame, she soiled her diaper. The explosion of pee that burst from her was immense, drenching her diaper in moments and cascading down beneath her, dwarfing even Lily’s puddle. Wet, soppy mess exploded from her backside, completely saturating the back of her diaper and once again turning her legs a dark brown, the puddle beneath her darkening as she helplessly shit herself. Seneca laughed and laughed, occasionally striking the queen and eliciting another loss of control from her.

When she finished, he waved his hand, magic pulling her forward and replacing her destroyed diaper with a fresh one. It deposited her on his lap, and she could already feel the need to go return. He laid her across his lap, patting her diapered bottom. “It seems you can’t hold it either, you poor thing.” He told her. “You’ve been a bad girl, and you know what happens to bad girls.” She was so filled with shame and humiliation she couldn’t formulate a response or fight back. He reached out, tendrils of darkness flowing in to her and stealing all the strength from her sphincter muscles.

“You’ll never go without a diaper again.” He whispered maliciously, and she could feel the loss of her muscle strength all too well. She leaked a bit into her diaper, and then he spanked her. The blows were slow and steady, but her loss of control was immediately. She began to cry as she completely lost control in her fresh diaper, her once powerful muscles no longer able to hold anything back. The diaper swelled underneath his hand, and pounded it back down, the mess spreading around her bottom as he continued spanking her.

Oona was filled with horror. Images of Belle changing her, of wetting her diaper during training, during meetings, of the look of pity that would be in Belle’s eyes as she helplessly wet herself even worse than the princess, as bad as the queen. This couldn’t happen! He had no right!!! Sudden defiance and anger filled her, and she moved like lightning while he was distracted. She snatched the dark tome from beside him, her other hand snatching the backup tome from her belt, and she unleashed a powerful blast of light. The whole room turned to blinding brilliance, and the screams and simultaneous full accidents of all four other women in the room were audible. Only she could see in the brightness, and she snatched the blinded Seneca’s sword before he could find it.

The diaper and the rest of the clothes on her body were completely purged, and she floated backwards, the shine tome finally burning out. Seneca was left on his throne, staring down naked Oona who held his dark tome, his sword knocked far out of reach. He started forward, but was stop by grasping arms of darkness that grabbed him. Oona smiled, her face a mask of hatred and loathing. “I know more about magic than you ever will Seneca, even dark magic. This power is mine now.” The man’s face became fearful, and he desperately struggled against the grip of the darkness, to no avail. All his speed couldn’t help him in the tomes grasp. Finally, he gave up. “Kill me if you will. Your country is nothing but children without me. Even you.”

Oona blushed as she felt what he was indicating, the stream of pee that was trailing down her naked legs unwantedly. Her lack of control didn’t let her do anything about it, so she ignored it. “I’m not going to kill you. I’m going to make you weak like us...Sally.” Raising her hand, dark magic suffused Seneca, and in a few moments in his place stood a thin, busty woman with short blue hair, dressed in the tight fitting black garments of a swordsmaster. Sally could feel herself immediately fill from the tome, and she stumbled back, struggling fiercely once again against the darkness.

“No…please!” she protested. Oona advanced maliciously, and Sally shrank back, the dark material of her tight pants darkening with liquid as she fearfully wet herself. Her bowels were on the edge, shaking in fright, and suddenly she cried out as the queen slapped her bottom with a giggle. The sound of Sally messing herself was audible to everyone in the room, the tight black pants expanding and bulging out beneath the mass. The darkness let go, and she stumbled back, falling in a messy heap against the throne.

Oona motioned with her hand, and the queen’s leash snapped, and Sally’s messy pants were replaced with a fresh diaper. The queen wasted no time in crawling on top of the cowering blue haired woman who had once been her lover. She tore away her shirt, eagerly licking and biting at her nipples. Sally, beneath her, moaned in pleasure, her mind completely corrupted from what it once was by the dark magic, converting smoothly in to that of a woman’s. Sally could feel the dark magic weakening her sphincter muscles, and soon her control was just as bad as Oona’s. Her clean diaper expanded as the queen’s loving became more violent, first the front with yellow, then the back with brown mess as the queen ferociously reclaimed her lover.

Oona turned away from them, having no desire to watch. Picking up her fallen fortify staff, she held it in the air, healing magic flowing through all of her allies and mending their broken bones. Normally such wounds would not be so easy to deal with, but her already powerful magical skills combined with the boundless energy flowing from the book made it possible. Looking down at herself, she considered for a moment. Summoning up a fresh diaper on her, she looked at it curiously, moving around a bit in it. Suddenly, all three girls tackled her, and she fell with an oof. Belle, Lily, and Grace all hugged her tightly, shouting joy and praise at their victory.

Oona was focused elsewhere, however. Her weakened muscles failed at the impact of the tackles, and she soaked her diaper, considering the warmth. Her bowels didn’t hold up any better, and she considered them as well as she pushed soft mess into her diaper, the garment turning yellow and brown as she continued to go until it reached capacity. It felt pretty good. She would restore her muscles later, but for now the girls could enjoy it. The feeling was nice, and she was sure the girls would love changing her every so often, especially if they did something to make her lose it, so she’d let it fade back occasionally. Smiling, she left the mess diaper on, hugging and kissing her girls as they celebrated a very messy victory.

(I’ve been working on an awakening new years thing, but damn there a lot of characters. Hopefully it’ll be out pretty soon, though sadly not on new years.)

*009*2017-01-07 17:05

Awakening New Years

(Well it’s a bit past new year’s, but here’s the awakening thing. If further awakening stuff is wished for in the future, I’ll probably need specific characters because man there are a lot of random awakening characters I don’t normally care about @[email protected]

)

It was the day before New Years, and preparations were in full swing. The royal family was keen on celebrating their victory over Walhart, and Sumia, alongside her best friend Cordelia, was orchestrating a massive banquet. Cordelia had of course dragged her daughter and boyfriend into helping. At the moment Severa was carrying a massive cask of alcohol, muttering complaints the whole while. Her father was helping move tables into position, and she couldn’t help but feel a bit annoyed they were just being used for their strength. Severa had inherited her father’s powerful muscles, and just as the large banquet tables was an easy task for the massive berserker that served as the army’s tactician, any of the things that needed carried, even giant casks, were easy for his daughter. Fortunately, she had been informed ahead of time what she would be doing, and had planned accordingly.

She had visited Tharja, and after negotiating a bit with the mage, she had acquired a cursed flask of wine that would cause urgent need to pee and poop, for women only. She had of course told her it was for Cordelia, since Tharja was still unhappy with her mother over the whole Robin ordeal. With a bit of work, Severa managed to expand the curse from just the flask to the whole store of drinks for the party, and now she hauled it towards the hall, sabotage complete and once again annoyed at the extra work. Still, she couldn’t help but be a bit excited about the party. Joyous events like this were long gone in her time, and she would finally have an occasion to wear one of her fancy dresses.

Dragging the last of the tables in place in the giant hall, Severa let out an exhausted sigh. She only had a few hours left to get dressed and prepare! Giving her work a once over to make sure everything was in place, she nodded in satisfaction and headed off towards the quarters she shared with Lucina. She didn’t bother knocking, slipping into the room and quietly closing the door behind her. The blue haired princess stood in front of her closet in only her black bra and panties, and Severa grinned. These were Lucina’s normal garments, so she didn’t have to feel bad about causing issues with clothing for the banquet. Still moving quietly, she snuck up behind Lucina, growling into her ear enough to scare her but not alert people outside the room, reaching around with one hand and muffling the princesses scream, the other hand groping Lucy’s partially exposed breast through her bra.

Lucina screamed in surprise, although the sound was muffled by Severa’s hand. There was a loud hissing sound as pee soaked the princess’s black panties and cascaded down her bare legs, leaving them glistening yellow, much to Severa’s delight. Pressed up against the princess’s back, Severa could feel the back of Lucina’s panties bulge out, soft mess forcing its way into them, slowly expanding and sagging down until they approached their limit and the princess was empty.

The princess struggled in her grip and Sev let her go. Lucina spun to face her, bright red. “Sev, I didn’t expect you back so soon. You scared me…” Lucina put her hand on her bulging panties, blushing even harder.

“Aww, my little princess got scared and had an accident.” Severa grinned at Lucina like a predator eyeing its prey. “Don’t worry, I’ll help you clean up.”

Lucina considered, but suddenly her eyes lit up and she shook her head. Severa silently cursed: it seemed the princess had overcome her surprise and was back in charge.

“No. You’re my attendant, and you’ve done something worthy of punishment. Clothes off and on the bed, now.” It was Severa’s turn to blush, but she nodded and did as she was told, stripping down to only her panties. There was an obvious splotch on her dark blue panties, the combination of Lucina’s accident and anticipation at her commanding tone leaving her extremely turned on. Still obedient, the blue haired mercenary hopped onto the bed, looking expectantly at Lucina.

The princess walked confidently forward despite her sagging panties and glistening legs, and Severa nearly swooned at the sight. The princess gracefully moved onto the bed, laying her mercenary companion over her lap. “We don’t have that much time, this will have to do for now.” She said. Raising her hand, she slapped it against Severa’s panty clad bottom. The girl let out a moan, and a spurt of pee dampened Lucina’s lap. “It seems you’re just as incontinent.” Lucina added, grinning, and continued her punishment.

Severa was, in fact, easily the most continent woman in the army. The powerful muscles she inherited did an excellent job of keeping her bathroom needs under control, and she had plenty of bravado in the face of fear. But she melted in Lucina’s arms, the next slap causing an even louder moan and a full-fledged stream of pee to escape her. She grinded herself against Lucina’s knee, trying to keep her sound to a level loud another people wouldn’t hear it walking by the room, and continued to wet herself. Another slap, and this time she let out a loud fart, staining the back of her panties. Another, and another, and she was forcing soft mess into them, the dark blue fabric bulging out and expanding underneath Lucina’s hand, another slap squishing it and spreading it around her bottom. After a few more slaps Lucina stopped, and Severa rose from her lap, still messing herself, and tackled the princess down onto the bed.

Several hours later…

Cordelia, dressed in neither her traditional white pegasus armor nor her dark flyer robes, the first time many of the army had seen her dressed in something different, greeted people at the door. The red haired woman wore a beautiful blue dress that exposed very little, unlike most of the women’s dresses. Sumia was with her, adorned with a long white dress that unlike Cordelia’s showed off her impressive cleavage.

Soon, everyone was accounted for except for their oldest daughters. The pair looked at one another and as one started to head towards their daughters room but Severa and Lucina intercepted them on the way there, faces still red but dressed for the party. Severa wore a short, revealing red dress, while Lucina as usual wore something less ladylike, a shining black shirt and coat and black breeches, all the finest material. Both girls wilted a bit under the knowing grins of their mothers, but they hurried by, Severa shooting Cordelia a glare and Lucina giving Sumia an apologetic smile.

The pair quickly made their way to their seats, and Cordelia and Sumia did as well, Sumia taking her spot beside Chrom and Cordelia sitting down between Robin and Severa, wrapping an arm around each of them and giving each a kiss on the cheek. Robin returned the gesture as Chrom rose to give a short speech commemorating the event, while Severa blushed and shied away from her mother’s grasp, prompting a giggle from Lucy. The blue haired princess pushed Severa back into Cordelia’s grasp with a grin.

After a few hours, the party was in full swing. The dance floor was well populated, dominated by Robin and Cordelia as she tried to get the big man dancing gracefully. It was probably a lost cause. Back at the head table, a servant approached Chrom, whispering something in his ear. He frowned, rising. “What’s going on?” Lucina asked, curious. At that moment Severa returned, slipping back into her seat.

“Nowi and Nah are unconscious in the women’s bathroom.” Chrom said with a groan. “In dragon form. Someone must have gotten them to drink, and neither of their …small bodies were up to it, I guess. I have no idea what we’re going to do about it, but we’ve got to try something. The lord walked off to try and deal with the incident, shaking his head in exasperation. Lucina looked at Severa to see her grinning and groaned. She saw what Severa had in mind, and couldn’t say she was surprised. She didn’t really have to go again though, despite their earlier escapade.

Sumia crossed her legs, looking at the two girls curiously. Bending downward, she groaned. “I do hope he gets that problem fixed soon. I’m absolutely bursting.”

Lucina nodded in agreement. “Me too mom, me too.” Severa just grinned, already just as full as the others but unbothered, her powerful muscles doing her favors here.

Elsewhere, the first effects of Severa’s plan were seen. Flavia had Basilio pinned down on top of a table, both of the Khans clearly extremely drunk. Suddenly, Flavia’s face turned bright red, instead of the slight tinge it was before, and a loud hissing sound was audible as her brown silk breeches were suddenly soaked in pee, the khan’s powerful muscles forcefully spraying pee through them and puddling on Basiliio beneath her. “What in the blazes are you doing, woman!?” he shouted, rolling her off of him. He pulled himself up to a sitting position, locking Flavia in a headlock. The woman groaned, continuing to wet herself, and struggled against his grip, but eventually she fell limp back against him with a groan. A crinkling sound was audible, and Basilio looked down to see the back of Flavia’s pants bulge out with mess. “What are you doing!? Go clean up, you drunk woman!” Basiliio pushed Flavia off the table, rising with disgust.

Sully and Kjelle were next, the pair guzzling at alcohol at an alarming rate, Stahl desperately trying to get the pair to stop with no results. Sully was dressed in fine red trousers, but Severa had convinced Kjelle to dress up a bit more, and she wore a shimmering grey one piece dress. The younger girls snickered as the sound of her drunk mother having an accident became apparent. Sully didn’t even realize she had lost control, piss soaking her trousers.

“I think…I’m just going to have a nap here…” the redheaded cavalier managed, slumping over on the table. As she fell unconscious, the back of her trousers started to expand, Sully filling her panties with mess as she fainted from too much to drink. Kjelle could feel herself reaching her holding limit, and she struggled to rise from her seat, her stomach acting up as well. She made it a few feet before doubling over, puking. As she did so she lost all control, her bent over position giving a perfect view of her toned, panty clad ass pushing a brown bulge into her panties, log after log squishing flat against the material and soiling her pristine grey panties. Her bladder fared no better, and her muscular legs were soaked with golden streams.

Back at the head table, Cynthia approached her mother. The pegasus knight was wearing a short blue dress, and her panties sagged beneath it, combined with her glistening legs clearly indicating her situation. She whispered to Sumia, but was interrupted by a loud ppbbllrrtt from her mother. She gasped in shock as Sumia lowered her head in shame. The woman’s brown dress was darkening at the front as she pissed herself, and the sounds indicated she was soiling her panties just as shamefully. Shortly after she finished, chrom returned, shaking his head and muttering about dragons. It seemed the castle staff had finally managed to drag the two dragons out of the women’s bathroom and clean the dragon sized puddles up. Seeing the soiled state of his wife and daughter, Chrom sighed and escorted the pair back to their quarters to clean up.

Lucina was squirming at this point, not confident in her ability to hold it for much longer. She almost lost it when Severa pulled her up from her seat. The mercenary whispered, “Hurry!” and took off, Lucina in tow. The blue haired pair entered the women’s bathroom, Severa locking the door before word got around that the bathroom was available. There were only two pots in this sections bathroom, so the pair could justify taking up the bathroom. “Sev, what are you doing? People need to use this.” Lucina hissed. She wasn’t entirely displeased with the notion, but it just wasn’t proper!

“Relax, it’ll be fine.” Severa sat down on one of the pots, not taking even lifting her dress. “Come on, sit down on my lap Leaky Lucy. You don’t have much longer.” The princess blushed hotly at the name, but she knew Severa was right. It wouldn’t be much longer before she completely soaked her blue trousers. She took a seat in Severa’s lap, leaning back and nibbling on the other girl’s ear.

Say’ri shook her head. The Voice had already wet herself once today, though luckily people had respectfully pretended to not notice the puddle underneath the manakete. Now, it was even worse. Somehow Tiki and Anna had managed to get into a scuffle, and the merchant had lifted the Voice’s red dress, exposing her soaked red panties. Her other hand tickled the manakete, and after a moment of giggling the floodgates opened for the dragoness. Her red panties flooded for the second time in an instant, her exquisite legs glistening with a cascade of urine. The back of her red panties expanded with a cascade of soft mush, pushing outwards and staining but not breaking their limits. Anna burst out in laughter of her own, and the dragoness fought back, pressing both ends of Anna’s dress against its owner’s body as Anna lost control herself.

The merchant’s red dress was completely soaked down the front as she powerfully wet herself, her puddle mingling with Tiki’s. The back of her dress fared now better, the sagging brown mass that filled her panties staining her dress as well as Tiki’s hand forced it against her messy bottom. Say’ri rose, separating the two. “Come on Lady Tiki, let’s go clean up.” She said, her voice filled with exasperation. She started to lead Tiki, but the drunk dragoness was having none of it. “You have to goo toooo Say’riiii” she mumbled, reaching around and forcefully pressing on the swordswoman’s stomach. Say’ri groaned. Even out of dragon form, Tiki was surprisingly strong, and she felt the contents of her bowels being pushed out of her. Struggling and groaning, she pushed a large clump of firm mush into her wraps, then another. A single, powerful stream of pee hit the ground with a hiss, pouring from beneath her dress, the dragoness’s hand forcing everything out.

Panne desperately wanted to just pull off her panties and go in a corner, but that was indecent to these manspawn. She tried her best to hold it, to maintain decorum, but she felt herself start to lose it. The bunny girl soaked her panties as she rushed for a corner. Crouching down, she started to reach for her panties but felt a shove and fell forward. Spinning around, she looked up at the grinning face of drunk Aversa. With a gulp, she considered her options, but her bowels were having none of it. The taguel noisily began to mess herself, staring up at Aversa.

“My my, what a cute little thing you are.” The dark flyer stated, elegantly walking forward until she stood over Panne. “You’d look a bit better with some of this, however.” The dark flyer was dressed in her usual skimpy outfit, and she started peeing, her panties barely stopping any of the flow as pee cascaded down onto Panne’s chest, soaking through her purple dress. Soft, slimy mess filled the woman’s panties, escaping the confines of her lack of dress and splatting on the ground near or on Panne.

A line was forming for the bathrooms now. The mages, Miriel and Tharja, stood near the back of it. Tharja was clutching herself and glaring darkly at the bathroom door. Miriel stared at the line in front of them for a moment, her eyes grim. “I recommend we simply release ourselves now.” She told Tharja. “There is no way we will be able to hold it until this line lets us reach the restrooms.” With that, the mage released control, pee soaking her robes and poo bulging out in her panties underneath them. Satisfied, the mage turned and left the line.

Further up the line, Noire was doubled over. She squirmed, her impressive legs and breasts jiggling at an enticing rate. Suddenly, she let out a pained whimper and froze. Pee soaked her panties and pants, the back expanding in one massive, fart heralded burst of poo. Her jiggling began anew, and a few moments later, another violent burst of mess forced its way into her pants. She blushed fiercely, unable to face those around her as she violently and noisily pushed a third wet splatter into her pants.

Tharja watched her daughter lose control and sighed. This was as good an opportunity as ever. Quietly casting a hex, she relaxed her bladder and bowels. Her robes remaining untouched, however. Instead, the power of Noire’s pee stream doubled, and her bursts of messing were suddenly doubled in rate as well, the back of her pants quickly and obviously ruined under the combined results of her and her mother’s bowels. Tharja underestimated her accident due to lack of knowledge of Severa’s choice of drug, however. Suddenly her spell overloaded, and she cried out as pee flooded her panties and leggings, her rear rapidly expelling wet mess into her leggings as well. The slimy diarrhea that coated her leggings quickly became obvious as she continued to mess herself alongside Noire.

Elsewhere, in a storage room, Maribelle and Lissa were passionately kissing. Both girls had abandoned their dressed, Lissa dressed only in a white bra and panties and Maribelle in a pink bra and pink panties with leggings attached. (No clue what their name is but hopefully people know what I’m talking about.) Maribelle violently forced Lissa down on top of a crate and the princess let out a groan as the impact forced her to lose control. Her white panties turned see through as pee soaked them, and Maribelle’s hand groping her bottom could feel the rapid wave of poo that filled her panties, no end to the wave in sight. Maribelle had already soaked her panties, the whole reason the pair had been looking for somewhere private earlier, but they had made the best of it. Suddenly, they head the door opened and they broke apart, both turning fearfully. Frederick stood in the doorway, glaring disapprovingly.

“I can explain…” Lissa protested weakly. The princess was engaged to the great knight, and she didn’t want him to be mad at her for this little dalliance. “Its fine, princess. I’m sure this blonde fiend lured you into it.” The knight moved forward with a fierce smile on his face. He lifted Maribelle with ease, placing her over his lap. Without missing a beat, he began to spank her. He knew the worst thing for the noble girl was humiliation, so spanking her in front of the girl she tried so hard to dominate seemed about right. The blonde noblewoman veritably wailed in shame, blubbering and begging for him to stop.

“Please, I haven’t done anything to deserve this! I need to use the restroom, unhand me this instant! Please, I can’t mess myself…I haven’t done that since I was a child!(A lie, they all knew, but it was the façade she liked to keep.) Even as her protests degraded he refused to listen and soon enough Maribelle’s panties expanded as the proud woman began to mess herself. The noble was sobbing now, barely even coherent as she horribly ruined her panties. Lissa looked horrified at first, but looking between Frederick and Maribelle she began to grin, even giggle a bit, which only made Maribelle’s humiliation worse.

Back in the bathroom, Lucina couldn’t hold it anymore. As she snuggled in Severa’s lap, she lost control of her bladder and bowels. Her blue pants were thoroughly soaked, along with Severa’s lap. The back of her trousers bulged out and browned, the stain spreading down them a bit. Severa groped it with a giggle, and Lucy blushed and buried her head in her fiance’s breasts. “You’ve made a mess, princess.” Severa commented, and a muffled “Don’t tease me.” came from the princesses buried head.

Not quite at the line, Cherche and Olivia were distracted by a noise spouting Virion. Neither could escape his clutches, and soon enough neither could control themselves. Olivia turned brighter red than Cherche’s hair as her skimpy dancer’s clothing exploded with pee, soaking her and spraying everywhere. Her panties could barely contain any mess, and soft mush dripped down her legs. Cherche herself was dressed in a stylized maid’s uniform, and she doubled over with a groan, turning with one hand against the wall behind her. Her position gave Virion a perfect outline of her well-muscled ass pushing mess into her maid’s panties.

They rapidly expanded under Cherce’s impressive output, and the eventually exceeded their capacity, firm mess leaking out the sides. A powerful yellow stream was visible as well as her strong bladder vacated itself rapidly. Both girls let out a simultaneous moan as Virion’s hands groped each of their asses. “It seems both of you lovely ladies have had unfortunate incidents that will require the removal of your clothes.” He declared with a grin. “If you’ll come with me, we can deal with this in the most pleasant way possible.” Both women blushed but nodded, obediently following him out of the room.

Back in the main room, Cordelia and Robin were still on the dance floor. Cordelia was trembling with effort, barely keeping her light blue panties and dress clean. “Dear, I think we should hunt down the troublemakers now, shouldn’t we?” she asked. Robin nodded, and the pair left the dance floor.

Severa and the thoroughly soiled Lucina moved to exit the bathroom. The sounds of the line had died away, and Severa was still holding on fairly well. Just as the pair opened the door, however, they came face to face with the towering form of Robin and the beautiful form of Cordelia. “You’ve been up to no good, haven’t you Severa.” Cordelia scolded. Caught completely by surprise, her daughter stumbled back. Lucina let out a satisfied laugh as pee sprayed from beneath Severa’s dress. It was rare to see Severa so surprised as to lose control, but her mother and father appearing, knowing what she had done, was one of the few ways. The mercenary landed back on the chamber pot with a plop, and began messing herself as well. Right on top of the toilet she pushed soft mess into her panties, expanding and soiling them. Still filled with shock as she wet and messed herself, she stammered, “M-mom and dad?”

Cordelia grinned. “Lucina, take care of her. Turning, she and Robin headed back towards their quarters. Lucina barely contained her laughter, helping Severa pull herself to her feet. “A bit leakier than you thought, hmm Sevi?” she asked teasingly. Severa blushed hotly, even brighter when Lucina’s hand groped her soiled bottom. “I..ughh. Dammit mom.” Severa mumbled.

Cordelia was absolutely squirming when she closed the door to their room. Before she could turn, she felt Robin’s hands caress her small, firm breasts and stomach, and she let out a pleasured moan. She leaned back against him, and as he continued to caress her she let out an intentional, overdone whimper and lost control. A devastating cascade of pee soaked her shapely legs, completely saturating her light blue panties and the front of her dress, thanks to Robin’s caressing hand pressing against her warming crotch. As she began to mess herself his other hand was on her bottom, and the firm mess that made its way into her panties was forced to spread all about, coating her bottom in warm mess. Her moans intensified, and she pushed backwards, Robin obeying the signal and yielding ground until they both fell on top of the bed and immersed themselves in lovemaking.

“Was it worth it, Sev?” Lucina asked as she surveyed the mess of a dining room. Beside her, Severa uncomfortably adjusted herself in her messy panties. Taking a look around the room, the mercenary nodded. “Yep.” With that, she pressed the princess against the wall, kissing her ferociously.

*010*2017-01-30 19:28

In His Shadow, Under His Wing, In His Arms

(So this story is a bit differently written than usual, I think. We'll see how it goes. Anyway, incest warrrnniiinnnggggggggg. I’ve stopped caring after Genealogy but other people will so here’s your warning, what with not changing the tags on the thread. Isn’t that graphic or anything. Or better yet since its fire emblem, you can assume some contrived reason that they aren’t actually related, since that always happens in FE. Probably from a new queen who came in after Michalis’s mother died or something >.> Also credit to Dangerous Beauty by KittyKatLoren for inspiring(plus I stole a scene) this material.)

The cell was cold and dark. Even worse, there was nothing to distract her. Minerva shifted in place, her once royal garments torn and dirtied. At least they hadn’t raped her yet. But all she could think about was her failure, what she had allowed to happen. She had thought she could lead Macedon, that she could be the ruler the country needed. She had put on a strong face, she had not faltered. But the general’s were never satisfied, and her support of the Whitewings had been the last straw.

When the newly appointed “general” Palla had messed herself in the heat of combat, the rest of them took action. It seemed they had some outside aid as well, but in the end Minerva had found herself with all too few allies, and the fight was lost before it even began. The coup placed General Rucke in charge of the kingdom, and Minerva was helplessly relegated to the dungeon. She had continued to keep up her brave façade, but it was slipping fast. She had been holding it for days now, and she knew it wouldn’t be long before she completely soiled herself and none of the few people she was making progress bringing to her side would come see her anymore. She had never been strong on the inside, only the out, and when on one was here she was often reduced to laying on her poor excuse for a bed, sobbing into her pillow. As she was now.

All she had was her thoughts. No one would help her. Michalis was dead, Maria vanished, probably gone as well. She cursed her weakness. Michalis would never have let this happen. If he was still here, Macedon would be strong enough to stand up to the tyrants of Archanea. He had been right all along, after all. Archanea was the real threat. She should have never left his side… Anxious to get away from her regrets, her thoughts turned to Michalis, to the man who had given her the drive to do something with herself, to be more than a passive, helpless princess.

Sixteen year old Minerva was wearing a suit of red training armor. She lay on her stomach, hidden in the underbrush of the forest. In a clearing in front of her, her older brother practiced. His lancework was lightning fast, each strike more powerful than the axeblow from the army’s most elite dracoknights. With blistering speed, he executed attack after attack, ripping apart the plate armored training dummies with ease. He was only 18, but he was already the most competent warrior in the entirety of Macedon, and likely most of if not the rest of the continent.

She had been attempting to mimic his movements earlier, though she couldn’t really keep up. Still, she was improving. Even if Michalis refused to allow his little sister to learn the ways of fighting, she had been determined to be like him. Secret training sessions, and just as much time watching him practice as he practiced had formed her into an impressive warrior on her own. Already she was more than the equal of most of the guards she had convinced to train her.

As she watched the impressive display of the shirtless man in front of her, she felt a wetness forming in her panties. Worried she had wet herself, she moved to check, but found only a slight stickiness. Unsure of what was happening, she readjusted herself and went back to watching. It only made her more worried about the reason she had stopped imitating him, however. She had to pee badly. Thanks to the expectations of her and her powerful muscles, she was usually fine at holding it, but she hadn’t gone since last night, too busy rushing to get out here in time for Michalis’s practice. Squirming with the pressure of her full bladder as she continued to spy on Michalis, Minerva barely held back a moan of pleasure as her crotch scraped against a root. She didn’t really understand what was going on but it felt good.

The practice continued for a while longer, and Minerva knew she couldn’t hold it anymore. Unable to sneak away while so desperate, she had no choice but to try and hold it. A moment later, she let out a muffled gasp as warmth flooded her pants. Her bladder decided it had had enough, and a wave of pee exploded from her. Her panties and pants were quickly saturated, and her shirt was next, a huge yellow puddle forming underneath her prone body. Unfortunately for her, the puddle kept expanding, flowing out form the brush she was taking cover in and spreading a bit into the clearing Michalis practiced in.

With a final flourish, the dracoknight destroyed one of the mannequin’s heads, metal helmet and all. His keen eyes seemed to have caught her accident, however, and he walked towards her hiding spot. “Come out!” he commanded, and she nearly let out an eep of fear. Slowly rising, she stepped out of the brush. He moved like lightning, and his hand was around her throat before she could even speak. Fear rushed through her, and she felt herself force a small, warm lump of poo into her panties. At the same time she felt exhilaration. She was enjoying the feeling of him handling her, of reacting fearfully.

Seeing her face, his fierce expression softened, and he set her down with an annoyed sigh. “What are you doing here, sister?” A glance at the training spear laying dropped to the ground and her training armor gave him all the answer he needed, and Minerva just lowered her head shamefully. She felt completely exposed before him, and the feeling wasn’t wrong. Her training armor was thoroughly soaked, its light red material clinging to her every curve. Her pink panties would have barely provided a barrier beyond that if they were exposed, and she had forgone her normally tight breast or nothing this morning.

Usually, she wanted to keep the appearance of a soldier more than a woman but…Michalis was someone she didn’t mind seeing her as a woman. In this case, it meant her soaked uniform accented every curve of her now considerable breasts even better than the rest of her body. Between her blush, her breasts, and everything else, she was sure Michalis could see the signs of the weird feeling that was flowing through her, getting worse now that she was right in front of him.

She could feel the heat from his sweating body, the heat from her own. She didn’t want to meet his eyes, didn’t want to look. She felt his hand wrap around her, pull her close.

“Why do you want to fight, sister?” he asked.

“I…I want to be strong like you. I want to defend Macedon. I want to be worthy to stand by your side.” Minerva replied, hesitating a moment before giving her answer confidently.

Michalis sighed. “I suppose you’re right. You always did have fire in you Minerva.”

When he used her name, it was like a new spark of flame through her. He never did that, never used anyone’s name except for his wyvern. It was a sign of closeness, of trust he had told her when she asked before. So she responded in kind. “Michalis, please! I want to fight with you, to fight for you! Teach me, don’t let me fail on my own!” Her voice was pleading, yet strong and confident.

“Alright Minerva…fight for me. With you at my side, I cannot fail. I will not fail.” Suddenly, his hand was on her breast, and she gasped. His other hand was on her soaked crotch, and the sensation she felt through the pee soaked material was pure pleasure. She moaned aloud, and his hands moved further, his finger slipping inside her pants and into her slit with ease. His other hand continued with her breasts, still working through the soaked material. At first she couldn’t move, thrills running through her body. Then she could as another finger entered her, and she moved with him, desperate for more.

“Say you’ll be my princess, Minerva! I need your loyalty!” his words were soft, but they sounded a hundred times louder to her ears. She moved with him, his finger’s pushing further, and it felt like something broke, a fresh wave of chills flowing through her. “I will!” she cried out, mixed with a cry of pleasure. Her body convulsed and her juices flowed out, covering Michalis’s fingers. He withdrew his touch as she shuddered, and still shuddering she fell to her knees, overcome. He reached down and picked his spear up off the ground, stepping back and assuming a sparring position. The signs of her pleasure were clear on the fingers that firmly gripped his spear. “We start now. Give me everything you have, Minerva!” he called, and she shook off the shaking, the feelings, rising and clutching her practice weapon in both hands. Not a thought but to obey, she charged, every fiber of her being thinking of only, feeling only, Michalis.

Minerva was desperate. She would just have to get used to this, she reminded herself. She walked quickly through the hallway, outer façade perfectly confident and unbothered. Her bladder was aching, and despite the fact she could easily stop by a chamber pot she wouldn’t. Michalis had been reluctant after the first day to do something other than train, but he had made her a deal. Each day, if she could hold it all day, he would train with her in the late evening, and then attend to her other needs if by the end of that she was still in control of her bodily functions. She didn’t even question it, considering it as good training for roles as both a princess and a soldier. She saw the gleam in Michalis’s eyes when he had first seen her completely soaked, and it had spurred a lot of things in her. She was perfectly willing to subject herself to his desires.

She reached the stairs, and carefully descended. Soon enough, she was in the basement of Castle Macedon. With a bit of navigation, she reached a dead end wall and triggered the passage it hid. Stepping inside, the wall closed behind her. Michalis had a large training area here, along with a study and even a bed. Sometimes he liked to simply disappear. The man himself sat at the desk in the study, but he turned and stood as she arrived. “You’ve done well so far.” He told her, his eyes approving.

She blushed, and took a step towards the weapon rack, but suddenly the desperation became too intense. She stumbled, crossing her legs, but to no avail. Pee that was help back an instant ago flooded out of her, a waterfall of urine soaking her red cloth pants and forming a large yellow puddle on the floor. It was sudden and powerful, and there was nothing she could do about it. Tears welled in her eyes, and she hated her weakness. She would only train tonight. She comforted herself with the hunger she saw in his eyes as he watched. He would keep his word, she just had to better herself.

In a few nights, she didn’t lose control until mid-fight. Her scream of frustration was rare and genuine as his spear slipped by her defenses and took her in the stomach, forcing her to piss herself mid fight. A few more nights, and she made it through the whole thing. Michalis kept his word, but she demanded more. She got more than his fingers that night, and felt more satisfied than ever. She did wet the bed, however, and the next day she got nothing. Eventually, she worked her way towards holding it multiple days, only losing control every couple days and missing a day, occasionally an extra for the other kind of release. Michalis was clearly surprised and impressed by her strength and dedication, and he praised her for it. She rewarded him with the utmost eagerness, now actively taking part in their nighttime trysts.

Eventually, however, she hit an obstacle. She came down with an illness, and her stomach refused to cooperate. It wasn’t halfway through the day, while sitting in the castle garden, reading with Michalis, that she let out a gasp as warmth expanded into her panties. She could feel liquid, warm mess uncontrollably escaping, and it took everything she had not to cry as the back of her ornate red leggings quickly became streaked with brown. Her bladder couldn’t help but follow suit, and her bother escorted her back to her room so no one could see what a wet mess she was. It continued throughout the weak, her bowels uncontrollable. She messed herself several times a day, wet and sticky, and the doctor provided her with thick cloth undergarments to help contain it. She hated them, hated it, but at least Michalis was there to help her deal with them. But he never did more. It was one of the worst times for her, her mental state deteriorating.

Eventually, frustration overtook her. She retreated to her friends within the whitewings, spending her nights in Palla or Catria’s beds. She messed the bed every night, but Catria and Palla weren’t exactly paragons of continence and both of them were used to waking up wet more often than not. And both of them appreciated the expertise Minerva had learned from her brother. Eventually, she came to see the same devotion she had to her brother in them to her, and even tried the same requirements he used. Catria’s pants were wet by noon, and Palla messed herself in Minerva’s arms during an afternoon nap, so she tossed that idea aside. Still, she enjoyed herself, and loved her girl’s dearly. She was the dominant one, however, and she missed Michalis’s touch. Soon enough, her illness faded, and she was once again in control. It took a bit longer to get back to her usual pattern, but soon enough she was back to it.

After speaking with Michalis, she found an acceptable method of emptying herself, even. Palla and Catria were happy to drink every few mornings when she needed to relieve herself, and then the only days she missed were when she couldn’t hold it anymore and forcefully messed her light red panties, either squirming in Michalis’s lap as they studied or in front of him in the private garden or basement training area, dancing around and clutching her bottom, putting on an agonizing show of desperation for him. She pleasured him at that time, but she got nothing. She didn’t even mind.

On the days where she had to mess, she simply spent the night with the whitewings instead. They were happy to have her, and eventually even Est was old enough to join him. She loved each of the three sisters equally, and made sure she gave them all attention on those days.

One day, Minerva knew she would lose control during or right after the training, so she brought the whitewings. Michalis fought all four, unexpectedly holding off all of the women despite their skill. Afterwards, he saw to their needs. Est was first, stripped down to nothing but her pink panties. He played with her small breasts as the desperate pegasus knight finally lost control, soaking her panties and filling the back of them with firm mess. She got her first introduction to someone who wasn’t Minerva as he fucked her, simply moving her soiled panties aside. He was gentle about it, at least.

Catria was next, and at Minerva’s confirmation was eager about it. She had fully taken over the duties as Minerva’s “toilet”, and she happily accepted Michalis’s own offering. He soaked her naked body, and she happily pushed soft mess and warm pee into her panties as he did so. Her treatment was not nearly as gentle as Est’s, and she enjoyed every bit of it.

Palla was a bit shyer, even with Minerva’s encouragement. Michalis took things forcefully into his own hands, and soon enough Palla was gasping with pleasure as he penetrated her, still helplessly messing herself.

Minerva herself was last, and the five of them devolved into an orgy of sorts afterwards.

Things went on, with Minerva’s arrangement continuing, until finally war broke out across the continent and Michalis slayed their father, determined to bring down the corrupt empire of Archanea. Minerva ran, ran to Marth to help him, lead him to freeing Maria and finally, to killing Michalis himself. She hated herself for it, hated what she had done, especially now. He was the ruler. She was the follower. She was his princess.

She felt familiar warmth. It was different than usual, her armor absorbed a lot more and kept it against her skin. This warmth flowed out, constantly. She was soaking her tattered clothes, soaking her straw mattress. The puddle expanded massively, and she had to lift up her head so as not to let that be in it too. And she was still peeing. Suddenly, she heard sounds of fighting outside. They were short lived, and suddenly the door shook. Once, twice, then it exploded off its hinges and sailed across the room beside her. She let out a cry of fear and closed her eyes, her tired bowels fearfully reacting. Soft mush ballooned into her panties, filling them and expanding beyond into her red leggings. It forced its way down them, more and more mess coating her legs and filling her leggings to their limit. Suddenly, she heard a voice.

“Minerva, get up. We’re leaving.”

She looked up, hoping beyond hope this wasn’t an illusion. Before her stood Michalis, who should be dead. His body was as strong as ever, his eyes and piercing and hungry for her in her state. She didn’t care that she was soiled and dirty, she didn’t care that she was starving or still wetting herself. She didn’t care the entirety of her was soaked with pee from her massive accident. She leaped to her feat, eagerly throwing herself into his strong arms. “It is really you?” she asked meekly, voice muffled by his chest.

“Of course it is.” He replied. “We made a promise you would always be by my side. I can’t very well break my end of it.” And she couldn’t say anything else, choking out sobs as she clutched tightly to the man she had thought dead.

*011*2017-02-13 07:24

Eternal Bond

(A short FE12 Tiki focused piece, along the same lines as the last Minerva story. Potentially a snippet of a forthcoming large scale FE piece but…time. Also, even a bit of loli tiki for those of you who like that. Yes, I was motivated into writing instead of RPs again. Blame FE heroes.)

Tiki huddled in the darkness. The air in the small room was stale, and there was nothing but hard floor to sit on. Soon enough, the bad man would visit her again, and make her head feel weird. She wanted someone, anyone to help her. She missed Ban-Ban, she missed Xane. No one talked to her here, no one played with her. She sniffled, remembering how she used to be free. Suddenly, the door creaked open, and Tiki gasped, scrabbling backwards. A dark form entered, Gharnef’s imposing figure silhouetted by shadow. His twisted and scarred face gave her an evil grin, and she had to fight hard to not scream. Still, her legs trembled, and she could feel warmth suffuse her tattered dress as she peed.

She couldn’t help it, couldn’t stop it. She wasn’t supposed to do this, was supposed to hold it like Ban-Ban taught her. But she couldn’t help it. Pee soaked her small dress and puddled underneath the crying girl as Gharnef approached. His large hand reached for her, and she let out a high pitched scream. Her pink panties expanded as she fearfully expelled mess into them, a medium size lump of poo bulging out her panties. There wasn’t that much since he barely fed her, but there was enough Bantu would have scolded her, had he been here. His hand closed around her face, and everything went black, thoughts of Bantu fading away.

Tiki awoke with a start, covered in sweat. Looking down, she realized with a grimace she was peeing. It took her a short while to clamp down on her bladder, and by the time she did her bed was soaked. Her red nightgown was completely soaked, and she could feel the warm liquid cooling on her thighs. She let out a small moan, but gathered herself and resisted the urge. She had picked up a bit of enjoyment at her embarrassing accidents, the frequent bedwettings and relatively infrequent daytime wettings. Carefully standing, she made sure not to jolt her bladder. She may have had a full accident for an average size bladder, but the divine dragon had much more than that. With her tendency to sleep for weeks at a time, her bladder had a far larger capacity than a normal humans. Still…it was rare she emptied it anywhere but her robes and bed, and that wasn’t entirely unintentional.

Gingerly making her way to the edge of her tent, the dragoness looked down at her now mature, well-endowed body. The nightgown was about as modest as her normal clothing, and she doubted anyone would stop her on the way to Say’ri’s nearby tent. Carefully treading through the night air, she slipped into the swordswoman’s tent. She approached the sleeping swordswoman quietly, and a grin spread across her face. Taking the unconscious woman’s hand, she pressed it against her still warm crotch, and peed. She only went for ten or so seconds, fresh pee soaking down her shapely legs and rewetting her nightdress. Her eyes were focused on Say’ri’s panty clod crotch, and partway through her release the other woman’s bladder followed suit.

Her white panties were quickly soaked, urine pooling around her bottom and soaking the makeshift bed. Tiki reached down with her other hand and expertly applied pressure to Say’ri’s stomach. The swordswoman let out a soft groan and shifted in her sleep, but under Tiki’s touch her body soon settled and a light crackling could be heard as her bowels began to release. The mess spread along her bottom and up her back a bit as soft poo filled her panties and spread all around, staining the bed and her underwear. Satisfied, Tiki stepped back and watched the woman complete her accident with a mischievous smile. Suddenly, a problem occurred to her. She had come to get Say’ri’s help cleaning up, but…she didn’t want to wake her up after having just done this, and get scolded by the more prim and proper woman. Considering her options, she gave the messy samurai one last look and then quietly snuck back to her own tent.

Laying back down on her wet bed, she could feel her bladder protesting. Releasing several long spurts had made it hungry for release. Her bowels seemed to be interested as well, after watching Say’ri empty hers. The Voice shifted on her bed, crossing her long legs and reminiscing. The dream from earlier reminded her of another scene, one where she had just blossomed into her full adult form.

The time of the Hero King was long past now. Tiki had slept for a long time, and when she awoke she found those she had known gone. There were rumors that Robin and Draug and Michalis, the unkillable trio, and perhaps some others, had outlived the rest of the soldiers of the great hero-king and headed off to new lands, but Tiki hadn’t found more than rumors. She had sat in her temple and cried for nearly a day, inconsolable by her attendants, who had been quite surprised at her awakening, and her new form. During this time, she found that it seemed she no longer needed to use the bathroom, though she had wet the bed many a time during her long sleep, unbeknownst to her.

She didn’t understand, of course, that her now adult body had an even more absurd holding capacity than her smaller form. Finally, a messenger brought good news. One of the heroes of the war of shadows still lived. Merric, the wielder of Excalibur and longtime pontifex of Khadein, still lived. He had always been extremely kind to Tiki, and as she pictured the young, green haired mage, she felt something unfamiliar stir. A sense of lust, or longing. Bantu had told her stories, stories of princesses and knights, and Xane had told her things too, illicit things and questionable tales. She thought she might know what this feeling was. But…Merric was happily married to Marth’s sister?

A quick question to the attendant answered that confusion, however. Lord Merric’s beloved wife had passed away a long time ago. He was the only one left…

“Take me to where he resides now.” Tiki commanded, rising up and assuming a more authoritive pose, helped by her newly added height. The attendant was clearly surprised, but nodded, and soon enough the Voice was in a carriage on her way to see Merric.

When she arrived, Tiki wasted no time requesting a private audience with Merric. It seemed he was living in a remote retreat, a relatively fancy house with a few apprentices. Her attendants returned to the temple, and she was led by a brown haired boy, apparently one of Merric’s apprentices, to a decorated room. Drinks were already waiting, and she sipped tea until the door swung open. Merric stepped in, pulling back his ornate hood. His green eyes sparkled, and he looked just as young as she remembered him.

A chill shot through her. Why hadn’t he changed…did this mean he would live as long as her….she wouldn’t have to lose him…her resolve doubled immediately as she jumped to conclusions. A gust of wind shut the door behind him, but he seemed to freeze as he took in her new form, and her perceptive eyes detected more than a bit of lust in his eyes before he shoved it aside. She immediately rose, leaping forward and wrapping the now shorter man in a hug. “Merric!” she cried excitedly, unintentionally nearly smothering him in her massive breasts.

He returned the embrace, but carefully extracted himself from her grip a moment later. “Tiki…you’re awake again!” he exclaimed. “And…you’ve grown.” He looked her up and down, blushing.

Tiki nodded, grinning. “It’s…new. But first, how are you still here? Everyone else is gone or left.” She added, her voice becoming a bit sad.

Merric nodded, his expression darkening as well. “Some still live. I haven’t had contact with Robin in a while but…they’re still around. As for me…magic, I suppose. I captured Gharnef’s research, and well…thanks to what he learned from you, he became immortal, and I did as well. There was nothing evil about the result, only the method used to obtain it.” The mage added with a shrug. “Unfortunately, Elice was too frail to receive the treatment, and so I lost her.” He paused, then brightened a bit. “I suppose we’ve both lost loved ones, but at least some of us still made it.”

Tiki nodded, thankful she had managed to avoid crying this time at the mention of Marth and company. “If you don’t mind, I’d like to stay here for a while, Merric.” She said, this time consciously pausing as she realized she should call him lord, but decided against it.

Merric nodded. “I’d like that, Tiki. Let me show you to a room, and then show you around.”

It turned out soon enough that Tiki didn’t need her own room in anything more than name. Her new desires were fierce, and Merric wasn’t exactly opposed to Tiki’s new beauty. The thing that stood out most to her, however, was the third morning.

Tiki awoke, hearing a knock at the door. From beside her, she felt Merric rise, and he called “Give me a moment!” he turned to Tiki, who was definitely not supposed to be in his bedroom. “Just stay hidden under the covers, alright?” he whispered. The dragoness nodded, and her tossed the blankets fully over her before rising, pulling on a robe and answering the door.

Tiki hid beneath the blankets nervously as she heard the door open and the sound of one of Merric’s apprentices speaking, then entering the room. She held still beneath the blanket, but she had a horrible realization. She was about to pee herself. And even worse. This wasn’t supposed to happen, she didn’t have to do this anymore, right? She was a grown up, she didn’t have accidents! She held the blanket a bit back from her awkwardly so she could squirm, clenching and unclenching her legs and pressing her bottom against the bed. The pressing feeling in her bowels was growing heavier, and her bladder let out a short spurt, soaking her red panties. She couldn’t lose it, it might alert the apprentice! But she couldn’t hold everything any longer either, and the squirming was sure to be noticed. So she did the unthinkable.

She lifted up her bottom slightly, and carefully relaxed her bowels. Soft, smooth mess flowed out of her almost immediately, expanding and filling her red panties. Her new capacity didn’t stop there, however, and she regretted that her leggings were still on as it expanded into them. These ones were a bit different from normal, covering the entirety of her legs. She grimaced as she continued to helplessly push soft mess into them, desperately hoping she wouldn’t fart, and that the smell wouldn’t spread. She messed herself for several minutes, the accident getting worse and worse, finally escaping her full leggings and staining the bed beneath her. She blushed, imagining what would happen if the pair found her like this.

She was a bit confused, however, when she realized the thought was extremely arousing. She felt herself getting a bit wet at the image, and tried to collect herself. She had to admit, the warm mess felt kind of good, but…the idea of humiliation did too, at least a little bit. She resolved to explore this feeling a bit more later, and turned her attention to her quivering bladder. Their conversation seemed to be coming to a close, but she couldn’t hold it anymore, either. Pee began to flow from her, first slowly then increasing in pace. It mixed with the soft mess around her, soaking her red panties and pink leggings, then funneling into the bed. It felt so good. She heard the door close, and let out a moan, reaching down and rubbing herself through her wet panties.

“Tiki? What are you doing?” she heard Merric ask, but there was a haze of pleasure over her senses. The blankets were suddenly pulled away, and a green haired head peered over her, clearly confused.

Tiki grinned up at him, pausing her masturbation. Her face was a fierce blush, but she reveled in it. “I’ve been a naughty girl. Why don’t you punish me?” it was a line she had heard from Xane’s stories, and she wasn’t sure what it meant. Merric blinked, seemingly at a loss for words, and Tiki figured he didn’t know what she expected from it anymore than she did. Reaching up, she used her surprising strength, even in human form, and pulled him down on top of her, still peeing herself.

Back in reality, Tiki was extremely desperate. Shifting, squirming, holding herself, every part of her, from her large breasts to her shapely legs was bouncing. She couldn’t sit still, couldn’t keep from releasing a short leak or wet fart every so often. Couldn’t stop herself from getting a bit wet as she squirmed. She missed Merric. Chrom and his army were nice enough, but she wanted him back.

Suddenly, the flap of her tent opened. She turned, heart racing, and felt a small stream of pee make its way into her panties. Her eyes caught sight of the figure, and she froze in fear, face going white. A man in dark robes, blue shadows flaring around him in the pattern of Imhullu, a spitting image of Gharnef save for the slight coloring of his flames. The walk was all too reminiscent of her time in his clutches, approaching to rape her mind once again, and she broke.

The normally unbothered and calm dragoness fell apart. Sobbing, she pushed back against the wall of her tent, entire body trembling, not from desperation but from fear. She soiled herself like a frightened child, her bladder and bowels pushing powerfully. Pee streamed out of her like a jet, her red nightgown completely flooded in an instant, saturating the bed beneath her and puddling on the floor, the absolute cascade of pee seemingly never-ending. Her bowels fared no better, and fearful mess, first solid, then getting softer, pushed into her panties. It easily filled them to capacity, escaping into her gown, and onto the bed. She felt herself unable to move, to even reach for her dragonstone. All she could do was cower and soil herself.

As the figure approached, he stopped a short distance away. Reaching up, he pulled back his hood, and the blue flames cleared to reveal a set of familiar, piercing green eyes. “I see you were so excited to see me you forgot your potty training.” Merric said, unable to keep the joy at seeing Tiki out of his voice despite her fearful reaction. “We’ll have to work on that.” Tiki’s fearful trembling became a squeal of pure joy, and she tackled him, still relieving herself into her clothes. There was no hostility, for she was just as likely to play such a prank. There was only joy and love, as strong as the fear had been.

*014*2017-03-29 05:05

Fire Emblem Heroes: The Blue Crow

(This is a short Fire Emblem Heroes piece, inspired by the recent Grand Battle. Michalis will be acting the role of summoner, since not only is he in contention for character I relate the most too but he is the most appropriate person to deal with a squad of soiled women. It would feel reeeeallly weird to self-insert here, especially as a squid, so we’re going with that. Anyway, smut things, meet the big boob squad apparently. Not sure why it ended up this way, but it did.)

Michalis looked over his squad approvingly. The forces of the Order of Heroes had grown quickly since he had joined their ranks, but he had selected his personal squad carefully. Each of the four women was a powerful and fierce fighter, quite capable on the battlefield. They all were excellent at following orders, even if Tiki was known to occasionally fall asleep on the job. All four were loyal, and even more importantly, submissive. Just the way he liked his women. Minerva had always been his, loyally and willingly.

Sheema had a tough exterior, but once he broke through she crumbled before him. Kagero was completely loyal to him, as her master, and his appreciation for her more…morbid tastes in both art and pleasure and her intense dedication to duty had formed a quick bond between the ninja and the two Macedonians. Minerva made a request, and soon enough Kagero was just as willing. Tiki had seemed harder at first, but with some prodding from Minerva, the dragoness had been willing to try…and for someone who had gone for so long without pleasure like this, she had eagerly joined after that.

Today, he was tasked with assaulting the fortress of Ursula, the Blue Crow, a powerful mage knight. The four women were arrayed before him, ready to go through the same ritual they did before every mission. They were not permitted to use the bathroom during normal time without his permission, so they were allowed to relieve themselves before setting out a mission. It helped clean out their system for the special drug each took. The concoction was powerful, enhancing the women’s muscles and reactions. It had the nasty side effect of being a powerful diuretic and laxative, however, as the body processed waste extremely fast.

Which was why Michalis had selected it, of course. His girl’s didn’t actually need the help. The four of them stood in a line, each of them dressed in only undergarments. All four had their large breasts exposed, the four of them surprisingly similar in their large breasts. It was a surprise Minerva and Sheema managed with their tight armor, as opposed to the loose clothing of the other two.

As always, he approached Tiki first. The girl often dozed off while waiting, and today was such a time. He could see the first trickles of pee trailing down the dragonesses legs as she dozed, lacking control in her sleep. Raising the Breidablik, he fired a shot right beside her head, the resounding crack echoing through the courtyard. He grinned as he heard a fierce hiss from between Tiki’s leg as the manakete was startled awake. He heard a louder, ruder sound, and looked down the line.

Sheema was doubled over, blushing brightly. She managed to keep her bladder under control, but her bowels were a different story. The princess was filling her brown boyshorts in surprise at the shot, the undergarments sagging rapidly underneath the weight of the fearful release. Soft mesh pushed its way out and fully filled the garments before it finally stopped. Blushing, Sheema stood, staring at the ground away from everyone. The other two held it better, neither Kagero nor Minerva reacting. Both were too dedicated to their task to react here: Michalis expected them to hold it until their turn, and so they would.

Turning back to Tiki, he watched in satisfaction as the otherwise naked girl soaked her light pink panties, the material turning see through as she released a torrent into them. She looked meekly up at Michalis, trembling as the shot of the gunshot and the following accident wore off. The tall man cupped her breast as she peed, and the dragoness trembled harder. He played with them a bit, but stopped and gave her no further pleasure as she finished peeing. She looked a bit disappointed, but hugged him closely, pressing her breasts against him. “I’ll do better next time.” she said quietly, then pulled back. He raised his gun, and glowing light enveloped her. When it faded, she was standing in clean clothes, her normal red robes. Taking an offered glass, she downed her dose of the drug, returning to her place in line.

Next, he moved to Kagero. The ninja was as still as a statue, the tiniest of trembles running through her occasionally. “You’ve done well. You may release.” He told her. “And I only want one of you today.” The ninja nodded in reply, and the replica that stood guard over the door suddenly vanished, absorbed into her. Its overfull bladder was absorbed as well, and suddenly pee was spraying freely from her, the combination of the two of the ninja’s powerful bladders urine certainly too much for one. Her dark black boyshorts dampened immediately, and her shapely, powerful legs quickly soaked with pee.

She let out a loud moan of relief, and something more as Michalis’s mouth moved down to her nipples. With his help, she climaxed into her underwear soon after, extremely vulnerable to the intense pleasure of holding for so long and then losing it. Panting, she slumped forward, clinging tightly to the powerful man for a moment before letting go, standing back at attention once again. He raised his gun, and a moment later she was dressed in her usual uniform. Taking her own dose of the drug, she gulped it with ease. She was the one who crafted it, after all.

Next, he moved to Sheema. Looking the ashamed woman up and down, he tsked. “You should know better, Sheema.” Lifting the large woman up with ease, he motioned to Kagero. The ninja’s replica appeared, moving to hold up the princess as he prepared to punish her. Another trait all the women shared was incredible strength, and the replica had no issues holding Sheema’s large body aloft either. Without hesitation, he slammed his hand down against her messy bottom, again and again.

Sheema whimpered in pain and humiliation, and soon after the sound of her next shameful accident was audible as her bladder emptied, each spank forcing out a larger spurt, until she was full blown peeing. The princess was the most submissive of all of them, however, and pee wasn’t the only fluid leaving her. As he spanked her one final time, she gave a quiet moan and came in her boyshorts, panting heavily. Looking up at Michalis, she grinned weakly. “I’ve been a bad girl. I’ll need them this time.”

Michalis stepped back, letting Kagero set Sheema upright, then fired. The golden light enveloped Sheema, slightly different this time. While her clothes and underwear were replaced, and her armor formed around her, Sheema had an additional item; a padded white protective garment formed around her fresh boyshorts, safely hidden beneath her heavy armor. Taking her glass, she drank it, and Michalis moved on.

The last girl was Minerva, dressed in simple red panties, stoic as usual. Taking his hand, he reached into those panties, fingers slipping into her with practiced ease. “You can release.” He told her, before his lips met hers in a powerful kiss. Her body gyrated with his fingers as he expertly worked her, and pee sprayed out of her bladder as she cried out in pleasure. The dark red material was completely soaked by the time she climaxed all over his fingers, and she peed for a solid 30 seconds after he removed his fingers. Grinning up at him, she whispered, “Thank you,” before standing back and composing herself once again. He raised his gun, and her wet panties disappeared, replaced by her signature brilliant red armor. She took the drink and downed it.

Satisfied, Michalis returned to the center of the line, looking over each of the girls. “You each have your jobs. I expect nothing less than perfection from you. And I will happily reward it. The girls nodded, and Minerva mounted her wyvern before the four women disappeared through a golden portal, taken directly to Ursula’s hideout, followed by their master.

The two guards standing at the gate barely had time to react as a flash of golden light lit the sky, and four women dropped from the portal. Suddenly, a Wyvern reared up in front of them with an ear shattering roar, and both guards broke. The blonde collapsed in a tearful mess, quietly pleading “please don’t hurt me” as she pissed in her armor, yellow liquid soaking the standard issue suit. The back bulged out as well, a smelly mess expanding the bottom of her leather pants. The other guard fared a little better, standing her ground as piss trailed down her legs. She took a stab at the large creature, but fell back in fright as its jaws bit off the far half of her weapon. Staring up at the creature, she looked between its hungry maw and the cold, emotionless gaze from its rider and just cowered, the sound of her pushing fearful mess into her pants quite audible.

The four women ignored the terrified guards, approaching the large gate that sealed off the entrance to the castle. They all paused in front of it, momentarily halted and all four starting to feel the effects of the drugs, both needs making themselves known. "Sheema, Kagero, tear us a way in." Minerva commanded, and both women nodded and stepped forward.

Sheema gripped the bars with both hands, waiting until both Kagero and her clone had grabbed the sides of where she was pulling before she began. Both girl's powerful muscles strained, and slowly but surely they tore open a wide hole in the gate. There was an audible hissing as both Kagero and her clone released a steady stream of piss during the process, her straining muscles forcing a loss of control. The release soaked her black boyshorts and trickled down the inside of her muscular thighs, occasionally a drop of pee being flung wide as her legs trembled with effort. It was a bit reminiscent of trembling with desperation and losing slowly losing control, really. She was sure Michalis enjoyed the view from wyvernback. She shuddered and let out a soft moan as the though brought pleasurable images to her mind, and her stream redoubled. The ninja, trained as she was, managed to clear her head and continue ripping the bars apart, determined to please her master.

Sheema, despite her powerful build and significant strength, wasn't quite as strong as her companion, and didn't fare as well. As she strained to tear the bars apart, she felt the same slow stream of pee soak her diaper, involuntarily released with her effort. At least it was hidden beneath her armor, and drowned out by the ninja’s dual streams. Suddenly, her progress stalled, and she put everything she had into it. The bars broke off with a resounding snap, and she stumbled forward. Standing, she blushed heavily as she realized the strain had been too much, and her body was pushing soft mess into her diaper.

Unable to hold herself in her armor od do anything to attempt to stop the flow, Sheema leaned forward and groaned, trying to push it all out as quickly as possible. She let out a loud, wet fart, and an explosion of soft mess quickly filled her diaper. Once she finished messing, she stood straight, resisting the urge to try and find something to grind against through her armor as she felt the comforting warmth that was a soiled diaper. Turning to the others, who were patiently waiting, she blushed even more heavily, enjoying every bit of it. "Alright, let’s head inside. We all know our tasks." she said, then turned and led the way, squishing slightly as she walked.

Tiki’s objective was first. The girl walked right down the now empty halls, the guards mobilizing in the staging area to spread out through the castle. But they didn’t have enough time. As Tiki walked, she could feel the drug taking its toll on her dragon size bladder and bowel, and she knew she needed to hurry. Pausing for a moment, the dragoness bent over and let out a quiet fart. She licked her lips in anticipation as she felt a bit of mess stain her panties. They would have a plaything tonight, and as a dragon she had found she liked mortal playthings very much.

Adjusting the spear of the fallen door guard in her hand, she took it in a clumsy grip. Quietly opening the assembling room door, she realized she was backstage. Moving quietly, she peered around the corner, where a tall, muscled blonde woman in chainmail was addressing a gathering of guards. Stepping out, Tiki shouted, “Surrender or she dies!”.

The surprised blonde, clearly a high ranking officer, let out a yelp of surprise. At the same time, her chainmail glistened yellow, her fear response triggered at even the mild sound of Tiki’s shout. A few of the male guards chuckled at this. The blonde turned, and found herself face to face with the relatively weak looking, scantily clad dragoness. She also found said dragonesses spear pressed against her neck. Like most female commanders, the stress of rank had weakened the blonde’s control and willpower, and she stumbled backwards, blubbering fearfully. The back of her chainmail, directed at the crowd of soldiers behind her, rapidly expanded, brown trails even trailing down her legs as she helplessly voided her bowels. The assembled guards burst into laughter, which only made her cry harder.

A scantily clad purple haired woman, dressed in only skimpy leather panties and a similar top, stepped forward, smirking. She brought her axe down in one swift motion, splitting the dragonesses spear in half.

Tiki leaked a long spurt at that, her pink panties darkening and a bit of the stream staining her pink stocking. She tried to step back, but the purple haired woman reached out and grabbed her by the neck, lifting her in the air. The manakete struggled, her large breasts heaving with effort, but she couldn’t escape. The woman turned towards the crowd, holding Tiki by the neck. Tiki felt the air leaving her and let out a choked sound, still struggling.

The suffocation was too much combined with her capture, and Tiki looked around the crowd with wide, fearful eyes as a full force stream of pee erupted from her. Her pink panties were instantly soaked, and the powerful stream falling from between her legs had two equally powerful companions rushing down her legs and soaking her pink leggings. She peed and peed, her massive bladder releasing all of her pent up urine, the puddle beneath her growing larger and larger as the crowd jeered her, called her a child, not eve housebroken. Her puddle mingled with and then quickly overtook the one produced by the still sniffling blonde who had previously been in charge.

Suddenly, the woman behind her spoke. “Mess yourself right now, or I’ll let them have their way with you.”

“No, no, NO!” Tiki replied, once again squirming in the purple haired warrior’s somewhat loosened grip.

“Are you sure? This fate is much worse.” The woman replied. She reached around with her other hand, grabbing Tiki’s flimsy robes and tearing open the front with ease, putting the dragoness’s massive chest on full display to everyone. A good number of people started forward, some men even reaching to unzip their pants.

Tiki shuddered, feeling the fear and euphoria wash through her as so many people oogled her and prepared to do terrible things. But those things were only for Michalis. The woman’s hand groped her full breast, and Tiki whimpered in pleasure. Tiki’s muscles trembled, and a loud “brrrttpptt” heralded her loss of control. A wet mess pushed its way into her pink panties, soaking them before exploding outwards, coating the back of her legs and the back of her dress in an instant. Wet mess continued to flow out of her, splattering onto the ground and even onto the sandal covered feet of the warrior holding her, who stepped back a bit in disgust. The dragoness teared up, and the sight of the helpless, attractive woman was too much for most of the guards. Warning the purple had given or not, they would have her.

“Fine, have fun with her. Just watch out, she isn’t even housebroken enough to have the decency to not shit on when you give her a bit of pleasure.”

Tiki wanted to protest that sometimes people wanted that sort of thing and she was just trained to do it, but she was too rummaging through her pocket. The warrior tossed her, and Tiki landed on her bottom with a wet squish, the perfect image of a formerly confident warrior broken down in the face of such a rape. As they swarmed towards her, however, she clutched her dragonstone, and suddenly instead of a scared infiltrator there was a massive green dragon. The crowd slammed to a halt, cries of fear and the trickle of urine echoing throughout the room, even a few farts and barely audible crinkling. The dragon roared, and then unleashed a powerful cone of brilliant white hellfire, the blast tearing through the assembled guards with ease. All gathered into one area for a massive, overcharged breath, they never stodd a chance.

Tiki turned from the pile of ashes that used to be the enemy guard force. The purple haired warrior was staring at her, struck with fear. Her leather panties were completely saturated, and her legs were glistening with a continuous release of pee, faring no better than the previous officer. As Tiki’s gaze fell upon her, she gulped and pushed a massive lump of poo into her panties, swiftly and forcefully. Turning, she tried to crawl away, not caring she was crawling through her own puddle of pee and dirtying her skimpy garments. She didn’t make it very far before Tiki’s massive clawed foor came down on her back, putting an end to that escapade.

Sheema’s job was a distraction. While Kagero had vanished into the nearby shadows, she was still around here somewhere. Sheema walked into the room outside Ursula’s inner sanctum, the woman’s own personal guards waiting outside. Each was an amazingly fit male, thanks to their commander’s tastes. They turned towards Sheema as she entered, launching a massive barrage of spells and axes, as their paranoid master had bid them to stay close to her. Sheema gulped, but set her massive shield into the ground. A magical wall of force sprung up in response, an invisible wall of energy that deflected any projectiles that weren’t caught by her shield.

The armor knight simply stood behind the shield. Her job was only to distract. But she was fidgeting quite badly the slow trip in heavy armor had taken quite a toll on her ability to hold it. “Please, may I have permission to use the bathroom? I’m about to wet my diaper!” she asked no one in particular, wishing someone else was there. Pretending she got a no, she squirmed in her armor more. “But…but…I’m about too…” she never finished her sentence, as her bladder gave out and warm pee soaked her diaper. She moaned in pleasure, washed away by it, and felt her bowels start to force out soft, warm mush into her diaper as well. She basked in her release, exhilarated. When it was finished, she turned and sat down, leaning back against her shield and moving around a bit to squish the mess around a bit beneath her armor. She wished Michalis had done more for her before the mission, she couldn’t do anything to relieve her desires in this heavy armor.

A short while later, she felt a strong hand on her shoulder suddenly appear out of nowhere, and in front of her she saw black armor. Barely stifling a scream, she released a powerful fear response into her diaper, all of her bladder that had filled up in the intervening time fountaining into her protective garment, this release exceeding its capacity and some running down her legs, much too her delight. Looking up, she breathed a sigh of relief as she saw it was only one of Kagero’s duplicates. “I’ve had an accident, Mistress Kagero…” she mumbled, blushing and looking away.

“Oh have you? Well, let’s check on that, shall we?” the ninja’s voice lit up, at least relative to her normal dutiful and neutral tone. She almost sounded like her friend Orochi, eager to take advantage of situations like these. The stronger woman pushed Sheema to the ground, eliciting an eep from the armored woman. The ninja’s breasts were pressed against hers, and she could feel it even through the armor.

Reaching down, Kagero nimbly maneuver through her armor in a way no one should be able to with her fingers, a few seconds later releasing the crotchplate and exposing Sheem’s wet diaper. “My, you’ve been quite the naughty girl.” Kagero commented. Her expert hand slipping through Sheema’s armor, taking advantage of the hole and beginning to pleasure the large woman through her diaper. Sheema moaned aloud, and Kagero grinned as she helped the armor knight relieve her sexual tension as they bother hid behind the magical barrier, projectiles bouncing off left and right.

Meanwhile, the real Kagero slipped by invisibly, sneaking into Ursula’s quarters. The distracted guards never had a chance against her stealth combined with her ninja’s invisibility.

Inside, Ursula was carefully changing out of a pair of heavily soiled blue silk panties, her bed visibly wet and soiled. Kagero lay in wait, and the sorceress finished her cleanup, dressing in a fresh pair of blue panties and donning her enchanted robes, then turned to head out and join her guards in defending the location, tome in hand. Kagero slipped out of the darkness, drawing a knife and lunging for Ursula-and suddenly she felt herself lose all strength from her muscles. The knife fell limply form her hand, and Ursula’s cackling laughter was audible as Kagero found herself suspended in the air in front of the mage by a magical trap, her strength drained. Her full bladder and bowels were suddenly nearly impossible to hold and her powerful muscles strained weakly, the effort visible on her face, drops of sweat falling down her defiant face.

“My, you’re a strong one.” Ursula commented. She circled Kagero, grinning as she surveyed the ninja’s impressive body. Kagero stared back blankly, her eyes defiant and fierce. Inside, however, she was excited. The ninja wasn’t exactly bad at her job. Her allies had often questioned how she so often managed to get caught and in need of rescue, when they could never find her in training exercises until it was too late. The secret was she enjoyed this sort of situation a fair bit. And it was easy to do in her line of work, get captured, then escape and get the job done.

“I’m going to enjoy breaking you.” Ursula declared, licking her lips. She probably didn’t have time for this now but…the girl was so tempting. Hands crackling with lightning from her tome, Ursula stepped up to Kagero. “Piss yourself right now, girl. You’re nothing but a dog to me.” The ninja glared back impassively, showing no response. Ursula growled. “Fine, have it your way.” She lashed out, a shocking fist slamming into Kagero’s stomach.

The ninja screamed in pain and pleasure. Electricity coursed through her weakened muscles, and Ursula’s punch was already magically empowered. There was absolutely nothing she could do, try as she might, to stop the sudden explosion into her black boyshorts. Pee sprayed out like an out of control hose, the ninja’s bladder honed from long hours of stealth missions and guarding and almost on par with Tiki’s. Her boyshorts were absolutely drenched, and her long, powerful legs glistened with pee as they were soaked, her leg guards gaining the same sheen. Her bowels convulsed, and she pushed a solid load into her boyshorts, then another. Wave after wave of solid mess painfully forced its way out thanks to the violent strike, and Kagero fell to one knee, convulsing as her powerful muscles pushed out a massive load into her shorts, some escaping and piling at the side of her feet.

Out in the corridor, the duplicate on top of Sheema gasped and had a similar accident, its own bladder and bowels releasing simultaneously with Kagero’s. Sheema, beneath her, eagerly lapped at her stream, but most of it soaked the armor knight, further soiling her heavy plate armor.

As she grinned in satisfaction, Ursula heard the sounds of pee hitting the ground behind her. She started to turn, but it was too late. A duplicate was behind her, pressing the cold steel of a dagger to her neck. She felt the blade bite into it, and she followed suit with her blonde officer, her body resorting to the infantile functions of incoherent begging and soiling herself. Her clean blue panties and blue robes were soaked with fear induced pee, rapid fire streams leaking through her panties and down her legs as she tried again and again to cut off the flow. Her bowels reacted similarly, dropping a small soft lump, then again, then again with the pace increasing as her tenors attempts to regain control failed. She didn’t feel the knife cut any deeper as she finished relieving herself in her dress, but she felt the knockout drug flow through her a moment later, and she collapsed to the floor.

Minerva’s job was to seek out the enemy general who was stationed at the fort. She was a high ranking officer, and would be nearly as important to capture as Ursula. Her guards were said to be four amazon spearwomen, the best of the best. So it was Minerva’s job to deal with them.

Soaring through the high corridors, not nearly as far above ground as she was used too, Minerva soon came upon the general’s party. The four women her surrounded, and the general herself, barely recognizable in her thick armor, was in the midst. Seeing Minerva approach, she retreated to the back, drawing a bow. The other fourstepped forward, setting lances.

Minerva continued on unheeded, grinning maliciously. The bowstring twanged, and the wyvern knight felt a familiar warmth fill her panties as she reacted to the sound that all too often meant doom for flyers. The leak wasn’t too significant, however, and the shield Michalis had lent her, Iote’s legendary artifact, absorbed the arrow without so much as a dent. Then she was in the midst of them, weaving in and out, striking out and slipping back with ease.

The large women, dressed all in tight leather trousers and no shirts, didn’t fare well. Their spears fought with a disadvantage already, and Minerva was fast and ferocious, in combination with her wyvern. She quickly drove one into the corner, dodging the others, and her axe swipe cut the wall above the women, narrowly missing her neck thanks to her timely collapse. The close call was too much for her, however, and she fainted, drooling as she completely soiled herself, her leather trousers rapidly filling with pee and poo.

One brave amazoness tried to take advantage of Minerva’s back being turned, and the wuvern’s stinger caught her right in the exposed abdomen. Wave after wave of poison pumped into her, and she fell back, the muscles controlling her bladder and bowels completely ruined, consumed by poison. She twitched and stumbled as poison wracked her body, a yellow and brown waterfall consuming her trousers as she pushed liquid fear of both kinds into her clothes, unable to do anything else.

Minerva turned her wyvern, and its jaws lashed out, catching one of the women by the leg and flinging her up in the air like a cat playing with a mouse, her spear tossed wide. The woman lost control, desperately trying to free herself from the wyvern’s jaws, and liquid pee and poo sprayed everywhere as she shamefully lost control, obvious to all. The wyvern turned and let out a terrifying roar at the last remaining guard and the general. The amazoness, horrified by the scene before her, let out a loud ppbbllrrt as she released a foul smelling mass into her trousers. The bright yellow tint of her trousers as she fearfully pissed them was also obvious, and she didn’t provide any resistance when Minerva flew past her.

The general was fleeing, as best she could in her armor. To Minerva’s disappointment, there didn’t seem to be any signs of an accident. She swiftly caught up with the general, bringing Hautclare down in a powerful swipe, attempting to cleave her in two. She misjudged because of the particularly heavy armor layers, however, and the axe cleaved right through the heavy plate, narrowly missing the general’s actual body. This did serve, however, to expose the horribly soiled diaper that the general wore beneath her armor, massive and thick. It was showing signs of being filled once again, and it didn’t look like it could take much more.

Satisfied, Minerva dismounted, taking a moment to compose her pressing needs before approaching the fallen general. A moment’s inspection had shown her the general had fainted at the first attack against her. “Weakling.” The dragon knight muttered, rising. Suddenly, she felt a powerful blow slam into her body, its impact reverberating through her entire body. She let out an uncharacteristic, shocked yelp, and suddenly she was peeing. The cracks in her ornate red armor let yellow liquid spill through, and she blushed furiously as she turned towards the source of the slap, Michalis. “To lose control to that, after doing so well.” The redhaired princess lamented.

“You did well. No need to be ashamed.” Michalis told her. The princess nodded, and bent over, groaning with effort as she began to push a large mess into her red silk panties. Michalis reached forwards, finding the quick release straps built into her armor and triggering them. A moment later, Minerva’s armor clattered to the floor, and she was dressed only in a red bra and red panties, wet and currently being soiled. Michalis’s hands moved to her breasts, pushing her bra aside, and Minerva fiercely leaned up and kissed the taller man, her kiss ferocious and needy as she continued to shit herself.

“Mission accomplished.” Michalis declared before his lips were stolen by the princess before him.

*015*2017-05-21 16:18

A Princess’s Journey

(So, here’s a short Celica piece in honor of Echoes release. There will be at least one other, slightly darker piece likely but I’ll have to be convinced to put down Echoes again first.)

It was time to set off. They would journey to the Temple of Mila, and discover what had gone wrong with the land. Celica clutched her small, golden dagger, looking a confident than she felt. The group headed towards the exit, a somewhat ragtag bunch. Celica was in the lead, beautiful white dress swishing as she walked. She looked pristine. Behind her, Mae followed, carrying a thunder tome and wearing an armored breastplate and only something that could barely be described as a skirt below it. It was liable to flash her cute pink underwear from the side with each step. Following behind her was Beoy, a white haired young man dressed in fine black clothes. Bringing up the rear was Genny, a girl dressed in the pure white robes of a traditional cleric.

When they reached the area near the entrance, Celica paused. “Before we leave for good, you should all make sure to drink deeply of the holy fountains.” she told them. Moving over to one, she took a long drink, letting out a contented sound as she felt the shrine’s power fill her. The others followed suit, and the party exited a few minutes later, Celica looking considerably more confident.

A few hours into their journey, however, the princess certainly didn’t feel nearly as confident. The holy water was taking its toll on her bladder, and she in desperate need of a stop. She couldn’t tell if Mae was in a similar predicament, the other girl engaged in a heated argument with Boey about the nature of birds. The discussion had been going on for at least half an hour, spurred by the presence of ravens watching them. Genny, on the other hand, looked like she was feeling it. She was even quieter than usual, sticking near the back of the group and fidgeting considerably. Soon enough, the group reached the graveyard they would have to pass through to press on.

Looking around, Celica decided this might be a decent place to stop. There were large mausoleums and monuments that might make good places to take cover behind(seriously, how else do you explain 60% avoid increase. Dammit Gaiden.). “Let’s take a break here, alright? A few moments to rest our weary feet.” Celica told the others.

“Really? In a graveyard?” Boey asked, looking around fearfully.

“Oh don’t tell me you’re scared of terrors!” Mae scolded, smirking. “It’ll be fine. This place is just us and the dead.”

Boey didn’t look convinced, but he nodded and made his way over to a relatively open space to sit down, trying to avoid gravestones.

Mae turned towards one of the larger buildings, moving towards it. Turning back to Boey, she called, “And keep your eyes over there!” She rounded the corner of the building a moment later.

Celica smiled slightly to herself. Leave it to Mae to break the ice. She glad to not have to go through the ordeal of trying to politely excuse herself. Sometimes it was nice to have someone so improper along.

Genny moved up beside her, tugging on her sleave. “What is it Jenny?” she asked.

“I..umm…I’ll be gone a bit.” the cleric told her, blushing slightly. Celica almost started to question further, but a long, low fart from the priestess answered her question.

“Alright, got it.” she replied, grimacing a bit as the sound made her realize she could use that sort of relief as well, relatively soon. But there was no way she was doing that out here, she told herself. Meanwhile, Genny, blushing furiously, retreated the direction Mae had gone but a bit further back.

A moment later, Celica hear a piercing scream from where Mae had gone. It took all of her willpower to not lose it then and there. A considerable burst of warmth stained her panties, but she managed to contain herself otherwise. Drawing her dagger, she looked over to Boey, who was already rising, tome in hand, and the pair raced around the corner of the large mausoleum. What they saw stopped both of them dead in their tracks.

Mae was sat on her bottom, skirt spread around her, puddle rapidly forming beneath her. The source of her fear was quickly evident, the massive zombielike creature towering over her. It was taller than an average human with long, sharp claws. A terror! A hissing was audible as Mae continued to fearfully empty her bladder into her pink panties, soaking them completely through. Her splayed legs glistened with her release.

Celica felt her own bladder give out a bit at the sight. A powerful burst of pee escaped her, saturating her white silk panties and a trickle escaping down her leg, the princess all too aware of the warm trail falling down her limb. But surely they could take on one terror? She had been much more confident in dealing with such threats in her conversation with the priest. She hadn’t had a real fight since…since she was a kid back in the village with Alm. Suddenly, there was another scream, and she looked around, searching for its source.

It was a mistake. There were almost a dozen of the monsters, large, clawed horrifying things, rising up from the gravestones. A little ways from them, Genny was crouched behind a gravestone, dress lifted in the air. Celica had a perfect view of her innocent white panties turning brown at the back as a rapid flow of soft mess entered them at the sight of such a monster rising out of the grave in front of her. The cleric dropped her dress and scrambled backwards, the white material of that turning brown as well as she continued to fearfully push poo into her panties, a brown stain forming on the back of her dress.

Looking around at all the foes, Celica was overcome by fright. The golden dagger fell from her hands, and she didn’t even notice as the trickle she was releasing turned into a waterfall. Her bladder swiftly released its stored up burned, pee cascading in a hundred trails down bother her legs, soaking her leggings and puddling beneath her. Just as her bowels began to follow suit and began to involuntarily push a log of poo into her panties, a call of “Fire!” rang out, Boey unleashing a furious barrage of magic. The sound snapped her out of it, and she clamped down on her body. Standing awkwardly with a log of poo halfway into her panties, she carefully bent down and picked up her golden dagger, drawing a fire tome with her other hand. The monster Boey hit didn’t seem dead yet, so she unleased her own blast of fire, channeling through the golden dagger. Under their combined assault, they felled the beast. But more were coming.

Unfortunately, there was a side effect to magic: it drained your strength. As Celica unleashed another blast of fire, she could already feel her muscles being to weaken. A soft pfftt escaped her botton, then a slightly louder one, this one accompanied by the log fully slipping into her panties, sagging them a bit. Celica didn’t have time to worry about that, however, and it made it a bit easier to keep control of her bowels now that the log was fully released, even if it did leave her with soiled panties. I just shit myself! What kind of princess shits herself? If the situation wasn’t so dire, Celica might have paused to consider the problem further, but more monsters were upon them. The three mages slowly retreated backwards, circling around Genny. The cleric worked hard, staff flashing with magic again and again as she kept the trio healed, both from stray blows from the monsters and from the negative effects of their own magic.

Very often farts were audible from Mae as she continued to cast, thunder and lightning crackling across the battlefield. A powerful hissing came from behind Celica, and she knew Genny had lost the battle against her own bladder, the strain of constantly channeling healing magic taking its toll. But they were winning.

The enemies numbers were few, but a large monster, the size of an ogre, was rushing at them now. Genny let out a shriek of fear and a short hiss of releasing urine as it charged. Celica summoned up the energy to cast another spell as it charged, but paused as her stomach dropped. She could barely hold the renewed pressure, and she realized that if she cast this spell she would definitely shit herself. Not just the slight accident she had now, full blown couldn’t hold it soiled her panties beyond recovery shit herself. She couldn’t bring herself to do it. She wasn’t some little girl. Dropping her fire tome, she leaped forward to engage the giant monster as electricity arced out from Mae and fire lashed out from Boey, the male mage cleaning up the last of the smaller monsters.

The red haired warrior priestess slammed the golden dagger into the things eye with an impressive leap. Between the lightning and the dagger, it tumbled back a bit, but kept coming. Its huge hand snatched Celica up, tearing the dagger from her grasp and leaving it embedded in the monsters head. Squeezing Celica in its massive hand, it looked down at her with its horrific visage and let out a piercing shriek, its maw bending down almost as if to bite her head off.

Celica returned a scream of her own, closing her eyes and praying. “Mila please!” she cried fearfully. Her hold on her bowels vanished as fear completely overtook her, and with a loud bllpptt her panties rapidly expanded, firm log after firm logging pushing their way out of her and testing the capacity of her garment.

“Celica!” Mae shouted, helplessly continuing her barrage of lightning. Her eyes caught on the golden dagger embedded in the beast, and she focused all her power, channeling a massive amount of lightning into the magic conductive dagger like a lightning rod. She could feel her muscles trembling, then failing as she channeled so much energy, and with a series of rude noises her bowels followed suit to Celicas. The mage’s pink panties were swamped with liquid mess, the gooey substance running down the back of her exposed legs and thoroughly staining them as she released a massive amount of diarrhea that her panties had no hope to contain.

The dagger exploded with energy, and the massive terror’s head followed suit, exploding in a brilliant display of magical energy. Its hand holding Celica fell limp, and the princess fell backwards, landing with an off and a squish on her messy bottom, wincing as the mess squished about. She couldn’t believe she had shit herself like this! What would Mycen think!? What would Alm think!? Suddenly, a pair of arms wrapped around her. “Thank Mila you’re safe.” Genny said quietly, hugging Celica tightly from behind. Beside them, Mae completely collapsed, right in Boeys arms. The male mage had no trouble catching her, a slight grin on his face. There was a bit of awkward silence, but Boey broke it with a comment that earned him an elbow jab from Mae and a giggle from Celica, despite the circumstances. “And you were the one making fun of me for being scared of terrors.” the mage said with distain, looking down at the messy mage in his arms.

*017*2017-05-21 23:13

{{5 hours ago, Mr.Angry-eyes said:

How is it that you managed to fit all this on one page?

}}

The site cares about post count, not word count. I have an old rp whose single pages count up to 50-75 pages of a pdf for each on site page.

*019*2017-05-23 21:31

{{On 5/22/2017 at 2:10 AM, DsGSilver said:

I was wondering how long it'd be until I saw some Echoes content pop up. Nice work.

}}

Thanks! Celica is one of my favorites and now in new shiny modern form she needs more of this stuff of her :P I have a few more things in the works, and hopefully others will play and write some stuff as well.

*021*2017-05-24 23:44

Dungeons and Diapers pt 1

(Was playing through dungeons in echoes and trying to clear fatigue, found myself feeding my units far too many flasks of water. Naturally thoughts turned to omorashi, and I was inspired to write this. Diapers seemed appropriate in this scenario,. so those of you not into that sort of thing, you have been warned. Minor diapers in the first part, heavier use to come in a later one. For once, I find the idea of one of my favorite FE girls being forced into one of these things to wander a dungeon super cute, so that’s what you’re getting. Also, minor spoilers I guess in the fact that the setting exists.)

While Alm settled in to his new duties as king, Celica felt a bit more adventurous. Taking a group of like-minded women from their traveling companions, she set up camp outside the ruins of Thabes. Small parties periodically went in to clear out monsters and hunt for treasure, occasionally the whole group entering at once. Each foray lasted anywhere from hours to days, and the women almost always returned with soaked or soiled clothes. This was quickly becoming a problem, and Celica, after a day-long expedition that left her waddling out of the superdungeon in loaded panties, decided something needed to be done.

So the queen introduced a new rule: parties that entered the dungeon would wear diapers. The garments would stop the problem of clothes being soiled and all the issues that came with walking around in wet and messy clothes for extended periods. It was virtually impossible to find a safe place to stop in the dungeon to relieve yourself or change into fresh clothes, with the numerous and seemingly replenishing monstrous forces within it. Even worse, they were constantly consuming food and water to keep up their strength as they waded through the monstrous hordes, putting significant pressure on their ability to hold it. So, reluctantly, Celica deemed these measures necessary.

There were, of course, complaints. Claire absolutely refused to wear the thing, declaring it “Far too childish for a proper woman such as myself to wear.” Sonya told her in no uncertain terms she would never wear such a humiliating thing, she was an adult who could control herself. Mathilda seconded the notion, declaring she had no need of such a thing and that the thrill of battle would keep her from needing such a garment. Celica gave the three of them an ultimatum: come with her on an outing the next day, and if they made it back clean she wouldn’t press the issue: otherwise they would wear one, all the time, no complaining. Not just in dungeons.. All three agreed, and the next day they set off into the ruins.

Celica led, the way, a slight crinkling audible from her as she walked. The white poofy garment she wore was barely concealed by her skirt, and she desperately wished she was dressed in normal panties instead. But she couldn’t yell at the other three about it and then go without one herself, could she? The four pressed on into the dungeon rather quickly, a half dozen brutal skirmishes ending in the blink of an eye as the powerful women decimated the weaker creatures in the upper layers. Drinks and food were consumed as they fought more and more, and soon enough all four girls could feel a need building rapidly in their bladder and bowels.

Celica was fairly adept at holding, but the thought crossed her mind to just use her diaper as her needs grew. That’s what it was there for, after all. But she held back. Claire was obviously becoming very squirmy as they continued, the way now clear of monsters for a bit. “There’s nothing here but grimy monsters and this awful dust!” she complained. “We should head back.”

“We aren’t heading back empty handed. We have to find something for our efforts.” The redhead replied, but to the displeasure of all her companions. They skirmished a few more times, and farts were audible from Mathilda with each impact of her lance. Soon enough, the party finally came upon a room containing several treasure chests. They eagerly moved in, and Celica was satisfied to see a thin yellow trail trickling down Claire’s leg as the haughty blonde kept squirming.

“Let’s see what we’ve got.” The princess declared, and each woman approached a chest. Celica inspected hers eagerly, the silvery material showing little in the way of a lock. Suddenly, her ears perked up, and she heard a slight crackling sound. Carefully looking behind her, she realized it was coming from Sonya. The mage was standing stock still in front of her own chest, not moving. Even though Celica couldn’t see her expression, she could imagine it. Hey eyes caught the back of the mage’s skirt expanding, a solid load being dropped into her purple panties.

“One down.” Celica whispered to herself. Turning back to the chest, she carefully prodded it with her blessed blade, then channeled magic. A few minutes later, she managed to pop it open with a satisfied click. Reaching in, she drew out a large pouch of silver coins, a slightly disappointed expression flickering across her features. Not an amazing discovery, but not worthless either. Suddenly, she heard a scream from behind her and she swiftly turned, sword up at the ready.

She immediately relaxed at the sight, nearly bursting into laughter. Claire was off her pegasus, lying on her bottom and scrabbling backwards away from a fist sized spider that had apparently decided to make its home in her treasure chest. The growing puddle beneath Claire’s bottom indicated that she did not take well to that realization. Celica launched a bolt of fire into the insect, disintegrating it. “Two down.” Was all she said.

Claire blushed furiously, rising indignantly with a hmmphh. “Being scared doesn’t count.” She protested weakly, her pee stained legs doing little to support her cause. At the mention of two, Sonya let out a slight gasp, blushing and reaching behind to check how visible her accident was. “I-“ the witch could think of no excuse, and followed after Celica, humiliation apparent once she knew the others realized.

A short while later, the group encountered a group of powerful enemies: necrodragons. The fight started out going well, but an enemy cantor they hadn’t noticed continued his summoning, and they were starting to become overwhelmed. At one point, one of the dragon’s bite’s narrowly missed Sonya, its bony head slamming into her chest. She staggered back, a loud hissing noise indicating the blow had decimated her bladder control. She desperately jammed both hands into her crotch, but it was too late, and the wet patch simply expanded along the cloth of the dress where she pressed it.

Celica channeled powerful Serpahim magic again and again, blasting necrodragons out of the sky with ease. Each blast of magic caused a short spurt of pee to soak her diaper, and occasionally she let out a soft fart with the magical detonation. She channeled another Seraphim, and her bladder had enough. She shuddered, the sensation of spreading warmth around her crotch contained instead of slipping out odd to the priestess. She bent over blushing furiously, pressing her hands against her diaper in a vain attempt to stop it. But it was no use. She was pissing her diaper, helplessly using her diaper as a toilet like a girl many fractions of her age. It wasn’t a good feeling.

While Celica was distracted with her own accident, Mathilda suddenly found herself dealing with more dragons than she could handle. Her lance slew a few, but a powerful set of claws grasped her and tore her from her mount, lifting her up into the skeletal face of a necrodragon. It roared, and she whimpered in terror, her control completely crumbling in pure fear. The sounds that came from her were loud and rude as she forcefully shit her pants, the soft mush exploding out of her and overwhelming her panties, spreading inside her armor and caking her powerful legs in muck. Her bladder control collapsed, pee soaking her undergarments and spilling out the seams in her armor. She could feel the warm liquid filing up her boots, and nearly burst in to tears, sniffling like a little girl who had just pissed herself. Suddenly, Claire’s silver lance speared the necromdragon and Mathilda was deposited in a soiled heap on the ground, still helplessly emptying herself into her armor.

Claire wheeled her pegasus around, finally spotting the infuriating cantor. “Die, lowly cretin!” she cried, charging him. He raised his hand, and suddenly her pegasus let out a screech as dark magic overtook them. Claire suddenly found herself unable to move, her body paralyzed with fear as a giant menacing skull of magic loomed over her. She whimpered and a series of unladylike noises she definitely didn’t approve of sounded from her bottom before a series of solid logs were deposited in her panties, smushing about thanks to her mounted position. “This isn’t, proper, I can’t be…oh noooo” she thought to herself as her muscles completely gave into fear, loading her undergarments with disgusting poo. This was simply unacceptable. The mage suddenly disintegrated in a hail of wind blades as both Celica and Sonya unleashed Excalibur upon him, and his summoned dragons vanished, leaving the women unassailed, though thoroughly soiled.

The party had nearly made its way back to the surface. Celica’s pace had slowed a bit, and the priestess couldn’t help but let out a cute fart every few steps as her bowels pressed against her muscles. To make matters worse, she had indulged in plenty to drink and had to piss again, unlike the others who had kept it to a minimum in their attempts to keep themselves dry.

“Celica, dear…you haven’t been forced to make use of your infernal garment yet, have you?” Claire asked innocently.

Celica blushed slightly, the damp feeling in her diaper still present. “No, I haven’t.” she replied. Claire looked at Mathilda, and both girl’s nodded to each other. As they reached the exit, safe from monster attack, both blondes acted. They each grabbed one side of Celica, holding her in place. The priestess struggled, filled with sudden worry. “What are you doing!?” she asked furiously.

“Making sure she join us.” Sonya replied. She stepped forward and began to tickle the priestess.

“Ah-you-!” Celica tried to protest, but she was quickly disabled via tickling. She desperately fought to keep control of herself, the farts growing louder and more rapid. Suddenly, she could stop it no longer, and the sound of her noisily messing her diaper was audible to the other three women. The priestess helplessly pushed solid log after solid log into her diaper, the garment expanding and sagging, a brown stain visible on the outside, the garment now sagging just slightly beneath her skirt. “You’ll pay for that.” The queen managed as they finally released her. She stood unsteadily, grunting as she forced the last bit of poo into her diaper. Shooting each woman a glare, she once again led the way.

“Celica, you’re back!” was the shout that greeted them as they entered camp. “My tent, now.” The queen commanded the three soiled women. They nodded and filed in as Celica found herself wrapped up in a hug, Genny eagerly greeting her return. Unfortunately, the pressure of said hug was too much for her poor bladder, and she nearly groaned aloud as she felt herself piss her diaper once again. The garment wasn’t quite ready for two such accidents, and a bit of glistening liquid escaped down Celica’s exposed leg.

“I’m glad to see you too, Genny. But right now I have to deal with these three misbehavors, alright?” The cleric released her, whispering “Make sure to be nice.” Before nodding and retreating for now.

Celica, now in a thoroughly messed and over-flowingly soaked diaper, retreated to her tent. Three girls awaited her there, and she looked over them sternly. “Now, you all know the deal. All of you pissed yourselves, all of you shit yourself. So get those panties off.” The two blondes reluctantly followed orders, carefully stripping out of their wet clothes. Celica motioned for them to lay down one at a time, and she cleaned them off and dressed them in a fresh diaper. Sonya, pouting, refused to follow orders, standing in the corner defiantly despite her sagging panties. Celica ignored her for now, first getting Claire settled then moving on to Mathilda. The woman squirmed as Celica cleaned her up, even farting once or twice. It was clear she needed to relieve her bowels once again. Once she cleaned up the paladin, Celica helped her to her feet. “Don’t worry, you can go ahead and use it now.” She told Mathilda, patting her diapered bottom.

Celica turned to Sonya. “No, I won’t-!” the mage protested angrily, but Celica snatched her up in a flash, easily handling the mage and laying her out on the table. Sonya gasped and leaked a bit, rewetting the front of her panties. When did Celica become so strong? Had she been holding back when they made her use her diaper at the dungeon? The mage was left to poider this as Celica held her down with ease, stripping off her messy underwear and replacing it with a fresh, white diaper. This one had little flowers on it, and it made Sonya want to curl up in a ball and cry. She was going to have to walk around in this for the duration of their stay here!? “You can put me in this, but I won’t use it. You can’t do this!” the proud woman growled as Celica finished sealing up her diaper.

“You know Sonya, I’m getting sick of your misbehavior. I think it’s time for some real punishment.” The princess nearly giggled in delight. To be honest, the mage’s skimpy clothing and…considerable assets made her a bit jealous, especially whenever she saw Alm looking at them. Even worse, she reminded Genny of her mother, and the mage had recently been taking more of a role in taking care of the cleric, a role which had been Celica’s. Let’s see her be a mother figure in a soiled diaper! Still holding the woman prone, Celica raised her hand, slapping it down hard. Once again her hand rose, and once again it fell.

The loud sound of a spanking echoed through the tent, and Claire and Mathilda watched nervously. It didn’t take long before Sonya was crying tears of humiliation, accompanied by a loud hissing sound as she powerfully pissed her diaper, each impact making the flow increase in power, and force out a small fart. “Celica, stop please…please! No, I’m not a child, I can’t-noooooooooooo!” Sonya wailed in horror as she lost control of her bowels as well. The already yellowed material of her cute diaper darkened further as a wave of soft mush joined her pee stream, the back of the diaper expanding and sagging, her accident obvious to all. The sorceress lay there, sobbing and shitting, unable to believe what was happening to her.

Claire watched in horror. As she watched Sonya break down, the proud noble felt her bladder give out in fear, the chilling thought of the same thing happening to her playing through her head. She began forcefully pissing her diaper the material sagging a bit and rapidly yellowing as she used her diaper like a scared little girl being threatened with a spanking. She hated it, but there was nothing she could do to stop it. What would Gray say when he saw her like this? This was an affront to her rank and stature as a woman of court! But…Celica was the queen.

The red haired priestess forced Sonya to her feet, leaving her standing with the other two. “Now, all three of you will need to come to me for a change. I’ve magically sealed your new protective garments on, so there will be no cheating. You will follow your agreement. Claire looked horrified, the realization dawning on her she would have no choice but to use this juvenile thing. Mathilda farted loudly, the paladin looking distraught at the command, but she realized there was no more point in holding it. Removing the hands tightly clenched to her bottom, the powerful blonde relaxed, letting out a soft moan of relief as she pushed a wave of solid log after solid log into her clean diaper. The garment sagged down, but it was relatively contained inside her armor, unlike Sonya’s which sagged well below her short skirt. The paladin blushed profusely, straightening up and composing herself as she continued to shit her diaper.

“Good girl.” Celica told her. Turning to Sonja, she spoke again. “Since you’ve been a bad girl, all three of you are going to have to wait on a change now. I’ll see you tonight. Now, return to your normal duties.” The three girls, now sufficiently cowed, quickly fled the tent.

A short while after they entered, three women emerged: two very embarrassed blondes staring forlornly at the puffy white garments they wore, and a very angry purple haired mage, whose bottom beneath the diaper showed spank marks thanks to her refusal to cooperate. Inside the tent, Celica stretched out on her bed, still in her messy garment. These girls were a real handful. Good training for being an actual mother, she supposed. And it had felt kind of good to use the thing herself, she admitted. Not as good as without it, but more discreet this way.

Outside, she could hear Genny’s excited voice. “Sonja, you’re back! Oooh, what are you wearing, it looks cute.”

“Don’t touch-“ came Sonya’s reply, cut off once again by Genny.

“Ewww, its leaking! You peed on my hand! You’re even worse at holding it than Tatiana! Aww, it’s all messy on the back too already. Maybe Celica was right, you are a messy little girl who needed one of these.”

“What, I’m not-stop touching it!” she heard Sonya shout, traces of fear and insecurity audible in the witch’s voice. Celica smiled, satisfied with the outcome. She did think these precautions were necessary for the dungeon, and those three would pay a little for their defiance. And as for Sonya…she couldn’t be blamed for a little revenge, could she? Sometimes it was good to be queen. She had certainly earned it.

*023*2017-08-08 03:56

Ruins of Blue Fire

(Some of you may recognize Katarina from a different piece of mine, but this is a different setting. Specifically, the Forgotten realms, in a DnD game I’m in. There may or may not be more stories from there while I figure out what I’m writing for Taylor’s next piece, we’ll see. I still have about four echoes stories to finish too….blargh.)

Katarina missed being on a ship. She would have never thought she would say that, always begrudgingly taking boats in her time on the isles, but hiking through the rough terrain of what remaining of the spellplague razed territory was unpleasant. She missed the wooden planks of the Promise beneath her feet, and she missed even more the comforting presence of the crew. She didn’t like wondering alone, especially with magic so awry. The woods were filled with dangers, the usual banditry and goblinoids alongside creatures driven and and mutated by the Night of Blue Fire. Speaking of which… someone was approaching.

Katarina raised her hands in the ready position, preparing to call her weapon to hand if need be. . In the distance, she could hear the howl of wolves. She needed to make it to Loudwater before the sun fully set. Soon enough, in the dusky light, a woman appeared. She had long dark hair and the telltale ears of an elf. She carried a rapier and wore leather armor, engraved with magical runes. Katarina relaxed at the sight. “Greetings, fellow traveler.” She called out.

“Well met.” Came the reply. “I take it you are also making your way to Loudwater?”

Katarina nodded. It was the only town left intact within a significant radius, so an easy assumption. The wolves howled again, and Katarina shivered. Wolves themselves weren’t that threatening, but in large numbers there was a possibility to go down under a pile of them, and that was not pleasant. “My name is Katarina. But we should hurry. Night grows near.”

“Mine is Vetruvi.” The elven woman nodded, and the two exchanged no more words, only hurrying on their way towards the town, both glancing over their shoulders as the sounds of wolves grew closer.

Katarina wove magic as they ran, masking their scent from the wolves in the hopes that they would go undetected. As they raced towards town, they both spotted a few others heading towards the same destination. The first to come into sight was a human, probably a rogue. They carried several daggers and wore tight leather pants and a similar shirt. Her short dark hair covered one of her eyes. The next was a female paladin, long blonde hair and shining gold plate. She was sweating, clearly tired from running in her heavy armor. She kept glancing over her shoulder. Last in the line was a female dwarf, braided brown hair trailing behind her. Her short legs were lagging behind, and beside her ran some sort of spiritual woman, a spirit companion.

There was no time for talk as the now five moved towards town, but out of the woods ahead of them more humanoids appeared. What they had thought were wolves were instead gnolls. A pack of the nasty creatures, the hyena like humanoids were extremely dangerous in large numbers, well known for their pack hunting. The five skidded to a stop, drawing weapons. Behind them, the sound of goblins bickering and pouring out of the woods to flank them was audible.

Katarina gulped and summoned her greatsword to her hand, taking a defensive stance. Not too far ahead she could see the walls of their destination: they simply needed to push through. The enemies charged, and the stranded adventurers formed up as best they could. The paladin moved down to deal with the goblins, several thrown spears already bouncing off her heavy armor. The dwarf moved to the center, her companion moving to intercept the gnolls. The rogue moved behind the approaching group to flank, and Katarina and Vetruvi simply charged the beasts.

With a roar of rage, Katarina dived into their midst, greatsword striking down hard on one and splitting it in two. Vetruvi followed, her rapier piercing one while a blast of magical force sent another gnoll flying back. But suddenly, they were underneath a swarm of them. Katarina was forced back by the press of their attack, the unnatural resilience of her elan form protecting her from most of their attacks.

Vetruvi, however, was not so lucky. She screamed in pain as gnoll claws tore into her, then another bit her shoulder, and a third shoved a spear into her side. She stumbled back, looking up at the gnolls in pain and horror. She was going to die she was- pissing herself. Hot wetness flooded her leather suit, warmth covering her crotch and bottom and legs as she pissed herself. The shame she felt was a bit overtaken by the imminent threat of death, at least. But suddenly, Katarina was in front of her. The redhead let out a ferocious roar, and her sword lashed out in a wide arc, spitting fire like the breath of a dragon. But fire wasn’t all. Fire, lightning, icy, even pure light crackled along her sword as the mix of magical energies drove the beasts back. The spirit companion was beside her, and Vetruvi felt its healing energies closing her wounds, the spear popping out and falling to the ground. She looked down at her soaked pants and wished she had worn a skirt.

Samantha, the paladin, waded into the horde of goblins. Her longsword lashed out again and again, striking down the pitiful creatures. Their crude blades and spears did little, although when one narrowly sailed past her head she had peed a little, and even let out a fart. Hopefully not a wet one. The creatures weren’t posing much of a problem other than that, at least. A good number of them flooded by her, heading for others, but there was nothing she could do about that. Slamming her sword into the ground, she released a burst of holy light, blasting away a good number of the beasts. Taking up her sword again, she strode confidently forward, but suddenly stopped in her tracks. A very large metallic bug was exiting the forest, a massive pair of metal pincers on its front. She readied her shield, cautiously advancing towards it.

It looked down at her menacingly, and she let out a whimper. Shield out, she stepped forward, swinging at it with her sword, but even the magical sunblade bounced off its steel hide. Its jaws snapped, but she blocked with her shield….and the beast bit it in half. She screamed. Its jaws slammed together again, crunching into her heavy plate armored leg and lifting her in the air. She screamed louder. Urine rushed out of her like a tidal wave, flooding her pristine white panties and soaking the inside of the armor, falling downwards inside of it and soaking her chest, some even spilling out the neck and coating her face. Helplessly pissing herself, her bowels followed suit, and liquid mess exploded into her now ruined panties, trickling down her back and some even getting stuck in her hair. She didn’t even notice, too busy crying and screaming, completely overcome with fear, covering herself in piss and diarrhea like an incontinent child.

Her sword fell from her hand, and when it hit the ground a flash of light burst from it. The light blinded the bug and the goblins around it, sending them scrambling away and the bugu rearing back in surprise. It dropped the paladin, who hit the ground hard. She didn’t have much time to regain her senses, but she managed to grab her sword and stand, taking off in a run towards the city, wailing in terror, leaving a trail of piss and poo behind her. She wondered if Torm would even accept her back after this show of cowardice.

Whitney, the rouge, had her daggers out, moving to flank the pack of gnolls. A number of goblins that pushed past the paladin’s defensive position decided they didn’t like that, however. Whitney was not a particularly good combatant, nor was she particularly well armored. So when a barrage of goblin spears rained down upon her, followed by a horde of actual goblins, she never had a chance. A spear took her in the shoulder, one arm falling limp. She threw daggers at the approaching goblins, downing one or two, and kept one in hand to defender herself as they reached her. She managed to slice another’s throat, but the creatures clambered atop her, and soon enough she collapsed from sheer weight of goblins, dagger falling from her hand.

They tore at her with claws and knives, ripped her leather armor apart. She screamed and cried, struggling to no avail against the little monsters. She could do nothing but soil herself like a frightened child as claws and daggers tore away at her clothing, goblins biting at her now exposed breasts and weaponry coming dangerously close to injuring even more important places. Maybe the accident helped keep them away, she certainly wasn’t coherent enough to know. Pee soaked her barely holding together leather pants, puddling on the ground beneath her and causing an eruption of laughter from the goblins.

Her bowels moved as well, forcing soft mess into the bottom of her panties and pants, that part still intact. It spread along the ground beneath her, even going up her back a bit as the fearful release expanded. The goblins laughter was interrupted by a fleeing paladin, however, who bowled over a good number of them as she rushed towards the walls of the city. Free from the goblins clutches for a moment, Whitney rose. Her top was completely exposed and her soiled panties were barely holding together, but she ran. The mess got worse and worse, but she had to run.

Karna, the shaman, stood off to the side, channeling healing energy into the two warriors fighting off the gnoll hordes. But soon enough, she could only look on with horror as the gnolls targeted her spirit companion, claws ripping and tearing spiritual flesh. The spirit of her former mentor was sending signals of terror to her brain, and she saw something she had never expected the brave and proud woman who had mentored her to do: the spirit shit itself. The conjuration began to fade as piss flooded down its legs, and hot mess followed suit. Her mentor’s tight shorts never stood a chance against the flood, overflowing as she faded away, leaving only an impression of terror in Karna’s mind.

The dwarf looked down at her breeches and shook her head sadly. She had pissed herself as well. The warmth only now registered, signaling her short legs were coated in shameful release. Turning, she saw the hordes of goblins and bugs approaching, and decided it was time to go. Her short dwarf legs propelled her after the two fleeing women, and when she glanced behind her again at the now several enormous bugs pondering at the edge of the forest she couldn’t even blame hers mentor as logs of poo began to slip into her cloth breeches, spreading everywhere as she fled as fast as she could.

Katarina raged into the midst of the gnolls, her sword sweeping in great arcs of elemental energy. Their claws and weaponry couldn’t seem to touch her, some skipping off her incredibly resilient flesh and thrown weapons actually disintegrating in flashes of fire and light. Magic rushed across her body, all of her alight with its power. She felt so exhilarated, the rage of her barbarian heritage combining with the essence of pure magic. The gnolls didn’t have a chance.

But suddenly, thing went wrong. The Spellplague’s effects on magic were unknown, but very often it went wrong. And go wrong it did. All the energy around her weapon and her suddenly detonated in a brilliant flare of power, blasting away knolls left and right. And blasting her too. She flew forward, tumbling to the ground with a groan and slowly beginning to rise. Her protection hadn’t seemed to help against her own magic gone wrong, and she was visibly injured. Her mind was filled with panic. Her magic had failed, there was no way she could defend herself against all those gnolls, they would all die here before they even reached their destination… Pee rushed out of her, soaking her well-made teal pants with wee.

The wet patch rapidly spread, the entirety of her pants dampening as she tried to shake off the blinding light of her magic to see her death approaching. Suddenly, she could make out a figure above her, and her accident redoubled, piss forcefully exploding from her body. Really, she was going to go out like this? But the figure before her took her hand, and pulled her to her feet. As the light slowly wore off, she saw it was Vertruvi. And behind her, more gnolls. “Come on, we need to run!” the elf shouted at her. They both turned and ran, but a solid thirty feet from the wall Vetruvi cried out in pain as a thrown spear took her in the leg. She fell to the ground, dragging herself forward. “Get out of here! Just leave me!” she yelled.

“Not going to happen!” Katarina replied, turning and hefting her sword. “Get moving towards that gate!” Both women turned to face the oncoming horde, slowly crawling backwards. Vetruvi tried to stab one away, but she knew she was doomed. She didn’t even manage to hit once as gnool after gnoll assaulted them, and as more and more blows hit her she felt consciousness fading from her. She groggily saw a gnoll raising a massive club to finish her, but panic couldn’t fight through her fading consciousness. All she could do was wish it would just end as she pushed soft mess into her panties, coating her bottom and thighs and a bit up her back in shameful waste as she used her pants as a toilet again.

Katarina desperately defended the fallen elf, sword swinging out in wide arcs and cutting down gnoll after gnoll, even without magic. By far the most experienced and competent fighter of the group, she kept herself together. Taking a few hits, she managed to keep herself under control, wincing at the pain of each one as her overloaded magic had disrupted her racial resilience. As Vitruvi began to fade, however, they had only made it a little over ten feet, and the gnolls seemed endless. She couldn’t pull Vitruvi along and keep fighting… Gazing at the seemingly endless hordes still moving towards her, she felt her bowels start to shift, and a considerable bulge of poo pushed its way into her black panties.

No, no! She would not let this happen! She desperately tried to call on her magic, but it was still distorted, still far away. Tears filled her eyes, but before anything else the sound of a hundred bows, and even some ballista, sounded behind her. Arrows and bolts tore into the gnolls before her, the line breaking apart in its entirety and scattering in the face of another barrage. A ballista bolt sailed past her, narrowly taking down a gnoll ready to strike her a killing blow, and she collapsed to her knees. She was pooping, lump of warm mess after lump of warm mess pushing into her panties and staining her pants brown, but she didn’t care. They were saved!

A few minutes later, Katarina joined the other three, carrying Vitruvi’s unconscious form. She stepped up in line beside them, staring at a dwarf who appeared to be the commander of the town’s defenses. She blushed as she saw him look over their wet and messy states, and could hear some of the archers making quiet comments, even a mutter of “Women, no place in combat.” She resisted the urge to yell at the men. She really couldn’t talk at the moment.

The dwarf looked them up and down, shaking his head. “Well, welcome to Loudwater. You aren’t the first group of adventurers to arrive here, in a similar state no less. My name’s Colson. Why don’t you girls come get cleaned up, and then we’ll talk.”

Blushing fiercely, Katarina nodded. “Sounds reasonable. Thank you for your help, Colson.” The dwarf was someone she would consider attractive under normal circumstances, and with first meeting him like this she wanted to just curl up in a ball and cry. But she would have to live with the shame. With the slight squish of messy panties that she despised, she headed into the town.

Messy x-ray of Katarina: $$

Commissioned from LivingInfinite! Check out his other art and tumblr and game and such if you haven't and like this sort of thing. And commission him for fantastic omo or non-omo art if you are into that sort of thing.

