Girls Und Panzer Chi-Ha-Tan story

Author: GupFan

*000*2020-11-13 21:35

The girl was stand in the commander's place in her tank. She breathed easily and tried to concentrate on her main tasks. Despite her efforts to concentrate, Fukuda felt it slowly approach the exit from her ass. The girl has not gone to the toilet for several days.

Now it was taking its toll on her. The anus was still under her control. But she understood that it would not last long. Now her Ha-Go tank was in position for ambush and awaited the appearance of enemy tanks. Luckily, her bladder was not full yet. But it didn't make the poor girl's situation much easier.

Time passed and the enemy was still not on the horizon. Beads of sweat slowly beaded on Fukuda's forehead. It seems that the struggle for holding is just beginning and the heat inside the tank only aggravated the girl's position. Her glasses began to fog up. In this battle, Fukuda had little chance, but she had to try. Although her body probably no longer understands why permission does not come from above to succumb to the power of nature.

She didn't know what to do. There was no seating position in the tank. Therefore, she did not even have anything to rely on. She so wanted to have a seat to help her ass handle it.

She looked down at her stomach and imagined how full it would be if her poo was about to hit the edge. She felt that this was approaching the limit. And there is no enemy ahead. And next to it are alluring bushes in which you can do it, but what if an opponent appears on the horizon.

These feelings covered Fukuda. She couldn't think of anything other than a chance to relieve herself. It was slowly creeping to the edge and there was little she could do about it. Sweat collects on the face. And because of the heat inside, the whole body sweats. She realizes that she is in desperate.

Fukuda did not count how long it had passed since the pressure began to rise. But the pain in the abdomen was already noticeable. And her poo like a sledgehammer blows began to fall on her anus. She once again curses the tank for not having a seating place for the commander. She loves her Ha-Go type 95. But now she perfectly understands that if she was sitting, it would not be so painful. She quietly, trying not to show it, puts her hand on the buttocks and squeezes them.

After about half an hour, the need increased to an incredible level. Fukuda began to feel that her limit was near. And then she began to feel her anus opening. She put her other hand on the buttock and began to squeeze the ass with force. The pressure in spite of it grew every moment and soon the edge of poop appeared outside.

The girl gasped loudly and tears came from her eyes. It is unclear where she found the strength. But somehow Fukuda managed to take control of the situation and make the turd go back inside her body. She was breathing heavily and the pain was getting worse. It wasn't in her stomach now. Her ass demanded that her anus open. But Fukuda resisted as much as a 16 year old schoolgirl can afford.

Soon her anus gave way forward a little when a new wave of despair covered the girl. This time turd came out a lot more confident. It moved forward, despite the fact that the girl squeezed her buttocks with her hands. It got stuck between the girl's buttocks and was held simply because she was still straining her muscles. Tears rolled from her eyes. She started to cry. And then the turd stopped again. This time it did not retreat inward. It just stopped moving forward.

For the next 10 minutes, Fukuda waged a real battle with her body. But she felt that defeat was near. She couldn't get the poop to retreat. But at a certain point, she began to feel that she was slowly losing control.

Her poop seems to have crept forward again. Fukuda tried to stop, but her ass had already refused to obey. She couldn't hold it anymore. It was too much for her body.

"I can't take it anymore!" The girl screamed as she began to feel the turd slowly being pushed out from her.

Her crew nervously exchanged glances and looked at the girl who forcefully opened the command hatch. She seems to have bled on her fist from hit. But that didn't interest her now. The girl began to get out of the tank. By doing this, she only helped the process. Her body tensed and she felt it touch her pink panties. She quickly climbed onto the roof of tank and jumped down, feeling how her turd slowly crawls inside her underwear. She lost control from her body, it just burst into her panties. Panties took poop into themselves and gradually got wider.

"No! No! No! No! Stop! No!" -Repeated the girl aloud lifting her skirt and taking off the already partially full and dirty panties.

She sighed loudly as the shit hit the grass with a crash. The same thing that managed to penetrate into her once soft pink panties fell out of them on the grass when she took off her underwear. But this did not remove the feeling of shame. The girl emptied herself sitting on the grass. Her breath was a mixture of relief and panic. After all, now on her panties you can see a small spot left by her poop.

Girl from crew slowly handed her toilet paper. But...Although the girl managed to take off her panties, she admitted defeat for herself. Today she could not endure it.

Tears still rolled down her eyes just at the thought of her body being powerless for this. But soon, I am sure that this feeling will pass. And that in the future she will not repeat these mistakes. She rubbed her misty glasses and tear-stained face with a couple of sheets of paper.

She soon calmed down and prepared for battle. And only now the announcement came that the opponent was moving in their direction. And the funny thing is that the girl playing the role of the driver in their tank went behind the nearest bush to empty her bladder. But they still have the opportunity to start a fight and show themselves.

Forward Chi-Ha-Tan!

And now I have good translator and study english more.

What do you think to which character to devote the next story with wetting and to which character with messing?

