Touching Cloth

Author: Male

*000*2018-07-05 00:24

"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife."

- Jane Austen

Wáng Démíng was such a man, and he felt he might get his wish granted. China's gender imbalance meant that it was difficult for many men to find a wife, but not Wáng Démíng. He was strikingly handsome, and the heir to a major corporation. He was also a pervert, which would be a minus to some women and a plus to others. He loved dominating women, tying them up and forcing them to orgasm, making them call him master. But most of all, he loved omorashi. He loved the humiliation of taking a dignified young lady and watching her vainly struggle to maintain her dignity before succumbing to her urges and soiling her knickers at last. It was the ultimate erotic humiliation.

Unfortunately, while he always kept his sex acts consensual, many young ladies otherwise eager to marry him were put off by his depraved urges. Perhaps, he figured, women raised in a totalitarian state were too used to real oppression to enjoy the sexual version. Perhaps he should look abroad.

So look abroad he did, and he found Emily Ford, an aspiring young model from Britain. She was an elegant young lady as tall as he was, with her blonde hair in a ponytail. She seemed like the type to marry for money, and being a charming, albeit depraved, rogue would certainly help to seduce her. So they agreed to meet for a date. He would pay all expenses, and she would satisfy him...and hopefully he would satisfy her, too.

Emily thought she was the luckiest girl alive. A glamorous foreign businessman wanted her, and he was handsome, too. He'd paid for a first class flight from Britain to China, and was going to let her stay in his luxury apartment. She knew there was obviously going to be a sexual price for this, but it wasn't even a price. He'd sent her shirtless pictures, and her legs trembled already. She was basically getting this for free.

She looked at herself in the mirror. In her shirt, jacket, knee high boots, and little black miniskirt, she looked irresistible. There was just one issue. She hadn't done a poo for days, and she was feeling pretty uncomfortable. She'd tried drinking more water and even taking laxatives to shift it, but it hadn't quite worked yet. As the aeroplane came in to land, she felt it might have finally started to work. She could probably poo now, if she was allowed to leave her seat. But she wouldn't want to leave him waiting once the aeroplane had landed.

She sleekly walked down the staircase from the aeroplane, her hair blowing in the wind, and her skirt not due to being too short and tight. She felt very lucky in her choice of skirt today - a looser skirt would have been very embarrassing. But nowhere near as embarrassing as what she was going to suffer.

Wáng Démíng was waiting in the terminal for her.

"Afternoon, young lady," he said, in impeccable English. "You look stunning." He admired her fabulous bare legs and slender, curved figure.

Emily felt a pang in her gut. "Yeah, I do," she said, blushing. She needed to go, but she also needed to make a positive impression on him. Dashing off for a poo wasn't the way to do that.

"I'll take you to my car," said Wáng Démíng.

Emily followed, her boots clacking on the floor. Wáng Démíng's Porsche was waiting outside. The driver looked at his new girlfriend.

"Fucking hell, she's hot," he said in Chinese. "How much did you pay for her?"

"Just the cost of the flight," said Wáng Démíng. "Don't get any ideas."

"I won't," said the driver, wondering if he'd ever get someone remotely like that.

Wáng Démíng and Emily got into the back of the Porsche and fastened their seat belts.

"Traffic's bad today," said the driver in Chinese. "It'll take a while to get back."

"Traffic's bad today," said Wáng Démíng in English. "It'll take a while to get back."

Emily felt another pang of distress. She really had to poo. But she obviously wasn't going to admit that.

"All the more chance to see the scenery, I guess," she said.

The car left the airport and soon entered the mass of traffic. Emily fidgeted awkwardly in her seat. She should be enjoying this adventure, but all she could think about was how badly she wanted to poo. How badly she needed to poo. She looked around for any places to stop. But she couldn't admit she had to poo. She had to make a good impression. She had to be as dainty as the Asian girls he was used to.

Wáng Démíng was good at detecting when girls had to go, and he was suspecting it with Emily. He wasn't sure enough to start getting hard, but he was getting little twitches. He watched her sweat and shift in her seat as they made small talk about how nice it was to be there. Perhaps he would have a little fun with her. He wouldn't forcibly stop her from going, but he could...discourage it. Put her off going just a little too long.

Emily was increasingly struggling not to fart. It would take the pressure off her gut, but she couldn't stink up his car. And what if she followed through? It didn't bear thinking about. She just had to endure it. She rubbed her legs and prayed the journey wouldn't take too much longer.

But it did take longer, and longer, and longer. And the poo was pressing harder, and harder, and harder. Those laxatives were finally taking effect, hours after they were supposed to. Painful as it was, she wished she could have stayed constipated a little longer. She hadn't needed to poo this badly for as long as she could remember. But she had to stay strong. If she pooed now, this would be over, and she'd be sent back to Britain in disgrace, having disgraced herself. It was so tempting to just poo and let it out. But that simply wasn't an option.

"How much longer is it?" she asked, obviously anguished.

"Who knows, in this traffic," said Wáng Démíng. "Maybe another 20 minutes."

Emily gulped. 20 minutes. 20 minutes of increasing pain and pressure. She could hold it. She had to hold it. There was no choice. Wáng Démíng knew she was bursting, but he wasn't going to mention it yet. He tried to hide his growing erection a little. She didn't seem to have noticed. She was too focused on desperately trying not to poo.

About 20 minutes later, the car finally entered the parking lot of Wáng Démíng's deluxe apartment building. Emily sighed in relief. If she really, really clenched with all her strength, she might make it to his toilet. Maybe. She tried to get out of the car as gently as possible, to avoid slipping a fart. She tried, but she failed. As she got up, despite her greatest efforts, a loud fart blew out of the back of her skirt.

"Oh, I'm so, so sorry," she said, blushing deeply. "I have to use the toilet, now."

That was an understatement. She had to grab her bottom to stop the poo pushing out. It would be so tempting to just let it slip, but she couldn't. She couldn't.

"Bloody hell, that stinks," said the driver in Chinese. "At least she waited to get out of the car."

"I always take the stairs up to my apartment," said Wáng Démíng, truthfully. "It's good exercise."

"What floor do you live on?" said Emily, despairing.

"The penthouse," said Wáng Démíng.

"Please," said Emily, "I'm going to poo myself if we don't get up there now. Can we go up in the lift?"

"OK," said Wáng Démíng. He'd play nice for a while.

They walked to the lifts, the driver carrying their luggage. Emily squirmed and held her bottom. The poo was starting to force out of her anus, and she was barely pulling it back. She could just about make it. She thought.

The lift doors opened, and they got in. Emily leaned against the wall and used every ounce of strength she could muster not to poo as it went up. It stopped on a floor partway there. An elderly couple got in, speaking to each other in Chinese. As the lift started to move up again, a surge of pressure pushed at Emily's anus, and she slipped another loud, stinking fart. The elderly couple frowned in disgust.

"Those disgusting foreign girls," said the woman. "They have no manners."

Emily couldn't understand them, but she knew they disapproved. Tears came to her eyes. She could not poo. That would be the ultimate failure. She had to be strong. But it was getting harder and harder. The poo was coming out a little further each time before she could pull it back. Soon it was going to pop out into her knickers and she'd start pooing her skirt for real.

The lift finally came to his floor. She was on the edge of pooing her skirt, and she knew it. She could just barely make it. She staggered out of the lift, holding her bottom and grimacing in pain.

"Now, let's see..." said Wáng Démíng. "Where are my keys..." He fumbled through his pockets, his cock rock solid from excitement. Emily leaned against the wall and squirmed. Relief was so, so close. But so, so far away. And she had seconds to spare. Wáng Démíng knew he shouldn't play stupid too long, and slowly put his key in the lock and turned it. He entered his apartment, and switched on the lights.

"Now, young lady, let me introduce you to my apartment," he said.

"I have to poo, now," said Emily, making a dash inside. Wáng Démíng grabbed her arm.

"Excuse me," he said. "I have house rules. No boots inside. Take them off."

"But...but I'm going to poo myself..." said Emily, starting to cry.

"Take your boots off, and then I'll show you the toilet," said Wáng Démíng.

"I'll poo if I squat..." she said.

"Well, it's that or poo your skirt outside," said Wáng Démíng. "You're not coming in here with those boots on."

Shaking from the exertion, Emily squatted down to remove her boots. As she did, the poo she had barely contained finally dropped into her knickers. With a loud, squelching fart, she started to poo her skirt. Days' worth of poo forced through her fatigued anus and filled her knickers. She finally stopped her futile resistance, and the poo squelched out of her knickers and stained her legs. The stench was incredible. She sobbed like a little girl as she removed her boots, and traipsed, defeated, inside the apartment.

"Please stay outside," said Wáng Démíng to the driver. "Things are going to get a little personal in here."

"I'm not staying in here with that smell anyway," said the driver.

Wáng Démíng took the luggage inside, then removed his shoes and shut the door behind him. He then undid his flies and revealed his huge erection.

"Now, young lady, let's see under that skirt of yours," he said.

He pulled up Emily's skirt to see the filthy carnage underneath.

"Now, how do you feel about sex?" he said. "As you can see, I'm an absolute fucking beast right now. I love it when girls get humiliated."

"Um...OK..." said Emily, not sure of what to say. "So this didn't ruin our date?"

"No, it made it," he said. "Come on."

He let her into the bathroom.

"Now, are you definitely OK with this?" he said.

"I guess..." she said.

He tugged her knickers down and put her in the bidet. The water jet cleaned the filth off her bottom fairly quickly. He turned her over and looked again. Clean as could be. He got the lubricant out of the cupboard, and started rubbing it into her anus.

"OK, so I'm going no condom here," he said. "This is going to be quick and rough."

Emily just didn't know what to say. She felt his cock pushing into her bottom, not as rough as she was expecting, but firm. He only took a few thrusts to come and fill her bottom up.

"Sorry, I have no stamina with things like this," he said. "It's just so sexy. Now, come on, let's get showered."

Emily was conflicted. It was incredibly lucking she'd pooed her skirt in front of a guy who thought that was sexy, but it was also a little unsettling. It was gross.

But worse things happen at sea.

*002*2018-07-07 16:57

{{On 7/6/2018 at 3:12 AM, jippy said:

Really well written, not sure why somebody has downvoted you...

}}

Thank you. I also have this other story of a sexy lady desperate to poo, left with nowhere to go but her skirt:

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/44923-dr-suzukis-bursting-commute/

