HoloMess ~FAQ~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-06-05 22:07

Hello, here's the next story in this series. Sorry it's been a while. I hope you all enjoy it and are excited for stories about the rest of Hololive's 0th Generation.

Miko had always be very fond of visual novel-style games, particularly erotic ones. She’d even been caught a few times on stream displaying said eroge games on her phone and computer. Once she had heard of the new market of “virtual boyfriend” games being developed, she couldn’t help but invest her savings into a VR headset and every game she wanted. She’d played almost every game that became available, either on stream, or off stream if it contained more “adult” themes. A lot of the mature content would usually consist of requests from the boyfriends, be it asking for pet names or requesting the girl to masturbate for him. Today, the shrine maiden had decided to indulge herself in such an adult game.

“Ah, fuck me! Hurry… p-please, make me cum!”

In her small apartment room, Sakura Miko could be seen on all-fours, rubbing herself vigorously through her pink cotton underwear. From an outsider’s perspective, she would’ve looked disgraceful as she went to town on herself while still wearing her shrine garb. But she couldn’t care less. The only thing that mattered to her right now was getting herself off and pleasing her “boyfriend” that would praise her through her headset as she rubbed herself.

After a few minutes, the pink-themed girl had reached her goal, shuddering from an intense orgasm. Miko took her headset off and laid down on her bed to catch her breath, thinking about her addiction in some form of post-orgasm clarity. She had been thoroughly enjoying these games and had gotten her money’s worth out of each one, but as she completed more and more titles, she couldn’t help but feel like she had seen it all. Date a boy for a bit, go back to his place, enjoy yourself, repeat. She wished that there was some game out there that had something new for her to experience, no matter how obscure it may seem.

As if a god was listening in on her, Miko heard her doorbell ring. She hopped out of bed in a hurry, fixing her hair and spraying some air freshener to mask her scent before heading to the door. She couldn’t see anyone while peering through the peephole, so she opened her door to sight of a small package.

“Ah, it’s finally here,” the girl mused to herself, grabbing the package and shutting the door. Returning to her bed, she opened the small box to reveal a game she had ordered a few weeks back.

A Boyfriend with an Unusual Fetish

Miko’s excitement shot through the roof. She’d been hoping to get her hands on this game for the longest time. The otaku was looking for fresh material when she happened upon it in a fairly old listing. Apparently, the game had never been officially published, and less than one-thousand copies were ever produced. The listing didn’t get into the weeds about it, but the game was seemingly made for girls like herself that had run out of scenarios in the generic market, but never saw the light of day because the fetish in question was considered too taboo for most audiences.

“Well, as long as it’s not anything with gore, I’ll probably be fine.” The tainted maiden smirked, inserting the disk in her PC and proceeded to install the game files. The game was surprisingly small in size, but she expected something like that for a game that never saw the light of day. Speaking of, it was getting rather dark outside, and while Miko knew she should go to bed, her addiction got the better of her. She threw her headset back on and booted up the game. “Huh, that’s weird,” Miko hummed to herself. The startup screen was mostly blank with the exception of a small menu with the only options being “New Game” or “Continue”. The poor-quality display disheartened the idol a little, but she kept her optimism high as she selected the first option. A prompt appeared on screen stating the following:

“This game uses the player’s camera to better capture movement, emotion and condition of the player. Please turn on the camera to continue.”

The notion struck her as a little odd, but she shrugged it off. After all, didn’t Xbox have something like that for some of their games? Miko reasoned with herself for a bit before turning on her camera and resuming what would turn into one of her biggest secrets.

It had been well over a week since that game had shown up at Miko’s door, and she had only become more addicted to it as time elapsed. She’d skipped out on her idol responsibilities and even gone as far as to cancel some of her streams just to keep playing. There was no rationale or explanation behind it. The music was passable, but nothing worth writing about. The scenario and writing were pretty typical. But that didn’t matter. Miko had fallen in a twisted love with the boyfriend character, who wasn’t even given a name by the developers. Miko wasn’t a naming mastermind herself, so she settled for “MC”. She had become perfectly content just wasting her life away with her virtual boyfriend in a fictitious world. That being said, something was still bothering her slightly, so she looked at her boyfriend and asked him what was on her mind.

“So, what kinda fetish are you into?”

The boyfriend looked down from the bed they were both sitting on and nodded to himself. Bringing himself to Miko’s face, he whispered something into her ear which caused the girl to have a very visible reaction.

“Y-you want me to… p-poop my pants?!” Miko yelled. The college-aged virtual boy looked her dead in the eyes and nodded again. “I-I don’t know,” the girl mumbled, much to the MC’s dismay. She wasn’t sure how to internalize the information she’d just been given. Although it wasn’t anything particularly bad or evil in nature, it was still pretty gross. But just as she was about to call it quits, a small voice resonated in the back of her mind saying, “Why does it matter?” Although complexed where the voice came from, Miko agreed that it did have a point. She was alone in her room, so no one would ever know aside from her. That aside, she’d been practically grinding the game for an unhealthy amount of time, so it would be pointless and anticlimactic finish to just quit, especially for a game this rare to get in the first place.

“I’ll do it,” Miko finally made up her mind. Her boyfriend smiled, and asked her to turn around so he could see it. With some minor reluctance, she turned around and got on all fours on her bed, flipping her skirt up so her white and cherry blossom panties were in clear view. “It’s okay Miko, just pretend you’re doing it like normal and worry about the cleanup later,” she thought to herself, her breath started to get heavy as she began put pressure on her abdomen and push.

After a few minutes of silence and soft grunting, Miko finally made progress. Her anus started to widen, and something dense and thick made its escape into the awaiting cotton underwear. “I can’t believe I’m doing this,” the shrine maiden monologued, fully aware of the irony of a “maiden” quite literally soiling herself, and on purpose nonetheless. But she continued to force the excrement from her body, it getting progressively softer and creamier as it went on. After giving herself one final push, Miko had finished messing herself. She reached her hand back to assess the damage, and sighed in relief that it all seemed to stay in her undergarments. On the other hand, the girl was getting excited, and at a fast rate. She stayed in her position, half mildly afraid of moving and spreading the mess around, half eager to hear her boyfriend’s next instructions. After a moment, he obliged and whispered his next request in her ear.

Outside of Miko’s apartment, Tokino Sora and Roboco were patiently waiting outside of the door. All of Miko’s recent cancellations had made them worried to say the least, and they were hoping to get some form of confirmation that their friend was okay.

“She’s not answering,” the pure idol said. Roboco stared at the door for a while before reaching at the handle.

“Hey, what are you doing?” Sora chastised the robot.

“Maybe the door’s unlocked. If she’d hurt and needs help, I’d rather invade her privacy than let her suffer in silence.” Sora said nothing in reply, but instead gave her a small nod. Roboco turned the handle, and luckily enough, the door opened. Sora was about to express some concern about walking into the apartment without permission, but was cut off by a sharp scream.

“Miko!” they said in unison, rushing into the building and into Miko’s bedroom, only to be greeted by an ungodly sight: Miko, spread eagle on the bed with a hand down her underwear, the back of her panties stained dark brown and the front exceedingly soaked.

“MIKO!” Roboco shouted at her, causing the girl to jump, squishing the mess on her backside around. Taking her headset off, she was met her own terror: two of her friends catching her in the act of doing something truly irredeemable.

A week passed since Miko’s shitty incident. Cover Corporation decided not to punish Miko, but send her through a rehabilitation program for her addiction. Rocobo analyzed the game she was playing in the meantime, and it turned out that the application was actually embedded with a myriad of subliminal messages, all geared towards one goal: get the player to mess themselves. However, that wasn’t the most alarming part of the program. Further investigation discovered that the camera was actually recording the video and sending it out to a random IP address over the internet. This knowledge was concerning to the robot, but she decided that as it stood, she needed to keep the information to herself so Miko didn’t try anything rash during her rehab. She sighed, packing up for the day and heading back to her own residence.

*002*2021-06-09 04:27

{{22 hours ago, desperation21 said:

Not seeing anyone comment so I just need to make sure you know how great these stories have been. Please keep up the great work

}}

Thanks, I really appreciate it. I usually get most of my traffic on Pixiv, so it's good to know that people here are enjoying my works as well.

*004*2021-06-14 20:23

{{On 6/13/2021 at 3:51 PM, deepAzure said:

You have a pixiv? Can I see it?

}}

%https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/41854762

*006*2021-06-21 01:38

{{On 6/19/2021 at 2:34 AM, were491 said:

Made an account just to tell you this is some really good... well, shit.

}}

Thank you very much!

