HoloMess Extra ~A Lesson Learned In Sympathy~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-05-23 06:17

Here it is! The first "HoloMess Extra" story. I'd been working on this one for over a month. This is also my longest story to date, so I hope you enjoy seeing every HoloLive JP girl have an accident in their pants.

“Ahhh, it’s nice to get all the girls on a vacation together,” Tokino Sora said as she stretched. Hololive management had managed to rent out an entire inn and spa combination for all the girls in the Japanese branch for an entire week. They had also guised it as “internal training” at the main office to make sure obsessive fans wouldn’t catch on. Naturally, the girls were all ecstatic, wearing their summer attire, and donning their swimsuits in case they wanted to go to the pool.

“Yeah! I must admit though, I’m not used to wearing pajamas at night,” Houshou Marine chimed in, quick to make a suggestive comment. Her comment did have truth to it, however, as company policy dictated that the talents all needed to wear full sleepwear during sleepover collaborations to help prevent sexual harassment between members. Marine snickered to herself, knowing that she probably contributed heavily to that rule coming into play.

“Hmm, you have a point,” Yozora Mel started, pursing her lip. “But you know, it’ll be nice to see all the cute sleepwear everyone brought!”

“Can you two stop being so perverted?” Amane Kanata rolled her eyes at the voices behind her as she started to unpack her belongings. The two lewd women gave each other an evil gaze, then proceeded to ambush the angelic girl from behind and grope her breasts. “H-hey, stop it!” she demanded, despite knowing the two girls assaulting her were set in their ways.

“Jeez, can we try not to be too touchy on the first day?” A-chan walked into the room with Harusaki Nodoka right behind her. “You guys are setting a bad example for the new staff and sixth gen girls.”

“It’s alright,” Takane Lui spoke up. “I much like how alive and active everyone is, even if it’s a bit unruly.” Marine and Mel stook their tongues out at A-chan after hearing the hawk-girl’s remark.

“Fine then,” the overworked staff member sighed before continuing, “but it’s already nighttime, so I’m gonna call everyone in so we can get sleeping arrangements figured out.”

“Ehhh, we can’t just all sleep in one room,” Okayu yawned through her sentence.

“There’s thirty-nine girls here, including A-chan and myself,” Nodoka replied. “Although it’d be a nice sentiment, all of us can barely fit in here if we sit down, let alone lying down. There are four rooms we have reserved, so we’d be looking at ten girls per room, roughly speaking. Everyone, figure out who you want to room with, and we’ll figure out any complications as we go. If we can’t reach an agreement, we might have to just do it by generation.”

About an hour passed, but the Hololive girls couldn’t come to a complete agreement. So as Nodoka suggested, the girls were to be split by their generations, with some exceptions made for space. Generation 0 and Gamers would sleep in one room with A-chan. Fubuki however, would sleep with Generations 1 and 2. Generations 3 and 4 would sleep together, making another ten-member amount. And lastly Generations 5 and 6 would sleep together with Nodoka.

“So, that should settle that,” Nodoka started. “Everyone please gather your belongings and make your ways to your respective- hm?” The staff in-training was cut off by the door sliding open behind her, revealing what appeared to be a member of the inn staff. The girl in the doorway looked young, possibly younger than any of the Hololive talents, but looked paler than a ghost, as if she hadn’t kissed the sun in years. “Oh, I’m sorry, was there something you needed?” Nodoka stared at the new party, a weird, uncomfortable feeling growing in her heart.

“My apologies,” the girl said, gesturing to the idols with a bow. “It’s not often we get visitors, so I was confused when I heard voices from down the hall.”

“I wasn’t aware this place had so little customers,” A-chan injected. “If you don’t mind me asking, why is that?”

“Oh, you don’t know?” The inn staff smiled eerily. “This place is rumored to be cursed.”

“Eh?!” A few screamed from the easily scared filled the room.

“That can’t be true, can it, peko?” Usada Pekora challenged with her signature verbal tick.

The ghastly presence gazed around the room before starting her long-winded dialogue. “Let me tell you the story then. Long ago, a school idol group came to this inn for some R&R, but one of the members was nervous. The junior-most girl, Aoi, still had a problem with keeping the bed dry at night. As a result, she still wore appropriate protection to keep her futon dry during the trip. Needless to say, all her groupmates found out the first day, and they weren’t nice about it. She was bullied and humiliated by her so called ‘friends’, and eventually drove her out of the group and even out of the school when pictures of her were spread online. A couple of days later, she took her own life.” A shiver ran down the girls’ spines, but the staff member continued.

“Ever since, any time a group of popular girls such as idols come here, they hear the story, and in the following days they always seem in a rush to leave. They never tell me why though. But I always hear things like, ‘This place is haunted,’ or, ‘I’ll never live this down.’ Whatever it is, this place has gained quite the reputation for being horribly cursed.”

The room was silent. No one knew what to make of fable that was told to them. That is, at least, until a certain girl with a bratty character started to burst out laughing. “Hahaha! You expect us to believe that shit?!” Murasaki Shion broke the peace with her smug attitude, denouncing the staff’s claim.

“So, you think it’s a joke?” The unnamed girl smiled.

“If I’m being real with you, I think it’s hard to believe in any curse, no matter how believable the story.” Oozora Subaru conceded, maintaining a straight face.

“It’s a pretty good story though,” Shishito Botan laughed. “It’s honestly something I expect to come out of Coco-Senpai’s streams.” Eventually, everyone in the room was either laughing, or trying their best not to.

“I’m glad you find it funny.” The staff giggled back in a sickening tone.

“Well, we better get ready for bed,” A-chan intervened. “If there’s nothing else, I would like to ask you please leave us to our own.”

“But of course. Sweet dreams, girls.” And with that, the girl left the room, closing the door behind her.

“Okay everyone, get your futons set up and head to sleep. I’m sure we’d all love to hit the beach early tomorrow.” Nodoka gestured for most of the girls to leave to their rooms. Within the hour everyone had unpacked their essentials, got dressed, and nodded off, most of them too tired to even think about the ridiculous story they’d been told.

“Hmmm,” Sora moaned as she drifted awake. She couldn’t explain why, but she felt oddly refreshed. “I guess I did need a vacation.” The senior idol stretched in her futon and started to sit upright only to realize where the source of her relief came from. A blush erupted across her face as she hid back underneath her covers, where she could see it clearly. Her blue pajama pants were completely soaked from her butt to her feet. She didn’t just wet the bed, she completely flooded it. She couldn’t believe it. She knew she was late to outgrow her nighttime accidents, but that was many years ago. The best she could hope for was for everyone to leave so she could clean up me mess. But that time never came.

“Why isn’t anyone else up?” Sora thought to herself. It was 9:00 A.M., and all the girls were supposed to be up and getting ready for the beach by now, so the fact that everyone overslept raised some questions in her head. The idol bit her lip. The smell of her urine was very strong. Even if she made an excuse, she doubted anyone would have bought it. Swallowing her pride, she slowly got out of bed, exposing her exceedingly wet clothes to the sunlight creeping through the blinds. She didn’t even get out of bed before she heard a voice.

“Sora…,” the voice behind the bedwetting idol said meekly.

“No! I’ve already been caught!” Sora couldn’t help but let that sentence slip from her mouth before she quickly covered it with her hands. She turned around to see A-chan staring at Sora’s wet pants. However, she was too distracted to notice, as she saw that her best friend was sitting in a similar sized puddle as the one she woke up in. All in one moment, red flags rose in the duo’s minds as the put the pieces together. “Hey… You don’t think this is the curse that girl was talking about, do you?”

“I don’t want to believe it, but…,” A-chan trailed off as the other girls slowly revealed themselves from their pretend sleep. All of them revealing similarly wet clothes, as well as noticeably large wet spots on their bedding. “No way…”

“Hmm… can’t say there’s anyone like that who works here…” The old lady running the receptionist desk rubbed her head. “Only people who work here are me, my husband, and our son. We try to keep things in the family.”

“That can’t be…,” Nodoka grimaced. “Were we really cursed by a ghost?”

“Neee, what kind of ghosts curse people to wet the bed anyways?” Uruha Rushia, like many of the other girls were rather angry to wake up to soiled bedding. Not only that, but her and some others spent the night cuddling with someone else, meaning not only did they pee all over themselves, but got urinated on by a partner as well, spending the whole night stewing in their combined fluids.

“Well, at least there were enough washing machines here to manage our lack of control, curse or otherwise,” Ookami Mio pointed out, trying to catch a silver lining.

“That being said, if this curse is real, don’t you think we should get the fuck outta here?” Kiryu Coco argued. “After all, if we’re here for an entire week, then that means it’s we’re gonna go through this shit again six more times.”

“I don’t think that’ll be an option for us,” A-chan stated plainly. “As incidentally embarrassing as this has been so far, higher level management put a lot of money into this vacation. It was one of the company’s most expensive endeavors, so coming back early will come off as more than just disrespectful.”

“In addition, what excuse would we give?” Yuzuki Choco raised a good point. “We can’t exactly walk back to the office and say, ‘Sorry, we had to leave early cause the inn turned us into bedwetters.’”

Silence loomed over the room, reality closing in on the fact that thirty-nine grown women released waterfalls from their bladders last night, and from the sound of it, they were stuck like that for the whole week. “Hey,” Kazama Iroha injected, making a point to scan the room as she continued, “it’s weird that it happened once to everyone, but that doesn’t necessarily mean it’ll happen again! For now, we should just accept that what happened has happened, and move on. Besides, weren’t we supposed to hit the beach today?” Although it came off as overly optimistic to some, most everyone gave a slight nod in agreement. Even if their vacation started off on a wet note, that didn’t mean it should dampen their whole experience.

“You all go get changed into your swimsuits. Nodoka and I will join you after we take care of the stuff in the wash.” A-chan gave her blessing, and slowly the idols made their way back to their rooms to change and try to make the best of their vacation.

“Ahhh, that was so good, nanora!” Himemori Luna stretched her small body in all directions, lacking a care in the world as she entered a food coma from the amount of pork she devoured. Most of the other girls hummed in agreement, having enjoyed the day despite the rocky start.

“I guess we’ll find out soon it that curse is crap or not, huh?” Akai Haato wasted no time in ruining the mood, as a dull atmosphere circled the idol group.

“This sounds degrading, but I want to ask everyone to make sure they use the restroom before going to bed today.” A-chan was immediately given dirty looks from around the outside balcony. “I know it sounds dumb, but we should at least make an effort to ensure it doesn’t happen again tonight. If we’re lucky, it might have just been mass hysteria or some other contributing factor.” Most of the girls grumbled but nodded anyways, unable to deny the staff member’s logic.

“I’ll go ahead and go now so I don’t have to awkwardly wait in line.” Tokoyami Towa proceeded to make her way to the bathroom in her room, and everyone else was soon to follow, their rooms still smelling faintly of urine. In time, everyone had attempted to use the toilet, but had discovered that they didn’t need to go at all, despite not relieving themselves at all in the past couple of hours. This managed to stay a secret, however, as no one wanted to admit something as childish as being unable to use the toilet before bed.

By the time everyone had made their rounds, it was time to get ready for bed. Just like the day before, everyone hopped in their nightwear and ducked under the covers as the lights went out for the second day of vacation. In a few hours, everyone was sound asleep, even those who tried their best to stay awake. And in their slumber, none were wiser to the hissing sound that echoed through the halls, nor were they prepared to wake up to the source of the crackling sound that followed.

“Flare, get up!”

“Hmmm, just a little longer,” Shiranui Flare squirmed as she spoke, trying to ignore the voice forcing her awake.

“Flare, everyone peed and pooped their pants in their sleep, including you. Get up!” The dark-skinned elf’s eyes perked open at that comment, immediately meeting Shirogane Noel’s emerald green eyes. Without thinking, Flare sat upright, squishing the supposed mess she made against her bare bottom.

“Ew, gross,” the elf said, lifting her butt off the ground to prevent any more damage. Her silver sleepwear and panties were heavy at the waist, and a now cool liquid was dripping from the silk material onto the futon.

“Don’t feel too bad,” Noel said, gesturing around the room. Everyone from both the third and fourth generations were standing, the backs of their sleepwear and underwear hanging low with a large bulge and some discoloration, leaving now question as to what happened. The stench hit Flare’s nose shortly after, almost causing her to gag at the initial scent.

“A-chan told everyone to go get cleaned up quick and meet in her room to talk about it as a group.” Noel grabbed Flare’s hand and brought her to her feet.

“Don’t have to tell me twice. I don’t want to spend another minute in this.” Hand-in-hand, the couple went to the bathhouse to clean each other off and try to forget about the nightmare they were in, if only for a moment. Although they were first, it didn’t take long for everyone else to join. Once out of the showers, they bagged their clothes from the night before and tossed them. It may have been possible to save them from pee-stains, but as soon as they all messed themselves, they knew those clothes had no chance of survival. They could only hope the stains on the beddings weren’t too obvious.

“I don’t think I need to explain what this meeting is about.” A-chan panned her head to see all the dejected faces in the room. “It would seem that not only does the curse have an effect on our bladders, but our bowels too. Which leads me to my next question. Who here was actually able to use the toilet last night?” No one raised their hands. “Okay, did anyone try to stay up last night?” Half the room raised their hands. “And judging by the fact that everyone had an accident, I’m gonna guess you weren’t successful. From this, I think it’s safe to assume that whatever this curse is, it destines us to use the bathroom in our sleep. Somehow, it’s able to control our ability to pee and poop, and when we sleep.”

“So what, do we just accept that we’re babies at night?” Minato Aqua was unamused by this situation. She didn’t even want to go on this trip in the first place, but now she has to be a bedwetter and bedmesser for a week.

“I’m afraid that’s pretty much where it’s at,” Nodoka responded. “Speaking of, A-chan and I are gonna go out today and figure out what we can on this curse and take care of some shopping on the way back. I can imagine, you probably don’t want to do much, but feel free to take in the sights. This area is pretty and full of stuff to do, so I’d hate for you all to get stuck in a rut like this.” Her last comment received some scoffs, but for the most part, the room remained silent. The staff members left the room, leaving a bunch of unmotivated girls in their wake.

The day went pretty much how you’d expect for a group of girls coping with becoming chronic bedwetters. No one went out at all. At best, some of the girls cuddled under a blanket together and watched some movies. The only times they left their rooms were to grab meals, and even then, some only opted for dinner, hoping that not eating as much that late in the day would prevent a messy accident the next morning.

“We’re back.” The staff girls made their way into the room, carrying a huge amount of large grocery bags, all of which seemed to have equally large packages inside.

“Hm? What’s in the bags?” Hakui Koyori peered into one of the grocery bags and immediately recoiled when she saw the contents. “You can’t be serious! Are those diapers?!” Although only about a third of the girls were present, all of their faces went pale at the mention of the word.

“We’re completely serious.” A-chan stood her ground. “Odds dictate whatever happened last night will happen again tonight. You all definitely don’t have enough clothes to risk ruining every day, and frankly, Nodoka and I don’t want to have to wash the futons every day for the rest of the trip. This came out of our paychecks so the company wouldn’t see eight packages of adult diapers on the company account. We even saved you the humiliation of having to buy them. You’re wearing them. End of story.” Everyone was shocked. They’d never seen A-chan so assertive before, nor did they have the guts to argue back, considering what the alternative options were. Begrudgingly, each girl came up and grabbed a protective undergarment that was their size, and shortly after grabbed the girls in the other rooms to do the same. It wasn’t long before everyone in the Hololive main branch was wearing diapers for the first time since infancy.

“How could this get any worse?” Omaru Polka mumbled under her breath.

“Don’t say things like that,” Nodoka replied. “You probably thought the same thing last night before finding yourself in a worse situation this morning. It’s better to not jinx yourself.” Not much else was said by anyone save some grumbles and inaudible complaints as the girls all crawled in bed and prepared for the third night.

Sakura Miko woke up to a feeling she’d grown familiar to in the last couple of days. Except instead of pissing and shitting herself in adult clothes, this time it was all released in a diaper. She couldn’t help but grown at how embarrassing it was to be wearing and using diapers at her age, even if she didn’t have a choice in the matter. But that wasn’t the only thing that was bothering her. Even though it was Summer, she felt very hot. Specifically in her nether regions.

“There’s no way I’m turned on by wearing a dirty diaper,” she thought to herself. But she couldn’t deny the growing wetness in her vagina as the excitement in her body slowly transformed from a loose arousal to a desperate, aching need. “What’s wrong with me?” Hoping no one would catch her, she slid her hand down the front of her diaper, surprised be how warm it was between her urine and her body heat. “I can’t believe I’m doing this,” she said softly to herself as she slowly rubbed herself while wearing a wet and messy diaper. This elicited some gentle moans from her as she sped up, inserting a finger.

“Mmmm-,” a voice groaned next to the pink-haired girl. Miko turned her head to meet Hoshimachi Suisei, her face as equally red and her sex drive as equally obvious. In that moment, everything made sense, and it was clear what the curse was trying to make them do.

“Hey Hoshimachi.” Miko pursed her lips. “Wanna help each other out?” No more words needed said as they wasted no time sticking their hands down each other’s padding and went to town on one another’s womanhoods. Moans increased in volume at a rapid pace as the pair brought each other to orgasm. Once the afterglow passed, guilt started to fit in, but those feelings were quickly usurped by the events transpiring in the same room. Looking up from the bed, Miko could see Nekomata Okayu and Inugami Korone going at each other the same way she and Suisei just did.

At the same time, she could see Hololive’s symbol of purity, Tokino Sora, bringing herself to orgasm in her soiled padding on display for everyone. Moans and screams could be heard from the other rooms, leaving no room for interpretation as every idol in Hololive came in dirty diapers. Once the festivities were over, not a single one of them spoke a word about how each and every one of them did something that normally would’ve gotten them fired on the spot. Instead, they shared a tacit agreement as they changed out of their undergarments and took long, hot showers to reflect on their actions.

At long last the “vacation” week was over, and every girl was able to return to the security and privacy of their own homes. They’d literally spent the week peeing, pooping, then cumming in diapers, and not a single souls would ever know. Everyone was just glad to escape the curse and be able to sleep in their panties like normal people. At the very least, they learned a valuable lesson in sympathy.

“Ah, finally.” Natsuiro Matsuri got into her apartment, exhausted after the last week, and a long ride home to top it off. She shed her clothes, and got into her pajamas, a feeling she’d taken for granted. In minutes, she was out like a light, lying on her stomach in bed, her bottom sticking out slightly. Not even an hour later, a warm massed snuck its way into her pants, as long stream of urine followed. What the girls didn’t think about was if the curse even wore off after leaving the inn, but that’s a battle they would all fight in the morning. Tonight, they all slept like babies.

