Rule, Britannia!

Author: Present

*000*2020-08-16 23:25

Another story from the Cold War Gone Hot with gratuitous accidents. If you liked Major Simmons you'll love this one. If you didn't I'll report you to the House Un-American Activities Committee.

###

The wait was the worst part. On the ground, there was always the FAL and L9, or failing that, a knife and a spade. But here, in the dark belly of a ponderous transport, one had no defense but luck to ward off the fate of so many armed-and-ready soldiers shot from the sky. It wasn’t the death that Sheila feared, so much as the ignominy of dying without a fight.

All her regiment had fallen into a stony silence, transfixed only by their watches’ irreversible march towards drop time, the moment that they would be free of the flying dungeon. It was one constant in the calm before the chaos, and a place where time meant only the wish to see tomorrow. Locked into their jumpseats, each soldier could feel the turboprops’ steadfast thunder, bringing them nearer and nearer to their fates in Red land.

Moving to the limits of what her harness permitted, Sheila again made her routine insurance that all odds would be evened in her favor. Strapped across her body was a loaded rifle, stout and solid in its guarantee of lethality, reined in by a long scope mounted slightly offset from the frame. At her waist were several of its straight magazines, each carrying but a few seconds’ worth of automatic fire. Her pistol’s magazines were nearby, and further along at her side was the standard-issue bayonet, not yet made complement to the FAL.

But Britain’s finest weapon was but a small vial tucked inside her fleece jacket, containing the three pills of evened odds made manifest. Compound M – an amphetamine even the Nazis could only dream about, the miracle of medicine that made soldiers into supermen. The boffins could profess otherwise, but every soldier who took the stuff knew that their lives were being stolen away. Sheila could feel the pill work into her body nearly instantly after she swallowed, and made her final check for the contingencies she prepared against its effects. Her fate was fully in her hands now.

Seven minutes to drop. The trepidation was broken by a deafening bang and the screech of twisting metal. Sheila’s heart dropped, and her whole body recoiled in shock – it was unavoidable even after countless encounters with withering fire. Shouts and curses were drowned out by groans of metal as the airframe twisted and tumbled, and shuddered ominously with the screaming pitch of the engines, pushed to their limits in a desperate escape from Soviet missiles. Trapped inside a deafening cacophony, the paratroopers could only pray that the escorting fighters had fired in turn.

All were fixated solely upon their watches now, watching in horror as the seconds draw longer, each heavy with the threat of death. All had swallowed their Compound M, and could feel each racing heartbeat as if it were the fading pulse of a dying man. Sheila squeezed her rifle until the metal had remarked its pattern into her palm, and with the other hand held herself in her seat against the frantic pitches and rolls of the aircraft. Bullets of sweat appeared on her neck. She could almost feel the drug race its way across every vein, lightening each limb as though it were drawing their matter into her pounding heart, the sensation of which had consumed her neck and temples. Despite the antiemetic filling her stomach with lead shot, she wanted to vomit.

Thump, thump, tick., thump, tick, thump, thump.

A second blast roared across the cabin. The plane pitched in a violent bounce, flinging its occupants against their seats and the hard metal walls. Sirens began to blare, accompanied by the pulse of red lights. Sheila felt the transport bank left and fall into a dive, steep enough that it could have been the death roll of a transport with a wing shot off; the seconds were microcosms of eternity now, then time was restarted by the a roll in the opposite direction and a climb that sucked her into the seat. And there it was – the first crack in the prison of pulsing red alarms.

All strength resumed in her body, Sheila moved her almost-trembling hands to undo her harnesses with psychoactive efficiency, and anchored only by her grip on the strap leaned into the column of rushing air. No sensation penetrated the roar of wind as the door dropped the end of its travel, and the first of the plane’s human payload began to jump out towards their objectives. One, two, three, four green-clad soldiers disappeared out the transport’s great maw before Sheila. With a breath, she took the final step past the door, and flung herself towards the world below

It was not unlike impacting a wall of air, pushing at the body’s every point in a futile attempt to resist gravity’s intractable pull. Sheila’s amazonian frame, brawny and towering inside the plane, felt nothing more than a scrap of paper twisting and tumbling in the vortex of cold night air. The dark sky imparted only flames of the jets’ exhaust, appearing not unlike the flashes of AA guns on the blacked-out ground below. She straightened her body towards the ground, and with a struggle against the air pulled her watch into view, counted down the illuminated seconds, and reached for the leather strap flaying in the wind.

All her weight was effortlessly thrown back in a violent jerk, digging each segment of her harness into her body; around her legs, the loops pulled against her crotch a thin absorbent padding. It was invariable that she would feel a flash of embarrassment at the reminder that she was awkwardly straddling an undone baby’s diaper, held up only by a lady’s nylon stockings concealed underneath her fatigues. But in a moment, the pressure relented, and she could draw her concentration to her slowing descent towards the ground below, to where her comrades had already landed.

It was only on the moment of impact that Sheila realized no spring rains had yet come to soften the earth below. Her heavy frame, without proper bracing, crashed into the ground with a jolt that shook her entire body, buckling her knees with ease and sending her careening towards the ground in an undignified fall. For nearly half a second she could feel a small trickle of urine squeeze from her clenched bladder and form a wetness at her crotch, before her head struck the ground and erased the sensation completely. When she opened her eyes, she found the stream stopped.

Seamus was looking down at her. “Bloody hell, that was something”.

“Nobody’s dead yet, I s’ppose. You alright?”.

He cracked a wry smile. “Yeah. Up and at ‘em”.

Sheila removed her FAL from its holster and held it steady across her chest. In the distance, flashes of orange from the anti-aircraft barrage were illuminating the night sky, firing still at the fleeing squadron. Their forces had been temporarily diverted away from her, but with having been shot at, the minutes on her respite were surely numbered. Even so, she felt good and alert, prepared for any battle that might befall the unit. The Compound M had fully dispatched any fatigue and filled her with a warmth unbefitting of late autumn’s bitter chill. But for Sheila, the warmth had taken on a second, unwanted form in her crotch.

If Sheila could feel any distraction from the full focus vested by the drug, it was the twinge in her bladder that had come upon quickly after she had swallowed the pill. Such was the consequence of Compound M for Sheila, unavoidable even after a litany of attempted cures. With the drug’s diuretic effect, it was invariable that she would periodically emerge from the fray with wet fatigues. It was no uncommon predicament for the Paras, where hellish fighting lasted hours with no opportunity for relief—but for Sheila alone, any stains at her crotch were only what had leaked from her diaper. Without the padding, already dampened with the jump, she would have not once exfiltrated without her pants stained with piss, and on many occasions her mess as well.

“All ready, boys! Move!” A hundred parachutes, detached from their bodies, crumpled upon the ground to be whisked away by a stiff breeze. A man with a radio set barked his orders and dispersed the idle crowd, scattering pockets of men all around the forested grassland. With a body still agitating for provocation, Sheila’s methodical pacing under the pines’ shroud felt like a yoked plod, a rhythm wholly incongruous with her rapid and pounding heartbeat. Compound M thirsted for adrenaline, for the relief of combat, and in Sheila a mounting need to relieve herself. But she could find no opportunity to do so here, with her compatriots at her side, and the stone bridge coming into view across the bends in the river.

How long has it been? All memory of her march here had coalesced into not more than a second in her memory, as though the drug had picked her up and whisked her to the fray. She checked her equipment methodically, finding her grip on every weapon, and ending with a second’s thought toward her diaper – slightly warm and damp, possibly after collecting yet another leak. How much longer? Her mind drifted in consideration of nipping off for a quick change, but a quick scan of the area found nowhere to do so out of sight. With reservation, she lowered her gaze, and was suddenly pricked by a crunching of leaves and a shimmer of movement.

Her eyes shot to the leafy cover at her feet. The moonlight reflected off a thousand scales, writhing along the ground in a frenzied slither. Sheila had never loved snakes, and the Compound M only sharpened the dread at finding one. Her recoil was quick and potent, sending her staggering back a pace away from the adder; she was running her bladder before her boot could crunch soundly into the leaves behind. Instinct drover her hand towards her waist, and nearly found the L9’s grip before it could reach the bayonet, pull it from the sheath, and drive it in a crouching blow towards the coiled adder. Her abdomen tensed in the maneuver, squeezing her stomach, and inadvertently forced some mess from her loosened bowels into the waiting padding. But for all the Compounds’ disservice to Sheila’s continence, it worked true in ensuring the blade struck dead center, gliding effortlessly through the adder’s soft body and into the ground below.

“What was that, Sheila? Bloody hell, you alright?”

“Yeah. Alright. Just a, just a snake”.

The snake struggled and writhed in a widening pool of its own blood, a streak of which was smeared across Sheila’s bayonet. It wouldn’t inhibit her from using it, but she nevertheless wiped it across her fatigues until the silver gleamed untarnished in the moonlight. More difficult would be cleaning up herself – although her accident had been quick and minor, the diaper felt swollen and full beneath her, not liable to hold another full accident. She would have to change at the earliest opportunity, after the slog had been completed.

How much longer?

The Compound creeped in her bloodstream, ready again to hasten the mundane reality. Another tick of her mind’s clock, and she was gazing through her binoculars at the soldiers on patrol.

Clad in green, with oversized, bowl-shaped helmets without brims, aiming their Kalashnikovs through fast, methodical sweeps. Krauts, as they said. A bright white glow emanated from behind a stout building and slowly swept across its silhouette, powerful enough to cast dim light upon the vegetation ahead of Sheila even when turned away from her. The end of a caterpillar track peeked from behind the concrete cottage. They’ve a tank. She turned towards the stout Scotsman, muttered her sighting in a gesticulated drawl, and offered up her binoculars to the prompt refusal of a man preoccupied with his radio. Clicks, beeps, and an unintelligible Scots drawl were lost to her as she clambered for a mask and replaced her binoculars with her rifle. Ready, ready, ready.

The blast of air and high whistle erupting from before her was not wholly remarkable against the Germans’ shouts, but to the Brits in the bushes it was Gabriel’s horn. Somebody – who is it? – belted “Contact, contact, contact!” from behind, but Sheila was on the move already, rushing forth from her vegetative sanctuary with a barrel pointed towards where she saw the Krauts last. A hundred masked men, reeling from their restraint of the drug, exploded out of the woodwork imbued with a drugged fighting spirit that made them deaf to the stricken tank’s explosion. In an instant, all the world was enveloped in the relentless chatter of automatic gunfire, sending hot lead across all directions and drowning the screams of those who had already fallen, some British, mostly German, as the Paras began their sprints towards their objectives.

A Stahlhelm-wearing figure hundred of yards away ceased firing and turned sharply in a backpedal; through her mask’s fogged lenses Sheila saw the soldier’s rotation suddenly stop as he turned upon her. Adrenaline shoved her into a dive, and she was in the air before the German could shoulder his rifle, her body careening into the dirt just as the gunshots erupted in a deafening ring above the battlefield. All her consciousness was reduced to furor, terror, and amphetamines, severing all perception of her throat searing in a scream, and likewise her bladder relaxing with the impact and emptying its contents into the diaper.

Time slowed, stopped, and the cosmos converged upon her two arms and rifle, jerked towards its target and aimed one purely instinctual convulsion, and fired a resumption of the chaotic world. Sheila was pulled towards her knees, and then her feet, in a rise that would have killed her had she not already felled the German, whose collapse had silenced and thrown asunder his rifle.

Sheila’s quick self-check revealed that his shots had all missed their mark, spilling from her body naught but her piss; she grimaced upon finding that her accident in prone had skipped the diaper’s limited padding altogether and instead wet the front of her tights. Bloody hell, the fucking drug. The undergarments were necessary for holding in place a baby’s diaper that was hopelessly too small for Sheila’s frame, but the skintight nylon also irritatingly pressed its wetness up against her skin.

A guttural explosion in the distance tore away Sheila’s attention towards her accident, and wrenched it instead towards the distant rumble of a monstrous tank cresting a hill. The silhouette was unmistakable with a front illuminated by two driving lights and a mounted machine-gun spraying fire into the night, a mile too far to have any effect on the scattered Paras. But this time, there was no florid searchlight turning night into day and marking the vehicle for destruction. No way to ascertain the cannon’s direction, either.

She crouched behind a rock. “That’s more than we bargained for! But it’s shooting blind, innit?”

The reply came from Jerry. “The hell he is! Bastard’s got night-vision!”

Cock! “Where’s the fucking artillery? Bombers?” She the answers to both and prayed her compatriots had not discarded their RPGs.

“He looking here?”

“Looking away, let’s go! Go!” The Germans had a chance to regroup, but their defenses were surely worn to the man already. A well-placed but unprotected machine gun sat unmanned under a tarpaulin. Only from behind a wall of sandbags were shots coming. With the bridge behind intact and no indication of any attempt to breach it, Sheila’s offence had ground to a temporary halt. There was naught to do now but wait for a mortar to dislodge the Krauts. Setting herself down in a thicket well beyond the range of any grenades, Sheila had for the first time a brief respite from combat.

No tired yet … but I need a drink. She pulled a green canteen from her belt and took a long swig, giving little consideration to the effect the water would have upon her bladder. No sooner had she finished her drink that a muffled explosion sounded behind her, giving way to the arcing whistle of a shell en route to its target. Perhaps the communists screamed their last upon realizing their doom, but the Paras were deaf to such things by now, and felt in their minds only a countdown to the impact that would force them from their roosts. The shell whistle subsided, flying further and nearing the ground, three, two, one…

Even hundreds of meters away from the explosion, Sheila could feel the deafening blast’s shock heave the earth and rattle her bones. Her tensed muscles’ hold over her bladder loosened for a moment, and let a gentle stream of urine fall into the still-damp padding. Sheila would fail to notice, with her senses blunted by the ring that resonated within, as she clenched her rifle and hurled herself from the leafy cover. Her heart leapt into a frenzy and coursed the drug throughout her veins, imbuing in each uncoiling muscle a superhuman vigor as she exploded into the fray. A great catharsis swept over her body, eradicating any sensation of exertion or fatigue, and unconsciously loosened another dash of urine into a diaper already dampened with the errant trickle she had lost at the explosion.

But with her padding in place Sheila had noticed neither of her leaks, and remained so unaware as she charged the impacted entrenchment, baring her rifle in preparation of firing at anything that moved. Past the vacant watchtower, past the machine-gun, the subdued enemy mounted no defence. She approached the pulverized sandbags and quickly shifted her rifle to one hand, and with the other mounted the barricade, throwing her large body into the throes of her foes. A dozen soldiers lay motionless on the ground, blanketed by the earth and the darkness, concealing their blood from British eyes.

Sheila slowed her run. At the corner of her bloodshot left eye, something twitched. Without hesitation, she turned and shot a one-second burst into the still-moving soldier. His body flinched and came to rest, face-down in the dirt.

“How many died?”

“Liam’s not in good shape-”

“Damn!”

“But Perkins’ll attend to him, he should be alright.”

Speaking through the gas filters was quite hopeless, but while the rumble of battle still sounded in the distance, the Tommies knew better than to remove their masks. Their Russians laced their smoke grenades with nerve gas, or so went the story, and no doubt the faraway tank had prepared a special gift in its dispensers. The monstrous machine rumbled a pace towards the forest, and in brief flashes of automatic fire illuminated the cadre of soldiers running alongside. But their targets had long since dispersed and left for them mines to run over. Frances was already lying prone upon the rooftop with a readied rifle, prepared to further stir the chaos.

Sheila clambered up the ladder and joined her underneath the fluttering Hammer and Compass. With binoculars in hand, she knelt down besides the sniper, and peered in the direction of Frances’ target. She shifted her weight as not to squeeze her diaper, which felt almost like a saturated sponge between her legs. Any wrong move and her urine would leak out.

“Watch my flanks. I’ll bloody ‘em up”.

“Don’t miss”.

She swiveled on her heels toward where the wobbling river was swallowed by darkness, holding just a midge of disappointment at being denied the spectacle. The field battle had quieted, reduced to the echoes of faraway shots and the muffled mechanical clank of the doomed tank. How many seconds till contact? The absolute stillness through her lenses made her uneasy. It was the damned wait again, agonizing hours of hoping that the horizon would not impart a sea of tanks and jets.

It’s the drug talking. Intelligence had predicted nothing of the sort. The battle was over, and the British had won without a hitch.

Her thoughts were broken by the muffled explosion rising above the subsiding din of gunfire, and with it the very welcome commotion of shouts and screams. Sheila had almost forgotten her anticipation of the blast, and so was taken back by the numbing explosion of gunfire metres away as Frances fired her L42 on cue. A welcome shot, to be sure, but the sheer shock drove another dash of pee from Sheila’s bladder; this time, her saturated diaper’s core could not muster the speed to absorb all the leak. Sheila scowled and blushed red upon feeling a hot trickle of liquid running down the left leg of her tights.

“Contact!” What a shot.

Sheila lowered her binoculars and turned towards the tank, expecting to see a stream of RPG fire converge upon the immobilized target. But no explosions illuminated the tank’s dark silhouette, growing sharper with each turn of the dial. The hemispherical turret’s appendages were moving, the turret rotating along with Sheila’s fingers. She could see the protruding cannon shrink, then disappear altogether. And then the machine-gun’s pirouette ceased as well.

Her eyes widened and she threw down the binoculars.

“On the ground!” A blinding flash of cannon-fire beamed through the focuses lenses. Her arm was around Frances’ neck by the arrival of the cannon’s roar. Unthinking, unbridled reflex sent her tumbling over the building’s edge, Frances in tow. She was surrounded by chaos and emptiness, plunging an endless descent, a sitting duck for the impossible might of the Russian cannon.

A shell cleaving through the air encountered a plywood wall, an effortless fight that shattered the wall and a trigger on the projectile’s tip. It spewed forth a jet of molten metal, found not rolled steel but air, and milliseconds later exploded in the confines of an East German cabin. Sheila was mere metres away from the earthshaking roar, suspended in her fall as the walls burst into thousands of pieces of shrapnel, and the air turned into fire. Her scream died, caught in her throat, but her urine fared no such encumbrance in emptying from her bladder. The impact came a half-second later, her body into the dirt, her head into the helmet, her brain into her skull, and the ringing flooded her mind from every orifice. The world blackened.

“Sheila! SHEILA!” Her eyes opened – or were they open already? That was Frances’ scream, hoarse and ragged, Frances’ face, draped with blood. There was no pain, but all her body was sore and numb, as though trapped under a weight. Something was stinging her eyes – her face was damp. She wipe her eyes and left a streak of sanguine red on the back of her hand. My blood? The same sticky wetness was on her chest, and enveloped her crotch. Damn… Finding Frances’ flushed face sent a pang of embarrassment through her. How long… did she see…? Sheila couldn’t have known that even in her first few seconds of consciousness she was still wetting herself.

Her rifle was still in its place, strapped across her chest. Frances’ was gone. With hands in the dirt, she propped herself into a sitting position, and immediately found that her rear had squished into a mess. It was over her tights, her fatigues – the padding had failed entirely to contain it. But she could smell nothing over the odor of fire and death. The sources of both were close by.

“They…. they’ve gone and got… got my….” The scream was tearing up his throat, and the burning gasps of a dying man. All his effort could not muster a voice louder than a whisper. Sheila crawled to his side and saw instantly the gaping hole through his waist, and the blood pouring into the olive uniform from the irreparable gash. “It’s… it’s… please…”

“Perkins! Perkins!” She tore here eyes away and prayed the medic was still alive.

“Present!” Her heart leapt. “What do we have-”.

“Morphine. He’s nothing left.”

She turned away stiffly. Who was he? Anger and raw hatred welled inside and roused her from the impact’s slumber. The Kraut… I was watching him from… The billow of fire and black smoke ended her search. She’d missed the tank’s demise. All was quiet.

“Got them all?” Frances leaned over her.

“I ‘spose. Good work, lass”

“See Perkins. You’re roughed up.”

“Nothin’ a fag can’t fix. Buzz off and shoot any Kraut we skipped”.

Frances turned, expressionless, and scampered away into the milling soldiers left standing guard. Sheila propped herself to her feet and strolled a leisurely pace into the woods behind, ignoring with each step the mess squishing between her legs. Once the Paras had disappeared behind the woodwork, she reached for her pocket holding the tin of Virginias, but produced instead a crumpled ball of padding, its surface slightly muddied with dirt. She flicked open her belt and dropped her fatigues, leaving only a set of black silk tights revealing the mass of a wet diaper and a mess.

With a gentle pull, she peeled off her undergarment, scowling and blushing at the coat of mess smeared on their insides. With a hand cupped around her used diaper’s backside, Sheila used the sodden garment to clean off as much as possible, before tossing the padding into the woods and dropping the new, unfolded diaper into her gusset. She pulled her undergarments back up to her crotch, pressing the padding as close to her as possible, in hopes of making it last until the Grenadiers could arrive.

