The Golden Tower

Author: Asuna.bed.wet

*000*2021-08-04 18:59

The Golden Tower 0

(Restart from zero)

It contains: Wetting, Light desperation.

The goal of anyone who enters the golden tower is to get to the top, because legend has it that whoever is on top of it can command the tower and everything and every one, this story tells the deeds of the first person to arrive at the top but that at the same time has lost everything for having gone against the one who commanded on the tower for an infinite time, God himself.

{Year 9988 of the golden calendar, in a well in the capital (right foot of the giant)

"How long has it been?"

"How nice to be able to breathe!"

"Where I am?"

"It looks like the bottom of a well ... it's dark, it will be about fifteen meters deep, at least it's a drained well ..."

There were many questions that yes

She asked the most important was: "Am I alive?

ID # 000000108:

Name: Hecate Blake

Race: Human

Age: ???

Level: Not leveled

Coin: 0

Ranking: Not in competition

Skills: [EX: From Heaven to Hell]

Title: [Graced by the goddess]

Stats and Effects:

[Do not assign]

Equipment:

[Bronze dagger (F-)]

[Storage ring (F+)]

[Breast band (black cotton tissue)]

[Medium Length Dress (Purple)]

[Black embroidered cotton knickers]

[Canvas ankle boots (black)]

Apparently, the answer to the latter had been easy to obtain, it was enough for her to concentrate, open her profile and see her only title, the confirmation she had when she saw that she had the same profile as when she decided to climb the golden tower certainly wasn't a heavenly dream or a hellish nightmare.

"So the goddess kept her word ..." thought Hecate remembering the words of that day: "When someone I will consider as a threat as you have been by respecting

Then you will wake up, unfortunately, if this never happens or if your conscience crumbles before you will not have a second chance! ... this would leave a bad taste in my mouth "

"Has anyone appeared capable of threatening the goddess? Ahhh that being able to live again! This time it will be different than! ... although ... how do I get out of a well? Can I use magic with no stats attached?"

Hecate had understood that the tower did not give her power but simply made what was inside her easier to "understand", so even if in the past she had not even tried to use magic before entering the tower, now it was convinced of succeeding.

"[Updraft]" after saying the name of the spell, the aloud she felt almost faint but at the same time her dress was completely blown by the wind, showing off her black panties and lifting Hecate before a few centimeters. to cease completely.

"Oh shit, having about 5 mana ... will never be enough to get me out of here ... climbing is impossible, should I scream out loud hoping someone hears me?

"Congratulations"

"You have achieved a difficult attainable goal: you are entitled to a reward!"

"Oh, is it to be using magic outside the tower?" (Hecate)

"A guardian is coming!"

Hecate thought of the guardians, beings full of dignity, external to some rules of the tower, the closest to the goddess, who enforcing her rules and who maintain order.

~ swoosh ~

With a golden glow, a blonde girl dressed in a white tunic with fitted trims appeared floating on Hecate's head.

"Hi, I'm Lucy but you can call me L, and I'm the supervisor of floor 0" (Lucy)

"This ... a supervisor guardian ... will be 16 years old ... at least apparently, but then where has the dignity gone? Her white panties are on display! "

"Hem ... sorry but I can read your mind, I would like to let you know before you have any other strange thoughts, and anyway you are about 16 too, right?"

"Oh shit! I have to remember my current condition!" Hecate thought.

The old Hecate had numerous abilities and she knew how to use many spells to prevent mind control but to counteract her mind-reading it was enough for her not to dwell on one thing for long except in exceptional cases.

"I'm so sorry, I'm really mortified ..." (Hecate)

"Yes, it doesn't matter, now let's move on to the important things, you know I have a lot to do like a guardian ... "(Lucy)

~ tremble ~

Hecate had a suspicion but she couldn't think about it too much.

"Are you right, then? Do I deserve a reward? May I ask for what?" (Hecate)

"Say that you don't know just makes you look more suspicious, you know? It's obvious someone gave you some information!" (Lucy)

~ tremble ~

Hecate’s suspicion had been confirmed to her but she had to hide her thoughts of hers.

"Hehe, how naive I am to try to fool a guardian, yes I got a tip, does that make it invalid? "(Hecate)

"Oh no, on the contrary, being able to do such a thing without entering the tower is truly commendable, certainly more than those who have succeeded by pure chance ..."

(Lucy)

~ fidget ~

"Well let's hurry up, then you can choose your reward from the catalog in front of you" (Lucy)

"Please hurry!" thought Lucy.

《Congratulations, you used a spell outside the tower with no supporting tools: choose your reward!》

1st Apricopter shell armor (B-)

2nd Sapphire abyss sphere (C +)

3rd Kit start + (D-)

4th Instant-digital camera (F-)

5th Random Roulette Coupon (?)

"..." (Hecate)

"..." (Lucy)

~ squirm ~

At least 2 minutes passed but Hecate was reflecting looking into space as Lucy, who was still floating exposing her panties, had perfectly confirmed Hecate's suspicions, that she did everything possible to make reading her thoughts impossible.

"Why can't I feel her flow of thought anymore? What's stupid?" Lucy thought naively.

"So? Did you choose? (Lucy)

"... No, actually I'm really undecided ... I couldn't take more than one object?"

"All that you want!" She would have shouted Lucy, but she couldn't.

"No, I'm sorry, if it were up to me I'd make an exception ... but unfortunately I can't, you know the rewards are controlled, you can take a maximum of 1, I'm sorry ..." (Lucy)

"Oh ... it’s unfortunate, I guess it will take me a while to choose" (Hecate)

"Eh? Wait, let's try to meet us, you know if you want I can make an exception, tell me the items you want, I'll take the cheapest one for you from the shop, I'll offer it out of my own, okay?" (Lucy)

"Oh really, I don't know how to thank you!" (Hecate)

"So what do you want the orb and armor !?" (Lucy)

~ dribble ~

"!!!" (Lucy)

"Oh, no, I thought of two other objects, however first of all could you get me out of here? You know even with fantastic objects getting stuck in the well is a bit ... annoying" (Hecate)

~ snap ~

With a snap of their fingers, they were both on the surface, right in front of the city gate.

~ dribble ~

"So what are these objects?" (Lucy)

"I feel guilty though ... it's unfair to receive special treatment, you know I'm fine with the possibility of using that thing you call a shop, so when I have money I can personally buy what I want" (Hecate)

"... Are you kidding me by chance?" Lucy thought,

"Who knows what I can do with this shop" was Hecate's thought, which coupled with the ridiculous request at least gave Lucy the assurance that Hecate didn't know anything about the shop.

Using the shop was possible only under certain conditions, for a person not even entering the tower was an unthinkable thing and only after passing rank A, you could use the shop independently, however, Lucy was running out of time, now in the surface, the people were starting to notice her and she had to stay with Hecate until she chose her own reward, she hoped this would happen quickly because otherwise ...

"Okay but you can make a maximum of 3 full exchanges ... then take"

~ swoosh ~

Lucy gave three floating marbles to Hecate which she smiled trying not to laugh.

~ dribble ~

~ dribble ~

Lucy was on the edge, she put a hand on her thigh trying to look natural, she was also involuntarily climbed a bit of altitude.

"THEN, did you choose?" (Lucy)

"Yes, I would like the camera!"

~ swoosh ~

The digital machine appeared in Hecate's hands.

~ dribble ~

Unfortunately, Lucy had reached her limit, she had fulfilled her duty and now her mind (and her bladder) was free from the chains.

~ click ~

~ psssssssss ~

"Oh no ... ahhhhhh" (Lucy)

~ ssssssshhh ~

"Huh?" (Lucy)

Hecate was 10 feet lower than Lucy pointing the camera exactly under her skirt while two streams of urine descended to the ground splashing lightly the lower part of Hecate's robes, Lucy was impassive (Except for her bladder that kept drowning the now yellowed knickers).

Spoiler

$$

Otherwise, as soon as they exchanged glances, Hecate turned and ran to the best of her ability as she launched herself into the city from the gate.

Normally Lucy, a supervisor Guardian with near-transcendental abilities and lightning-fast speed could disintegrate or at least block Hecate, but it was too surreal as what had just happened to her and therefore had stood still for about 5 seconds before running at her with a murderous intent that instantly knocked out the guards at the gate but a few centimeters from Hecate was stopped by an invisible barrier (Hecate fell to the ground anyway due to the wind generated by Lucy) exposing to the people inside the town her black panties.

"Huff ... huff, I'm sorry my dear Lucy, but in the city, you can't harm me, the tower protects me" (Hecate)

Both the guardians and the people could not hurt anyone in the cities, however the guardians except in case of enforcing the order could not even interfere so Lucy couldn’t take the camera to Hecate without violating the rules of the tower

"This bastard! How dare you make such a joke on me and think of escaping it! Go out after the citi's gate!" Lucy thought

"Oh rest assured that if you don't delete those photos I swear you'll regret it for the rest of your life!" (Lucy)

"Oh yeah? Well, anyway, shouldn't you hide such a visible incident? I know that the rules of the tower don't apply here but you know ... a guardian who gets his pants wet, surely you don't make the goddess look good, you can't even make us believe not to be a guardian, that tunic made it clear to all present and you did nothing but attract attention ... "

~ sniff ~

A tear ran down Lucy's right cheek, completely humiliated and mortified, she had now fallen to the ground so as not to attract her attention by keeping her hands on the front of her tunic in direct contact with the warm humidity. Despite her monstrous stats, she not only let herself be humiliated by a little girl but she felt her legs weak as if she were about to fall to the ground and cry screaming in embarrassment, but this time she managed to hold back.

~ snap ~

With a snap of her fingers, her tunic (at least visually) looked dry.

"I can't even take your camera ... theft is not allowed in this area ... what a treacherous plan!" Thought Lucy, but then she realized something else.

"Hey ... you know I don't want to give you ideas that you may not have thought of but you know ... I wouldn't want to use the shop ... for the real one?" (Lucy)

Hecate did not answer, at least non-verbally, "I screwed you my friend" is what Hecate thought and what Lucy felt when reading her mind.

"Please ... everything but not that ... I beg you ... they could fire me and let me go back into the tower ... I would lose everything ... delete the photos, I'll do what you want!" (Lucy)

"Oh a golden opportunity," thought Hecate (obviously on purpose)

"Lucy you know ... I have a particular fetish ... you know I'm a bit ashamed to make you such a request ..." (Hecate)

"Tell me, I beg you, I don't judge anyone, I'll do what you want! ... except things that are too heavy" (Lucy)

"I would like your panties ... the wet ones" (Hecate)

"Oh that's enough, let me see you delete the photos, all of them, and I'll give you the panties" (Lucy)

"I don't trust, we make a trade in the shop" (Hecate)

"How the fuck do you know these things !? Okay let's hurry up that ... it's getting cold down here ..." (Lucy)

"Exchange"

Id: 0000001008 <> Id: 0517740230

3x photos <> (drenched) Snowy Field Silk pure white ones (A +)

"Before you screw me again, show me how many pictures you took!" (Lucy)

"She discovered Me!" Hecate thought (Always deliberately)

"Show me up, ah here is written 4 photos in memory, I can read my dear, I will not be fooled by you again!" (Lucy)

Id: 0000001008 <> Id: 0517740230

4x photos <> (drenched) Snowy Field Silk pure white ones (A +)

"Come on, accept this trade" (Lucy)

"Ok ..." (Hecate)

《Exchange completed successfully》

"Well now I'm going to change, you know now it's even colder down here! Repent forever of this crazy idea of yours, you could have taken 2 high-ranking items, you wasted the help of a guardian for such a dirty purpose, one day I'll make you pay for this! " (Lucy)

~ snap ~

~ swoosh ~

"Hahahahahaha ... Hehehe Haha" (Hecate)

Lucy disappeared after a snap of her fingers and Hecate fell to the ground laughing like crazy.

~ dribble ~

"Ooops, I have not to exaggerate ... Hahaha"

End (for now)

Hello everyone, I hope I have entertained you, I'm sorry there is not much "Omorashi" content, I hope to add more, as always I state that this is a story translated with google from Italian to English so there may be errors or incomplete sense, I apologize in case.

*002*2021-08-11 21:28

The golden tower 01

(Arrival at the Last Night) part 1 of 2 , contains: desperation, wetting and diaper pee.

{Year 9988 of the golden calendar, out from The Golden Tower (right foot of the giant)}

"Is she a guardian?" (Human 1)

"Did you see whaat speed?" (Dogkin)

"Yes, that wind was really strong, it lifted my skirt!" (Foxkin)

"Who is that girl? Did you anger a guardian? Poor thing!" (Half-elf)

"Hey, is that the superintendent keeper?" (Human 2)

"Yes, it's Lucy!" (Sea lizard)

"Wait, that wet spot, she didn't piss herself, did she?" (Elf 1)

"It's impossible, you'll be wrong...well, now that you point it out to me ..." (Human 1)

"Hey is the stain gone?" (Elf 2)

"Would we have been wrong?" (Human 1)

"She is gone and was crying!" (Dogkin)

"Who is that? She made a superintendent guardian cry !?" (Foxkin)

"And she also made her wet alone" (Human 2)

"That's why she's laughing so hard!" (Human 3)

The inhabitants at the entrance of the capital (Right Foot of the Giant) did not believe their eyes, to the people outside the tower the rules of it were unknown and the guardians hardly showed themselves in public, so the situation was particularly exciting for the inhabitants, all they wanted to go and talk to Hecate to satisfy their curiosity but no one approached.

"I attracted a lot of attention eh eh, better to change the area with composure" (Hecate)

Hecate vaguely remembered the map of the city and even if almost all of the houses had changed the alleys at the entrance to the city were almost the same, so to avoid questions from people he threw himself walking quickly in the first alley to go towards the entrance of the tower, she also realized that she was initially followed but after having made about a kilometer the feeling of being observed had vanished.

The capital of floor 0 (right foot of the giant) was built precisely to guarantee a place for those who wanted to challenge the tower and Hecate who wanted to enter it as soon as possible had to make some preparations, the most important was to form a party of reliable people but had to also take "special" items that would have been much harder to find or much more expensive in the tower.

"Oh it was a long time since I saw it, it is beautiful as always," Hecate thought at the view from the entrance of the tower, externally it looked like a small circular temple, no more than ten meters high, but it emanated an aura of incredible sacredness.

It was located in the center of a huge square with a marble colonnade all around, under the colonnade there were various shops with magical objects, weapons, supplies, and medicines.

However, it was not here that Hecate wanted to buy things, she already had her equipment, she had come here only to see the entrance to the tower, now she wanted to find an inn where she hoped to find companions and information, and maybe take a trip to the bathroom. her bladder was beginning to give discreet warning signals.

"The Last Night, I didn't think it still existed...it seems bigger...much bigger!" (Hecate)

The Last Night was the inn that as the name suggests used by those who wanted to climb the tower the next morning, Hecate also spent his last night here.

But now, what used to be a simple house on the edge of the entrance square had become an imposing eight-story building.

"Wow, if it's so hectic outside I don't dare imagine how crowded it will be inside," thought Hecate observing the number of horses and wagons in front of the inn, she braced herself and went inside.

"Hey get up! Move away!" (Girl in armor)

~ thump ~

Just entered the entrance a girl in heavy armor (no helmet) she screamed behind Hecate, she would dodge but with her current abilities it was useless to even try, she prepared to take the blow and fell to the ground.

"Does that seem the way to behave?"

"Yes yes, we'll talk about it later, now I'm in a hurry!"

(Girl in armor)

The girl appeared to be in her early 20s, had long black hair running down her shoulders, and looked like a long-eared elf, her armor was impressive, dark in color, and scary, obviously not Hecate who would let it go. but honestly, she was annoyed and so as soon as the girl in armor passed her she suddenly grabbed her left leg making her lose her balance.

~ crash~

Unlike Hecate's robe, the armor made more noise and attracted her attention more.

~ pssst ~

"Oh no! Are you crazy? To make a person fall like this by treachery !?" (Girl in armor)

"Listen who's talking, are you an hypocrite?" (Hecate)

"I have good motivation! (Girl in armor)

~ psst ~

The girl in armor stood up quickly and with the thick gloves, she pressed on her crotch with all the strength she had.

"Oh, interesting," Hecate thought after she got up too, as she saw her limp towards the reception.

"Where's the bathroom? This is an emergency!" (Girl in armor)

"Calm down Miss, first of all, are you our client?" (Receptionist)

The receptionist was at the end of her shift, she wanted to go to the bathroom too and the regulation was that the bathroom was exclusive to customers and employees, she had never seen this girl and from her appearance, she did not seem particularly rich or important so she had no reason to waste time with her in case she wasn't a customer.

~ dribble ~

"Mhmm I really intend to rent a room for tonight!" (Girl in armor)

"It's a real shame, unfortunately, my shift is over, I don't see my colleague anywhere but I'm sure she is about to arrive, in the meantime what about eating something in the back? We have a great mushroom soup today" (Receptionist)

"Yeah, you can stick the mushrooms up your ass, give me a room so I can use the bathroom!" (Girl in armor)

"..." (Receptionist)

~ pssst ~

"Look, she's starting to irritate me, do you want" The receptionist was about to send the elf in armor away from the inn but Hecate intervened: "Excuse my friend's behavior"

"You?" (Girl in armor)

"We took a long way to get into the tower, and now ... you know my friend is going to have a little accident in her armor, you know it would be a shame to get her dirty, so can she give us a room please?" (Hecate)

~ PSSST ~

A clear sound confirming Hecate's words could be heard, "...", the girl in armor couldn't say anything, she just pushed through the armor with all the strength she had left to avoid getting any further wet.

"I understand, I'm sorry for your friend, but"

(Receptionist)

"We'll pay double and leave you a good tip, plus isn't that better than cleaning the carpet?" (Hecate)

~ dribble ~

Another yellow drop oozed from the girl in armor as a small tear ran down her face before settling on her chin.

"Huff, alright, I'll make an exception, well, fill out this simple form, the cost is 250 coins per night so I'm fine with 500 coins" (Receptionist)

"Well, my friend pay as well and then you can enjoy your sweet relief," said Hecate winking at the girl in armor who without thinking put 5 silver coins on the counter.

~ dribble dribble ~

"Where is the toilet?" (Girl in armor)

"You must fill out the form first" (Receptionist)

"Okay, give it to me" (Girl in armor)

~ pssst ~

~ drip ~

~ pssst ~

After writing her name, the girl in armor completely lost the mental strength to understand the form so she just wrote here and there and put crosses.

"I'm done, so where is the bathroom?" (Girl in armor)

"Are you sure of what you wrote?"

(Receptionist)

~ dribble ~

"Yup!"

"Great, the bathroom is on the second floor and the stairs are over there on the left ..." before she could finish speaking the girl had already run away

"Well, where is my form?" (Hecate)

"Oh, I'll take it now, sure you're a cheeky little girl, pretend to know a person with the excuse of helping her to pay for the room ..." (Receptionist)

"I tried to help, the room is compensation for dropping me at the entrance, however, what did you know?" (Hecate)

"If you were a friend of hers and her travel companion, you would know her well and therefore you would have offered to fill in the form" (Receptionist)

"You have a point" (Hecate)

《Check-in declaration form》

First name:

:

Declarable information;

Services:

Do you need room service? □ (25 coin)

Do you need to be awakened? □ (50 coin)

Special services:

Chamber assistant □ (300 coin)

Slave for climbing the tower? □ (3000 coin)

Statements:

I undertake not to disturb other customers after 10 P.M. □ (Penalty 50-250 coins)

I declare not to wet the bed and to undertake not to damage the furniture □ (Penalty 100-1000 coins)

"So did you compile the form?" (Receptionist)

"Sure, so what room do you give us?" (Hecate)

"The P029, second floor, here's the key, tell your so-called friend too, you know I wouldn't be comfortable sleeping with a perfect stranger, but I'm me, now if you want to excuse me, I'm done my shift" (Receptionist)

"Don't worry, I'm coming with you, I have to go to the bathroom too" (Hecate)

"You're wrong ..." (Receptionist)

"If you wanted to hide it you didn't have to put your hand under your skirt, and dancing with your legs crossed made it more evident" (Hecate)

"I don't know what you're talking about ..." (Receptionist)

"Okay, let's go see if our friend in armor made it in the bathroom or not."

"..."

Hecate and the Receptionist went to the second floor of the inn, when the Receptionist got up from the chair Hecate could see a fair amount of humidity but it was probably just sweat.

~ squirm ~

~ squirm ~

There was a line of 2 girls for the bathroom, the first of her was a lady of about 40 years old dressed in a long dark dress that covered her shoes, a floral hat, and a shoulder bag, the elf was the second her, she was writhing and dancing on the spot (Making noise because of the armor drew all attention to herself), at her feet on the wooden floor were small droplets demonstrating how close she was to the end of her suffering.

Hecate and the Receptionist decided to line up behind her.

"Just follow me, go somewhere else!" She said the girl in armor hoping that fewer people would be close to her in case she had to hold back even more explicitly than she already was and especially in case she didn't make it in time.

"Why should I, I have to go to the bathroom too and I'm probably holding back longer than you!"

"Receptionist)

~ dribble ~

~ dribble ~

It was clear that the Receptionist was also on the edge.

"And above all, how do you plan to enter the bathroom with that armor? You need help removing it, right?" (Hecate)

"I can do it alone and I don't want you to see me in wet pants ... I mean ... naked!" (Girl in armor)

"If you think you will not lose while you take off the leggings or the bodice, do as you wish, however, I offer to help you despite how you treated me before, my name is Hecate and I aspire to become a sorceress, it is better to get distracted in these situations, I can ask your name? "(Hecate)

"Yeah yeah, I also paid you for the room, I think she's already sorry, indeed you are in my debt...and my name is Isabel..." (Isabel)

"So is the play of the friends over? You seem already made for each other, I really think that you are perfect for climbing the tower together" (Receptionist)

~ drip ~

~ dribble ~

A few losses and minutes later

"How long have you been in line Isabel anyway?" (Hecate)

~ pssst ~

"Urgh .. Hecate you said to think of something else!" (Isabel)

"You're right, 5 minutes have passed and the door hasn't opened, what's going on in there?" (Receptionist)

"My daughter is inside, I usually take a lot of time in the bathroom, she's slow in timing" (Woman in her forties)

~ PSSSHH ~

A loud hiss could be heard, it was not of a flow hitting the armor but a muffled sound and it was not clear where it came from, obviously, this was not true for Hecate, with his experience he could perfectly tell where it came from, he just had to to make the culprit admit in some way, since the object she needed, which made just that muffled sound, was a particular type of underwear.

"Isabel?" (Hecate)

"It's not me!" She answered Isabel angrily even though she had lost quite a few droplets just hearing the hiss.

"If it wasn't you then ..." (Hecate)

"Ah don't look at me, I can resist a few more hours!" She answered the Receptionist to Hecate's and Isabel's accusing gaze.

"..." (woman in her forties)

~ psssssssssssssssssssshhh ~

This time there was a longer hiss, still very muffled but at a lower volume difficult to hear.

~ drip ~

"Urgh ... what the fuck, someone here is making jokes in bad taste!" (Isabel)

For Isabel who was a long-eared elf, it was easy to hear the hiss which did not help her with her situation, if her armor was of medium or low quality she would probably have already folded under the enormous pressure she was putting on with both hands.

The receptionist, fortunately, did not hear the sound but she was no better than the elf, her panties were now completely soaked and she had a speck on her skirt caused by her holding on with her hand without thinking about the consequences, she had learned her lesson but the wet sign now it was there, it was difficult to see but it would not dry quickly, in fact, it would probably expand.

"Who knows how big their blisters are" wondered Hecate seeing what surrounded her, she too must go wrong, she felt compassion for Isabel and the Receptionist ... a memory of her old self floated in her mind, which led her to think a stupid thing ... very stupid: "what if I let some jets come out? So without thinking too much ..." the more she thought about it the more tempted she was, her bladder began to throb more intensely and she felt her urethra about to open, he also needed an excuse to ask the woman in her forties a question ... so she took courage and started to let out a little trickle:

~ sssh ~

~ click ~

The sound of the door unlocking caused Hecate's flow to stop but not before the crotch of her panties became translucent.

The bathroom door opened and a turquoise-haired girl of about 12 stepped out with a sunny smile on her lips.

"Mom, are we going to eat?" (Little girl)

"One-moment dear, mom has to go to the bathroom, wait a moment out here, I'll be quick" (woman in her forties)

"Urgh, please hurry" (Isabel)

~ dribble ~

Hecate was amazed, she for an instant she thought she was wrong but she changed her mind immediately after looking at the woman's bag, she had to be able to speak but how? She came to an idea.

"Madam, couldn't you send my friend to the bathroom first? She knows she probably won't be able to wait another minute" (Hecate)

Hecate stressed Isabel's condition.

"And why? I'm here first and even if you don't see it I'm bursting" (Woman in her forties)

"Mom, make these girls go, I'll feel guilty if they rattle in their pants because of me!" (Little girl)

"But just go into the bathroom ... just hurry up," thought Isabel and the Receptionist.

"Why have we been waiting for her daughter for more than 10 minutes, doesn't she feel guilty?" Hecate replied, omitting the part of the woman who discreetly lightened herself up for all to see.

"My daughter is still small and as I said she is slow, now if you want to excuse me" replied the woman in her forties putting her right hand on the handle after taking off the bag that she was now holding in her left hand.

"..." (Little girl)

"Wait, we are young too, she is older, she will surely have a strong bladder, let us enter first, if not all three at least my friend who has been here longer" (Hecate)

"My sick old bladder is certainly weaker than yours!" (Woman in her forties)

"Oh, sick? In what sense?" Hecate asked pretending to be stupid and making the woman blush scarlet red.

"Mom, what are you saying? You've always had the biggest bladder of all! I've never seen you run to the bathroom!" Her daughter said making her mother blush even more.

~ psssst ~

"Enough now! Please! I'm getting wet!" (Isabel)

Hecate made his move, stood next to the woman right at the door, and whispered in her ear: "Let my friend go first or I'll show where those suspicious hisses came from, all in front of your daughter" I mention the bag.

~ psssshh ~

A hissing sound coming from under the woman's robe could be heard by Hecate who wondered, "Shall I surprise her too much?" The woman herself was very nervous, her diaper was completely full and the urine from this last involuntary release was not absorbed, she was worried that she might leak at any moment.

"... Okay, elven girl, you go first .." (lady in her forties)

~ PSSST ~

Isabel didn't have it repeated twice but as soon as she took a step she realized that it was too late, her every defense had been violated and she understood that without sacrifices it was impossible to arrive on time.

"Hecate ... help me, open the door and also support me in getting out of the armor ..." Isabel said softly and almost whispering.

Hecate opened the door showing the Receptionist and Isabel herself the longed-for sight, for both of them it was too much to bear, especially for Isabel who knew she was first.

~ drip ~

If for the receptionist it was just a small spill blocked with the palm of her hand ...

~ pssssssssst ~

For Isabel it was a long stream flowing directly into her armor leggings, her panties were now soaked and the pants she was probably wearing under her armor were about to do the same.

"Come on Isabel, you can do it, she goes inside!" Hecate said after entering as she held the door open for Isabel, she gathered all her remaining courage and strength and managed to enter.

~ click ~

"Okay, the door is closed" (Hecate)

~ psssssssss ~

"Quick, hurry, now I'll explain how to open the armor," Isabel said as another leak trickled down her legs this time up to her boots, a continuous leak that hasn't stopped completely, it just slowed down to a few droplets at a time.

~ click ~

~ jingle ~

"But how ..." (Isabel)

"Huff, it's heavy !, hurry up, sit on the water, you're peeing all over the place!" (Hecate)

Isabel was shocked, Hecate had pulled off her lower bodice and armor leggings in an instant and even though she didn't look muscled in the least she was holding the heavy armor without showing the slightest fatigue.

Isabel's pants were on display, they were white in contrast to the armor, they were wet down to her knees except for two yellow lines that reached down to her feet.

~ PSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS ~

While thinking about this Isabel felt the heat becoming more and more intense, she was peeing at full force, flooding the floor and producing a loud thundering sound that helped neither those who were outside the bathroom nor poor Hecate who at that sight felt herself warm. groin.

"Sit down!" Hecate yelled at Isabel in a trance.

"Huff ..." (Isabel)

The poor elf in armor did not know if her cheeks were warmer from embarrassment or the inside of her thighs that was undergoing a flood of hot golden liquid, she tried to stop the flow but it was over now, she decided to sit on the toilet with his pants still on and finishing emptying his bladder.

~ psssssssss ~

Hecate and Isabel continued to stare at each other in disbelief for another 30 seconds.

"Her capacity is about 2 times bigger than mine... and she's wearing pink panties, ”Hecate thought as she looked at the translucent crotch of Isabel's white pants.

"Hecate ... help me ... I don't want anyone else to see me like this ..." Isabel said pointing with both hands at the crotch of her ridiculously soaked white (now yellow) pants.

"Isabel ... it's impossible to hide this incident, look around, we can't do anything to dry all this urine, I suggest you put your armor back on and go to your room, there you can clean yourself well, I'll bring you a bowl of hot water ok? " (Hecate)

~ sniff ~

"... okay ... my armor ... won't get damaged will it? It's important to me you know?" (Isabel)

"Don't worry, even if you pee in it every day it wouldn't get rusty," Hecate said jokingly.

"Oh ..." (Isabel)

"Come to think of it ... you know elven armor well, huh?" Isabel thought

~ Knock knock ~

"Please, let me in, I don't have it anymore!" (Receptionist)

"Come on Isabel, wouldn't I have the landing attached as well as the bathroom? (Hecate)

"If it hadn't been for her, I wouldn't have had to face this humiliation ... but I don't want you to end up like this, I don't wish it to anyone!" (Isabel)

~ click ~

As soon as the door unlocked the Receptionist threw it open and rushed on the toilet at full speed as she lifted her skirt with both arms without worrying about being fully visible.

~ slump ~

Unfortunately, she slipped on her back on the puddle made by Isabel.

~ psssssst ~

"Nooo!" She screamed at the Receptionist before standing up and sitting on the toilet peeing through her panties.

"Ah" (Receptionist)

Apparently, she didn't arrive in time too, well… she would have made it if it weren't for Isabel's puddle, Hecate thought.

"I'm going to my room ..." (Isabel)

"Can you close the door first?" (Receptionist)

Without saying anything Isabel pulled the door open, finally giving the receptionist some privacy.

"Then I'll wait for you, thanks for everything" (Isabel)

"Okay, the room is P029, see you soon" (Hecate)

~ plink plunk ~

Hecate couldn't help but be abstracted from the droplets of pee falling from the armor directly onto the wooden floor, she also noticed that Isabel's bearing was completely different, much more "powerful" and "relaxed" she thought, probably because she didn't have to. holding back or because he didn't want to draw attention to himself.

"Well, I'm going too, it's the end of my shift so someone else will take care of cleaning," said the Receptionist walking while holding her skirt with her hand trying to look discreet and leading Hecate to think that either she was trying to hide a wet stain or she had taken off her soaked panties, but now that they were all gone except the lady who was about to enter the bathroom and her daughter could finally aim for her target.

"So we want to change this diaper?" She whispered Hecate directly into the ear of the woman in her forties who was about to enter the bathroom.

This chapter has been divided into two parts, I will release the second in the weekend, this time I have not changed the color of the text (because I noticed difficulties in reading with the dark theme) and I haven't drawn images.

*003*2021-12-25 01:22

Happy holidays to you!

I was months late...good!

The golden tower 01

(Arrival at the Last Night) part 2 of 2 ,Contains: diapers and slight desperation.

"Yes, I'll go to the bathroom for a moment," the woman said, ignoring Hecate's provocation.

"I'm coming with you" said Hecate and with her lip he made her understand too: "I'll help you change."

"Eh? No! You Don't talk about it!" (Woman in her forties)

"Girl, do you know your mom has to change her diaper?" (Hecate)

"Mom has to talk to this young lady, here, take these and wait for me at the tavern to have lunch, please be careful" (Woman in her forties)

"A 1000-credit coin eh, you have to be rich, well to afford diapers," Hecate said in a mocking voice.

"You, you ugly bitch! It seems like the way to treat me in front of my daughter ..." (Woman in her forties)

"Sorry sorry, actually I have something to ask you" (Hecate)

"Oh? Do you want to blackmail me? What do you want? Credits?" (Woman in her forties)

"You know tomorrow I will enter the tower" (Hecate)

"I have no magic items if that's what you want ..." the woman said annoyed.

"No ... I would need something else ..." Hecate said, now it was her turn to blush for her embarrassment making her Guess the woman about her request.

"Hmm I think I understand, you need these right?" The woman said pointing to her bag.

"How?" Hecate thought but it made no sense for her to deny it.

"Yes, I would need ..." (Hecate)

"Hahaha, good my incontinent girl who allows herself to threaten me in front of my daughter," said the woman raising her voice to the word "incontinent" making the people on the landing turn to her and Hecate who changed shades of red, she also thought back to her panties that had been moistened voluntarily before Isabel's accident, they were still slightly wet and gave an unpleasant, sticky cold feeling that added to Hecate's embarrassment.

"I'm not incontinent," she thought she would answer but she didn't and regained her composure.

"So? Will you give them to me or do I have to raise my voice too? Maybe downstairs ..." (Hecate)

"... what's going on? Aren't you bothering to threaten a woman older than you?" (Woman in her forties)

"What's wrong with her? Maybe I shouldn't have accepted being put on the same level as her ..." thought Hecate.

"Listen, I understand how you feel, maybe we started on the wrong foot, my name is Hecate, what's your name?" Hecate said smiling and holding out his hand.

The woman was a little hesitant to give her name, this is because the possibility of her name being recognized was high, she had been quite famous as a young man as together with her husband they were a couple of markets with moderate success and had accumulated a little darling.

"My name is Audrey," the woman finally said without shaking Hecate's hand.

"Nice to meet you Audrey!" (Hecate)

~ hsssssssssshhh ~

Suddenly a hissing began.

"Urgh ... NO!" Audrey said before bending over and sticking both arms between her thighs, without thinking she felt the urge to urinate and she let go not thinking about her diaper.

~ split ~

"No! Is dripping!" The woman said before limping to the door to enter the bathroom.

~ click ~

Hecate had followed her inside, the woman's dress glittered to make it obvious that she was wearing protection, a protection that was no longer enough, the woman lifted her dress exposing her sagging diaper, only the upper part was left of white, it was completely soaked, a deep yellow.

"It's a normal diaper ... it doesn't look good quality and quite thin too," thought Hecate.

Without wasting time Hecate took out the camera, as soon as she was ready to shoot, the woman let herself go completely soaking the diaper that she began to lose everywhere and helping to increase the size of the puddle in the bathroom, all while Hecate was filming.

~ sssssssssssssshhh ~

~ spatter spatter ~

"Sniff sniff what a humiliation for someone my age ... I hope you are happy with the show ... you also made my shoes wet!" (Audrey)

Hecate stopped the recording and put the camera away, Audrey didn't know what she was and Hecate wasn't going to tell her for now.

"It wasn't my fault, it's basic to understand how wet the diaper got and not forget it before letting go absent-mindedly!" Hecate cautioned Audrey but she practically admitted that she needed diapers, which made them both smile, they were reaching an understanding and Hecate couldn't hope for better.

Indeed, seeing Audrey struggling to tinker with her dress trying not to get it wet, she decided to try to help her.

"Listen, if you want I can take off your diaper ... or hold your dress up ..." (Hecate)

"It's embarrassing ... you could be my daughter but for this very reason I thank you, okay, I accept your help" (Audrey)

Audrey was amazed that Hecate had not taken the opportunity to tease her and began to think that she before her was not deliberately humiliating her in front of all of her but she was just trying to help her friend get in. bathroom.

Seeing Audrey still holding up her skirt, Hecate knelt and took a closer look at the protection the woman was wearing.

"Then I'll proceed to take it off," Hecate said without even giving Audrey time to answer.

~ ripple ~

In a moment Audrey with her pubis uncovered a few centimeters from Hecate.

"..." (Audrey)

For two seconds she continued to hold up her skirt but realizing she no longer had underwear she pulled her dress down regardless of the moisture still present on her thighs.

"Heated breeze!" (Hecate)

~ flutter flutter ~

Audrey's dress did not touch her moist skin, a breeze supported him making him flutter while at the same time she dried her legs and crotch, obviously all for less than 5 seconds.

~ leak ~

Hecate's black panties that had dried completely re-moistened again until a drop fell on the floor because this time it was almost completely full, all this happened due to the exhaustion of mana, which also led her to stagger a little in place before recovering and then blush slightly.

"Did you use magic?" Audrey.

"Exactly, that's why I need diapers on the tower, I'm not incontinent, just when I use spells my bladder goes to empty" Hecate replied, obviously it wasn't but it was better to put it this way.

"So you're wearing one even now?" (Audrey)

"No because?" (Hecate)

"You said your bladder empties after a spell, you don't look wet at all" (Audrey)

I thought if she had noticed, thought Hecate.

"This is because my bladder is empty," said Hecate lying.

"Ah I understand then that's why thanks for drying me then." (Audrey)

Now Hecate wanted to go to the bathroom but he said he was okay so he decided not to think about it, he still had Audrey's diaper in his hand and began to observe it more carefully to evaluate it, she was not sure of the material but she was convinced of the reliability, it was heavy, surely it could absorb a lot and to the touch, it was soft and spongy on the inside and smooth on the outside.

~ rustle ~

"And anyway you are an expert to pulled it off with incredible speed and yet they are customized models that are not easily found on the market, you know, how did you know him?" Audrey said feeling uncomfortable to see Hecate touching her overflowing diaper watching it carefully without showing any sign of disgust at the smell or touch of her urine.

~ crinkle ~

"You say? I'm not that good" Hecate replied after placing the diaper on the floor, unable to nod to such a statement.

"It will be as you say, however, I decided to help you, also to thank you for not letting my dress get wet, tell me how many diapers do you need? Also we don't know, if you are the same size as me, do I have to give you the contact of the seller?" (Audrey)

"No, I don't need it, I'm sure this diaper fits me perfectly" replied Hecate pointing to it, "and in any case, I'm going to go up the tower tomorrow morning with the girl from before" she added.

"Would you like to go up the tower with some diapers? How do you know you can find more on the tower?" (Audrey)

"I just have to bring enough of them that I don't need to find others" (Hecate)

"It's impossible, are you going to take a wagon up the tower? Or is the quantity of one bag sufficient?" (Audrey)

"No, if I get caught with a load of diapers on the tower I wouldn't have an easy life, I'll put them in here," Hecate said showing her right ring finger where her grade F + [Storage ring] was.

A magical object huh, interesting, thought Audrey.

"So how many can you give me?" (Hecate)

"How many can you take with that?"

Audrey asked.

"I think I have no problems with about twenty, if I empty the ring even double I think it's fine" (Hecate)

"Oh well, then I'll bring you 40?" (Audrey)

"Maybe, thank you, do you also have different models by chance?" (Hecate)

"I have a few pull-ups but I don't use them often ..." (Audrey)

"They're fine, I don't need to see them, give me 20 of each type please" (Hecate)

"Okay, how do I get them to you then?" (Audrey)

"Put them in the bag and bring them to me, they are in room P029, tomorrow morning knock 5 times and I will know it's you, I would prefer not to do it in front of my roommate so I will go out into the corridor and put them in the ring immediately, come at sunrise, I wait for "(Hecate)

Hecate turned giving the woman the opportunity to put on a new diaper in intimacy and waited for her outside the door, hoping to use the bathroom as soon as she came out, but another woman was leaning against the wall next to the door with a bucket, a sign and a couple of rags.

So here is the "problem" with the "plumbing"? (Cleaning lady)

Hecate realized that she had probably been called by the receptionist to remedy the golden lake that had spread over the entire surface of the bathroom floor.

"Yes, it's here ..." (Hecate)

"Is anyone inside?" (Cleaning lady)

"Yes, there is a lady" (Hecate)

The cleaning lady replied, "I understand" and put the "out of order" sign on the floor.

"Could you let me use the bathroom before cleaning?" (Hecate)

"No, I've been waiting here for about ten minutes and you've just left, you have to wait until I finish my work" (Cleaning lady)

"..." (Hecate)

~ click ~

"Oh housekeeping ?! Please, there is some cleaning, expect a good tip at the reception" (Audrey)

"Thank you ma'am but I assure you it's all in the ordinary ... or maybe not, wow!" The cleaning lady added after looking inside, then entering and closing the door leaving Hecate without the possibility of asking if there was another bathroom.

Audrey waved to her Hecate with a wink, but she had an idea.

"Audrey, could you give me one now?" Hecate said without making it seem like she was in a hurry even though with a keen eye she could see how much she cared.

"How come?" (Audrey)

"Nothing, in particular, I just want to see how much space it occupies in the ring" (Hecate)

"Oh actually I finished the clean ones, I am left with the one you took from me earlier and one that I changed this morning, if you want we can go to my rooms or in the wagon and get them without having to wait until tomorrow morning" (Audrey)

"Isn't your daughter waiting for you?" (Hecate)

"Yes, but I think she can wait another 5 minutes" (Audrey)

"Maybe she ... can wait," thought Hecate before replying, "Okay, let's go to your room."

"Okay but there are no pull-ups there" (Audrey)

"I'll take them later than" (Hecate)

Audrey walked down the corridor with Hecate behind her, eventually, they came back in front of the stairs but instead of going down Audrey started to go up to the third floor of the inn, Hecate struggled a lot to climb the stairs without missing a drop.

Eventually, they arrived in front of a room with a more elegant and sturdier door than the others.

"Here we are, this is my room, the L110" (Audrey)

"What a luxury, it will cost a lot!" Hecate said, luckily thanks to her experience of her even though her bladder was bursting, she was able to stay calm, and now at the door, she was even more convinced that she had made it.

"It doesn't cost a lot, especially for me, I know the owner of Last Night" (Audrey)

~ click ~

"I understand," Hecate said immediately after Audrey unlocked the door revealing a posh apartment with at least 3 connecting rooms.

"It's also huge ..." Hecate said, she didn't remember rooms in this inn that had more than one room.

"Yes, it's a pity we don't have a bathroom for exclusive use or even a chamber pot" she replied Audrey entering and pulling out a trunk fitted with wheels from under one of the two queen-size beds "

"Don't you have your own bathroom on for your exclusive use?" Hecate said smiling.

"Well, you're right but my daughter isn't, I often have to take her out at night because she's afraid to go to the bathroom alone" (Audrey)

"Can't you ask for a chamber pot?" (Hecate)

"Unfortunately they are banned from this inn, it's like an unwritten rule" (Audrey)

Hecate knew the reason for this ban, it was a choice of the guardians outside to give a little taste of one of the peculiar aspects of the tower on the last night and also to have people arrive from outside with a full bladder, she was surprised that this tradition had not changed over time.

"And how do you see her wearing a diaper when your daughter is having a tantrum?" (Hecate)

"I don't want my daughter to use these infernal tools even once if she doesn't need them" replied Audrey as she rummaged through her bag and then pulled out a bunch of keys with which she opened the trunk revealing packs of moleskin and jute closed with a string of skin.

"Take as many as you want" (Audrey)

Hecate did not have it repeated 2 times, she brought the ring close to a package and put it in the ring, then tried a second package but the ring was already full.

"How many are there in a pack?" (Hecate)

"Hmm, there are exactly sixteen" (Audrey)

"Ah, can I open another one to get five more in bulk then?" (Hecate)

"Go ahead" (Audrey)

"Thank you," Hecate said before loosening the leather strap and taking another 5, now she had to run to the room to quickly put on one, she didn't need to try too hard even before entering the tower.

"Thanks, Audrey, you were very kind, sorry again for embarrassing you" (Hecate)

Hecate was about to go out the door but Audrey retorted "Oh, don't worry, I can say I met a good person, if I didn't go up the tower I think we could make friends easily, despite you are so young you are very mature Miss Hecate" He said smiling.

"Thanks, now I have to say hello, Isabel will be waiting for me, I'll see you downstairs, I'm starting to get hungry," said Hecate before going out the door.

The corridor was crowded, probably because it was lunchtime.

"Oh fuck ... how do I wear it?" thought Hecate after being invaded by a couple of glances from the people in the corridor, she regretted not having taken advantage of Audrey's rooms and she began to go down the stairs until arriving again in front of the bathroom.

Unfortunately, the "out of service" sign was still present and despite this, there were still two women in the queue.

"Hey, do you know where I can find a usable bathroom?" (Lass)

And they were about to become three.

"Oh, on the fourth floor there is one but there was no short line, so we are here waiting" (First woman inline)

Another girl who arrived in front of the bathroom on the second floor removed all doubts from Hecate, she had only her and Isabel's room left.

"but with what excuse?" She thought, she had no way of getting a basin of water now, she also needed a container and she would have provided the water with a spell, but she didn't want to go down to the reception in those conditions.

After careful consideration of the possibilities, she decided to go to the room.

P029 was on the same floor as the bathroom, so in less than a minute she was in front of the door, she considered her options: "if she came in now without a basin how would she be able to convince Isabel to leave her room so that she could do what she did. he had to do?" And "How would Isabel have taken it if she'd seen the diaper?" This was a problem because she would have generated the possibility of compromising herself as soon as she entered the tower.

~ pssst ~

A little hot trickle warmed her panties, she could have kept it inside her but she decided to let her body decide it.

Her panties now wet for the third time reminded her of very important detail, an object that she had not considered using because she needed it for something else, an object that gave her the possibility to solve everything.

Hecate looked around her and after putting her hands so that her hands were not visible she pulled out of the storage ring the (Yellowed) Snowy Field Silk pure white ones, an A + grade item. Just by holding them in her hand she could feel a copious amount of mana coming out of them, she didn't even need to wear Lucy's ex panties, she just needed to hold them in her hand, being such a high-grade item they didn't do things like boost stats, they just gave you the ability to use the power of the tower, the essence, an ordinary person would not know how to use such a treasure but it was easy for Hecate to increase his mana to the limit his current body could tolerate.

With her panties hidden in her left sleeve and with the certainty of wet a diaper within a few minutes, she took the key, put it in the lock, and tried to open the door but it did not open.

~ knock knock knock ~

"Hey Isabel I'm Hecate, open the door please" (Hecate)

Nobody answered.

"Isabel open, I brought a bowl of hot water," said Hecate, it wasn't the truth but she would have solved it with magic.

Again, nobody answered.

End part 2; I hope to use the Christmas holydays d to post something else...

