FUBOT's assorted one shots of Omorashi and/or Messing

Author: FUBOT

*000*2021-05-16 00:15

Should have just done one of these threads the first time. I have a couple of stories I've been trying to touch up, and they never really have follow ups. Most of them are Omorashi, as I know the messing audience is much smaller. This first story though is definitely a messing story, with a very explicit sex scene involved after the clean up. I'll leave a mark in there for that for people who want to skip it.

###

M'ow

By FUBOT

Pet play, desperation, messing, FxM sex.

Callie didn’t know what she thought she was going to accomplish. She was sitting in the lobby of Long Run Entertainment, surrounded by comfortable black chairs, reflective metal tables, and pictures of television and music stars from all around the world. Her stomach was tied in knots, her skin felt a little sweaty, and she couldn’t stop tapping her toes in the heels she felt ridiculous for wearing.

A few days ago she saw an ad online for a ‘Receptionist/Assistant’ position. It didn’t say what company she would be working for at the time, but the job description sounded simple, ‘send and receive calls, organize notes and schedule.’ Usually she tried to work office jobs with actual room for growth, but the pay was at least three times higher than any job she would be able to get even with a few years experience, and this one still had ‘room for constant raises based on performance.’ Sheila talked her into taking the chance. Callie got a call back from a man with a smooth and deep voice, and after a quick google search to be sure she realized her interview was with the media mogul Doc Sam.

The empty lobby echoed with Callie’s shoe taps. The room had a low table with a cheese platter and water. She didn’t want cheese, she didn’t want to eat at all before going into an interview, but if she landed this job she was going to be the assistant to a man who produced or directed more hits than she had even had jobs, or years in her life. It made her feel silly in her black business skirt and blouse. It was Sheila’s idea, to ‘gussy’ up a little. Now she felt flirty when she was sure Doc Sam had enough beautiful women in his life, like models and pop stars, that her square ass was going to get laughed at.

Callie clutched her folder with her resume and references, and popped a few more squares of cheese into her mouth.

The main door in the room groaned open, and she looked up and saw a Black skinned man with a parted fade, a well fitting White suit with gold highlights including the tie, and white shades. He looked like he was heading to a music video.

“You must be Callie was it?” He said with an expression that only tightened Callie’s stomach further.

She nodded and stood, almost tipping on her heels. She put a hand out, and Doc Sam walked up, grabbed it like a knight, and kissed the back while looking down at her over his shades. It made her feel small, and he was definitely taller than her by some bit. It also felt a little, silly, but so cool!

“Talk about a shorty.”

Callie’s words caught in her throat. Was he looking her over? Maybe she wasn’t dressed up enough after all. Of course, this was a little unprofessional.

“Resume?” He said after letting go of her hand. The mood changed. His shades were still turned on her, but suddenly she remembered this was an interview.

She handed her resume over, and he ran a slow finger down it.

“You got your education, good on you,” Doc said.

Callie swallowed, “Thank you.”

“Course, most people do these days.” He said with a twist of his lips that dashed the small compliment, “Why’d you go for business?”

Any answer Callie would have had, leaped from the cliff of her mind and splashed across the rocks below, “I, well. When I was in advising I… uhm.”

Doc moved the resume aside, and looked directly at her.

Callie’s stomach gurgled loud enough she was afraid Doc would hear it echo in the room. It was probably the stress, or that big celebration dinner she had with Sheila the night before, but eating a bunch of cheese definitely wouldn’t help. Either way, Doc’s eyes felt like they were squeezing her bowels directly, and Callie found herself clenching up more in fear than out of any actual necessity.

He grinned, showing one gold tooth, “You wanted paper right? Be real.”

She gave a nervous chuckle, “Yeah. I mean, I thought I’d start my own business, doing… something.”

“I know that feel, real. That got me here, you know. Everybody thinks it just falls in your lap, or you have to be some kind of dopeman. I worked for this, ran this,” Doc pointed toward the walls, all the pictures, records, “You gotta do it right until it is just right, right? Always do life like a business, always.”

Callie nodded. It was actually wise, and for a minute she felt bad that she didn’t expect him to have anything wise to say. When she looked into Doc Sam, she saw a man who was in the background of hip hop music videos, with models in bikinis hanging off of him while he made it rain. But he was a businessman, a highly successful one at that.

Doc sat down in one of the lobby chairs, and Callie followed him over and sat across from him, making sure to cross her legs. The pressure the knee length skirt put on her stomach gave her a distant reminder that after this she would have to ask for a bathroom. Though to be honest she would probably go to a fast food place nearby instead of leaving anything solid at a new employer’s office.

“Before we start, got anything for me?” Doc asked before reaching in and grabbing a cube of cheese.

Callie instinctively did the same, saying, “Well…” before popping it in her mouth to get time to think.

Doc watched her chew. She started to feel red hot.

When she swallowed she thought she had something. “What do you usually look for in a receptionist?”

“Assistant,” Doc corrected, “Don’t worry ‘bout what the title said. I don’t need some girl on phones all day. That was the problem with my last girl, she was feelin’ herself too much and thought she was getting paid to have a tight ass and clean her nails.”

He left it at that, and Callie nodded. So she was here because he wanted someone productive, actually helpful, organized. She would actually be organizing and making moves for someone as big as Doc Sam. The idea made her stomach gurgle again. She tightened her rear, and shifted to make the sensation go away. Then she grabbed another cube of cheese and popped it in her mouth.

“Now, what made you still come after seeing who I was?” Doc asked, a small smile on his face. His voice was heavy and dark, and despite her attempt to focus on the interview itself, she realized she couldn’t help but feel that he was flirting a little. Maybe with a voice like his, he couldn’t help himself.

Callie leaned forward, regretted the motion, then sat back, “Well, I had to take the chance, right? I have the experience. Only thing I was afraid of was if I had the right look to work in Doc Sam’s office. I’m not exactly the pretty woman in tall heels from a music video.”

Doc let out a long deep laugh that echoed in the room. It was long enough that Callie started to laugh with him as he took off his shades and dried his eyes. Doc stood up and pointed toward the door to his office.

“Like I said, I need a real assistant, not a model.”

Callie stood and took the lead walking through the doors. She could feel Doc’s eyes on her as they walked.

“Though,” He said, “Some of you thick girls be underestimating yourselves.”

She turned bright red, was he looking at her butt as she walked? Even the idea was embarrassing. When she put the skirt on she felt like her butt was so round it could mount a shelf. Now she had an entertainer making not-so-subtle comments.

As they got into the office, Callie first noticed the beautiful design. It was a white tile floor with a black desk at the head of the room with a large painting of the city behind it. The chairs on both sides looked so soft that Callie was afraid she was going to sit down and drown in the white cushions.

Second was the smell. It smelled, well, like shit. Callie tried not to react, but she knew she stopped for a moment as the smell struck her.

“Sorry about that,” Doc said as he passed her and went behind his desk, “I was hoping Fuzz’s litter would do some work before we got back here again.”

Callie looked and realized that to the side of the room was an open top kitty litter box with a freshly covered production sitting in the center. Now she could smell the mix of deodorant with the scent.

Fuzz, a white cat with blue eyes, meowed loudly and jumped on the desk. The cat was beautiful.

“Aww,” Callie said, “A stinky little girl, aren’t you?” She said with her hand out.

The cat went to her fingers, licked at them, and then rubbed her head against her hand.

“Well look at that,” Doc said, “She likes other cats, but she hates women.”

Callie smiled and sat down. Just as she worried, the chair was so soft that while it supported her body well, it didn’t feel like she was pressed against anything. It was like being propped up in a bean bag chair.

“Okay,” Doc said, “Time to get serious. The position requires a lot of work, I mean a lot. Long hours, a ton to do, and not a lot of room for mistakes. Can you handle that?”

The fun time was over. Callie straightened up as best she could in the chair. “Well my job experience…” She started to go down her resume, listing all the different times she had difficult work to do, and when the pressure was on and she didn’t have room for mistakes.

As she was talking, her stomach gurgled again. She shifted to dismiss it once more, but this time, her stomach shifted in kind, and her skin prickled as she felt a familiar pressure at her exit. It was that signal that made you jump out of bed, or finally raise your hand in class. The final warning from her waste that it was hard, realized, and waiting to be evacuated.

Callie took a deep breath, reminded herself the interview was already underway, and clenched down.

“Okay, you have the experience, but what promises do I have that when the pressure is on, you’ll make the right move? You’ll have access to a lot of my shit, I can’t have you mess this one up baby girl.”

It was a good point. Callie nodded. “I know why you’re worried, but I have an idea of what to do in positions like this…” While it was a lie, she went on to talk about other jobs that gave her high profile missions that ended in success. It was the best she could do without working other assistant jobs.

“And how you think your schooling’ll help here?” Doc asked as he looked at her resume again.

She took the chance to try to shift harder against the chair. Her stomach gurgled and it felt like the pressure mounted. Her body wanted to be done with this, and seated on a white throne. She was squeezing hard, but it felt like bit by bit, her muscles were weakening. She could hold for now, but sweat was starting on her brow, and her thighs were squeezed tight.

For a moment she thought about asking him if they could stop for a moment. Then she looked at Doc’s serious face, thought about his previous experience with assistants worried about their looks. What would she look like taking a quick ‘powder’ break? The job would be out the window.

“Well,” Callie started. Then a loud gurgle shut her up, and she stopped to bite her lip and squeeze her lower body tight. She didn’t expect the sudden ramp in pressure, but it subsided immediately. “I think it is like you said. We have to run our life like a business. That means doing what needs to be done, taking the right risks, and getting the best profit that will help us build up and move forward. It isn’t always about that money, right? Sometimes, it is about the money that makes more money. Or in this case, the good ideas that lead to more opportunities.”

Doc looked back up at her, and nodded. “References?”

She leaned forward, letting out a sharp breath as she waited for him to lean forward and grab the paper from her. He started to read over them, but she knew there was no one on there he would know.

Then there was a ring on the phone that broke the silence in the room.

Doc frowned, “I should have you answer this,” He said with a dark chuckle before picking it up.

“Yeah? Yeah you got it. Right now? I’m busy. I said I’m busy! What you mean? Fine, okay. She more patient than you at least, hold still I’ll be there.”

He put the phone down, “Shit.” he cursed.

“Something wrong?” Callie said, with slight hope the interview would be cut short. She had given her answers, now he could let her go, and then she could just hear his answer another day.

He nodded, “Contractors. They’re working downstairs, and fucked up. I have to talk to their boss down there for a little bit. Hold tight, I’m not done with you yet.”

He stood up and headed out of the office.

“Sir,” Callie began, “Doc…”

He stopped beside her, and Callie could feel a bead of sweat slide down her face as his gaze squeezed on her gut again. This time the effect was devastating, stopping her breath as she fought the suddenly real threat of the solid mess escaping past her sordid ring.

“Stay put, got it?” He said, “You’re doing good.”

Callie swallowed, and nodded. Then Doc left the office and closed the door behind him.

She moved in her seat. With the distraction of talking gone, Callie realized exactly how bad her situation was. Her whole lower body was dedicated to keeping her surprise log in place, and without some relief soon, she was at risk of leaving Doc Sam a little present to go along with her interview.

The idea was mortifying. Unfortunately, her imagination went to work visualizing the brown rock left on his perfect white chairs, her in tears, him shouting at her to get out. Her stomach squeezed, and she could feel it moving further, feel her anus start to bloom.

Callie took rapid breaths, squeezed down, and it slipped back in. There was no better realization this was real, as Doc would put it. If it got worse, she was going to lose control of it. It wasn’t a matter of minutes, she was counting in seconds now.

It didn’t help that Fuzz’s odor made the room smell like she had already failed. She looked at the cat, who was staring at her from her perch over by the litter box.

Callie shifted back and forth, but the chair had no solid base. She was sure she could have a full mess, and the chair would give way and let everything flow without obstruction. Wonderful design betraying her current mission.

Another wave of pressure, and Callie grunted in concentration. Her rear opened once more, and as she squeezed she felt it freeze in place. But, unlike before, it didn’t slide back.

Her eyes popped wide. No matter how hard she squeezed, it was at an impasse. If she released her pressure, it was going to move forward. It was insistent, wide, painful.

Callie wasn’t even wearing full panties. The small string between her cheeks was going to do nothing to stop the mess, her skirt would be filled in mere moments if she didn’t find an out.

“No, no no,” Callie whispered. She pressed harder, thought about the job, thought about her future. Slowly, the turd retreated just far enough for her to breath.

It was now or never. She had to run to the restroom. Of course now, she wasn’t sure she would even make it. Plus, if Doc returned while she was gone, she was done. Of course, if he returned and she had shat herself, it was also over.

Callie stood, and the pressure moved again. Her stomach gurgled, and Callie knew that the fuse was lit. When her brown ring opened again, it would not close. She looked to the door, but something stopped her from moving there.

Now, with Doc’s words, with this chance to make a connection, she didn’t want to lose this. She had to make it work, she had to be here when he came back from the contractors.

Then a terrible thought entered her mind. Callie looked to the side of the room, to the litter box.

Even as she told herself hell no, she was already walking over to it, bunching up her skirt.

“This is stupid Callie, stupid, idiotic, childish. It’ll never work, oh god and it's embarrassing.”

But her panties were sliding down, and so was her mess. She stopped and clenched as she was standing beside the litter box, hoping that maybe a new success in holding would give her more options, but she felt her dark star warble and then immediately open for the brown monster.

Callie gasped, and then squatted over the litter box. Her face flushed red, and she almost closed her eyes. But as soon as she took the position she realized her bladder was ready to join in her humiliation.

Callie went to her knees, on each side of the cat box. She took deep breaths, but it was out of her hands. A tear came to her eye, and the knobbed rod of waste pushed past her cheeks. It made some length out before it stopped, too wide to get through on its own, despite being so large that it couldn’t be contained.

So Callie was going to have to push, to make her feel even worse about her situation. She pressed down, and with the added pressure she could feel the wide point start to press out, and the extreme relief spin through her body. A jet of piss splashed out and hit the sand, leaving a dark spot before the rest spilled out as a long and loud stream. Callie let out a moan of relief, and covered her face with one hand to hide from the sudden pleasure washing over her.

She pushed it far out of her mind, but as the turd escaped her cheeks, she felt a slight shudder through her body. Her bladder continued to void for a few more seconds, but Callie was already letting out long heavy breaths.

Callie pressed once more, and a small little nugget pressed out, renewing the pleasure of relief for a moment before it also fell to the sand. Then Callie stood once more. She looked in her purse, found a tissue, and wiped herself before balling it up and hiding it there again.

She looked down at her mess, and got so red she could barely see. It stuck out. There was no chance anyone thought it was the work of a cat. Well, Fuzz did have a big load right next to it, but she knew she was doomed. Callie leaned down and shifted around the litter with her fingers until the turd was covered.

The smell hit her, mixing in with Fuzz’s earlier work. Callie bit back the tears of defeat, pulled up her panties, and went back to her seat.

It was a minute before Doc returned, and the smell stopped him in place.

“Damn Fuzz,” He said, “Again?”

He walked over to the litter box, looked down, and shook his head, “I’m changing that cat’s diet.”

Callie was beet red, but tried to stay calm.

“I’m sorry beautiful,” Doc said as he went back to his desk, “This is going to take longer than I thought. I read over your references while on the elevator. I’m going to let you go today, let you get back to being you, and I’ll give you a call, okay?”

Callie nodded.

Doc walked over, took her hand, and give it another kiss, “You get on out of here.”

If it wasn’t for her heels, she would have ran. But she didn’t, instead she got in the elevator and cried.

But, he didn’t say anything. Maybe, somehow, he thought Fuzz actually did it. It was terrifying, but she might have gotten away with doing the impossible right in her prospective boss’s office.

She couldn’t sleep that night. Or the next day. The possibility of a call fought with the idea that there was no way someone like Doc Sam would hire a nobody like her anyway.

Then, her cell phone rang while she was at home eating breakfast.

“This is Doc Sam.”

“Yes?” Callie said with a gasp.

“Callie, I need you to put on that nice little outfit you had on, and come on in for your first day tomorrow. Can you do that for me?”

Callie almost screamed in his ear there on the phone, but she contained herself… better than before. “Yes, of course, yes. Thank you so much sir.”

“Don’t think about it. M’ow, Doc out.”

Callie’s eyebrow lifted. She wasn’t perfect with hip hop lingo, but she didn’t know what m’ow meant. It was almost like a cool guy meowing, which only raised more questions.

The next day, Callie showed up for work to an empty lobby again. She was thankful Doc was setting days aside as best he could for her. The idea of meeting famous people when she didn’t even know what she was doing, terrified her.

She went straight into his office, and found the same scene as before. Though at least this time, Fuzz had spared her the smell.

“There you are girl,” Doc said as he stood up, “You ready to work?”

She nodded, “Yes, thanks so much for this.”

“Don’t thank me just yet,” He said with a smile.

He lead her out to the lobby, and they went to the small desk off to the side. It was clear now, but had a computer, file cabinet, and the rest she would need.

“Go ahead and take a seat, let me run you through it.”

She smiled, “Got it.”

“Ah, wait, but first, I almost forgot a little gift for you.”

A gift? He was rich after all, was she going to get showered with gifts while she worked?

He opened the drawer on the desk, and pulled out a pair of black cat ears. They looked thick, heavier than just some ornament.

“Oh?” Callie said, feeling a sudden knot in her stomach.

Doc hit a little switch on the ears, and they suddenly twisted into position, “Had to go pick these up. You ever seen them? They read your scalp for emotions, and twist to match your mood. Go ahead and put it on.”

Callie was sweating now. “Are you sure? I mean, is this good to have on during work?”

Doc chuckled, “Go ahead, they’ll look cute on you.”

The complement helped, but it didn’t get rid of the mounting fear. It only added to the mixed sensations. It was a bad feeling to hope your boss was just a weirdo. If this was what she thought, her life was over.

She slid the ears on, and looked in the reflection of the monitor. Right away the ears flattened on the headset.

“Hey, don’t be nervous,” He said putting a hand on her shoulder, “You’ve got this.”

Butterflies erupted in her stomach. It was cool, actually cute, but not making her feel any better about the emerging situation.

“Doc,” Callie began.

“While you’ve got them on, why don’t you meow for me,” Doc said in a smooth tone, “You know, m’ow.”

Callie stiffened. He knew, that was it. There was no other way around it. She had humiliated herself, and now Doc dragged her back in here to punish her before kicking her back on the curb.

“Sir,” She suddenly gasped out, “I can explain, I was suddenly feeling ill and I didn’t want to lose-”

Doc put a finger to her mouth and she slowly fell to silence.

“Don’t worry about it,” Doc said as he leaned over her shoulder, “Don’t say a thing. I’m not mad, far from it. You’re smart, you’re going to be good at this, and you’re unique. A thick little shorty like you, doing something freaky like that, no way I’m letting you go anywhere. You’re going to be working for me for a long time girl.”

Callie’s face went full red, and as he called her a freak the tingle in her stomach started a migration South. She didn’t know what to think of it, besides being afraid.

“So,” Doc said, “Just meow.”

Callie shivered, “Meow.”

He chuckled, “You can do better than that.”

She could. She put her hands on the desk, took a deep breath, “Meeow.”

He squeezed her arm, “Good girl. Get familiar with your computer, change the login and shit. There’s one more gift in your desk. When you put that on, you’ve got the job, and everything that comes with it. Come see me in my office when you agree.”

With that, he walked back to his office, and closed the door behind him.

Callie didn’t want to look. So instead she went over the notes on the computer, looked at her connections to his schedule, saw that she could see all of his contacts and appointments. The list was massive, and she felt the ears flatten out again as she grew nervous. The ears telling her how she felt was a little silly, but at once she kind of liked it.

She got to the point that she was scared, but she had the feeling she could do this. She could do the work he wanted. The secretary work was easy, it was going to be coordinating his life that would be hard. But the money and experience meant it was worth the risk.

All she needed to know was what was in the desk.

She opened the drawer, and saw a long black furry cat tail. Callie pulled it out, and saw a switch on it. When she hit it, the cat tail twitched, and as she felt the ears move in alarm, the cat tail straightened out like a cat that was shocked. It was reacting to her emotions too.

Except Callie looked at the end that attached to her, and her ears flattened out again before the tail drooped in her hand.

Ten minutes later, Callie opened the door to Doc’s office. Her tail swished back and forth as she walked over to Doc’s desk.

“I see you want the position,” Doc said with a satisfied nod, “That’s a good girl.”

Callie didn’t want her tail to sway in satisfaction, but she could feel it do just that. With the plug end slid into her anus, thanks to the help of a little lube also in the desk, there was no way she could miss any motion the tail made. Every motion sent small thrills up her spine, gave her the odd sensation of vibration and fullness.

Callie smiled, “I looked over your notes, this is a job I can do, and well.”

Doc stood up and walked over to her side of the desk with a smile on his face, “Good. I need your skill baby girl. All this is just a bonus, remember that. I’m no pimp, you can take it all off any time.”

Her ears perked up, he wasn’t going to blackmail her? It was kind of a surprise. She could just work this great job, and not worry about being forced into some man’s weird roleplay scenario. That was wonderful!

She felt Doc’s hand on her lower back, and her ears popped back to an alert state. She didn’t even notice him move closer. He gave her long comforting scratches down her back. She was almost mad at how silly the motion was, but it was also oddly intimate, and it made her instinctively sway in place. Her tail responded in kind.

“You like that huh girl?” He said, “Callie the Calico. All black and white. I knew there was a reason Fuzz liked you.”

Callie turned red, and her ears shifted again as she took a step back.

Doc smiled, “Sorry, sorry. Look, you can go back to working. If you have any questions, let me know. I’mma have you call a few people today to get you used to it, and answer the phone if anything comes in, got it?”

She nodded, “Yes Doc. Thanks again, by the way.”

She walked back to her desk, closing the door to the lobby behind her. She could go and take out the stupid plug tail, zip her skirt up right again, and work like an adult. This whole affair was ridiculous. She wasn’t a pervert, she just needed to use the bathroom, she had an accident! How could Doc think she wanted this?

Callie sat down in a huff, and got to work. She made a few calls, did some planning and set the computer how she wanted. The whole time her ears let her know, she was a little pissed. But she wasn’t sure what she was mad about. She just knew she was in a bad mood. She stopped working for a moment, and shifted in her seat.

The trickle of excitement from earlier returned with the motion, but then the bleakness of her mindset, the idea this all couldn’t happen this way, swarmed out again. There was no way she could be a secretary and a pet.

Then she thought about Doc’s words again. More so, she thought about her response to his words. Life was a business. It meant making good decisions, and turning those into more good decisions. She had to take chances, and make risk into something wonderful.

Callie creaked open the door to Doc’s office.

He looked up, “You need something?”

She didn’t respond. Instead she tip-toed over to his desk, while Doc watched her with a raised eyebrow. Callie saddled up beside him, and after a deep breath, rubbed her cheek along his shoulder.

Doc’s eyebrows lifted in surprise.

Callie was sure now. She didn’t know what to expect, but she knew what she wanted to try.

She laid on her back, across Doc’s lap.

“Damn girl,” Doc said, “I already told you I’m busy.”

She ignored him, and wriggled in place.

Doc looked down at her, then his hand came out and touched the small bit of exposed flesh at her stomach. His warm hands rubbed up her stomach, sliding beneath her shirt as it made small circles.

“You just want a tummy rub, huh?” Doc asked.

Callie gave a small grumble of satisfaction as he gave her small rubs and scratches on her stomach. She could feel her tail swishing, her ears reacting. It felt good, it was pure attention. On a whim, she got him to drop everything to satisfy her.

He kept rubbing, and Callie closed her eyes. Her small grumbles became little groans of relief. She blushed when she realized she was kind of purring.

“Damn,” Doc whispered. She opened her eyes and realized his shades were down and his eyes were locked on hers. It wasn’t a look you gave your cat, it was a look of longing.

### Sexy time below ---

“Get up,” He commanded, and Callie stood without question. He stood as well and took her by the arm, pushed her chest first over his desk.

“Sir,” Callie gasped.

He unzipped her skirt the rest of the way, started to pull it down just enough to get it out of the way. Her panties were back at her desk.

His fingers gripped her lower lips, and her back straightened, her tail responding by arcing. His fingers slid along her private region, and she grew hotter as she realized how wet she was at his touch. There was no denying it, she was the pervert, this whole situation was getting her excited.

Doc’s finger slid over her, ran along each outer lip, ran along the inside of her thigh up to her mound.

She shivered at the touch, at the idea.

He pressed his body against her, and she could feel the bulge in his pants. It was like an animalistic warning. Her last chance to say something.

Her tail stayed arced in the air, and she shifted her butt.

Doc’s finger slid in, and Callie let out a little gasp of pleasure. He slid in, and out, more testing than ravaging. She watched the wall of the office, tried to contain the small puff of pleasure when a second finger joined in. His other hand ran over her bottom, squeezed the plump flesh.

“What a sweet little pussy,” Doc said as she could hear his pants unzip.

Callie grinned in anticipation. She could feel the heat before he made contact, then twitched as his head made contact, pressed in, sank deep. A moan escaped her lips. Between him, and the tail plug, he had her filled completely.

Doc pushed in, pressed as deep as he could before retreating, and Callie sighed with a relief she didn’t know was available. As he began his motion, her whole body was swimming with different reactions. The ears shifted between emotions, the fear, the excitement, the anticipation, the growls of aggression. He was massive, impressively so, and his hands gripped her as her lower lips gripped him.

As he drove into her, she could feel the return of that twinkle of excitement from earlier. Now it had grown into something impressive, lurking beneath the surface of the splashing waves of joy. As he pressed her hard against the desk, driving into her from behind, the waves crashed higher, and stronger. As he leaned into her and held her arms down to the desk, Callie could feel that something special threatening to breach the waves.

There was a sound bouncing in the room, and for a moment Callie thought Fuzz was making noise in reaction to their sudden intimacy. But she realized it was her, Doc’s every thrust eliciting a vibrant moan that shook her to her core, made her legs move in desperation to press back into him.

His thrusts were growing stronger now, pressing deeper, filling her more as he seemed to be expanding. She pressed back matching his rhythm, each impact slapping loudly in the office, the head of her climax peeking over the water.

Her toes curled as it released, a long gasping moan filling the room as her whole body tightened around him, tried to grip him tight to her. Her mind was filled with the beautiful moment of lust, her hands squeezing into fists.

“Damn Callie,” Doc growled. As she fell to the other side she felt him pull out, then his warm shots of seed spilling across her rear.

They both collapsed into sighs of relief. She laid there on his desk for a moment, her tail swishing in satisfaction.

It was unfortunate, but common, that after that beautiful moment she felt the need to take a quick trip to the restroom for a whizz. She got up, kicked her skirt off her feet, and started out of the office. There were no appointments today, she didn’t need to worry about walking around in the nude.

### Sexy time ends ---

“Where you going?” Doc said, almost with a hint of accusation.

“Bathroom,” She said, “gotta go, guess I can clean up too.”

Doc stood up, “I know that you’re my special cat, but still, pets don’t use toilets.”

Callie stopped and turned. Her eyes stopped at his length, growing more flaccid by the second, but then went up to his serious expression. There was a smirk, but she could tell he wasn’t kidding.

She looked over and saw a second litter box.

This job was going to be interesting.

*001*2021-05-17 01:55

Next one I only made a few small changes. Desperation story, but it is also a giantess fantasy bit. Enjoy! Much shorter than the last one, thankfully.

###

Ascending the Throne

By FUBOT

Giantess, Desperation, Wetting, Female.

“No, stop!” Gregory shouted as he approached the horrifying scene in front of him.

It was a giantess. Not a common sight, but not a welcome one either. She loomed above the treetops, tall enough to leisurely look over rooftops.

“Out of my way, little man,” She said to one of a pair of soldiers blocking the path. She lifted up her bound fist as if to squash a bug, and the men dove out of the way just in time to avoid the ground being dented where they once stood.

“Please,” Gregory said, “Stop! Madam, please.”

The giantess looked over, and then stood back to her full height.

Gregory cleared his throat, stood as erect as he could.

She was a giant all right, in more than just her height. Her clothing was a scant tarp around her nethers, and a thick leather that hung down just enough to keep some of her breasts hidden. She looked like she was in need of a bath, and her hair was braided up with skeletons that Gregory hoped weren’t human.

Still, he had a job to do.

“Madam, the land beyond this line are the dedicated fields of her majesty, the queen. Now I know you don’t mean harm…”

“You don’t know that,” Said the giantess.

Lahma, the giantess, didn’t like how uppity humans were. It was like they thought just because there were so many of them, they got to own a lot more land. It didn’t matter if they moved into some giant’s land, took their fields, they would go on and on about some leader here or there that gave them permission.

It made her tired, when it didn’t make her angry. At the moment, she didn’t have time for either. She put her hands on her hips, and hoped the little man would realize she wasn’t going to stand around all day for him.

“Well,” He said, “That said, I still cannot let you pass. The farmland here is delicate, and the crop is necessary to sustain the realm.”

“Says who?” Lahma asked, gritting her teeth.

Gregory sighed, “The queen.”

“Yeah?” Lahma said as she kneeled down to look at the little man, “Who died and left her in charge?”

Gregory looked between his fellow soldiers, “Well, that would be his majesty, the king, Cornelius the third, may he rest in peace.”

Lahma frowned, and narrowed her eyes at the little man, “I don’t like you.”

Lahma squeezed her thighs together. She had another problem to deal with, and it had nothing to do with little human men trying to get in her way. She came all this way for a reason. There was a field next to a lake up ahead. It was a beautiful little spot, with plenty of deer to snatch up and take home for dinner.

More importantly, it was a good place to deal with a personal issue.

“Don’t matter,” Lahma said as she stood again, “I’m going to the far field. Shames on you for building your dinky little fields in my path.”

She lifted her leg, and the men all pulled their pikes ready to stop her. She knew from experience, they did a number on your feet. She pulled her foot back to the ground, and tried not to visibly shift too much.

“Madam,” Gregory said, “Please, can you not just go around? The fields only go on for-”

“Lahma,” She said.

“What?”

“Lahma’s my name, not madam. And no, I can’t go around.”

This was because of all the ale she had the night before, and she knew it. Her and Golyat were out drinking, and that old oaf let her have more than her fair share. She should have planned her trip better, knowing she was going through more human territory, but she didn’t expect the urge to come on so suddenly.

She kept her thighs pressed tight, but for the moment, she was sure she could make it to the field. There she would flood the river, as the saying went, then pick up something for dinner.

If these humans would just get out of her way.

“Why?” Gregory asked.

She was snapped back to the real world by his simple question.

Gregory knew giants were stubborn, but this was just ridiculous. She came stomping through here, and risked angering the queen just for an easy travel path? That didn’t make any sense.

“What?” Lahma asked.

“Why can’t you go around?”

Did she blush? The woman was so large, and she had so much exposed skin, it was odd to think anything could put her out of sorts. Still, he was sure he saw it, for just a moment.

“Is a secret,” she snapped.

Gregory looked to his men, then took a deep breath. This was going to take some work.

“Can you just tell me?”

The giantess looked down at him, and seemed to think about it. Then she went down to one knee, the impact shaking the ground beneath them. Her hand came out, and with all of his mustered courage, Gregory stepped onto her palm.

His stomach shifted as she lifted him up. He rose so high, at first he was afraid he would be out of breath. Then she brought him up, and placed him on her shoulder.

From that distance, she didn’t look nearly as terrifying. Even if he was now sure those were human bones decorating her hairstyle. Her face had freckles of brown across the top of her cheeks, and her lips would have looked enticing, on a woman of proper size.

“Now,” Gregory shouted, “What is this secret that requires you to prance about the queen’s fields?”

“You don’t need to shout,” Lahma said, so loud at that proximity that he had to cover his ears, “I can hear you just fine from here.”

“Accepted,” He said, “But please whisper, or you’ll deafen me.”

Lahma smiled, and giggled. The motion nearly shook him free from her shoulders, but it was actually a quaint noise.

“Well,” She said in a lower voice, “It ain’t none of your men’s business, but I’ve lady business to attend to. Ain’t proper to do it here where it has nowhere to escape to. The field and river is the quickest through here.”

Gregory knew of the field, him and his promised had picnicked there once. He would have to remember to avoid it in the future.

He cleared his throat, “Oh,” He said, “Well I am sure a lady of your stature can manage to contain yourself for the journey around these fields. I know the quickest journey is the easiest but-”

“I don’t think you’re paying attention buddy,” Lahma said, a brush of red passing over her cheeks, “I may not be one of your frail human tarts, but I’m doing all I can not to drown your boys down there as we speak. All I want is to cut through, so I can do my business in peace.”

She pouted, and the mix of frustration and anger on her face made Gregory cough and turn away from her to lessen any physical reaction from himself.

“Sorry,” He said, “I didn’t realize. I’m sure we can find a solution.”

“Like letting me through,” She said, then whispered even lower, “please.”

Her whole body shifted, and Lahma wondered if he could feel the tension in her shoulders. Her whole body was squeezed tight. The longer this conversation went on, the worse it was getting.

“I know,” He said, “If you let me direct you from here, we can stay on the path, and nullify any damage to the crops.”

“That sounds like I get to walk through,” Lahma said, her face twisting up into a hopeful grin.

“Indeed.”

“He says I get to go through boys,” Lahma shouted down, “Lower your pokers, I’m coming in.”

She started walking, and the men cleared out of the way. It felt good to be moving again, but it reminded her exactly how much she had to go. As her thighs slid along each other, she found herself shortening her steps. It felt like if she went too fast, something might slip out.

“Slower,” Gregory said, “By her majesty, those are irrigation ditches on the sides of the path. Please, try to walk single file.”

She looked down and saw what he meant. On each side they had the land divided up. All sorts of equipment and ditches were on either side, with a path through that could probably only hold two or three humans side to side.

“Right,” She said, “I just… it is getting a little difficult.”

The idea of letting go was invading her mind. That unfortunate mental picture of perfect release. Sitting on the bank of an ocean, your piss fighting back the waves as it came pouring free in thick streams.

She stopped in place, a painful urge overcoming her. Her feet placed together, and she squeezed her hand into her crotch.

“Are you okay?” Gregory asked, looking around to shoo away his soldiers.

She looked at the little man on her shoulder, “Of course I’m not, I’ve gotta piss.”

He put his hands up, “Sorry, just, keep moving when you can.”

She fought off the pounding waves in her bladder, then took another cautious step. It was fine, the urge subsided. Now all she had to do was go back to avoiding the little men’s fields.

“Just a question,” Gregory said, now sitting on her shoulder, “Exactly how much do you… you know, when you do.”

It wasn’t a question she wanted to think about. Just filling in his missing words made her muscles ache. It felt like her lower half was going to explode, a pressure built up to the point that everything felt sore.

“Well,” Lahma said, “If you want any of these crops to come to harvest healthy, you will make sure I make it across.”

Gregory’s eyes grew, and he looked ahead of them frantically.

“The tower,” He said, “That marks the halfway point. You are doing great, Lahma.”

She saw what he meant. The trail widened ahead, and a tower of stone was built there to look out over the area. Likely they wanted to watch out for hobgoblins or brigands, as if that wasn’t redundant.

The tower took her back. When she lived in the high mountains, there was a city there for giant folk. Large enclosures, buffet tables and beds made for her kind to use. There was even a large watered bowl set up in a closet. They called it the throne, on a lark. She remembered seating herself there, and enjoying the beautiful trickling sound as her piss swirled down the pipe in the middle.

The urge struck again, so hard that she had to stop mid step. She bent over at the waist, her hands digging in between her thighs to do whatever she could to hold back the tide.

“Come on Lahma,” Gregory said in her ear, “You are a strong woman, you can do this. For both our sakes.”

She was weakening, and she knew it. A warm jet hit her fingers, and she gasped in panic. She fell to her knees, digging her heel into her crotch as she fought back as best she could. She was already wetting herself, this couldn’t get much worse.

Lahma felt a strange tickle down her back, as Gregory made his way from her bent position to the ground.

“I’ll clear the path ahead,” He shouted as he ran from her, “Be strong!”

She wasn’t strong, she pulled her fingers from her groin and saw they were slightly moist. She had leaked, even if just a little. There was no doubt about it. Which meant she didn’t have the time to make the second half.

She looked back at the tower, and thought again of the throne.

Lifting herself up, Lahma took the few steps to the human tower, and saw that it wasn’t all that different from the throne. A little thicker in the middle, but there was a drain there at the top, and the lip would help it all go down.

Another wave made her squeeze her thighs together, and she made her choice. Lahma turned around, and planted her rear on top of the tower. It groaned a little with the impact, but she was sure it would hold. Humans were at least good for their sturdy buildings.

Inside, Gregory was cursing to himself as he made his way up the stairwell of the tower. He could hear his men screaming and running around, but there wasn’t much to tell them. He was facing a situation he had never faced before.

A young man named Christopher ran into him on his way down, “Captain, there is a giant fanny on the roof!”

Gregory put his hand on the boy’s shoulder, “Son, lock every window and door on your way down. Then get out.”

The boy took a breath, “Yes sir.”

Gregory climbed to the roof, and opened the hatch to be greeted by a pair of gigantic pussy lips nestled between an enormous ass.

He cleared his throat, “Lahma! Don’t do this!”

Near her massive lower lips more light peeked into the space, and Gregory ran over there. Looking up to see Lahma’s contorted face.

“Oh,” She said, “Hey there, what was your name again little man?”

“Captain Gregory,” He said, “Of her majesty’s army. Lahma, you will not relieve yourself in this tower. We have stored seeds and tools in here, you said you were going to the far side.”

Lahma squeezed herself so hard it hurt. Her hand mostly blocked out the view of Gregory, but she could still hear him, just barely. His words made her want to rethink her idea, but she knew something he couldn’t realize without being in her position. It was too late, now that she was seated there and ready to go. There was no way she would make it anywhere further than a few paces.

“I wish,” She said, “This spot will have to do.”

“Lahma,” Gregory shouted, “You said it yourself. You aren’t some frail human tart, you are a giantess. Surely you can make it to the field. You’re a large and, if I may say so, beautiful woman. Don’t do this.”

It wasn’t every day that a little human man complimented you, especially not while you were trying your hardest not to wet yourself like some newborn. She didn’t want to ruin their seeds, especially after Gregory had let her through without too much of a fight. It was going back on her word, and giants didn’t go back on their word (without proper incentive).

Then she felt a hot burst of moisture, and heard the patter against the top of the tower. A shiver went up her spine, she was reaching her limit.

“I can’t hold it,” Lahma whispered, “Shit, you’re just cute enough that I wish I could.”

“Let me think of a plan,” Gregory shouted, “Please. Just give me a little time.”

Lahma looked down, “A plan like what?”

Gregory looked around, “A… giant nappy?”

The pressure was becoming too much, and Lahma felt a strange chill as a longer burst struck the top of the tower like a burst pipe releasing its load.

“Shit,” Lahma whispered as she tried to stop the flow, “Shit, shit.”

It finally subsided, but now there was a patter, she was leaking drips.

“Gregory,” Lahma shouted, “You should run.”

Gregory cursed, and then ran for the door. He made it to the steps, before he heard a roaring sound above him. It turned to the sound of a tide.

On the roof, Lahma’s whole body quivered as the torrent left her. It was a relief like she had never felt before. Every muscle in her body relaxed, and she let out a sigh that echoed across the fields. She could hear the sound of her piss hitting the tower, ripping at the stones, crashing down the stairs. It was almost arousing. The whole thing made her red in the face, and she wrapped her arms around herself as she let all the stress wash away with whatever was in the human tower.

There was the distant sound of screaming inside, and men were fleeing around her feet. The flow reduced down to a trickle, then to the occasional drip.

Then, she was dry. Finally, she felt like a normal giant, and not a giant ball of water and ale. She felt too exhausted to even stand.

There was a touch between her legs, something small prodding her sensitive lips in a way that made her bite her lip before she thought to open her legs.

“Gregory?” She said looking down. There was the little man, with a large pole reaching out to her.

“Sorry,” He said, “I had to get your attention.”

She smiled at him, “Well that is definitely one way. Sorry I couldn’t make it, but hey, I didn’t destroy your crops.”

“No, you didn’t,” He said, his eyes seeming a little distracted, “Plus, I can at least call this a unique experience.”

She reached down and picked him up, lifting him up to her shoulder. His armor and leathers were soaked through, but he didn’t seem too bad off.

“Liked the view, eh?” She said with a smirk, “You wouldn’t be the first, though usually I’m putting stuff in instead of letting stuff out.”

Gregory sputtered. But she could see the red in his cheeks.

Lahma bursted out laughing, “I might have to come visit you little boys again.”

*003*2021-05-17 16:59

{{10 hours ago, venus 2 said:

OMG I'm so glad to see more giantess desperation, it’s way too rare

}}

It isn't my usual. That story was a request that someone had so I took a crack at it. Unfortunately the only other story I have with a size difference, the desperate one is a dragon (another request).

*004*2021-05-21 05:33

This next story is probably the oddest request that I took in the past. It is Omorashi, but with a dragon. So fair warning that it may not be for everyone. We have generic fantasy, size differences, and a dragon sized bladder. So there you go.

###

The Inexorable Tide of Volstrath

By FUBOT

Dragon, Female, Desperation, Wetting, Fantasy

She stirred from her slumber. The endless cavern before her glittered with the reflection of distant light. Her eyes focused, watching for the slightest disturbance.

Volstrath wasn’t oblivious to the dangers of owning a hoard as vast as hers. Idiotic adventurers weren’t uncommon, and vengeful peasants were a monthly affair. She stretched her wings to their full span, dark red canopies that rustled the top layer of gold coins and sent them trickling down the dunes of treasure.

She was proud of her form, scale and mass, claws and maw. She was impenetrable. Among her wingmates, she was strongest. The nearby humans whispered her name in fear, and told legends of her while she hibernated. She was without weakness.

Her wings collapsed again, and she went to close her eyes. Then she felt a weight within her. She didn’t wake up to some noise, or an imagined intruder. It was a trivial thing, even worse by all means. It was the natural call of her body. So rare, that it almost felt foreign. She shifted in place, asking herself if she could settle again and handle the matter next week.

A stab ran through her bladder, a blow like she hadn’t felt in decades. Her claws dug into the coins beneath her, and her teeth were bared to the distant lantern light.

This meant she needed to go to the lake, which was several minutes flight. It also meant leaving her lair in the middle of an amazing rest.

She stood to her full height, the gold stirred once more, pouring down in waves as it fell from her hind legs and tail.

Then she heard it, a gasp. It was a human gasp. Her nostrils flared, and twin spouts of flame briefly lit the dimly lit space. A flash in the dark, a man in bright garb. It wasn’t uncommon among human thieves, charlatans, and minstrels. Why they thought themselves manipulative and sneaky, yet dressed bright enough to be seen from across the countryside, was beyond Volstrath’s attention.

“I can see you, human.” She growled.

There was the chime of scattering coins. She hoped she didn’t have a runner. It was so pointless to run from her. She could roast the whole room in one breath, and her gold was as good to her as coinage, solid, or wet with human blood. She just preferred to keep her living space neat, and rotting human stuck around for months.

“I can hear you too,” She said as she lowered her head, peering into the dark.

“I don’t doubt it,” The human shouted, “mighty Volstrath.”

She snorted again, and there he was right before her. It seemed he had found a place stable enough to stand. He was small, though maybe not for mankind. A knife glinted at his hip, and a large bag was on his back. She could smell the fear on him, his body slathered in sweat.

She didn’t have time for this. Not today, at least. She amused the nearby villagers, and it seemed the knew this. About half of them made it back home intact, just never with her treasure or her head. As if they could manage to touch either.

“Why do you bother me?” She said as she tried to settle her body for the moment. He was beneath her, but now he was taking up time that was important to her. If she wanted to make it to the lake, she needed to leave soon.

“I know, mighty Volstrath, that your treasure and your caverns are your own,” He began, “But I come asking for something that would cost you neither.”

Her body went stiff for a moment, and she felt her bladder tighten. Her flight time was shortening with every word this bumbling fool spoke. She was starting to feel agitated.

She hadn’t relieved herself in her own caves since she was a youngling. She knew the stench, and the shame. It was living among your own filth, a practice she reserved for brainless animals and humans. She would rather pour her desperation over the rooftops of a human city and awaken an army than create even the smallest puddle in her own lair.

“Speak!” She snapped, her mouth closing in a crunch that sent the man rolling over backwards.

Why was she listening to this at all? This was why her wingmates kept kobolds. Sure they kept you up with their chanting and tinkering, but at least they kept out the riff-raff.

He struggled to stand, “I am Martin, or I am called Martin. I guess that isn’t important though. What is important is that I mean you no harm, and I don’t wish to cause any trouble for you. Mighty Volstrath, I come with no ill intentions.”

Her thoughts were focused elsewhere, her muscles squeezed to keep hold of a flow that could end lesser beings. It was hard to even hear him, let alone care what he was saying.

She roared, an accidental jet of flame flying past his head as she spoke. “As if you could manage, pest. I am the ender of dynasties, I have brought heroes to ruin, and laid low civilizations you’ve never heard of. The only harm you cause me is the sound of your voice.”

Her claws flashed in the light as she dug up chunks of dirt. Her tail whipped in the darkness, crashing against a tall hill of gold. Her whole body ached, and she demanded relief. But now was not the time, she couldn’t betray her desperation or weakness, not in front of something so low.

He bowed, “Yes, of course Volstrath. Your strength could sunder mountains, and your beauty shames queens.”

A quiver travelled down Volstreath’s body, and she knew she was running out of time. But something made her stay, and hear exactly what this human thought he had to offer.

“I wish to ask, not for your wealth, but for your favor.”

Her eyes narrowed on him, and she had the urge to eat him then and there to be done with it.

“What?”

He pulled down his bag, and reached into the sack as he continued to speak. All sorts of objects came out, small wooden boxes, and rolls of paper.

“My people, and you may know them from the mountains below, have suffered at the hands of our neighbors while you have slumbered. These last 2 years have been terrible, with the king across the pass taxing us, overworking us, and even sending men to kill us in the night.”

She didn’t care to know how the local humans subdivided their kingdom. She was feeling the full force of her 2 years of slumber at the moment, pressing hard against her most delicate of holes. If she didn’t do something soon, the problem was going to make its way into the real world.

“You wish me to help in your petty wars?” Volstrath began, her words cutting short as small waves of pressure struck her, “I have taken naps that last longer than your wars, and I will outlive any who could owe me a favor. Why would I grant you anything?”

He pulled out a small wooden instrument, a lute. He strummed it, and Volstrath pressed her head down to the ground in response to the disturbing noise.

“The king to the West, he wants to end you as well, mighty Volstrath,” The man said as he strummed again and cleared his throat, “But we won’t let him, because we are yours.”

Hers? The thought was interesting, if she could think clearly on it. Villages of humans were quick to betrayal, but she did need a new hobby when she woke up in earnest.

Her tail went straight, and she felt herself open for brief enough that a jet struck the coins behind her.

“What was that?” Martin asked as he looked around in confusion.

No one praised a dragon that cannot hold her bladder.

“Mine?” She said to distract him, and more so to distract herself. Maybe now, with that little bit of volume lost, she could wait through his inane proposition.

“Oh,” He said as he strummed again, “Yes, Queen Volstrath, our lady in the mountain.”

He was becoming sing-songy, and she didn’t know if that made things better or worse. She knew it meant he was planning on taking his time. She was doing all she could not to growl at him as the pressure mounted inside her.

“The massive red queen, with the impenetrable hide,” He sang, “Where no weakness is seen, on her front or her side. She breathes flames over foes of her land and her kin, we serve her above all, and protect her great den!”

Another jet escaped, followed by a slower flow, and as hard as she held, she couldn’t stop the flow immediately. She could smell it now, and worst of all she knew he could hear it. There was no way now she would make it to the damned lake, she would be lucky if she could get to the cliffside outside.

“Volstrath? I mean, might Volstrath, are you okay?” Martin asked, lute out.

There was a look of actual concern on his face, but she had no time to think on it.

“Of course,” She rumbled, but she worried that even a human could read her lack of confidence. Her body was bound up, her back arched, her wings held close.

“Of course,” He repeated, “But what did you think of my song? What do you think of helping us? We protect you, sing your praises, even build you a great lair. You can do-”

She couldn’t hold it back anymore. Years of buildup, drained lakes, swallowed rivers, demanded release back into the world.

“Move you fool!” She said as she swatted Martin and thrashed forward through the cave.

Now she was leaking, and sure of it. A flow she kept as small as she could, but drained across the priceless treasures like a hose.

Martin landed on the gold and looked up to see the growing stream of golden liquid that followed her as she fled. Never before had he seen a dragon move with such ungainly motions. Her body seeming to betray her.

She got as far as she could, but she felt the first burst. A splash that was audible like a wave crashing against a shore. Then she let instinct take over. She swung in a circle, her claws and tail creating a bowl slightly smaller than her own girth. The gold coins and treasures were flung everywhere in a loud clattering, and then the vacated space made the hoard begin to slide down into the dug pit, taking Martin with it.

He clung at the sliding gold, trying his hardest to avoid the avalanche of gold, and more so the fate of everything that reached the bottom.

Volstrath held as long as she could, but she straddled the pit, a small lake in itself, and knew that not even she could stop what came next. A torrent, was already spilling forth, and no man or beast could stymy the flow.

Her body stiffened, and then relaxed, and she couldn’t hold back the long groan of relief as she let spill waves into the bowl.

A cry made her stop, and for a brief moment she held back. She looked between her legs, and saw that holding at the edge of the pit, at risk of joining the shameful mess she was creating, was the herald Martin. But no sooner than she realized, did the flow return. Dark gold waves that crashed against their container, pouring forth like a geyser tilted to the earth.

Her body trembled as she emptied herself, her muscles thankful to finally relax. It was monumental, a pleasure unlike any she had felt since any living man walked the planet.

Martin, on the other hand, was in terror. Volstrath’s barrage of urine, which he hoped wasn’t a sign of her displeasure with him, had swallowed him up and now span him in the makeshift trap hole she had dug. He was swirled against the edge, and realized with horror that it was deep enough that he could be pulled down and drowned by the created eddie.

He grabbed for whatever he called, gilded swords stuck in the ground, chests of gold and silver, a bag stuffed to bursting with glowing stones. Each couldn’t hold in his fingers, and he was thrust deep into the putrid liquid. It was like a baptism in filth, pulling him to the bottom, soaking into his everything.

Then the liquid settled, and Martin struggled to the surface before his body fought for breath. Before he made the surface, he gasped for air, and took in a mouthful of the dragon’s foul excrement.

He latched onto the shore, gagging and spittling as he pulled himself to safety.

Martin rolled over, his mind fading, the fumes from the heat of Volstrath’s waves making him delirious.

All he could see was a pink circle, like an eye, winking at him as if transmitting a message. It looked deep, and even from his beached location he could feel a delightful heat wafting down from it. It slowly closed, the message over for now, the delightful whispers halted.

Volstrath’s shame returned as she remembered the herald. Had he survived? She was unable to stop herself, like a hatchling. If the man was ended, no matter how low a thing he was, it was because of her own lack of strength. It made her feel odd, a strange pressure in her chest that she was at once alarming, damning, and enticing.

She turned a circle over her pit of child-like failure, the heat and stench offending her nose. Then she saw him, on one side, his lower half still dipped in her urine. He had the widest smile spread across his face.

She picked him up in her teeth, and dragged him back deeper into the caves. She didn’t know what she was going to do. If she let him go, he would tell them all about her weakness. Would they attack her when she needed relief? Would they wait until she had drank her full, and her time came again? She would be ruined, and need to move to a new cavern. Above all else, he had seen her personally, wailing in weakness, practically cowering like some human child.

But if she ate him, they would just send another to ask her the same, to reiterate their little proposal. Could she even get rid of the proof of her shame in time?

She dropped him, and he seemed to stir. He was alive. Something about him made her want to keep him alive, something born in the moment. The choice made her throat hot. She put her head down over her claws, mouth not far from the drying human.

Within the hour, he sat up, “I have seen it!”

Volstrath’s eyes opened, and she focused on him.

“You have seen what?”

He scrambled to his feet, seemingly oblivious to the fact that he was still soden with her failure.

“A beautiful thing, like the doorway to the heavens,” He began, his words too loud even for the size difference between them, “Surrounded in pink, it looked at me, I looked on it directly, a thing no man should see and live to tell about. It spoke to me, I saw it gasp at the air.”

At first Volstrath ignored his words, then she thought about his description. She felt a heat burn in her chest as she realized he was describing her, or at the least her opening. Had he looked upon her? It must have been while she was… vacating. A burst of flame enveloped her teeth, he had seen it all first hand, as she let slip free what no grown dragon should. Even worse, among humans, weren’t such places kept private, hidden, did he think he was gazing into sordid places?

Somehow, even him thinking so made her feel dirtier.

“What did you see?” She asked, her mouth opening slightly, ready to do what she must to protect her reputation.

“The eye of a goddess,” He said with arms out wide, “Your divine eye, telling me the truth I should have known. You are no mere dragon, lady Volstrath, you are divine!”

Her mouth clamped closed. She didn’t know whether to laugh, cry out, or just kill him. Her eyes closed, and she let out a snort that singed the air around him.

“It was glorious,” He said, “Miraculous. Thank you for showing me what no man has ever seen. Beautiful Volstrath, powerful Volstrath.”

Volstrath opened her eyes, “Yes. I have, in my divine wisdom, decided to protect your little village.”

“Thank you,” He said as he bowed.

“Your people will be mine, your hills will serve as my pantry, and your lakes as my… jugs.”

Martin bowed deeper, “Yes Volstrath of the pink eye, thank you.”

A chuckle shook the chamber as she looked down on the fool.

“But you,” She said, “You I will keep. You will worship the eye, directly.”

