Jane's dilemma

Author: owlman

*000*2016-05-09 12:22

It was a hot summers day and Jane had been working at the stables for a few weeks now, the owner was a middle aged man who had an eye for the younger women, especially ones in riding gear, non of the girl's who he employed was over 25 and non had a boyfriend.

The day had started just like any other, the girls had arrived at the stables at 7. 30, sat down to breakfast and by 8 am were getting on with the day to day running of the riding school, mucking out tacking up and generally doing what needed to be done. Jane was sent for and taken into a quiet room right at the back of the premises, it was in an area she, d never been to before and was deserted. She was led into a small shed and told to stay there, the owner wanted to see her about something and she was to wait there until he arrived. As the door closed she heard a lock snap and realised that she was locked in!

It was quite hot in the shed and after a couple of hours she was very thirsty, she opened a cupboard and found it was full of cans of pop and packets of biscuits, she opened a can and drank it in no time at all. By mid afternoon she was still locked in and despite shouting several times no one had arrived to release her, she sat down and looked around, there was nothing else in the room except for the chair and the cupboard, on top of which now stood 4 empty pop cans and several biscuit wrappers. It wasn't long before she felt a familiar feeling and realised that she needed to empty her bladder, she tried to put the thought out of her mind but eventually the urge got too strong and no matter how much she bounced up and down or clenched her thigh's the feeling wasn't going to go away, there was nothing else for it she needed to relieve herself and quickly, as if to highlight the urgency a small spurt of piss shot into her panties.

Frantically she banged on the door, nothing, she shouted, again nothing, by now she was sweating with panic, there would no doubt be something said if she relieved herself on the floor, a longer spurt shot into her panties, this time a small wet spot was visible on the crotch of her tight white jodhpurs!Jane quickly removed her long rubber riding boots and lowered her jodhpurs and panties, she crouched over one of her boots and began to piss into it, after what seemed like an age she stopped and pulled up her panties and jods, there was nothing else for it and she reluctantly stepped back into her boots. time marched on and just as she was begining to think how clever she'd been in finding a solution to her toilet problem (after all she'd not wet herself or the floor and her rubber boots could easily be washed out and would be dry by morning).

When her stomach began to rumble, after several minutes she let out a loud fart, phew! only wind she thought to herself, unfortunately it wasn't only wind and shortly after the cramps were telling her that a bowel movement was imminent! She held on desperately, fighting the increasing pressure and urgency of her bowels to empty, eventually it came to the point where she didn't think she could hold it any longer, she stood up and began to pace up and down, again she banged and shouted but again no answer, she could feel a large log begin to force it's way out, and at the last minute she managed to regain control and by clenching her muscles get it to slide back inside. This happened several times and if she was honest she was begining to find the feeling rather arousing, she'd never had anal sex but the felling of the large firm log sliding in and out of her anus was strangely erotic!

Perhaps it was the feeling of arousal, perhaps it was her misplaced sense of control, or perhaps it was simply that as it slid in and out it alleviated the pressure on her bowels. She began to actively use her muscles to push it in and out, each time she'd push it that little bit further, she placed one hand on her shapely rear and she could feel it's firmness as it just made contact with the seat of her panties, then disappeared back inside her, by now she was really aroused, almost to the point of orgasm. Just one last push , she thought, one nice long one, it was a push too far!

Almost at the very instant that Jane had a panty wetting orgasm the log she'd been sliding in and out of her bottom took on a life of it's own and forced it's way into her panties, she could feel the firm bulge through her jodhpurs but no matter how she tried it just kept coming out. After what seemed an age it stopped and running her hand across the rear of her jodhpurs she realised that where only minutes earlier the jodhpurs had hugged the crack of her shapely rear there was now a very firm and very obvious bulge, Jane had shit her panties!

She heard footsteps approaching and instinctively backed toward the shed wall furthest from the door, it opened and in walked her boss, he noticed the empty packets and cans on the cupboard and smiled to himself, there was nothing out of the ordinary and the floor was cleaan and dry, he smiled again and gave a dity little laugh.

"Well Jane. it would appear I forgot about you, not only that but you were accidentally locked in" she nodded, "yes I shouted but nobody heard me", again he chuckled "yes it's a bit out of the way isn't it? Still it's perfect for special meetings". He opened the cupboard, took out a can and after opening it handed it to Jane, when she'd drunk it he placed it with the others, "well, well, well, six cans eh, normally after 4 I, d be busting for a piss, you must be cross legged" Jane stood with her back facing the wall and never moved, "only you're not are you?" she shook her head, "which means only one thing" he stared hard at Janes jodhpurs, she could feel his eyes burning into her, they wandered from her crotch to her feet and back up again.

He sat in the chair and beckoned her over to him, she strode towards him and stopped just 2 feet from the chair, "turn around" she paused for a moment "TURN AROUND" she turned away from him and to her horror felt his hand on the rear of her jodhpurs, he patted the bulge then laughed "well it's not in there is it, but we'll come back to that in a moment" She turned back to face him and blushed, he reached forward and took hold of one of her legs, he removed her boot, shook it and placed it on the floor, she cringed slightly as he took hold of her other leg, there was a sloshing sound and after pulling the boot from her foot he tipped it upside down, almost 2 pints of urine spattered onto the floor, he dropped the boot into the puddle and laughed.

As Jane stood there he reached out and grabbed the waistband of her jodhpurs, he lowered the zip then just as he was about to unfasten the button he paused, "no, I think it would be better if you did the rest" Fearfull of what might happen she fumbled nervously before unfastening the tight jodhpurs, "very sexy" he said as, with the button now undone the front of the jodhpurs splayed open to reveal a pair of silky white panties, he took hold of the jodhpurs and carefully eased them down to her knees, being particularly careful not to lower her panties in the process, he spun her around and seeing the bulge in the rear let out a low whistle, "well what have we here then?" and with that he patted the bulge in her panties.

He turned her to face him, "so we've pissed in our boots and shit our pants have we?" she nodded and felt her face redden "yes, I couldn't hold on any longer, I thought I'd get away with having a wee in my boot but then the other just slipped out" she replied in a murmur.

"How old are you Jane?" he asked "19" she replied, "I see, 19 years old and you still use your pants as a toilet" he nodded "what do you think the others would say if they saw you like that?" before she could answer he stood up and headed for the door, "where are you going?" she asked nervously, "to fetch them. I think they'd find this highly amusing" he laughed, "please don't" she whimpered. he stepped back from the door "get dressed and come with me" she fastened her jodhpurs and pulled on her boots, he opened the door and headed towards the barn, Jane hurried to catch him up.

They entered the barn and he sat down on a bale of hay, Jane stood in front of him not knowing what to do next, finally after several minutes he spoke, "right the deal is I punish you for what you've done and you help me tomorrow night at a private party, the matter is then closed" Jane nodded "ok I guess we'll have to do it your way, but what if anyone comes in during the punishment?" he looked at her for a moment, "they won't I've given everyone the afternoon off, it's just me and you"

Jane stood there and squirmed slightly, the large jug of iced water he'd made her drink now wanted to leave her body with some urgency. "need a piss?" he laughed as he watched her squirming, she nodded, "well don't let me stop you" he smirked . Jane made a move for the exit, "NO" he said in a harsh voice that stopped her in her tracks "do it here". She paused for a second before realising what he meant, she walked back to where he sat and slowly removed her boots before lowering her jodhpurs. She was just about to lower her panties when it dawned on her that if she did, she'd lose the firm load that was nestled within. She picked up one of her boots and held it between her legs and there was a load hissing noise as she pissed into it through her panties, when she had finished she replaced her jodhpurs and boots, the man smiled as her foot squelched into the piss filled rubber boot.

"That's better isn't it?" Jane nodded, "good now come here and sit down" he said patting his knee, he folded one leg in slightly leaving one knee for her to sit on, she straddled his leg and sat facing him, she could feel the load in her panty's squash against her rear. "now ride my leg, like you would a horse" she began to bounce up and down slightly on his knee, she could feel the mess in her pants getting more squashed with every bounce, "harder, faster, imagine you're galloping" he commanded, she bounced harder and harder, and soon the rear of her white jodhpurs was stained brown, despite the mess, the pounding of his knee against Jane's crotch was begining to turn her on.

"enough" he said and pushed her to the floor, she clambered hurriedly to her feet and one hand went instinctively to her behind, she could feel the soggy mess clingling to her jodhpurs. "bend over the bale" he said, producing a riding crop as if from nowhere, she complied and he laid six firm strokes of the crop into her rear, she winced slightly as the crop bit in for the first time and a squirt of urine escaped into her panties, by the time all six strokes had been received she'd wet herself fully and the front of her jods were almost transparent.

He took her to the wash area and told her to clean herself up, she removed her boots, jods and panties and began to wash herself with the cold water, he took hold of her and removed her top and bra, she shivered slightly with the cold and her nipples stuck out from her pert breasts, when she was clean he told her to stay the night in the caravan that was used by the staff to eat or change.

The following day the yard was closed as normal and it was mid morning when she awoke, she lay there in the sleeping bag, she'd no clothes and was wondering what to do next when the door opened, in walked the owner carrying a bag and a box which he placed on the table "get dressed and come up to the house"he said, and with that he was gone.

Jane slipped out of the sleeping bag and picked up the bag off the table, inside she found a white spandex leotard and some white jodhpurs, she pulled the leotard on, it was slightly too small and fitted like a second skin, her nipples poked through the taught fabric across her chest, the jodhpurs too were a size smaller than she usually wore and they too were incredibly tight, finally she opened the box and inside were a pair of long black leather ridingboots, they fortunately were the right size end encased her legs perfectly.

She looked at herself in the mirror, brushed her her and headed up to the house, once inside she was given a cooked breakfast and a glass of fruit juice. The two of them chatted pleasantly and then he asked her to help him set up the barn ready for the party later that afternoon. They laid several hay bales side by side to form a long table and several others just behind them to form a long bench, they laid various plates of food on top of the "table" and set up a barrel of beer alongside it.

It was hot thirsty work and over the afternoon Jane had drunk quite a lot of water and by teatime was in desperate need of the loo, she mentioned this to her boss and to her suprise he told her to pop over to the house and use the bathroom there, it was only when she arrived that she realised that to use the toilet meant she had to remove the suit from the top of her body as well as lowering her jodhpurs, this was to prove embarrasing later that evening.

By 7 pm the first of the guests had arrived and they were sat in the barn eating and drinking, by 8 pm they'd all arrived and there were now around 6 of his male friends not only eating but drinking quite happily, she had been invited to join in and was just begining to enjoy the evening when her boss stood up and made the announcement, that Jane was going to put on a show for them that evening, she wondered what he meant by a "show" the men cheered and one of them gave her behind a firm squeeze as she passed him, another groped her breasts as she handed him a drink.

She was just about to head off to the toilet when the boss stopped her and asked where she was going "to the loo"she replied, he shook his head, "oh no", he spoke to the group of men "lads, Jane here is about to perform one of her little tricks for you" and with that he made her step up onto the bales of hay, she stood there wondering what "trick" he expected her to perform, she didn't have to wait long to find out.

"The other day Jane was accidentally locked in the office for several hours, she had quite a bit to drink and yet despite needing a piss never wet the office floor, would you like to see how she did it?" Jane could feel herself blushing and realised that she was now very desperate to use the toilet, "YES, YES, YES" cheered the group of men, "show them Jane" her boss said with a smile. She stood there with her thighs clenched together and squirmed slightly, then slowly she removed her boots, the men whistled as she began to unfasten the tight jodhpurs and there was a loud cheer as she took them off, it was at this point that the horror of the situation hit Jane fully.

The next part of the procedure meant her removing the leotard and being completely naked in front of a group of drunken leering strangers, she thought for a minute, then picked up one of the leather boots and squatted over it, there was a cheer from the men as she relieved herself into the boot through the crotch of the leotard, when she'd finished she quickly pulled the jodhpurs back on, there were several whistles as the damp crotch disappeared as she fastened the zip.

She pushed her foot back into the piss filled boot and as she reached for the other a man reached forward and grabbed it, he quickly unzipped his pants and began to relieve himself into her boot, when he'd finished several others did the same and by the time it was handed back to her it was half full of hot smelly urine, it splashed over the top as she slid her foot back in and the men laughed and cheered, she stepped down from the bales and sat back down, the man beside her thrust his hand into her crotch and made a lewd comment about what he'd like to do to her in her pissy pants.

The next hour or so passed fairly uneventfully, one of the men came over and without saying a word pulled of one of her boots, he took a long piss into it then calmly slid it back onto her foot, she grimaced slightly as she felt the hot wetness on her foot, the man laughed and returned to his seat. She got up once again and headed for the door, this time there was a pressing urge of a different kind that needed attending to, she'd not been to the toilet all day and considering what she had eaten, now seemed like a very good time indeed, unfortunately it wasnt to be.

Once again she was made to stand on the hay bales and once again there were cheers and crude comments from the men, there was no pleasure to be had this time, no sliding a firm log in and out 'till she climaxed, she just wanted to get it over with. She turned her back on the leering group of men and closed her eyes, she gave a gentle push and the firm load began its unstoppable descent into the rear of her tight white jodhpurs, it was a larger load than the previous day, larger and firmer. The first of it emerged like a solid rod and caused the jodhpurs to tent out massively, "bloody hell" shouted one of the men "she's taking a shit in her pants".

She continued to push and when the material could stretch no further it began to coil up and settle in the seat of the jodhpurs, when she finally finished there was a very large bulge and they sagged down slightly, realising she had lost all of her dignity she turned to face the men and blushing slightly allowed the contents of her bladder to drain down her thighs, some splattered noisily onto the hay, but most ran into her boots!There was a clamour of groping hands as she stepped down, suddenly the owner shouted "nobody touch her" the hands dropped away.

She was just begining to think her ordeal was over when the man spoke again, "gentlemen I'd like you all to join in in the finale of our evening" he produced a chair and placed it on top of one of the bales and sat on it, extending one knee forward he motioned to Jane to "ride his leg, she did this for about a minute and felt the load squash into her jodhpurs, one by one he invited the other men to sit it the chair and to her embarassment Jane was made to "ride"each of them.

When she'd finished the brown stain extended from the wasteband at the back all around her crotch and right up the front.

As a final indignity, one of the men removed her boots and emptied them down the front of her jodhpurs before pulling them off completely. Laughing and jeering one of the other men replaced her boots before she was dragged to the wash bay and a cold hose was used to clean her down, the leotard was torn from her body and she stood shivering, naked except for the long wet leather boots. At this point Jane wished she'd just let him tell the other girl's what had happened when she'd been locked in the shed, still a deal was a deal she reminded herself as she squelched her way back to the caravan.

THE END

