Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 2

Author: Poowrite

*026*2015-05-30 03:33

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Full / Mostly Empty

You linger on the door for a moment longer, then ultimately force yourself to ignore the pressure building in your bladder. ”It can wait a bit...” you decide, though the thought of squatting and making a puddle in the shadows of some narrow alley doesn't exactly appeal to you. Hopefully, you'll be able to hold it until you reach Temple Dawn.

You approach the priests as they finish up with the pregnant woman. They are dressed the same as Roland, their broad shoulders, chiseled features, and heavy looking maces indicating that they are part of the Priesthood's warrior sect. They regard you passively as you approach.

“Uh, praise the sun!” you greet the duo. They exchange a look, as if trying to decide whether you are mocking them or not. “I'm Calista Dupray. Roland told me I should speak with Brother Elias, to see if there was anything I could do to help with... whatever is going on.”

“He's in the back,” on of the men says, indicating a table in the back of the room. You look in that direction and see a scrawny man sitting at the table, pouring over a stack of papers and open books. Unlike the other priests, he wears a robe and you don't see any indication that he might be wearing armor underneath. You don't notice a weapon either, though that might just be because he is sitting down and the table conceals it. He has a fair complexion, and golden hair. He acknowledges you as you approach with a quick nod. His eyes barely leave the paper he is studying. After introducing yourself, you ask if there is anything you can do to help.

“Well, so long as that sword is for more than just show, you can help my Brothers protect these people.” He frowns, and looks down at a sheet of paper spread out across the table. You recognize it as a map, and assume that it is a map of the city. Brother Elias has made marks on the sheet, it looks to you like it might be a route through the city.

“I can fight,” you respond. “It'd be nice to know what I'd be fighting against, though. What, exactly is going on?”

“The dead have grown jealous of our life, and have risen up to take it,” he responds without looking up from his map.

“Undead?” Was that what you had sensed earlier? The necromancer raising the dead? It would have to be a powerful necromancer to create the kind of power that you sensed. Or maybe a group of them.

“Yes, I am afraid so. Did you know how many crypts and bone-yards lie between here and Temple Dawn? There is simply no way to avoid them all.” He leans back, looking away from his map with a frown. “It will be a dangerous trip, I'm afraid. If only we had been able to find the necromancer responsible we could have avoided this mass evacuation. Ah well, such is Myknoa's will.”

You open your mouth to inform Brother Elias of what you'd felt, but before you can speak the inn's front door bursts open. You watch a man, another priest, stumble in. A bright red line of blood oozes from a gash in his forehead. His tunic is torn and ripped. Despite the chill of the night outside, the firelight reflects a sheen of sweat on his forehead. He clutches his mace tightly, he eyes are wide and wild with adrenaline.

“BROTHERS! WE MUS-” he starts before an arrow explodes through his midsection. His cry of alarm becomes a shriek of pain as he drops to the ground, a bright red rose of blood blossoming on his tunic.

The tenuous calm in the common room is suddenly and savagely broken. Cries of terrified children, women, and men fill the small space. The sound is deafening, almost disorienting. A pair of arrows fly into the room from the open door, on driving into the wall in the back another into the floor. The two Priests explode into action, one slamming the front door to barricade against the arrows, the other dragging his wounded brother to safety.

The sound of breaking glass draws your attention, and you look just in time to see a terrified woman who had been standing in front of the window take an arrow shaft in her right arm. She goes down screaming as blood seeps from the wound.

“Everyone stay away from the window! And keep low!” you cry, your voice booming thanks to a quick application of your magic. A few of the more level headed guests do as you command. Something heavy slams into the front door, rattling it in its frame. The priest leans hard against it, trying to keep it closed.

Brother Elias slips past you, kneeling next to the wounded woman. He begins trying to treat her wound, though in her panic she fights him. Another loud thud rattles the door on its frame. You have to do something!

1. Help keep the door shut (please specify whether you want to use magic or your body).

2. Sneak out the back and try to get the jump on whatever is attacking the inn.

3. Sneak out the back and flee the city.

4. Other (please specify)

*037*2015-06-01 04:04

{{: 

Redhead! *blooper hugs poowrite

Also nice to see your doing stuff again! Shouted at Linkx about it but never got a chance to actually look at it until now. Looks great.

Also I feel like we should prepare a lightning bolt or something to blast the creatures when they break through and clear out the door, since I doubt we can hold it shut forever and we'd just be wasting our strength. A searing light would be great since these are undead, if we can do that.

}}

{{: 

POOWRITE! You're writing again! This looks excellent, as always!

I will also vote for option 1, with magic.

}}

Thanks, guys. I hope everyone is enjoying it.

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Full / Mostly Empty

You watch the Priest press his full weight against the door, barring entry to whatever was trying to break in. You hear a series of muffled sounds, *thunk* *thunk*, and can see the firelight reflecting off rusty arrowheads that suddenly appear in the door.

“Godsbedamned!” the Priest growls, retreating from the door instinctively. There is another loud bang, as something slams against the door. The lock breaks and the door flies open. The light spills outside and the flickering orange glow exposes several ghastly creatures. Two of them charge the broken door.

They're not quite skeletons, but their mottled gray flesh hangs on their bones like a baggy cloak. It looks ready to slough off at any moment. Their pupil-less eyes meet yours and you can see ill-intent in those milky orbs. Their angry, dead gazes causes your bladder to seize painfully and you instinctively press your thighs together in response.

The Priest slams his body against the door in a desperate attempt to close it. Even though the man is clearly strong, he can't hope to hold it against two animated corpses. The second Priest raises from his wounded companion to help, but you can see that he won't make it in time.

You take a deep, calming breath and draw the aether into yourself. You use it to push on the door, adding your magical strength to the Priest's physical might. You feel resistance as the undead push back. Lines of determination crease your features. You hold your right hand up, focusing the flow of aether through your palm. The door slams shut with a bang.

For a moment, everything is still. You can almost see the undead creatures standing before the shut door, trying to figure out what had overpowered them. Then, you feel their weight against the door and your magic once again. The Priest backs away from the door, protecting himself against further arrow fire and leaving you to hold it on your own.

Without his support, you are forced to channel more aether through your body and you can feel the effect it is having on you. The dull ache in your bladder becomes a sharp cramp. Your trousers feel slightly tighter around your waist as your bladder bulges against your stomach. You squeeze your legs together against the stinging sensation you feel in your groin as you struggle to hold back a wave of undead and a wave of urine.

Compounding matters, you feel something heavy moving through your bowels. A familiar pressure begins to build in your side, your stomach starts to feel tight and full. Your sphincter clenches involuntarily, and you can't help but hunch forward slightly as an urge to void your bowels makes itself known.

To the side of the door, you see another decaying corpse through the broken glass of the window. “The window!” you cry as it moves toward the broken pane. The Priest who had been on the door with you races to the opening, his mace drawn. You hear a dry crunch as the heavy metal ball crashes into the undead's skull. An arrow whistles in the room from the window, grazing the big man's cheek. He growls and spins away from the exposure just as a second arrow whizzes inside the common room.

“We must do something about the archers,” you hear a confident voice from the stairwell. You turn just in time to see Roland coming into the common room, his mace clutched in one hand. “I saw them from the second floor. There are only two archers, seven others wielding crude looking axes and swords.” He looks at the limp form hanging over the window sill. “Six, thanks to you Brother Duncan.” You frown. Eight undead versus four Priests and yourself, and you aren't sure if Brother Elias will fight. He doesn't look like a fighting man. The odds didn't seem to be in your favor.

“Brothers,” a grizzled old voice comes from your right. You turn to see Master Gerald standing before an open door, a stairwell leads down. As your head swivels away from the door, you realize that the common room has emptied out. Only you, Roland, Duncan, the wounded Priest, the Priest whose name you don't know, and another man, an adventurer like you by the looks of him, remain in the room. And Gerald, of course. “I've taken the guests to the wine cellar. It's crowded, but they should be safe from the fighting. Unless...” He doesn't finish his sentence. Roland gives the man an appreciative nod.

“Thank you, Master Gerald. Retire to the cellar with them. We will see to your safety.” His eyes linger on you and the other sell-sword, his expression inviting you to go into hiding with Gerald and the other guests. Neither of you take his offer. “Alright then. I am open to ideas...” Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like you'll have much time for planning. A rusty axe blade slams into the door, cutting a massive gash in the wood. You frown. You can hold the door closed, but no amount of magic will keep it from being turned into splinters. Worse, you hear a loud crash from behind you and the back door shudders on its hinges. They have you in a pincer!

The doors serve as natural choke points, a fact that you could use to your advantage. You could conjure up a powerful spell to try to obliterate the undead as they crowd the door. Your aching bladder reminds you that this course of action will likely cost you your dignity. Plus, you might not get the archers outside. Roland had said he'd seen the archers from the second story. Perhaps you could pick them off from above, though that route put your trousers in some jeopardy as well. Of course, you could stand in the common room with your new allies, allow the undead to swarm in and fight them toe-to-toe, though the archers would likely be shooting arrows through the open doors the whole time...

1. Allow the monsters to come in and try to destroy them as they crowd the door.

2. Try to eliminate the archers from the second story, leave the rest to the Priests and the second sell sword.

3. Engage the monsters in melee combat.

4. Other (please specify)

Calista's bladder has gone from Full to Desperate

Calista's bowel has gone from Mostly Empty to Full

