Eastern Isle Short Stories - Page 2

Author: GadgetCereal

*028*2018-09-16 05:57

The Town Hall lacked the beauty and grace of the Capital Church. Everything south of Velgorod lacked the beauty of Oldengrad’s capital. Xoe had come to accept that. This old wooden building however, had become a testament to the Church, a symbol of their resilience. The Capital Church, and the upper echelons of religion it housed may have been gone, slaughtered by a demonic invasion, but the grunts, the lower ranks of the Church, would survive. They always found a way.

Xoe stood beside her companion, Ro’gaul, awaiting the Head Cleric and his flood of questions. The tall brute of a man stood quietly, watching the Head Cleric speak with a small number of his Clerics. He was a tall, aging man, with thinning hair and a short beard on his sagging face. He looked tired, broken. Xoe couldn’t blame him after the news she had broken. His Church was dead, dying at the hands of the hellish onslaught. It was like she could read his mind. He was lost right now, looking for an answer to cling to.

It was the Head Paladin that truly bothered Xoe. A young, blonde haired woman who looked as if she had been carved from stone. She was small, and the bulk of her armour made her look wide. She stood by the corner of the large hall, glaring at the two strangers who had entered her town.

Xoe examined them both, watching their movements, their eyes, how they spoke. If she was to get her own way, then she’d have to appeal to the weakest one. In this case, that was the Head Cleric. The man had already shown his softness, allowing Xoe’s request of having this meeting in the warm comfort of the town hall. A man with some authority would’ve stood his ground and forced her to answer those questions on the spot, or fear being thrown from the town, or worse cut down by the Paladins. He was the one she had to focus if she was to get anything.

Right now, Xoe wanted nothing more than to be out of her travelling gear and back into something more comfortable. But most importantly for the Oracle, she had not relieved herself since leaving camp, doing the deed on a tree with an illusionary barrier hiding her immodesty. It had been a walk since dawn to the gates of Minevorska, and the urgency of reaching town permitted neither her or her companion any stops. She wished to be out of her clothes and into something more fitting of a Xian'Tao, as well as using the lavatory. The feeling was not too bad, but her urge to answer natures call was niggling, bothering the young Oracle.

Finally, the Head Cleric waved off his Cleric’s and approached Xoe and her companion. He glared for a moment, looking over to the Head Paladin and then back to her. “You have come from the north, yes? From Velgorod?” He asked, speaking in a low, weary voice.

Xoe nodded. “We were in the company of the Capital Church before its destruction.”

The Head Cleric sat down on a chair. He rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath. “We have had only silence down here until the undead arose, and that… structure that tore through our Church.” He looked up from the floor, his eyes weary from little sleep. “What in the realms happened up north that started all this?”

Xoe remained silent for a moment, glancing at the Head Cleric with a smile. She did not wait, preferring to come right out and say it. She put on her friendliest voice. “If it is fine with you, Head Cleric.” She deliberately refused to look at the Head Paladin. “It has been a long journey. I’m afraid I’m a mess. I would wish to freshen up before I answer anything.”

“You can hold it.” The Head Paladin replied, giving the Head Cleric no time to respond himself. She glared at Xoe, the brute of a woman standing with her arms firmly crossed. “You wasted enough of our time outside.”

“I was speaking to the Head Cleric.” Xoe replied, gesturing to the Head Paladin with an uninterested brush of her hand. She didn’t look her in eyes. “With your permission of course.” She smiled.

In a moment of silence, the Head Cleric returned her smile. "Very well." He grabbed hold of a passing Paladin and spoke to them. “Paladin Aliyev,” he greets them with a smile. “will you kindly show Ms Saphir to the back room?” He looks to the Head Paladin with a subtle, but sly smile. “And do not take your eyes off her. She is not to be taken anywhere else.” The Head Cleric stressed the last order.

The Paladin, a young soft faced girl with dark hair, acknowledged the Head Cleric’s request with a curt nod. “Of course, Head Cleric.” She looked to Xoe. “This way.”

“No, hold on.” The Head Paladin grabbed the young Paladin’s hand, telling her to stop. She turned to the Head Cleric, fuming. “Dexter, this woman shows up in our town, disrespects us and the church and now you are granting her every request. Let her wait, she can piss herself for all I care.”

“We can wait another minute, Catia. She’s cooperated somewhat, so far. Besides, she’s nowhere to run off to. She will be kept under watch.” He brushed off the criticising of the Head Paladin and looked only to the young Paladin. “See to it she does not take too long.”

“Well you are more than welcome to speak with Ro’Gaul in my absence.” Xoe interrupted them both, speaking honestly, but hiding the joy she was feeling. A tongue-less man could speak no words, but neither Heads of the church knew. “Now come.” Xoe grabbed the young Paladin’s arm and urged her to guide her to the backroom.

As they walked off, Xoe could hear the Heads of the church arguing, the Head Paladin frustrated that the Head Cleric had ordered one of her own. He seems to brush off the frustration, asking for her silence and beginning to address Ro’gaul.

The Paladin guided Xoe through the hall of working Church-hands. They looked to be keeping themselves busy, looking over maps, brewing potions, discussing plans of action. As she watched them in passing, Xoe wondered if she had been wrong to assume the Church had given up. They walked through a large set of doors into the back area, where it was quieter; the chatterings of the Church sounded like a whisper here. It was dark, and there was an unpleasant stench as they approached the last door at the back.

“Here we are.” The Paladin pushed open the wooden door, the old hinges creaking as it swung open.

Xoe stepped in first, appalled at the state of the privy. Old, rotting wood covered the walls, sunlight streamed in through a window at the top of the wall, the panes were frosted with the morning ice, and by her feet was a small rectangular hole in the floor with flies buzzing around it. The smell did not welcome her, the smell of rot and waste hit her nostrils like a punch to the face, strong enough to knock her back. Disgusted, and feeling she was about to retch, Xoe grabbed her nose. “Uggh, I am a guest of the Church and I am expected to use this… hole? I cannot at the very least use the outhouses?”

The Paladin shrugged her shoulders. “Head Cleric Dexter’s orders: You were to be shown to the backroom. Nowhere else.”

“May I get some privacy, at least?” She turned, facing the Paladin with her arms crossed sternly.

“I’m not to take my eyes off you.” The Paladin mimicked her actions, crossing her own eyes and glancing down at the privy. "If you have to do it, you do it with me watching."

She understood now, this was some cruel trick by the Head Cleric. If she was to use an excuse to escape answering his questions, then she’d be taken to the filthiest privy. It would’ve been a perfect call to her bluff… had Xoe been bluffing. But for once, the Orientian Oracle had not been making excuses. She well and truly needed to use the privy and this is what she got, a filthy, squalid, fly-infested hole. She had underestimated just how broken the Head Cleric had seemed. The man was still not feeble enough to be pushed around. “Very well, if this is how we are to do it; so be it.” If this is how it was to be, she’d do it on her own terms.

Xoe stretched out her arms, channeling her mana and summoning an illusionary barrier around her. The last she saw of the Paladin was the look of disbelief on her face as the barrier enveloped Xoe, shielding her from the Paladin’s watch.

“What on earth is this trickery?” The Paladin exploded with fury. “Explain yourself!”

Xoe chortled. “Oh, do not worry. It is merely an illusionary barrier. As long as you can hear my voice you’ll know I’m still here.” Now without the Paladin’s perverted eyes watching her, Xoe could relieve herself in peace. She undid her belt, pulled down her greaves and squatted over the floor, positioning herself until she hovered over the hole. She grabbed the hem of her coat and lifted it over her knees. “You’re welcome to keep asking me to speak. Though, my voice is all you’ll be able to hear.” What the barrier kept silent was all to the Caster’s preference.

The Paladin said nothing, making only a frustrated grunt for a noise.

"I shall take that as a no." With a grimace on her face, she looked down into the hole, seeing only blackness. An Oracle of the Xian’tao and she had to do… this in a filthy squalid hole. She detested it, but she had no choice. At least the barrier afforded her some privacy. Xoe closed her eyes, relaxed and curled her lips as she felt a rush of warmth flow from between her legs. With a quiet tinkle, she began pissing into the hole.

The small room resonated with a quiet hissing as Xoe relieved herself in the hole. She opened her eyes after a moment, staring down and watching as her stream pattered against the wooden board, covering it with a spray of piss. She breathed a quiet sigh of relief and rested her arms atop her knees, dealing with her bladder in peace. It felt relieving to make her water. Her maidenhood tingled with pleasure.

There was a draft blowing through the room and the unflattering feeling of tiny, ticklish feet against her backside. It did not feel pleasant, it felt disgusting, filthy little bugs crawling around her bare backside. Heaven’s knew where their disgusting little feet had been. She waved an angry hand behind her, trying to shoo away the tiny flies buzzing around her bare backside. It didn’t work, she could still their feet tickling her. She sighed wearily and tried to ignore it, focusing only on emptying her bladder.

Her stream died to a light trickle, the final drops tinkling into the depth below. “Better.” Xoe sighed, also letting the Paladin know she was still present. She looked down at the board, watching the stray drops of her piss drip into the darkness beneath her. A moment passed and Xoe began feeling a small weight pressing on her backside.

Even with the barrier, Xoe was nervous about relieving her bowels. Now she was here, squatting over the privy, she couldn't hold it in.Her anus twitched, a small brown lump poked out between her cheeks. She shook her head, sighing wearily. She had to do it now. Xoe relaxed again, letting the weight descend. The sound of soft crackling filled the air, though thankfully only she could hear the shameful sounds. With a light push, she squeezed out the moist log, feeling a brief pain as she expelled.

Her stomach settled as the log spilled out from her backside, squirming like a small brown snake and falling into the darkness beneath her. It hit the floor with a dirty splat, landing atop the puddle of piss. The faint pains in her stomach subsided, but she wasn’t done. Xoe breathed a sigh and pushed out the last of her waste. Her anus twitched, widening as she forced the final length of the log out. A thinner, stubbier log inched its way from her anus, pouring out with a soft crackle and breaking off into the privy hole.

“Hmm.” She was finished, her bladder and bowels relieved, but the disgust of doing it in this disgusting privy would haunt her for the rest of her life. After such an embarrassment, perpetrated by the Head Cleric, Xoe decided it was time to have some fun of her own. She needed to change out of these filthy clothes anyway, into something more presentable for the Heads of the Church.

She looked around the room, looking for something to wipe with; no paper, cloth, or leaves to clean herself up with were present. “Of course.” Xoe shook her head. She channeled her mana and summoned a few sheets of paper from her unending pocket. She wiped between her legs, wiped the mess from her backside and threw the messy paper into the hole. She looked down into it, her face twisting at the thought she had just used it, her waste now lying at the bottom of the hole. She hopped up to her feet and pulled up her greaves.

Instead of vanishing the barrier completely, Xoe channeled her mana, resizing the barrier and making it smaller, just big enough to cover the privy hole. That way, neither she, nor the Paladin would have to suffer the smell of her visit. She had grown fond of doing that after visiting the privy, especially with company. The thought of others smelling her leavings shamed her. Finished She shook the hem of her robe and stared at the Paladin.

“Are you done?” The Paladin asked, her voice shook with frustration.

Xoe, mocking the Paladin, rested a finger on her chin. “Not quite yet, I wish to get changed. A lady must look her best.” She looked the Paladin in the eyes, smirking smugly.

The Paladin grumbled, her fires quite clearly stoked. “You’ve done your business, that’s all you came here to do.” She hissed.

“I believe I asked if I could freshen up. I don’t know what the definition of that is in whatever little peasant village you hail from, but where I’m from that means for a lady to look her best.”

It took her a moment, but eventually the Paladin allowed her, reluctantly. “Fine… but you will do it without that barrier trick, and you will be quick.”

Xoe accepted, shrugging her shoulders and smirking with a mock gesture of seduction. “You needn’t worry about that. I have no shame in my body” She took off her long mage coat. “But if you insist on watching, at least make yourself useful. She said, throwing her coat over the Paladin. Beneath the coat she wore a dark purple shirt, tight fitting with a black overcoat protecting it. She took off her overcoat and held it in her hand.

With a snap of her fingers, Xoe summoned her spellcaster’s book by her side. The book levitated by her side, stopping just beside her eyes. With a twirl of her fingers, she flicked through the pages. “Ah, there.” She pressed her finger against the vanishing spell. With a simple snap of her fingers, the overcoat began to dissipate, fading in a small purple flame. She did the same with her shirt, stripping down to only her corset and vanishing it. Finally, she snapped her fingers one more time, feeling a soft drought against her thighs as her trousers began to dissipate. She stood now, in the filthy backroom, in only her lacy knickers and mud-caked boots, her long black braid resting atop the tip of her breast. She turned to the paladin, exposing her fair breasts to the young woman and stretched out a hand, revealing the tip of her breasts. “Now, if you would mind passing me my coat?”

The Paladin’s cheeks went red, she froze, her cheeks turning the colour of ruby as she stared at Xoe’s naked body, the Oracle covered only by a pair of lacy knickers. Xoe chuckled, snapping her fingers to break the Paladin from her lustful gaze. “My coat. Please.”

The Paladin handed her the robe with a trembling hand. It took her a moment to take her eyes off Xoe’s nude body. Her cheeks were flushed, the colour of burning crimson, her eyes were as wide as a child’s. It bothered Xoe none; She knew she was attractive, with a fine body that drew the eyes of every man in every town she passed. This is why she had chosen to do this; to tease the Young Paladin. If she was to treated as crudely as she had been by the Church in this town, she would cheer herself up by tempting and teasing the gaze of this poor young Paladin.

“Thank you.” She channelled some energy and vanished the coat in a small rise of purple flames. “That’s better.” She sighed, the air was chilly but being out of her gear was a pleasant feeling after such a long walk. Her robes were creased, her hair a mess, but most importantly for Xoe, she could wear something formal once more, something that wouldn’t get stained with dirt and sweat.

Pressing her fingers together, Xoe read along the lines of her spellbook. “Reflection. Hmm, there.” She read the words mentally, channelling her mana and pulling her hands apart. A large mirror formed from her finger tips, hanging in the air.

“You said this would not take long. I feel you are making a mockery of the Head Cleric’s generosity.” The Paladin hissed. In the mirrors reflection, she was leering at Xoe’s soft, but firm backside.

“I do know you’re admiring me.” Xoe giggled. She adjusted the reflection spell, allowing her to examine her thighs. “Hmm, I feel a change is in order.” With a snap of her fingers, she watched as her knickers vanished, revealing her bare backside for the Paladin to admire.

The Paladin finally cracked. With flushed cheeks, she let out a quiet squeak and immediately turned her back on her. “I… I shall give you a moment.”

“You’re a dear.” Xoe replied sarcastically; she smirked knowing the Paladin had finally cracked. She had her privacy now. She spent a moment pondering what to change into, and finally she settled on a pair of simple frilly knickers. She snapped her fingers, watching as a cream pair of lace knickers manifested in purple flame, covering up her immodesty. “Hmm, that is better.” She put her hands down the sides of her knickers and stretched them, enjoying their silken touch against her thighs.

She repeated the summoning spell for the rest of her clothes, dressing herself in a silver blouse, low cut to reveal her cleavage, black, tight fitting greaves that showed some form to her backside, and a long midnight blue coat that matched her hair. To finish, she undid the braid in her hair and straightened it out, finishing with her silver circlet. “Right.” She clapped her hands for the Paladin’s attention. “Now,” She slammed her spellbook closed and took it in her hands. Again, Xoe felt like an Oracle, sophisticated and presentable once more, “I will gladly speak with your Heads of the Church.”

