Girl's Night In (OC Story)

Author: heartkitten13

*000*2017-06-12 07:14

(Author's Note: The characters of this story are all OC's, currently active in my Fire Emblem inspired Interactive Story. This isn't canon to the primary story, but rather a calm aside, just for the hell of it, just because I feel like writing right now. This will get updated whenever I feel like updating it, just when I'm in a writing mood)

Prologue: The Calm

6:58.... Rose thought to herself as she stared at the clock. Two minutes till showtime. She felt more nervous than she should have. She had most of the afternoon getting stuff ready. Buying drinks and snacks, getting together sleeping bags, renting a scary movie, trying to figure a way out of the party her girlfriend had pressured her into throwing, getting shot glasses, which her girlfriend also pressured her into doing. She honestly wondered why she let Vera pressure her so often, though she guessed it was something to do with how good she looked when naked. The thought made Rose blush slightly.

She then noticed that the clock had gone forward a minute. Almost time... A slight twinge in her bladder alerted her to her own growing need to relieve herself. She internally debated if she had enough time to go. She went through the guest list in her head. First, there was Vera, her purple haired girlfriend. She would be a little bit late. Feya, a fellow red head and her and Vera's.... other girlfriend would be with her. Rose had accepted that rather odd relationship a while ago. The three of them had gone through a lot together, and Vera refused to let either red head get too far from her.

Besides, Feya was just kinky enough to satisfy Vera where Rose was too reserved to. Moving down the guest list, Reyne was coming as well. Another red head, this girl was far different from the others. Rose was slightly worried about Reyne coming. Not because she would make trouble, very much the opposite. Reyne was more reserved than Rose was, as far as she had seen. Ironic, considering her companion, Belle, who was also coming. That long haired blond was as kinky as Feya and just as easy. Reyne would be here soon, Rose knew, since her reserved nature stemmed from her rich upbringing, which also made her punctual, which meant that she would be there on time.

As the clock struck seven, Rose knew she'd hear the doorbell any second. As for her last guest, she knew that Kara wouldn't take long to show up either. Vera had made sure that Kara was coming, and Rose knew the exact reason. Vera wanted Kara to be there because Kara had something that none of the other girls had, being a futanari. It was better than having a boy around, Vera had argued. Well, it's not like she'll be pulling it out. Rose thought to herself. She's not that easy.

Knock Knock

"Coming." Rose called out. She took one last look over her living room. It was big enough to easily fit all of them. She had moved her couch back so the majority of the floor was open for the six sleeping bags to cover the floor. She also had a flat screen on the wall, as well as the table that held up the drinks and snacks. Satisfied that it would work for the night, Rose walked to the door. Before opening it, she turned to the mirror a few feet from the door, one last check to make sure she was all together. Her hair was freshly combed and went to her shoulders. Her pajamas were boring as usual, pure black bottoms and a plain white top, and nothing under them, how she usually slept. As she gripped the door knob, a sudden bolt of dread shot through her as Vera's words rang through her head.

"Just show up in what you wear to bed." She had said to the group. To a normal group of girls, that would mean pajamas, as Rose now wore. However, the group invited was no normal group of girls. She would be amazed if no one arrived armed. But show up in what you wear to bed... Rose sighed so loudly that whoever was behind the door was sure to hear her. Well, nothing to fix it now. Might as well take a toll of who shows up naked. She guessed at least half, then opened the door. As she expected, Reyne and Belle stood behind it. Both wore identical white robes, monogrammed with with the letter R in bright red letters. Rose smiled warmly at them, honestly surprised that Belle wasn't naked.

"Good evening, Rose." Reyne said, in that royal sounding British accent of hers. Belle then slapped her on the back.

"C'mon Reyne, don't be so formal." Belle said. She then walked up to Rose and pulled her into her strong arms. "Hey Rose, it's been too long."

Rose couldn't help but laugh as she returned Belle's hug. An involuntary blush crept onto her face as she felt Belle's massive breasts press against her body. The woman was muscular and well endowed, it made sense that she was Reyne's bodyguard and personal trainer. Trainer in multiple different ways, as Belle explained it, which always prompted a bright blush from Reyne.

"Nice to see you too, Belle, but it's only been like two days since we last spoke."

"Two days too long then." she then let go of Rose, then walked past her into the house. Rose then turned to Reyne, who seemed to realize something, then go after Belle.

"Belle, keep your robe on." Reyne called after her as she sped past Rose after her escort. Rose looked around outside and, upon seeing no one, reentered the house, shutting the door behind her. Upon entering, she was immediately greeted by a lovely view of Belle's exposed breasts as Reyne attempted to pull her robe back on her.

"Belle..." Reyne growled. Belle stared her down, a slight smile on her face, staying firm in her attempt to strip.

"Reyne, it's fine." Belle explained, holding her robe down. "Vera said that we should come how we sleep. I go to bed in a robe, but I sleep naked, so that means I can hang out naked."

"Technically, that's true..." Rose said, softly. She had no qualms with a bunch of naked girls walking around her house, despite herself remaining clothed whenever she wasn't bathing or changing. However, she wanted to have a relaxing night with a few friends, instead of the orgy Vera was most likely planning. She was then alerted by another twinge in her bladder. She watched as Reyne relented, allowing Belle to strip naked, throwing her robe to the side. Belle's muscular body on display was enough to make Rose forget how to speak for a second, but she quickly regained composure.

"Would you two like something to drink?" She asked. Her eyes peered over to the clock on the wall. 7:02 and she already had a large breasts woman naked in her living room. Tonight was going to be a long night.

