Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 4

Author: Poowrite

*076*2015-06-06 04:10

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Desperate / Full

You take a deep, steadying breath and force yourself to ignore the urgency in your bladder. You relax as much as you can, letting your tightly wound muscles loosen. You feel a sharp stab of pain between your legs as your urethra floods, but you focus your attention on the creature of undeath standing before you and not on the needs of your body.

The monster makes a move toward you and you explode into action, striking fast and hard like an angry serpent. The undead tries to run you through as you approach, but you caught it mid-step. The attack is unbalanced, slow, and sloppy. You weave to the left, easily avoiding the point of the undead's sword. Your momentum carries you past the monster, and as you dash by you swing your saber in a high, horizontal arc. Powered by your momentum and a touch of magic, your blade strikes the creature's exposed throat and travels all the way through. The creature's head tumbles to the ground with a thump.

Your adrenaline begins to abate, and you become aware of a warmth between your legs. Immediately, you know whats happening. <i>”No, no, no...”</i> you think, slamming your thighs together and squeezing for all you're worth. It doesn't do any good. You can feel the warmth expanding as a slow trickle leaks from your bladder, making your small-clothes feel damp against your womanhood. You stand over your fallen foe, your legs grinding together as you wriggle and squirm against nature's call. Your hands clench into tight fists, your knuckles turning white as you try to stem the trickle.

You ache for a more complete release. Your urethra stings as urine dribbles out of you. You can feel your muscles relaxing against your will. You stand still, squeezing your legs together with every ounce of strength you can muster, doubling over slightly in exquisite desperation. In the end, you simply cannot hold on any longer. You whimper softly as your body gives in...

All at once, the trickle becomes a deluge and you flood your trousers with urine. A high pressure stream of hot liquid pours into your garments. You can feel the small, damp spot on your small-clothes suddenly balloon as the cotton absorbs your accident. Though your trousers are dark, they still show the evidence of your release as your accident seeps through your soggy undergarment.

A small, wet stain in the shape of a crescent forms at the front and back of your trousers. Once your small-clothes are soaked all the way through these stains expand rapidly, blossoming across the backside and crotch of your pants like a rose. The insides of your pant legs darken as gravity takes over, forcing the river to run down your legs. You feel it pouring down the insides of your thighs and shins in a thick sheet, flooding your boots and drenching your socks in the process. You can feel rivulets of urine running down the back of your legs as well, tracing dark lines down the back of your trousers.

Eventually, the urine soaks all the way though your garment and a stream of liquid gold spills to the hardwood floor beneath you. Droplets twinkle in the firelight as the stream meets the floor, and the sound of heavy rainfall fills the room. At your feet, a yellow puddle widens into a small lake as you urinate all over the ground.

Finally, it's all over. For a moment, you can only stand there with your eyes closed basking in sweet, sweet relief. Then, slowly, the sensation fades and you become aware of the warm wetness clinging to your legs. You blush furiously, running your hands down your soaked trousers. The smell of urine stings your nose.

To make matters worse, with your bladder no longer clamoring for attention you realize just how badly you need to expel waste from the other end as well. A lead brick sits in your stomach, and you can feel it descending into your rectum. Your sphincter clenches reflexively, and you absently clutch your lower abdomen as uncomfortable knots twist in your sides. You take a deep breath, trying to ignore your bowels so you can rejoin the battle.

Except... it is already over. Duncan and the sell-sword have dispatched the creature they were fighting as has Roland, though you notice when he walks he seems to favor his right leg. The silence in the room seems deafening, and your can feel your cheeks grow hot as your allies realize what you've done and awkwardly look away from you.

“Brothers!” Brother Elias' voice breaks the silence and Roland knees to see to his companion wounded companion. Roland moves to check on the priest who had been injured before the fighting had started in earnest.

“What is it Elias,” Roland asks.

“I have finished consecrating the grounds. We should be safe... at least for a time. Long enough to see to our injured companions.”

“Wait,” you ask. “You were outside this whole time? With no weapons?”

“Yes,” he nods. “When it became obvious that the ghouls were going to breech the doors, I sneaked out and kept to the shadows until it was safe. I assume it was you who dealt with the archers? Thank you for that. Anyway, once it was safe to move about outside the building, I surrounded it with water blessed by the Mykona herself. I didn't have much, so... it is a small circle of warding. But, the inn should have enough room for us to see to injuries.”

“H-How small a circle,” you ask. “Does... does it include the outhouses.”

“I'm afraid not,” he replies, and his cheeks flush as he looks at your trousers and seems to have just realized what happened. “If I may, Miss... Dupray was it?... it seems rather too late for that.” You meet his gaze for a moment, giving him a pointed look. His eyes widen as he makes the connection. “Oh! Oh, I see. Well, I am afraid that you won't find much privacy outside. Anyone could see you just from poking their head out the door. Perhaps Mater Gerald has somewhere you can, uh, tend to your business in private? I... I will fetch him!” he says, and you can see that he is eager to escape the awkward conversion. Which is just as well... so are you.

It did leave the question of what to do about... well... finishing relieving yourself. You had to go pretty badly, but the danger seems to have passed for now. You didn't feel like you were in any immediate danger of messing yourself, but you had used a good amount of magic. Your body was likely still processing it all, things could get much more urgent very quickly. Of course, there were injured allies to see to as well. Maybe you could help with that, at least until you could speak with Master Gerald.

1. See what you can do to help Roland.

2. See what you can do to help Duncan.

3. See what you can do for the sell-sword.

4. Go upstairs, go in an empty room, and relieve yourself.

5. It's probably safe. Just use the outhouse.

6. Other (please specify)

Calista's Bladder has gone from Desperate to Empty

Calista's Bowel has gone from Full to Desperate

*090*2015-06-08 04:28

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Empty / Desperate

You walk out of the puddle you'd created, frowning at the soggy squishing noise that accompanies each step and at the way your pant legs cling to your body. You can feel the pressure in your stomach building, the weight of the mass in your bowels pressing heavily against your sphincter. You ignore the call of nature for now. Elias is helping guests out of the cellar, you would have an opportunity to ask Master Gerald if he had a chamberpot or something you could use in just a few seconds. You could hold it until then, you really didn't want to befoul one of the rooms if you could avoid it.

As Elias helps the guests, Roland and Duncan see to the wounded Priests, and you watch the wounded sell-sword slump into a chair. He winces as he sits, and clutches his bleeding side. You decided to see what you can do to help him. He looks as if he needs it, and it will help you take your mind off what your body needs to do.

“You should let me help you with that,” you say as you approach, nodding toward his bleeding side. He glances up and smiles at you and you get a good look at him for the first time. He isn't as broad in the shoulders as the Priests, but he is still broader than an average man. Not surprising, given his apparent profession. He looks to be about your age, clean shaven with short black hair. His brow is creased with pain, but even through that there is a friendliness in his blue eyes. The large sword he had been using in combat leans against the table he is sitting at.

“Going to close my wound with some magic, spell-caster,” he asks. He has a good natured tone, though you can hear the pain in his voice.

“Calista,” you respond, and absently massage your stomach at the thought of invoking more magic. “And arcane magic is a little... lacking when it comes to healing. I could ease the pain, though that will do little good if you bleed to death. I have some bandages. If you remove your armor, I can dress your wounds.”

“Calista, then. I am Lucius, and I thank you for your help.” He nods at you, then rises from his seat. He manages to remove his mail shirt without your aid, then he hefts his gambeson up, exposing a firm stomach. An angry red stab wound in his right sight weeps blood. Fortunately, it doesn't look deep but you know from experience that even shallow stabs can hurt like the deepest hells. You pull your bandages from your pack, as well as a clean cloth and small vial of fluid that would clean the wound and prevent it from rotting.

“This will burn,” you warn, then dampen the cloth with the fluid and press it to his wound. He bites his lower lip, but to his credit he doesn't cry out. When you feel that the wound has been cleaned, you turn your attention toward dressing it.

“First time facing the undead,” he asks.

“What makes you think that,” you ask.

“Ah... well...” he suddenly seems uncomfortable, as if he regrets the line of questioning. “Your pants...” You feel your face growing hot as the blood rushes to your cheeks. “You don't need to be ashamed,” he interjects. “I've seen grizzled old goats and strong young men do worse in their armor when facing undeath for the first time.”

“It wasn't the undead. It was my magic,” you explain. “Using it makes me... need to relieve myself.”

“Oh. I... always thought that using magic just wore you out.”

“That is true for most spell-casters. Others experience the side-effects of channeling aether differently.” Your stomach issues a muffled gurgling noise, as if to remind you that you hadn't finished suffering the side-effects of your latest round of spell-casting.

“Well, that seems like it would be rather annoying,” he responds.

You shrug. “I have to admit, there are advantages. There are stories of spell-casters sleeping for days after heavy casting, or simply passing out in the heat of battle. I don't have to worry about that at least. Anyway, you speak as if you have a lot of experience fighting the undead.”

He laughs. “More than most, I would wager. I have been in Dawnswall for most of my life. You know they call this place 'the city Mykona built'?” You shake your head. “Mykona sees undead as an abomination, and with the Priests of the Dawn watching over the city you would think that necromancers would be smart enough not to try any of their tricks here. But... it seems like the Priests are always putting out jobs for help with some small gathering of undead. Maybe it's just small-time necromancers trying to make a name for themselves. Usually, their efforts get them separated from their heads.”

“So... this is normal,” you ask, pulling the bandages tight.

“This? You mean undead running free in the streets? No. Gods no. Usually it's a lone necromancer with five or six skeletons with bones so rotten they barely hold together in a stiff breeze. This... whatever this is, it's different.”

Before you can ask anything else, you feel a tap on your shoulder. Master Gerald stands before you, looking a little uncomfortable. “Uh, Brother Elias said you needed... he said that you had a problem. I believe I have something that can help. If you'll follow me to the pantry...”

You turn toward Lucius. He was probably still in some pain. You could help with that. It wouldn't take too long. He must have recognized the conflict in your expression, because he waves you away. “Go see to your problem. Though, I would appreciate it if you could come back and keep me company when you're finished. Also, I could use some of that pain killing magic you talked about...”

1. Follow Gerald to the pantry for relief.

2. Use magic to help Lucius' pain. (Please specify 2a or 2b)

2a. Follow Gerald afterward.

2b. Remain with Lucius afterward. (Choose a topic of conversation)

3. Give Lucius one of your potions. (Please specify 3a or 3b)

3a. Follow Gerald afterward.

3b. Remain with Lucius afterward. (Choose a topic of conversation)

4. Tell Gerald you are fine now and speak with Lucius.

5. Other (please specify)

Possible topics with Lucius:

What brought him to the Goblin's Bag Inn.

What does he know about whats going on.

Other (please specify)

