Norma's bad day at work

Author: Bomber27

*000*2021-08-19 17:17

Norma was on her way to work, her second week in her new position as Assistant Store Manager in a large retail store. This week she would be running the store by herself to show her bosses what she could do, and she was understandably nervous as she got dressed that morning. Norma is a single mother, a pretty latina woman in her late 30s, with a mocha colored complexion, straight black hair that she wears in a pony tail, and she is in good shape with a round and tight little butt. She dressed herself in a white blouse and a pair of tight blue jeans.

Norma first began to feel pangs of needing a BM as she drove to work. She didn't give it much thought, and just figured at some point that day she would need to use the bathroom. She did note that her guts felt slightly bubbly, and that it was likely from the nerves she was feeling about her performance. By the time she reached the store she immediately got busy with the day and forgot all about needing the toilet.

Cut to a couple of hours into the day, when the store was getting very busy. All the sudden Norma was experiencing the hectic nature of trying to run the salesfloor of a large and busy store. She was being pulled in all directions, putting out fires here, giving direction there, trying to solve scheduling problems, talking with customers and answering her incessantly ringing phone. During the chaos, Norma felt a few slight rumbles course through her bowels, and she realized her need to poop again. She confidently held on, telling herself that as soon as she had a free moment she should go use the ladies room.

Well, the moments came and went, and it was still just one thing after another for Norma. After a little while, her urge to poop was only getting more prominent, and it was starting to become a distraction. As she dealt with anything that came up, she couldn't shake the thought of needing the bathroom lingering in the background, and she started to grow irritable. She got a bit of an attitude with one of her workers at one point, and once she realized it she was quick to apologize and share the excuse for her demeanor. "I'm sorry for being short with you. I'm a little cranky because I've been trying to get to the bathroom for a while now but I keep getting pulled." The worker apologized for holding her up, then let her be.

After the exchange, Norma felt she had a free moment, and she started to make her way towards the ladies room. But on the way there, she got a call from the customer service desk explaining that there was an upset customer waiting for a manager. Norma debated just going to the bathroom anyway and keeping the customer waiting, but then the customer service employee explained that the customer's problem was that she had been waiting for help for a very long time and no one was responding. Norma figured it would be best not to keep her waiting any longer and she turned back and headed for customer service.

As she walked away from the bathrooms, Norma began to feel genuinely worried. She really needed to go, and she was running out of time. She just prayed to herself in her head that this customer encounter would go quickly and smoothly and she could head back to the bathroom. But for the first time in several years, the thought of possibly having an accident began to enter Norma's mind. She quickly stifled the thought, and said to herself "you'll be ok. You can hold it in. Its ok..." and she went to meet the customer.

When Norma got to the customer service desk, she was immediately met by an inexplicably irate middle aged woman. Sure, it was inconvenient and annoying to have to wait for help, but the woman was carrying on as if Norma had personally offended her. It only made matters worse for Norma because she wasn't used to dealing with angry customers as the ASM, and it was making her more nervous. And as the nerves ramped up, her stomach only felt more and more unsettled. She just kept nodding, apologizing and agreeing with the customer, but in her head all she was thinking was "SHUT UP. I HAVE TO GO POOP!"

Then, something terrible happened. Norma felt a big bubble of gas work its way through her guts and she was met with an extremely intense urge to fart. She squeezed her butt cheeks together hard and concentrated on trying to keep it in, but the pressure was too much. As the woman continued complaining and carrying on, Norma inadvertently farted. The good news was that it was very quiet...but the bad news was it left her with a warm and damp sensation in the seat of her beige cotton panties that wasn't going away. Stress and shock washed over Norma's body a she realized that she had just sharted in her underwear.

Her heart began pounding in her chest, she was now highly convinced that if she didn't immediately go to the bathroom then she was going to follow through and completely mess her pants. She held on for dear life and finally was able to muddle her way through the conversation with the customer, and appeased her with a discount on her purchases. But her need to poop was so urgent by then that she had stomach cramps and it was physically difficult to walk. Nevertheless she began to head back for the bathroom in a panic, silencing her phone on the way so as to avoid anymore distractions.

As she walked she felt another intense urge to fart bubble up, but she clenched firmly knowing that it was going to be a lot more than that if she let it out. She started pleading with herself in her head "please make it. Please make it. Please make it!" over and over. But finally, with the bathroom in site and only 25 feet away...she pushed.

She didn't mean to push. It was just a reflex from a sharp cramp that struck her. But once she did, it was all over. She felt herself start to turtle head, and she was unable to resist it and began to push a very soft and mushy mess into her underwear. She had to stop walking, and she just froze in place and slightly spread her legs apart as the hot mush forced its way out in bursts, and the tightness of her jeans caused it to spread upwards along her butt crack. She just stood there helplessly until she was done pooping in her pants, then she continued on to the bathroom with a pronounced waddle, her head hanging in shame.

She got in the bathroom and simply didn't know what to do with herself. She was dreading checking the damage, but she knew it was bad. She could feel the mess under both cheeks, in her crotch and going all the way up to the top of her crack. She looked at herself in disbelief in the mirror, and thought "I can't believe i just pooped my pants at work." But she had to think quick and decide what to do about it. She waddled into a stall and held her breath from the stench as she carefully unbuttoned her jeans and tried to lower them. But her underwear was just too soiled, and the consistency of the load made it impossible to simply dump her panties out in the toilet. She sighed with defeat, pulled her jeans back up over her poopy underwear and decided that she needed to go home and change her pants.

Norma waddled back out of the stall and turned her back to the mirror to check if it was visible from the outside. There was no poop stain on the outside of her jeans thankfully, however they were slightly bulging and had a long wet mark going up along her butt crack. She grimaced and felt her face turn hot with embarrassment as she prepared to go out and face the music. She was positive she wouldn't be getting away with this accident.

Norma tried to correct her walking as she left the bathroom so as to not make it extremely obvious that she had a mess in her jeans, but the squishing sensation between her thighs and cheeks was too much and she couldn't help but walk with a bit of a waddle. She made her way towards the offices upstairs so she could tell the store manager she was taking her lunch hour, and on her way there a handful of employees and customers saw her walking funny and observed the back of her pants. She was also leaving quite the odor behind as she walked by, so quickly people were curious. It didnt take long at all before one worker said to another "dude. I think Norma shit herself." The rumor quickly spread from there.

When Norma finished her walk of shame to the store managers office, she greeted him by saying "I have a problem." He looked at her with concern and said "what's going on Norma?" She paused a moment, unsure how to say it, then just beat around the bush a little. "I need to take my lunch now and I'm going to be heading home during it, I might be a little late getting back...." he looked a little disturbed and said "why is that? You know you're floor coverage today." Norma paused again, then swallowed her pride. She looked away to avoid eye contact, then she mumbled to him "I just had an accident". He replied "what happened? Are you hurt?"

She interjected "No...I mean... I went to the bathroom...like, in my pants..." she cringed and shut her eyes tight as she said it out loud. He looked at her in disbelief for a moment, just before he crinkled his nose up at the smell as it hit him. He said "oh my" with surprise and concern, then he simply dismissed her to go home to change her pants. Norma couldn't help but feel 2 inches tall, and she dreaded how this might make her look with regards to being able to handle the store.

How could she run a big store if she couldn't even control her bowels long enough to make it to the toilet? Eitherway, Norma left the store and went home to clean herself up. Once she had clean undies and a new outfit on, she had to make the awkward return to work. By the time she got back, word had made its way around the store about how she had pooped her pants. And there was nothing Norma could do but work her way through the rest of her shift feeling humiliated. But as bad as she felt, she just kept telling herself it was fine and that she'd be ok soon. After all, it was not Norma's first accidental BM, so she knew what to expect emotionally from herself.

Until next time.

Bomber27

