Megan and Abby's Sloppy Night

Author: cleverpun

*000*2019-03-28 01:39

Hi all, I don't write stories too often (particularly not now, having entered the job market) but sometimes get in the mood to put some ideas to paper (or computer). Wrote this one in a quick hour/1.5 hours, so fairly rough -- may come back and edit or write a sequel if there's any interest.

Warning: this story contains messing.

Megan and Abby's Sloppy Night

"Hurry up Megan, we're going to be late!"

Abby stood impatiently outside Megan's room, arms folded and a scowl on her face, waiting for her roommate to finish getting ready for the party. As per usual, Megan was taking her sweet time getting ready, and the punctually minded Abby was not thrilled. Both Abby and Megan were sophomores at a large college with a strong reputation for partying. Megan, a carefree extrovert, relished every opportunity to take advantage of the campus's thriving social life. Abby, on the other hand, was a typical straight-A student who was attending the school for scholarship money and the excellent reputation of its pre-med program. While the two couldn't be more different on paper, they had been randomly paired as roommates for their freshman year and loved living together -- Abby found that Megan coaxed her out of her shell, and Megan found that Abby could help keep her schoolwork on track.

"I'm almost done! Just give me 5 more minutes."

Megan shouted back from inside the bathroom, though the closed door muffled the sound a little bit. Abby sighed and idly scratched at the halo on her head. The night before Halloween was a cause for celebration for the entire campus, as the AEPi chapter threw their annual costume party. Megan, eager to have fun with her straight-laced friend, insisted that her and Abby go in theme together. As a result, Abby felt positively awkward in the tiny angel outfit Megan had picked out for her. The tight white dress hugged Abby's curvy 5'5 frame, accentuating her perky B-cup breasts, before ending well above the knee in a feathery ruffled edge, exposing Abby's alabaster thighs.

The rest of her legs were swallowed by white tights that ran down to her feet, ending in a pair of black high heels. The look was adorned by a halo that sat atop her straight, shoulder-length brown hair. The costume was far more revealing than anything Abby owned in her wardrobe, but Megan insisted she buy it, practically squealing in delight when Abby had emerged from the dressing room uncertainly during their costume shopping trip. Deep down, Abby knew that the dress was flattering, having checked out her ample derriere in the bathroom mirror before Megan came in. Still, she felt a little uncomfortable by just how much it revealed, adding to the steeliness in her voice as she once again checked on Megan:

"Megan, let's go! I don't want to wait outside in the cold like this!"

Suddenly, the bathroom door flew open, and Megan emerged with a beaming grin. "Done!"

As ridiculous as Abby felt in her dress, she was glad she didn't have Megan's outfit on. Megan's 5'9 frame and supple breasts (the subject of many frat conversations around campus) barely had room to breathe in her silky, strapless red dress. Her thighs, tanned from spending so much time outdoors at her home in California, were (to Abby) alarmingly visible, just barely covering her private parts. With a pair of red high heels and a set of devil's ears on top of Megan's frizzy blonde curls, she looked every part the complement to Abby. Abby thought her friend looked breathtaking, and knew that there would be no shortage of drunken frat boys trying to hit on the pair of them. Megan's gleaming smile turned downward for a second as she seemed contemplative.

"Wait, actually one second Abs -- need to take care of some business"

Megan sat down, with the door still open, on the tiny white toilet the two of them shared -- pulling down a skimpy red thong and placing her head on her hands. Abby, standing there with her arms still folded, heard a faint trickle that quickly turned into a torrent as Megan began urinating into the toilet.

"Ugh, Megan, can't you close the door? I don't want to watch you peeing all the time!"

"Quit being such a prude, Abby -- when a girl has to go, a girl has to go."

Sadly, Abby was no stranger to what Megan looked like on the toilet. Megan often left the door wide open while doing her business, and was unashamed of her body's functions. An acidic aroma filled the room as Megan's pee continued and gradually tapered off into nothing.

BRAP!

As Megan's pee died down, her anus open and let out a sizable fart that echoed off the toilet bowl. Megan giggled at the noise while Abby's cheeks flushed red.

"Seriously Megan, you are so gross sometimes," admonished Abby. "I wish these frat boys could see what came out of your body."

"I can't help it!" said Megan, "I had Chipotle for lunch, and you know what that does to me!"

Abby just sighed again and shook her head. Whenever Megan had Mexican food for lunch, she tended to blow up their toilet the next day -- Abby had plenty of experience plugging her nose in the shower after Megan had one of her post-burrito "evacuations".

"Can you hurry up and finish? We don't have time for you to go number 2 right now Megan."

"Okay," Megan said with a pouty frown. She flushed the toilet and Abby looked away as her frothy yellow urine circled the bowl before getting whisked away. "Hmm, looks like I need to hydrate" Megan pondered aloud.

"You can 'hydrate' on all the crappy Keystone Light at the party," Abby shot back.

Megan laughed and walked out of the bathroom without washing her hands. "Let's take a shot before we go!"

Abby grimaced; she wasn't used to "taking shots". Still, she wanted to make Megan happy and let loose a little bit. Megan walked over to the vodka kept tucked away in the corner of the room, poured healthy quantities into two empty red solo cups, and thrust one into Abby's reluctant hand.

"Cheers!" Megan said. "To making memories that will last a lifetime!"

###

Two hours later, Abby was standing in a packed frat house. The wooden floors were sticky with spilled beer and other suspicious dried liquids while costumed college kids danced to loud, thumping house music. Abby, still uncomfortable about the whole scene, was finding it easier and easier to drink as the night went on as a way of relieving anxiety. Meanwhile, Megan was in her element, grinding up against a senior dressed up like a fireman with her red thong slightly visible in the dim light of the party as her dress rode up further and further on her body. Abby fended off a drunken advance by a man stumbling around in a green morph suit, and went over to where her friend was dancing. Megan, seeing her friend, immediately disentangled from the disappointed fireman and came over.

"Abby! Why aren't you dancing!"

Abby raised an eyebrow at her friend -- she was not fond of dancing, especially not in an environment like this. Before she could respond, however, the fireman returned with two solo cups and offered them to Abby and Megan with a smile. Megan gleefully accepted, and immediately began downing her beverage. Abby, a bit more skeptical, eyed the murky liquid and took a sip.

"Blech! This tastes horrible!"

The drink was extremely strong, and the scent of unfiltered vodka was not masked by the meager amount of chaser inside the cup. Abby was about to put it on the couch to her right where a cowboy and cat were making out until she caught Megan's eye. Reluctantly, Abby brought the drink up to her mouth, and began sipping. All of a sudden, she felt pressure on the bottom of the cup and nearly the whole drink came pouring in to her mouth. Abby yelped and guzzled the liquid before it could spill on her, and looked up at Megan, who was grinning mischievously as she pushed the drink down Abby's throat.

"Megan!"

Abby started to admonish her friend, but felt her head get light and airy. All of a sudden, she and Megan were both laughing at the situation. "More drinks!" Megan yelled and the pliant fireman ran to refill their beverages as she and Abby started dancing together. The man returned once more, and Abby and Megan clinked cups before downing them in one gulp.

###

Two more hours had passed, but Abby was having the time of her life. After a few more drinks with Megan, she had confidently stayed on the dance floor and even allowed a junior dressed like a vampire to grind up against her ass as Megan whooped and watched. She was far drunker than she could ever remember being, but she was having the time of her life. All of a sudden, Abby noticed Megan had disappeared. Dazed, she looked around for her friend, and saw her stumbling back with yet another drink.

"Abby! I got this for you!"

Abby sluggishly moved to accept the drink as Megan handed it over with a vacant smile plastered on her face. As the music throbbed and the room spun around her, Abby all of a sudden noticed that she needed to pee. Usually, she had a very big bladder, made strong by late-night study sessions fueled with coffee and tea. However, the six or seven (or eight) drinks she had had were starting to catch up with her. Grimacing, she rubbed her overfull bladder with one hand while clutching the drink with the other. Looking up, she saw Megan still staring at her with the same expression.

"Abby, come on! Cheers!" Megan slurred. Not waiting for Abby, she immediately began to guzzle down the drink.

Abby was finding it too hard to concentrate and rationally arrive at a reason to say no. As she drank the liquid Megan had handed to her, she felt her urethra twinge in protest, but she willed it to stop. As she wiped her mouth after finishing her drink, she saw Megan stumbling toward the corner of the room toward a group of guys with a giant keg next to them. Before she could go over to stop her friend, she heard cheering.

"Drink! Drink! Drink!"

Two men, one dressed as a rabbi and the other as a pirate, were holding Megan's feet as she stood on her hands. Her red thong was visible to everyone, and the two guys holding her up were taking not-so-sneak peeks at the tiny cloth concealing her womanhood. Megan did not notice this as she was focused on one thing: drinking as much liquid as she could from the keg. The crowd was cheering loudly, both at Megan's drinking prowess and her skimpy undergarments, as Abby looked on in horror realizing she had to rescue her friend.

"Hey! Get out of the way!"

Abby shoved her way past a referee and a princess to get to her friend. By the time she got there, Megan was lying on the ground, exhausted from the kegstand as the guys around her kept cheering. Abby realized suddenly that Megan may be too far over her limit.

"Hey Megan, how are you feeling? Are you okay?" Abby slurred her words out as she stumbled, trying to keep the world in focus. Megan, unresponsive, mumbled out a few words that Abby struggled to hear over the vibrating music.

"Bathroom...take me to the bathroom...." Megan said nearly inaudibly. Abby realized that her friend was about to vomit up all the drinks the nice fireman had procured, and flew into mother hen mode.

"Hey! Move! My friend needs to go to the bathroom!"

Abby shouted at the crowd, who wasn't paying much attention, as she hoisted her friend up and slung her around her shoulder. Luckily for the pair, the bathroom was right off the dance floor, with a line made up by a witch and Wonder Woman. Abby kept her friend around her shoulder and observed the women in front of them. The witch, at the front of the line, was bouncing from leg to leg and clutching herself in desperation. Wonder Woman, on the other hand, looked as drunk as Abby felt, with a glazed over expression and standing perfectly still.

"Hurry up! I'm about to lose it!"

The witch was pounding on the locked bathroom door as Abby looked on in worry. She didn't want Megan, who currently had her eyes closed slumped around Abby's smaller frame, to throw up outside the bathroom. She had heard of a few people who did that and were never invited back to the frat; nothing could devastate Megan more than lifetime banishment from the party scene on campus. Seeing the witch hopping around also reminded Abby of her own desperation. She now realized just how overfull her bladder was, with eight (or nine or ten) drinks swimming around inside. Unlike Megan, she hadn't used the bathroom before she left, and she was positively desperate. As she stood there trying to take her mind off her need to urinate, a meaty stench filled her nostrils. She looked over at Megan on her shoulder, who still had her eyes closed, but was grinning.

"Oh God" Abby thought. "It looks like the Chipotle is rearing its ugly head now."

She just hoped the line wouldn't take that long.

###

15 minutes had passed, and Abby was still impatiently waiting outside the bathroom. The witch had gone in, done her business, and came out looking satisfied. However, Wonder Woman had lurched into the bathroom right after she came out and locked the door. 10 minutes had passed without her coming back out, and Abby was starting to get nervous. She was now squeezing her legs shut as tightly as she could, trying not to release her overfull bladder all over her white tights and the sticky frat floor. Every so often, she would catch a whiff of a rotten eggy smell coming from her blonde beauty friend's behind, and she would plug her nose. Still, the small miracle was that Megan had not puked her guts out all over the frat house floor, though Abby was worried that moment was imminent.

"Hey! Hurry up in there! It's an emergency!"

Abby shouted and pounded on the door for the umpteenth time. As drunk as she was, she wasn't sure she could hold on to her urine much longer. She had only been this desperate once in her life. Back in high school, Abby ran varsity cross country in order to boost her resume for college. During one meet, she had forgotten to "go" before the race started, and ended up 3 miles in absolutely desperate for a pee. She tried to ignore it for as long as possible before her tired bladder let go a mile from the finish line and hot sticky urine pooled down her legs and dripped into her immaculate white running shoes. Luckily, it was raining slightly, and she managed to get to her car before anyone noticed. Still, she cried on the way home and had to throw out her pretty shoes that were stained a dull yellow after her accident -- she was not eager to repeat that incident.

"Please, open the door! My friend is sick!"

Abby groaned and pounded the door as hard as she could. The commotion attracted the attention of the fireman from earlier, who heard the noise and came over.

"Hey, what's wrong? Is everything okay over here?"

"No!" Abby cried, one hand draped over her friend with the other jammed firmly in her crotch. "My friend and I have to use the bathroom, and someone has been in there for 10 minutes!"

The fireman, drunk as well, frowned and assured Abby not to worry. He put his drink down on the floor, took two steps back from the door, and slammed against it with all of his might. The sudden force and loud slamming noise scared Abby, and a tiny spurt of pee escaped from her quivering lips.

"What are you doing?"

"I live here," the fireman replied, "and this door is really flimsy. It's easy enough to replace, and we need to get you ladies in there!"

Abby, in her drunken state, agreed that it was a good idea and watched as the fireman slammed himself against the door repeatedly. All of a sudden, the door burst open, and the loud noise attracted a decent crowd of partygoers. The fireman held the detached frame steady, leaned it against the wallframe, and stepped in confidently with a desperate Abby and Megan in tow.

Inside, there was a small dirty toilet and a shower concealed by a curtain. Abby looked around for the girl in the Wonder Woman costume before spotting one blue boot poking out from behind the curtain.

"The girl is in the shower!" Abby yelled to the fireman.

The fireman yanked the curtain open to reveal the costumed Wonder Woman, sleeping out on the floor with her head by the water spout. Before she could make it to the toilet, she had stumbled in to the shower and passed out on the ground. Abby looked more closely at her blue tights and saw that they were dark around the crotch region. A sizable yellow puddle lay on the shower floor -- Wonder Woman had passed out and pissed her panties.

"Gross," the fireman exclaimed, "this chick just pissed her pants!"

The crowd, which had formed during the door getting kicked in, excitedly ran in to see. Wonder Woman was unfazed and didn't wake up as college kids rushed in, some laughing at the sight and others getting angry. She kicked a leg up unconsciously and brought it back down, splashing the puddle she had made underneath her as several kids yelled.

Meanwhile, Abby felt bad for the girl, but needed to get her friend to the toilet. Unfortunately, since the door had been kicked in there was absolutely no privacy, but Abby was too drunk to care. "Come on Megan," she said to the sleeping girl on her shoulder, "let's get you to the bathroom."

Megan, unconscious herself, mumbled gibberish in response. Abby pushed forward, placed Megan on the floor next to the toilet with her head next to the rim, and waited in agony as her desperation became paramount.

Megan, meanwhile, was not moving. Her had was resting over the toilet bowl, with the rest of her body slumped on the ground and her sizable rump pointing up toward the sky. Her dress had ridden up, exposing a tan ass with a red thong nestled in the buttcheek. Abby caught a whiff of the smell from earlier as she held herself by the sink, and frowned.

"Wait," she thought to herself, "what if Megan doesn't have to throw up, but instead..."

SPLORT! A loud fart attracted the crowd's attention, and a few people chuckled as they saw the devil girl ass up with her head by the toilet. However, the wet fart was not the end of the evacuation, and the crowd gasped as the farts continued.

BRAP BRAP SPLORT! All of a sudden, the eggy farts stopped with the final fart sounding substantive. Megan's smile turned into a grimace, and her tiny red thong ballooned outward as a turd the size of a softball began emerging from her behind. The thong could only take so much before cutting Megan's production in half, and her rapidly emerging poop slapped down on to her buttcheeks, leaving a brown residue up and down her behind. The crowd reeled in disgust as a meaty smell filled the air, with some leaving for fresh air and others taking a video.

"Megan! No!" Abby started yelling at her friend to stop messing her pants, before realizing that her own desperation was reaching a tipping point. Her bladder, tired and startled by Megan's evacuation, was releasing with Abby barely struggling to contain it.

"No!" Abby wailed as the dime sized wet spot on her panties began rapidly expanding. She was losing control, and she only had one option. In her alcohol addled mind, the toilet was right there, and she NEEDED to use it regardless of who was watching.

The crowd, still in disgust at the beauty pooping her pants on the ground, were shocked to see Abby move from the sink to the toilet. As she moved, her overtaxed urethra was letting out spurts of urine. The golden liquid fell on Megan's back, wetting the back of her dress, as Abby struggled to move her friend's head from the rim, ripped off her stained panties, and started pissing in to the toilet in front of the awed crowd.

"Ahhhhh", Abby let out a moan of relief. With her eyes closed, not a care in the world, Abby was finally letting her bladder go. Despite her small accident, she was happy that she had finally made it to the toilet after hours of control. As the drinks left her body, Abby noticed that her bottom felt warm and wet. Confused, she opened her eyes, and screamed at the sight in front of her.

"Ahhhh!!!"

In her haste to make potty, Abby had closed the lid on the toilet, and in her drunken stupor failed to notice. Instead of the pee falling neatly into the tiny white bowl, it was spreading out on the lid and getting her ruffled white dress all yellow. The excess was spilling on to Megan on the floor, who was sleeping peacefully with a full log in her panties and her roommate's urine falling on to her head and back.

Abby jumped up and tried to stop peeing, but couldn't regain control. With her underwear down in front of a leering crowd of college kids, Abby pissed freely on to her nice white tights and down into her pretty high heels. After what seemed like an eternity, her pee died down and she was left sobbing.

"Come on, let's get you girls home." The fireman from earlier with a sympathetic look on his face cut through the stunned crowd to a crying Abby and passed out Megan. Abby left with a still sleeping Megan, crying, as the fireman gently consoled her for the stinky walk back to their dorm.

###

That's it! Still a little rough, but happy to take suggestions and feedback.

