The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 2

Автор: Caraxes

*030*2023-03-16 02:49

Hi all, as further apology for the long hiatus, here is chapter 10. Warning, there is some messing.

Chapter 10: Heading Home for the Holidays

“You want to go all the way to Lockport to see A BOY?!” April exclaimed in disbelief, unsure how to process what her older sister was saying. “That’s an hour out of the way! Mom will be PISSED if we miss dinner tonight!”

“Please April,” Sarah begged from the driver’s seat. “I’ve been obsessed with Jackson for literal years! Him inviting me to his Christmas Party is such a good sign! I have to attend!”

“Hasn’t he been jerking you around all fall?” April asked, rolling her eyes, feet lounging on the dash of Sarah’s beaten up Corolla. “Isn’t this the guy who was into Ronnie and then when he finally started showing interest in you made out with some other girl in front of you? That’s douchebag 101… just let him go!”

“I can’t, April! I have to see it through! Maybe I can catch him under some mistletoe…” Sarah said wistfully, thinking of the possibilities that the party would bring her.

“Is this why you dressed so nicely for a car ride home?” April asked bemused, sizing up Sarah’s outfit. She had been surprised when her older sister had shown up to pick her up from her school in a full face of makeup. The wasian girl was wearing a stylish red sweater under her puffer coat and a cute pair of white jeans that did wonders for her figure that she had apparently bought on her recent New York Trip a few weeks prior. April had been confused since they normally both wore sweats on long car rides, and they were still a whole 4 hour drive from their hometown. April was wearing grey sweatpants and a baggy purple sweatshirt emblazoned with her college’s crest; the eighteen year old had just finished her first semester of university.

“I did not just dress like this for him,” Sarah protested futilely. “I dressed like this for dinner with mom!”

“Which we’re not going to make it to if we go to Lockport…” April added, exasperated.

“Oh shut up, please April? If you help me out, I’ll help you tell Mom and Dad that you’re not doing well in any of your courses.

April cringed inwardly. It was true. She had barely passed 3 of her courses and failed the other 2. She was going to need Sarah’s support to stave off some of her parents fury.

“Fine,” she conceded after a moment. “But you better really sell how much you struggled in first year and how much it get me easier later.”

“Deal lil sis, but you seriously need to party less and study more,” Sarah chided.

“Oh shut up, you partied just as much as me in first year. You just had Ronnie to help you pass every class,” April shot back.

“Whatever,” Sarah deflected, secretly happy to be back bantering with her sister. The two of them had grown way closer in the last year as April had matured and Sarah had missed her all fall. “Wanna stop soon for milkshakes?”

“Only if you’re paying,” April responded cheekily.

“Fine, but only because I want one and you’re a broke ass bitch,” Sarah retorted sassily, earning herself a punch from her sister.

——-

After 20 more minutes of driving, Sarah pulled off the highway into a plaza with a milkshake place that she’d stopped at on several commutes home. Despite being lactose intolerant, she loved the milkshakes from here. They were worth taking her lactose pills and a bit of stomach discomfort.

After parking in the parking lot, April excitedly leapt from the car and stretched aggressively. “Fuckkkkk, it feels good to move again,” she moaned.

“Don’t be so weird with the noises you make,” Sarah said, giggling at her sister’s usual lack of shame in public.

“Who cares?! There’s no one around,” April replied with a laugh. “I really hope there’s a bathroom, I’m boutta piss my pants!”

“Don’t be so dramatic,” Sarah said, shaking her head at her little sister’s penchant for exaggeration. “It’s only funny to joke about until it actually happens.”

“You’ve pissed yourself?!” April exclaimed in surprise as she pulled open the door into the milkshake shop.

“Shhhh,” Sarah quickly hissed, shushing her sister’s announcement to everyone inside. “Yes, it happened to me when I was absolutely plastered and belligerent on Labour Day! But it’s definitely not unusual for people my age! Basically all of my friends have had an accident this Fall semester.”

“You’re all insane, I don’t believe you. There’s no way Ronnie would stoop that low,” April replied, scrunching up her face into a look of disgust.

“Oh my Lord, stop with your Ronnie worship,” Sarah joked, rolling her eyes. “You’re right though, Ronnie is the only one of us who hasn’t had an accident. We actually have a board in the kitchen tracking it. We call it the Piddle Pants Club. You’ll see it if you come and visit next semester!”

“You guys are so fucking lame!” April teased. “My friends could definitely drink yours under the table, none of them have had an accident since they were in diapers. We just take slashes in the street if it’s dire enough!”

“And you wonder why Mom thinks you’re hanging with the wrong crowd…” Sarah said. “You go piss, I’ll order.”

Flipping her sister off, April disappeared towards the hallway at the back of the store emblazoned with a washroom sign over it. Sarah pulled out her phone and began scrolling through her Instagram feed to pass her time in line. However, moments later, April returned to the line and jabbed her sister in the side with a finger.

“The bathrooms are closed. There’s a sign on the door saying they’re having a drainage problem,” she complained, letting out an exasperated sigh.

“Oh shit, can you hold it until we find somewhere else to stop,” Sarah asked, glancing out the window towards the rest of the plaza and searching for anything that might have accessible washrooms.

“Yeah, I’ll be good for at least another hour,” April said. “I can hold my pee, unlike someone I know.”

Sarah punched her sister lightly on the arm before advancing once again in the line.

——

30 minutes later, the sisters were back on the freeway slurping down on the last of their milkshakes. Sarah had chosen the chocolate fudge flavour that had been her favourite since she had discovered the place and the delicious sweet taste had been exactly what she had been craving. Unfortunately, the undesired side effect of her lactose intolerance was rising to the forefront as her stomach started to gurgle ominously due to her blatant disregard of her bodies needs. Sarah hated that this was how her body reacted, but she often chose to ignore the feeling when she truly craved certain dairy products. Besides, once she took a lactose pill she’d be fine. Turning to her sister, Sarah asked her to grab one out of the glove box in front of her.

April opened the glove box and began moving items around, lifting up spare napkins and cutlery in an attempt to find the bottle of pills. Finally, she found it beneath Sarah’s winter gloves.

“Fuck sis, your glove box is a disaster,” April said, unscrewing the cap and peering in. Suddenly she let out a worried gasp.

“What is it?!” Sarah asked, concerned.

“The bottle is empty Sarah!”

“Fuck!” Sarah growled, shocked that she had been stupid enough not to refill her stash when she had finished it. This ride was going to get very hard for her churning stomach as she began to feel a gassy pain in her intestines. She had always hated the feeling of air bubbles in her belly as the dairy made itself known. She was going to have to endure it though, if they were going to arrive in time to see Jackson before they headed home.

April wasn’t doing much better herself. Her inability to pee at their stop was coming back to nag her, as she sat in the passenger seat with her legs crossed over each other tightly. She hoped they’d get to Jackson’s soon, but she knew they were still at least 2 hours away from Lockport, Jackson’s hometown. She knew she could wait that long since her mom hated stopping on long car rides so she’d been forced to hold it a lot as a kid. She had always made it, with only a few close calls, and she was certainly not in bad enough shape for it to pose a real issue. Nevertheless, she certainly wanted to take her mind off of her need.

“Let’s blast some Taylor Swift and do a sing along,” April said to her sister, connecting her phone to the aux cord and beginning to scroll through her Spotify queuing up various bangers. “It might help you ignore your stomach pains, sis.”

“Yeah, let’s hope this traffic isn’t too bad and we can make it there by 4 o’clock,” Sarah replied.

“Optimistic prediction, no way we can make it there in 2 hours,” April replied as Anti-Hero began to blast through the car.

“Damn, I hope you’re wrong,” Sarah muttered under her breath. Her stomach rumbled in agreement.

——

At 4:03pm, the two sisters finally arrived in Lockport, Massachusetts. Snow had started to fall in earnest, swirling around the car until Sarah had to turn on the windshield wipers. After ten minutes of winding through suburbs off of the interstate, the girls pulled up across the street from a large modern house set far back from the curb with pillars on either side of the door, massive windows and a life sized statue of a deer on the lawn.

“Wow, you didn’t tell me your obsession was RICH!” April exclaimed. “I totally get it now!”

“Shut up April, that’s not why I like him!” Sarah retorted.

“Why do you like him then?” April asked. “It just sounds like he treats you like shit.”

“He does not treat me like shit!” Sarah exclaimed defensively. “When we met back in first year, he was super sweet to me and took me under his wing in my Econ class where I knew no one. We always used to study together and get bubble tea after class. We’ve been friends ever since and I party with him like every weekend.”

“So what I’m hearing is he’s had a million chances to make a move and he’s never taken any of them. I’m sorry sis, but this boy is a lost cause,” April said, immediately regretting how this came across slightly harsh as she saw her sisters face fall.

“Sometimes it just takes boys awhile to realize what’s right in front of them,” Sarah said, the hurt distinguishable in the tone of her voice. Turning away from her sister, she rang the doorbell.

Nearly instantaneously, the door swung inward revealing a tall woman in her fifties with greying blonde hair. She was clad in an ugly green Christmas sweater depicting Santa mooning some elves from the back of his sleigh.

“Welcome to the annual Gallaway Christmas Party ladies!” she exclaimed excitedly. “I’m Mrs Gallaway but you can call me Cheryl! One of you must be the nice girl that Jackson talks so much about.”

Shooting her sister an ‘I told you so’ look, Sarah quickly introduced herself and shook Cheryl’s outstretched hand. Cheryl bubbled with excitement at meeting her son’s friend and led them into the foyer. April was stunned by the size of the house on the inside, and she admired the grand staircase leading up to the second floor, the impressive modern chandelier and the elegant paintings on the wall. Cheryl took their coats and passed them to a smaller boy with blonde curls similar to Jackson’s, asking him to run them upstairs to place on a bed with the other guests. Sarah guessed that this was Jackson’s kid brother Eli. Glancing around, the girls were impressed to see dozens of attendees at the party ranging from teens all the way up to silver haired elderly folk.

“Wow,” Sarah exclaimed to Cheryl, “Are there over a hundred people here?”

“Yes sweetie, we invite our whole extended family, all our close friends, the kids’ friends, their sports teams, the church congregation… we like to be as inclusive and welcoming as possible, especially at the holidays!” Cheryl explained, her excitement barely contained. April cringed inwardly at the woman’s unstoppable bubbliness.

“Let me get you both settled and comfy before Jackson gets back!” Cheryl said, guiding them down some steps towards the basement.

“He’s not here?” Sarah asked, surprised.

“No sweetie, he’s out on the pond down the street playing some hockey with his friends! They’ll be back in 30 minutes or so for carols!” Cheryl beamed.

“Oh… okay, sounds good,” Sarah said, but April could tell her sister was bummed out.

Gesturing to the TV room where a bunch of young adults were watching the movie Elf, Cheryl turned to April. “The kids in there are around your age! My daughter Hazel is in first year and she’d love to take you under her wing.”

April was not remotely excited to have to interact with a bunch of random strangers but she figured she could tough it out for her big sister. She did need to find a bathroom soon, as her urge to pee had only grown further.

“Hazel!” Cheryl called. “Come make April feel welcome!”

A girl pulled herself out from between two people on the couch, crawled over some legs and strode over to her mother. April found herself impressed at how pretty the girl was before she could stop herself from ignoring that thought. She had only recently started to come to terms with her bisexuality but this girl was stunning. Hazel was dressed in a short white dress that left little to the imagination and accentuated her gorgeous long legs. She was wearing a Santa hat over the curly blonde hair just like both of her brothers that was cut in a bob to her shoulders. Her cute button nose and smattering of freckles made April’s heart start to flutter. She quickly suppressed the feelings and went up and introduced herself to the girl. Hazel grinned at her and then turned to her mom.

“Don’t worry Mom, I’ll take good care of her.”

“Perfect sweetie, I’ll take Sarah upstairs and entertain her until Jackson gets back. You kids have fun!”

Sarah smiled at her sister and followed the blonde lady back out of the room and up the stairs leaving April with Hazel and her friends.

“So… where do you go to school?” Hazel asked, sizing up April in her sweatsuit.

April cursed herself for dressing so poorly before replying. “I go to Port Henry College. How bout you?”

“Ahhh the Purple Vultures!” Hazel exclaimed, referencing the school colours and mascot. “You guys are known for your crazy partying! Is it as insane as they say? I got to Greatwestern like my brother Jackson, and we go pretty hard too.”

“It is as off the rails as they say. It’s crazy how many people drink every night of the week! And you should see our football games! We put Greatwestern to shame.”

Hazel raised an eyebrow. “I’m having a hard time believing you’re a partyer Ms Sweatpants!”

“I hold my own! This is my hangover fit, I was out drinking last night,” April instantly retorted.

“Please”, the blonde said, “I could drink you under the table.”

This challenge elicited a cheer from the other young adults sitting on the couch and April found herself compelled to defend her school pride and to impress this pretty girl.

“Challenge accepted,” April said smugly.

Hazel reached under the hem of her white dress and pulled out a flask that was strapped to her thigh. She tossed it to April who caught it in her left hand. Without even asking what the flask contained, she popped the lid off, put the bottle to her lips and tilted her head straight back. The task of cold vodka hit her throat but she didn’t flinch. The dozen other people in the room started whooping and cheering. April’s bladder protested the additional liquid but her pride prevented her from asking where the bathroom was mid challenge. Instead, she crossed her legs and tossed the flask back to Hazel.

“Let’s do this thing! You’re gonna lose, Sweats!” Hazel proclaimed, before knocking some vodka back herself.

___

Sarah’s stomach was gurgling profusely. Having followed Cheryl back up the stairs from the basement, she had been introduced to Jackson’s Aunt Marge, his Pastor and the man who owned the local grocer. She was already overwhelmed and struggling to remember names and she hoped that Jackson would get back from hockey soon to save her from further introductions. She was also flirting with the idea of asking Cheryl where the bathroom was, but the messages from her stomach were getting intense and Sarah was worried about stinking up her hosts’ bathroom. She instead continued to ignore the urges as she shook hands with Jackson’s father, a portly balding man named Stanley.

“Well aren’t you a pretty little thing!” he chortled with a leery voice. “Jackson always keeps such fit girls around him.”

“Oh Stanley, don’t be so gross,” Cheryl chided. “I apologize for my husband, he tries to relive his glory days through Jackson.”

“His glory days…?” Sarah asked, as Stanley waddled away to go bother his neighbours by the kitchen sink.

“Yes sweetie! You wouldn’t know it but Stanley was quite the looker back in the day. He loves to brag about his conquests with the ladies,” Cheryl explained, bubbly as ever.

“That… that doesn’t bother you?”

“Of course not! Boys will be boys!”

Sarah cringed at the usage of that terminology. She hated seeing the man’s unsavoury actions being justified by his own wife, and she really hoped that Jackson would never treat her that way.

“Speaking of boys, shouldn’t Jackson be here soon?” she asked, realizing that the thirty minutes had likely passed.

“Of course sweetie! He should be back any minute now. You know he raves about you right?”

“What does he say?” Sarah asked as she was overcome by a powerful stomach cramp. The lactose was ravaging her intestines and she nearly bent double as she let out a groan. Cheryl took no notice of Sarah’s struggle.

“Oh he’s just always raved about your friendship, ever since your first year! And lately it seems like he might even have a C-R-U-S-H” Cheryl spelled out.

“R-really?” Sarah stuttered, battling the urges from her bowels in order to hear what Cheryl had to say. She knew that she should be asking for a bathroom but she didn’t want to miss this crucial insight into Jackson’s confusing feelings.

“Of course sweetie! I asked him who he’s going to take to the Business Formal in February and he said definitely you!”

“He did?!” Sarah exclaimed, overcome by excitement. “He wants to go with ME??”

“Yes sweetie, he really cares about you!”

Sarah was overwhelmed with happiness at the thought of Jackson finally showing interest. However, as her stomach gurgled again, she realized she had more pressing matters to deal with immediately. She had to poop and she had to poop badly.

“Excuse me Cheryl,” Sarah inquired shyly, “Is there any chance you could show me where the bathroom is?”

“Of course sweetie, I’ve actually been dying for a tinkle myself! I’ll come with you!”

As Cheryl led the way back to the front hall and up the front stairs, she began to talk about her own need for the bathroom. “Oooh I’m so glad you suggested this Sarah! I’ve been absolutely suffering - you know how it is when you host - and I simply haven’t wanted to excuse myself! I really need to get better at that! One day it will come back to haunt me, I’m sure.”

Sarah giggled politely but did not want to think about bathroom negligence coming back to haunt anyone. Her lactose had never made her need to poop this badly before and she was beginning to get scared that she wouldn’t make it.

“You should go first,” Sarah said to Cheryl, not wanting to stink up the bathroom before her host entered it.

“Oh sweetie, you’re a lifesaver!” Cheryl exclaimed, rushing in.

At that moment, someone turned the corner on the stairs landing and came running up, holding hockey skates and a stick.

Sarah found herself standing face to face with Jackson.

——-

April was thoroughly sloshed and very desperate to pee. Hazel and her had gone back and forth taking shots of vodka from Hazel’s flask before her friends had begun pulling out drinks themselves. Soon everyone had become thoroughly intoxicated and many had begun singing Christmas Carols at the top of their lungs and dancing around. All the dancing had allowed April to slightly conceal her desperation as she fidgeted nonstop but she was too drunk and having too much fun to take a bathroom break.

“How doesh everyone have so much alcohol?” April slurred to Hazel.

“It’s been a tradition to sneak a bunch in ever since we were in early high school. It’s way more fun than watching a Christmas movie and mingling with the adults,” Hazel replied, her face flushed red from the drunk and a slight sway to her stance.

“That’s a shmart- smart reason,” April praised, as she collapsed onto the couch.

Hazel collapsed down next to her and put her arm around her shoulder. April found herself enjoying Hazel’s drunken touch . The two of them watched as Hazel’s best friend Amber stumbled through a waltz with a boy that April couldn’t remember the name of.

“I have to piss like a racehorse,” April blurted out suddenly causing Hazel to burst into a fit of giggles.

“Has anyone ever told you it’s so funny how you have no filter?” Hazel teased.

“Oh my god I can’t believe I just said that,” the wasian girl said as she flushed red in embarrassment.

“Don’t worry girl, let’s mission to get you to the bathroom.”

“There isn’t one down here?” April asked, surprised.

“It’s being used for mating purposes,” Hazel said dramatically. “Josh and Katie are totally fucking in there.”

“Ewwww,” April groaned, making a face at her new friend.

“Don’t worry, we can go to the main floor bathroom and get some of the spiked punch while we’re up there,” the blonde replied, grabbing her hand and pulling her towards the door.

April’s bladder was way too full and she could feel it sloshing around inside her. She really hoped that the bathroom would be open or else she was going to be in serious trouble. Unfortunately for April, as they pushed through the kitchen a tall and skinny man blocked their path.

“Hazel,” he said with a firm voice. “Have you been drinking? I can smell the alcohol on you.”

Hazel’s eyes went wide with shock as April realized that this must be Hazel’s pastor.

“No Father, you probably just smell hand sanitizer,” Hazel blurted.

“Don’t try to lie to me Hazel,” he said menacingly. “I will be speaking to your parents about this.”

Hazel looked at him in surprise. “Please no Father, it’s an honest mistake!”

Grabbing her wrist, the pastor began a long rant about underage drinking and the dangers of vice. April was forced to stand there for five minutes and endure the lecture, crossing her legs back and forth the entire time. Finally the pastor let them go and Hazel dragged April towards the main floor bathroom. The girls exited the dining room, hung a left, darted between numerous strangers in the dining room and came face to face with a locked door.

“Shit, sorry April, looks like you’re gonna have to wait! I don’t envy you,” Hazel sympathized.

April’s bladder was throbbing and she started to squeeze her crotch with her left hand as she marched on the spot. Her drunk brain knew that she couldn’t wait any longer and she was beginning to feel panic ride up inside her.

Hazel looked her in her pleading eyes and could see that her new friend wasn’t faring well. “Come upstairs with me, we’ll use the upstairs bathroom before you explode!”

Grabbing the brunette by the hand she raced towards the staircase.

——

Sarah hadn’t listened to her body or acted on her best interests. Jackson had pulled her into a tight hug, dropping his hockey stick and skates instantaneously and she had swooned. He had quickly pulled her down the hall into his room where he began excitedly discussing the game of hockey he had just played on the rink. It was five minutes before Sarah could get a word in edgewise and her bowels were violently fighting her brain to push out massive logs into her white jeans.

“Listen, Jackson, I really appreciate your excitement and I’m so happy to be here but I really need to…”

“Don’t worry, I’m so happy you’re here! I was worried that you wouldn’t come and there’s been something that I’ve really been meaning to tell you,” Jackson said, cutting her off.

“What… what do you want to tell me?” Sarah gasped through her pain, but Jackson seemed to take no notice of her plight, much like his mother.

“Well Sarah… we’ve known each other a long time and I’ve always really valued our friendship. Ever since first year, I’ve really appreciated all the ways in which you’ve supported me. I always looked at you as a very close friend and I owe you an apology for the times I may have overlooked your feelings.”

“Get to the point please,” Sarah muttered under her breath.

“Over the past few months I feel like we’ve gotten to know each other a little bit better and we’ve hung out a fuckton. It made me realize that I like you as more than a friend. I want to… I want to take you out on a proper date.”

Sarah was freaking out. This was exactly the moment she had been dreaming of for years and yet she wanted nothing more than to be anywhere else. The milkshake was wreaking havoc on her bowels and she knew that she’d be shitting her pants in seconds, right in front of the boy she was hoping to be with.

“Jackson, I really appreciate you being upfront about your feelings but now really isn’t a g…” she began, only to be cut off yet again.

“I completely understand if you don’t feel the same way, I just wanted to make sure you know how I felt.”

“Of course I feel the same way!” Sarah exclaimed. “I’m just shocked you’re only coming to this realization now after pursuing Ronnie and Maddy all fall.”

“I’m sorry it took me so long to come to terms with it, I was just nervous about ruining things,” Jackson replied.

“Speaking of ruining things, I really need to…”

Sarah was cut off by Jackson quickly closing the space between them to plant his lips on hers. Sarah stumbled backwards in shock, then leaned into the kiss as jackson cupped a hand behind her head and another hand on her ass. She froze mid kiss realizing that the sudden shock had caused her to put her guard down. As she did so, a warm log slid out between her buttcheeks and hit the cloth of her underwear, tenting out her white pants. Jackson, oblivious as ever, just kept kissing her.

Sarah’s eyes went wide as she took in what was happening and she attempted to shove Jackson off of her. He pulled back, a confused expression on his face.

“What’s wrong?” he asked her, as another log slid out into her white jeans. Then, surprised, he felt a warm mushy substance against his hand that was placed on her ass.

“Are you shitting yourself?” Jackson inquired in disbelief.

Triggered by the question, Sarah immediately burst into tears.

___

Hazel pulled April by the hand towards the second floor bathroom door, before halting abruptly. The door was closed and the light was on, indicating someone inside.

“Damn,” she cursed, “luck really isn’t on your side today, eh April?”

“Fuckkkk,” April groaned drunkenly, a spurt of pee dampening her panties. “I’m going to wet myself Hazel. All the alcohol was a mistake.”

“Don’t focus on it, I’ll distract you,” Hazel said, as she banged on the bathroom door with her free hand. “Hurry up in there, someone out here really needs to pee!”

“I’ll be out in a few minutes,” a muffled feminine voice called back from within the locked room.

“I can’t wait a few minutes,” April whimpered, jumping up and down with both hands jammed deeply into her crotch.

Hazel swore under her breath and then her eyes went wide as an idea hit her. “Come to my room, I have something you can use!”

April dashed down the hall after the blonde, who hurriedly opened the door at the end. The two girls burst into a room that April could only describe as childishly feminine. The walls were painted a pale pink and covered in unicorn posters. The four poster bed in the centre was enclosed in pink silk drapes and the duvet was a darker shade of pink as well. Hazel rushed to one corner, where she plucked an empty floral vase off of a large pink dresser.

“Use this!” Hazel exclaimed, handing it to April.

“No way,” April called back through gritted teeth, as she scissored her legs together violently. “I don’t want you to see me doing that!”

“It’s better than peeing your sweats!”

April couldn’t help but admit that the blonde was right, as mortifying as it was. In one fluid motion, she tore down her sweatpants, positioned the vase below her crotch and released her grip on her bladder. A torrent of pee burst through her underwear into the vase.

Through her underwear?? FUCK!

It was too late to do anything and April simply moaned as relief overtook her, pee pouring into the floral vase. Glancing up, she caught Hazel staring at her saturated panties in surprise, but the blonde quickly looked away. After a solid thirty seconds of peeing, April’s bladder was empty and she pulled the vase away from her crotch to place on the dresser nearby.

“Um, any chance I can borrow some dry panties?” she asked Hazel, who quickly began to fish around in her dresser for a pair. April couldn’t help but notice that the blonde was blushing slightly and acting a bit flustered. What was that about?

April pulled off her pants with her back to Hazel, asking her to look away, and put on the dry panties and her sweatpants.

“I’m so sorry you had to witness that,” April said as she backed towards the door.

Hazel smiled at her and April found herself admiring the girl’s dimples. “It’s seriously fine, Sweats. I’m the one that got you drunk. It happens to the best of us.”

“I’m still mortified though, it’s never happened to me before,” April confessed, beat red with embarrassment.

Hazel stepped closer, her green eyes twinkling. “If anything, you just proved that you are capable of partying hard. I’m starting to think you’re pretty cool.”

April felt her heart fluttering in her chest. This girl was shockingly attractive.

“I think you’re pretty cool yourself,” she replied shyly.

“Well then I guess it’s a good thing you’re standing under mistletoe,” Hazel said with a smirk, before delivering a quick peck directly on April’s lips.

April stood there in shock, not quite sure how to process what had just happened. Hazel was grinning at her broadly, then grabbed her hand.

“Let’s get back to the party, we should see how your sister is holding up.”

——-

30 minutes later, April and Sarah were once again seated in Sarah’s old Toyota Corolla. Sarah’s makeup was streaked all down her face from her tears and she was now wearing a pair of Jackson’s sweatpants, emblazoned with the crest of his hometown hockey team.

“On the bright side, at least you know he likes you!” April reassured her distraught sister for the thousandth time since she and Hazel had found her sister sobbing in Jackson’s room as she waited for him to return from putting her pants in the wash.

“But how will he keep liking me?” Sarah choked out, for the thousandth time as well.

“If he really likes you, a little mishap like this won’t even phase him. You saw the way he jumped into good boyfriend mode to help you out.”

“It’s not a little mishap though! That’s not the kind of thing a guy easily forgets,” Sarah complained.

“But if he can look past it for you, you know he’s the one,” April said, gently rubbing her sister’s back. “Now let’s get heading home so Mom doesn’t freak that we are gonna miss dinner.”

*030*2023-03-23 22:11

Hi all, I wanted to update you all on the fact that I recently put out a spinoff one-shot about Jackson's mom called The Mother's Humiliating Holiday

.

With a new chapter coming tomorrow, I figured it was time for an updated character guide.

Character Guide:

54 Sherbrooke Residents:

Sarah Dalton: This wasian brunette has been going to the gym a lot and therefore has developed a nice butt and a toned body. However, she is not as attractive as much of the group causing her to be insecure. She drunkenly peed herself on Labour Day after getting rejected by her crush Jackson, who she is still pursuing despite him consistently rejecting her. Jackson finally confessed feelings at his Christmas party as Sarah shit herself in front of him.

Veronica (Ronnie): Sarah's best friend and former first year roommate towers over the group at 5 ft 11. The statuesque blonde is generally considered the hottest of the group, with the curves of a model. She is in her 4th year of the business program, majoring in Accounting, and she is currently romantically interested in Ben. As of yet, she has never had an accident.

Jules Shahir: With her Armenian and French Ancestry, Jules has been blessed with extremely unique good looks. At 5 ft 6, with a caramel skin tone and brown hair and a smattering of freckles alongside her green eyes, Jules is extremely pretty. A marketing major, she befriended Sarah and Ronnie in first year but generally her shyness keeps her from branching out. She is Victoria’s upper year mentor and she peed herself in her overalls in the woods during Frosh week. After her mentee Victoria got publicly humiliated, Jules took revenge and in doing so made herself extremely popular.

Carmen Lopez: This self-absorbed hispanic competitive dancer is considered the second most attractive girl in the group. With black hair, a well-endowed chest and an opulent style to compliment her curves, she is highly sought after. She shit herself after anal gone wrong at a house party, but was helped by Ronnie. She cares a lot about her social status and generally dislikes everyone, except Maddy, Laura (her first year roommate) and now Ronnie.Carmen also peed herself on acid in NYC.

Laura: A key striker for the University soccer team, this brunette Chem major tends to dress rather plainly and does not emphasize her looks. She is closest with Erika, her best friend and former lab partner. Carmen was her first year roommate and brought her out of her shell. Maddy made her pee her pants at a party when they were handcuffed together.

Erika O’Sullivan: This shy freckled ginger is closest with Laura, her best friend and former lab partner in the Chem program. She owns a Green Volkswagen Beetle, which she uses to go see her family. She is a mostly closeted lesbian and recently made a rejected move on Carrie. She peed herself at the Halloween Dance dressed as a Washing Machine.

Other Important Fourth Years:

Carrie Campagna: This petite Italian brunette has been friends with Ronnie since high school. When Sarah had an accident on Labour Day, she drunkenly kissed Carrie. Carrie has been in denial of those feelings. She then peed herself at a music festival in front of Sarah and Ronnie.

Maddy Dillinger: This curly haired brunette 4th year business student works as a TA for several first year courses. She is the ex-girlfriend of Victoria’s older brother, David, and on the same dance team as Carmen. She cruelly caused Victoria to have an accident during a business case and Laura to pee herself when they were handcuffed together at a party. On Halloween, she hooked up with Sarah’s crush Jackson.

First Years:

Victoria Richardson: Victoria was the most popular girl in her high school and it caused her to act vapid and shallow. In her first year of the business program, she has been assigned Jules as her mentor. During frosh week, she shit herself in the woods. Then during a business case, her friends and Maddy made her pee herself and posted it online. This crushed her confidence and caused her boyfriend to dump her. She is starting to realize she needs to surround herself with better people. Her confidence is improving due to Jules taking revenge on her behalf and humbling her bullies.

Hannah: This brunette is a manipulative leech, who uses her friends to climb the social ladder and cares about nothing other than sex and partying. She betrayed her friendship with Victoria by posting her pee accident online. She lost her popularity due to Jules’ revenge.

Bella: This chronic blonde follower has never had an original thought and just does what her popular friends tell her. She betrayed her friendship with Victoria by posting her pee accident online.She lost her popularity due to Jules’ revenge.

April Dalton: Sarah’s kid sister attends Port Henry College. She is struggling in school due to her crazy partying and she is bisexual. She has a crush on Hazel.

Hazel Gallaway: Jackson’s blonde lesbian sister.

The Boys:

Jackson Gallaway: Jackson is the popular and attractive crush of Sarah, with blonde curls and warm blue eyes. He is into Ronnie and recently made out with Maddy. Nevertheless, he hangs out with Sarah constantly and tends to lead her on. Recently though, he finally confessed feelings to Sarah.

Ben: A nerdy black student with glasses has been Ronnie’s friend since first year and they are both in denial about their feelings for one another.

*031*2023-03-24 16:20

This story was supposed to come out at New Years. It deals with Carrie finally addressing her interest in Sarah. It is the final chapter in the first part of what will be a two part series. It has no messing.

Chapter 11: New Year, New Beginnings

The snow blew around Carrie’s parents’ car as she parallel parked it on the side of Mulberry Avenue across from her older sister’s apartment building. Dressed in a gold crop top and black jeans, the petite Italian brunette was ready to party her face off for New Years.

“I can’t believe you didn’t bring a coat,” her friend Ronnie remarked from the passenger seat. The tall blonde looked splendid lounging in her leather jacket, red top and blue jeans. She had been very unprepared when Carrie had shown up to her house at the agreed time since her dinner with her parents had run long. She was now touching up her eyeliner in the sun visor mirror as last minute prep for the party.

“I don’t need a coat,” Carrie replied. “I’m going to be too drunk to feel the cold. Worst case scenario, I’ll just borrow one from some boy.”

Ronnie rolled her eyes. Carrie had been refusing to bring a coat anywhere since they were in their first year of high school. Now, nearly eight years later, it was hard for Carrie to surprise her anymore. “I’ll make fun of you when you ask to borrow my jacket later on,” she said, earning a glare from the petite brunette.

The two girls disembarked from the vehicle, the snow crunching beneath their feet, and strode towards the building. The structure was an old brick apartment building in the student ghetto near Boston College, where Carrie’s sister Bianca was completing her masters in biotechnology. Ronnie reached the door first and opened it for Carrie, who entered the foyer first. She carefully keyed in the code to call up to her sister to buzz them in and the two girls waited patiently. She really hoped there would be some cute guys at the party. She needed someone, anyone, to take her mind off of Ronnie’s roommate Sarah. After their kiss back on Labor Day, Carrie had been struggling to get the girl off her mind. But she wasn’t bi, right?

“Do you think Erika and Laura beat us here?” Carrie asked, trying to take her mind off Sarah. The question earned a shrug from Ronnie. Carrie had extended the invite to Erika and Laura as they all had been becoming closer friends through their time together in the first semester. Conveniently, the two girls also lived in the Boston area unlike their other friends from college. Erika and Laura were best friends from first year and had agreed to commute there together.

Finally, Bianca’s voice sounded over the intercom. “Come on up sis! Ronnieeee I’m so excited to see you!”

Two minutes and an elevator ride later, the girls were knocking on the door of room 636. In a flash, the door swung open revealing another petite Italian girl. Bianca squealed in delight and pulled the two girls into a tight hug. Bianca was 5’2 and even more bubbly and excitable than Carrie. Her hair was dyed a bright platinum blonde and she was dressed in a green dress that hugged her excellent figure.

“Ronnie, how’ve you been? I missed you more than Carrie,” Bianca squealed, squeezing the blonde as tightly as she could. This earned an eyeroll from Carrie who had always hated the way her sister fawned over her closest high school friend. Ronnie and Bianca stepped to the side to continue their excited conversation and Carrie found herself stepping past them into the party. As she did so, a black cat rubbed up against her left leg, purring.

“Mr Whiskers!” Carrie called excitedly, scratching her sister’s cat under the chin. She loved cats and was glad for the distraction. As she stroked the cat, a handsome dark haired young man stepped forward to take her coat and Carrie instantly recognized him as her sister’s boyfriend Fabio.

“How’ve you been?” he asked her politely and she was relieved to be able to tell him about school, if only to distract from her current annoyance with her sister.

“Carrie!”

Carrie found herself enveloped in a tight double hug from behind. Turning around, she found herself face to face with the brunette Laura and the ginger Erika, her friends from Greatwestern University.

“Thanks so much for inviting us! Everyone here is so cool!” Carrie glanced around as Laura said this and saw that Bianca’s apartment was packed with people clearly having fun. There was a table of beer pong in the dining area and a couple dozen people dancing to party music in the living room. It was only 9pm but everyone was already quite sloshed.

“The decorations are amazing too,” Erika remarked as she pointed out the golden streamers and balloons spelling out 2023. Carrie was impressed to see that her sister had gone all out this year.

“Bianca has always been one to host a good party,” Carrie admitted in admiration. “Thanks for coming guys! Let’s get drunk!”

——-

Twenty minutes later, Carrie was bracing herself for her third shot of the night. She was already starting to feel the effects of the tequila and her gold top kept sliding down her chest, threatening to reveal her nipples to the crowded apartment. She scrunched up her face in disgust as she prepared for the shot, wishing that Bianca had limes as chase.

“C’mon Carrie, don’t pussy out!” Laura was shouting from the other side of Erika. Erika, for her part, also seemed disgusted by the thought of yet another shot in quick succession. Bracing herself, Carrie cheers’d her friends and knocked it back. Suppressing the gag, she noticed that Ronnie had finally broken away from Bianca and her friends.

“Oh good, now we’re four! Let’s play some beer pong!” Carrie exclaimed.

“Carrie, they’re not just gonna let us butt the line,” Erika chastised her. “Two of us are gonna have to challenge the winners!”

Taking this into account immediately, Ronnie quickly strode over to one of the guys playing and told him that she and Carrie were up next.

“Alright,” the guy said flirtatiously, clearly impressed by Ronnie’s good looks. “But we’re going to absolutely smoke you guys. Hope you’re prepared to lose!”

“Oh I don’t lose,” Ronnie replied earnestly.

Sure enough, five minutes later the guys that Ronnie had spoken to had defeated their opponents. Ronnie and Carrie were beckoned to the table and Carrie discovered that the two guys were named Trent and The Wizard. The Wizard had a crazy look about him and refused to elaborate why that was his nickname but Trent seemed nice enough, even if he was all over Ronnie.

The game started poorly for the girls as the guys hit two cups on their first shots, earning balls back. They proceeded to hit a third shot before the girls had even had a chance to shoot themselves. Carrie was annoyed that these fratty boys were already kicking their asses and she felt herself locking into her competitive side. There was no way she was going to lose this game.

“Impressive, but this is far from over.” Ronnie echoed Carrie’s thoughts perfectly as she remarked on the boys’ early prowess.

“You wish,” The Wizard replied saucily. “We’re undefeated so far tonight.”

“The key words being ‘so far’,” Carrie challenged.

Sure enough, the girls were able to claw their way back into the game over the next 3 terms, so that the boys only had one more cup to hit while they only had 2.

“Hey, could I get a celebrity shot?” A random Asian guy stepped forward out of the crowd to ask the classic party question. Carrie smiled as Ronnie rolled her eyes, annoyed that someone would ask to shoot for her at such a crucial point in the game. On the other hand, Carrie thought the guy was kind of cute.

“You can shoot for me,” Carrie offered, winking at him. “I’m not any good under pressure.”

“Dope!” the Asian guy replied. “I’m Mark by the way.”

“Nice to meet you Mark, I’m Carrie.” Ronnie shook her head, her competitive side perturbed that Carrie was letting a total stranger attempt to help them win.

Thankfully, with a kiss on the ball for luck from Carrie, Mark hit his shot to whoops from the crowd. Ronnie gave him a nod of appreciation before lining up her own shot carefully.

“Same cup,” she called, before launching the ball into the exact cup that Mark had hit. The crowd went insane and Carrie screamed in excitement. With only two cups remaining and calling ‘same cup’ counting for three cups, the boys were now sent to double redemption. This meant that they both had to hit their next shots.

The Wizard lined his shot up and drained it with calm poise. He turned to Trent and gave him a firm pat on the back, hyping him up. Unfortunately for Trent this wasn’t enough to seal the deal as he sent the ball ricocheting off the rim of the last cup and into the corner of the room.

The crowd once again went crazy and Ronnie pulled Carrie into a tight embrace. Mark leaned over, giving the two girls high fives as The Wizard and Trent came around to shake their hands. Carrie laughed at the gloating look on Ronnie’s face as the tall blonde congratulated them on their efforts.

“Can I pour you a shot?” Mark asked Carrie, grabbing her hand and pulling her in the direction of the kitchen. Carrie agreed excitedly, noting that she should probably pop to the bathroom soon. She was already pretty drunk and alcohol always went straight through her.

Mark pulled a mickey of white rum out of the back pocket of his jeans and grabbed two shot glasses off the counter, careful to rinse them in the sink. He then poured until each glass was filled to the brim.

As her brain processed that she was about to consume more alcohol, Carrie felt her bladder spasm in protest. She was beginning to realize she’d need a bathroom break soon if she was going to keep drinking. She’d have to find a way to slip away after the shot.

“So, what are we drinking to?” she asked Mark as he handed her her glass.

Raising his own in the air, he smiled at her broadly. “To our impeccable aim!” he toasted loudly.

Echoing his sentiment, Carrie knocked back the rum and immediately grimaced. This visceral reaction to the alcohol caused Mark to laugh and tease her about it. “You’re cute when you’re trying not to gag.”

Carrie felt a rush of excitement at the compliment. “I’m even cuter when I’m gagging for other reasons,” she shot back.

Mark stared at her, mouth agape, shocked by her boldness. Carrie was appalled at how forward she had been, and turned redder than a tomato.

“I’m sorry, sometimes I blurt things out.”

“Don’t worry,” he replied, stepping closer. His voice dropped to more of a hushed tone. “It’s refreshing for a girl to be the one with the overboard pickup line.”

Overboard? Carrie was mortified! Mark was leaning in, eyes closing slowly, clearly attempting to kiss her… but Carrie wanted nothing to do with it. Swerving the kiss, she pecked one on his cheek and then bolted out of the kitchen into the hallway. As she rushed around the corner, she ran directly into her sister.

In the 45 minutes since they had seen each other last, Bianca had gotten significantly more drunk and she swayed as she spoke to her sister.

“Carrie! Where have you been?”

“Literally nowhere Bianca. Why are you avoiding me?”

“I’m not avoiding you lil sis, I’ve just been mingling,” Bianca countered as she rested an arm on Carrie’s shoulder.

“Whatever, you’re never as excited to see me as you are to see my friends,” Carrie complained, turning to walk away.

“That’s not true,” Bianca complained. “I just hadn’t seen Ronnie in foreverrr. I love you sis!”

“Stop being such a bitch,” Carrie said, pushing Bianca away as she attempted to hug her.

“Is this because I haven’t been coming home much?” Bianca asked as stumbled back into the wall.

“Yeah, you always ditch me for everyone else!” Carrie felt tears welling up in her eyes and she tried to push them back down.

“I’m sorry Carrie, I’ve just been having a hard time getting along with Mom and Dad lately. You know it’s not because of you!”

Carrie finally let her older sister hug her as she collapsed into her arms, tears streaming down her face. It was an immense relief to know that her sister didn’t dislike her and she was grateful they were finally having this conversation, even if drunk. Suddenly, Bianca abruptly broke the hug apart and pushed back.

“I need to piss like a race horse,” she said to Carrie. “Let’s continue this convo in the bathroom.”

Feeling her own bladder tingle at the suggestion, Carrie agreed. Although she was extremely pee shy, which had unfortunately led to an accident in the fall, Carrie had always been able to pee in front of her sister. She looked forward to the feeling of an empty bladder as she followed Bianca down the hall.

As the two sisters arrived to the bathroom door, they found a line of a dozen people stretched down the hallway. Joining at the back, they began discussing their respective fall semesters and the fun times they’d been having as party music pounded in their ears. Standing in line, Carrie felt her need to pee worsening and she crossed one leg over the other as the conversation continued. Carrie watched in fascination as her sister slowly spiralled into a state of utter desperation. The petite blonde had started marching on the spot before progressing to a wiggle. Finally after about 8 minutes, she had begun gripping at her crotch with her left hand. Shooting Carrie a dirty look, she whispered, “Tell anyone about this and I kill you.”

Unfortunately, after ten minutes, the girls had only advanced three spots in line. Carrie wasn’t faring too well but she knew her sister was doing way worse.

“Fuck,” Bianca groaned. “I can’t hold it! Follow me!”

Dashing down the hallway, she darted towards one of the closed doors. Carrie followed at her heels, hoping to god that there was another secret bathroom in this apartment.

Bianca threw open the door, revealing a tiny cramped office. There was a desk against the far wall that was covered in stacks of paper. A bookshelf on one side of the room had a small lamp that was emitting a warm orange glow. Under the desk was Mr. Whisker’s kitty litter box which was emitting a foul odour. It clearly hadn’t been cleaned in awhile. There were also a few sets of shoes on the floor and a stack of dirty plates from meals presumably eaten late at night. All in all, the room was a thorough mess.

“Is this your office?” Carrie asked, wrinkling her nose at the smell. “How will this help?”

“Just shut up,” Bianca called in a panic as she started tossing boots off of the floor onto her desk. Reaching under the desk, she pulled out the last thing that Carrie had expected; the kitty litter box!

Sliding it into the middle of the room, Bianca was frantically dancing out of control. Reaching down, the petite blonde grabbed under the hem of her green dress and yanked it over her head, throwing it into a clump on the bookshelf. Carrie quickly averted her eyes as she realized that her sister wasn’t wearing a bra and was writhing around in nothing but her black lace panties. Her boobs were bouncing around untethered in her raw desperation.

“Don’t be a prude Carrie,” Bianca gasped, as she yanked down the panties and squatted over the litter. With a moan, a torrent of pee burst from her unshaven pussy into the sandy substance below her, emitting a loud hiss. Carrie stared at her sister’s stream transfixed, her own bladder protesting against the display as it urged her to follow Bianca’s example. Carrie jammed her own hand into her crotch and endured the sounds of the deluge. Finally, Bianca’s stream slowed to a trickle. The grey litter substance had been stained a darker shade and steam rose from where the stream was hitting.

“Holy fuck, that was way too close,” Bianca said, as she stood without wiping and yanked up her panties. “Your turn Carrie!”

“Absolutely not, that was simply foul!” Carrie exclaimed, grossed out by her sister’s behaviour. “Why would you even think of that?”

“It’s always been a decent option,” Bianca replied.

“You’ve done it before?” Carrie replied, aghast.

“Sometimes Fabio takes king poops in the evenings and I’m forced to take desperate measures. You see, this one time…”

“Whatever!” Carrie almost shouted, cutting off her sister. “I don’t want to hear about it and I’m not going to be convinced.”

“Your loss sis, just try not to pee your pants!” The nearly nude Bianca took a jab at her sister’s bladder, prompting Carrie to squeal and dodge.

As her sister began to put back on her dress, Carrie told herself that she’d be fine. Her shyness wouldn’t cause her to pee herself again like the concert in the fall. She’d be able to wait until she got to a toilet.

___

30 minutes later, as the clock struck 11:20, Carrie was starting to worry she wouldn’t be able to wait until she could get to a toilet. Returning to the party, she had been sucked into a conversation with Laura and some of her sister’s friends and she had been unable to escape back to the long bathroom line. Never one to interrupt, she had been trying to wait it out. Unfortunately, the other people were fangirling over Laura’s soccer performance over the school year and recounting their experience watching her on TV. Carrie had started to zone out, her mind wandering to the thought of how nice it would be to drop her jeans and fill a toilet bowl with her golden fluids. She imagined the relief, the satisfaction, the sensation of the pee soaking into the crotch of her panties… wait what?

In horror, Carrie realized she had just leaked into her panties without even noticing it was happening. She needed to get to a bathroom right now.

“Laura!” Carrie whispered, tugging on her brunette friend’s sleeve. “Can we pop to the bathroom? I’m absolutely bursting!”

“Yeah sure,” Laura whispered back. “My teeth are floating too, I’ve been needing to go for like an hour. Besides, we can smoke my joint while we do it.”

Carrie was relieved that Laura was so easy to convince. The two girls made their excuses and stepped away, slipping into the hallway to check the line. It still was about 8 people long and progress looked slow.

“I’m not waiting in that,” Laura groaned. “C’mon, let’s pee outside.”

Carrie was not a big fan of this idea but she knew she didn’t have much choice. Her bladder certainly couldn’t wait until that line had moved and she didn’t want to pee her pants, even though she was heavily intoxicated.

Arm in arm, the two girls stumbled to the door and slipped on their shoes. They stepped out of the apartment and approached the elevator. After pressing the button, the elevator doors opened nearly immediately. As they got in, Carrie felt her urge suddenly increase and she grabbed at her crotch.

“Damn, you DO really have to go,” Laura remarked, crossing her own legs and unbuttoning her jeans.

“Yeah, I’ve been putting it off for ages and I definitely had too much to drink.” As if to emphasize her point, the elevator stopped abruptly and the drunken Carrie fell flat on her ass.

This set Laura off laughing, before a look of surprise came over her face and she froze.

“I just leaked,” she whimpered. “Hurry up.”

The two girls rushed across the lobby, pushed through the front doors of the building and rushed out into the cold and snowy winter air.

“Quick, around the side of the building,” Carrie called and led the way back to a secluded area. Near the back of the building, there was a big blue dumpster that held all of the residents garbage. Carrie led the way around and began dancing and fumbling with her belt as she got into the area concealed from the street by the dumpsters shape. Laura walked up behind her, fished her lighter out of her pocket and leaned against the building. Shielded from the wind, she lit her blunt with ease. In seconds, the pungent smell of marijuana hit Carrie’s nostrils as she frantically danced around.

“Fuck, Laura, I can’t get my jeans undone,” Carrie cursed. “Can you please undo my belt for me?”

“Absolutely,” Laura replied. “Here, hold my blunt. Feel free to have a hit.”

Gingerly taking the lit blunt from her fingertips, Carrie took a pull as Laura bent down and began fiddling with her belt. The smoke filled her lungs and Carrie smiled. She had missed the warm comfort of weed. Her bladder panted again for release, but Carrie continued to force herself to stand still as Laura worked at the belt.

“Geez girl, you tightened this so much,” Laura complained as she struggled to undo it. Finally, she managed to get the belt free.

“Thank fuck,” Carrie gasped, quickly passing the blunt back to Laura who took another hit. “Can you stand guard?”

“Sure!” Laura positioned herself so that Carrie was completely shielded from anyone who may walk around the dumpster towards them.

Carrie dropped her jeans and pink lace panties to her ankles, exposing her hairy muff to the cool winter air. Careful to spread her feet a good distance, she squatted down and tried to release her bladder.

“Can you hurry up and go? I really need to go too,” Laura said, crossing her legs and squirming as she continued smoking with her back to Carrie.

Carrie grimaced and tried to force the pee out. She was incredibly desperate, her urethra burning from the intense pressure, and yet she couldn’t relax. Her pee shy nature was coming back to haunt her once again.

“Hey Laura, do you mind please plugging your ears?” Laura immediately obliged, but try as she might, Carrie still couldn’t pee.

“Did you go?”

“No, I’m really pee shy,” Carrie explained. “You go first, I’ll keep watch.”

“Oh thank fuck!” Laura gasped, dropping her already unbuttoned jeans and revealing a pair of blue boyshorts. Carrie was surprised to see that there was a tiny wet spot in the crotch. Laura rapidly yanked those down as well and squatted with a loud moan.

“Holy fuckkkkk,” she gasped as pee flowed out of her, spraying onto the pavement loudly. It began to pool and flow forward, soaking the underside of Laura’s shoes. The brunette didn’t seem to notice or care.

The sound of Laura’s pee made Carrie gasp in need as she maintained her squat. The sound was increasing her need but she still couldn’t get anything to come out. She could only watch helplessly as Laura received the relief that Carrie herself desperately craved.

Finally, Laura’s stream died down to a drip and then a stop. She shook her butt to get some pee off and then pulled up her underwear and pants.

“Still can’t go?” Laura asked sympathetically.

“Nope,” Carrie replied with annoyance. “I think I’m just gonna try again in a bit. Let’s finish your blunt and then get back inside for countdown. I’ll go after.”

With that she too pulled up her pants and the two girls began to pass the blunt back and forth, enjoying the cold night air.

___

Carrie wished she’d been able to pee. They were two minutes from countdown and she was using every muscle in her body to hold back the flood as she gyrated on the dance floor that Bianca’s kitchen had become. The dancing was the only thing that was allowing her to keep control and she knew she’d have to rush to a bathroom immediately after countdown. The copious amounts of alcohol she had

Luckily, Carrie had a foolproof plan. As soon as the countdown was over and everyone was distracted by their New Years’ kiss, she would slip away and use Mr. Whisker’s kitty litter like her sister had done. She just had to wait a little over another minute and she’d be able to relax and go.

“Hey! Hey everyone! Listen up!” Bianca was standing on the coffee table in her living room, Fabio beside her, banging on a champagne flute with a butter knife. Everyone turned to see what the petite faux blonde had to say.

“Thank you all for coming tonight! There’s no other way I’d rather start off a new year. As you know, countdown is about to start! Clue your eyes to someone special and let’s do this thing!”

With that, everyone began to push their way through the crowd towards their significant others or whoever they’d been flirting with all night. Carrie stood still with her legs crossed. She just had to make it like 30 more seconds…

“10… 9…. 8….” Bianca began to shout from her elevated vantage point.

Suddenly, Carrie felt someone grab her arm. Turning in surprise, she found herself face to face with Mark, the nice Asian guy from earlier that evening.

“7… 6… 5…”

“Mark! What’s up…?”

He only smiled at her in response, stepped closer and put his arms around her waist.

“4… 3… 2… 1… HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!” Everyone screamed in excitement and blew into kazoos. People were kissing left and right. Mark pulled Carrie’s petite frame closer, bent down and kissed her.

Carrie panicked. Her plan had been delayed and Mark making a move caught her off guard. In the shock of the moment her bladder betrayed her and she felt a trickle of pee begin to hit her panties.

“Fuck!” Carrie pushed Mark away dramatically. “I’m sorry, I just really need to pee!”

She bolted from the room, pee streaming down her thighs and saturating her jeans a dark blue. She charged down the hallway, through open the door to her sister’s study and began to fumble with her belt. In horror, she realized that the belt was once again stuck!

“Fuckkkk,” Carrie groaned as she began to fully pee her pants. The dark patches that had already reached her knees now expanded down her inner calves. Pee soaked into the tops of her socks and saturated the weird grey carpet. Carrie felt herself sagging in defeat and collapsed sideways in her drunken mess, leaning against the bookshelf for support. As the urine continued to seep into the carpet, Carrie felt a lump well up in her throat. It was the cusp of 2023 and she was already starting it off on the wrong foot. As the emotions overtook her, she wanted nothing more than to leave.

Carrie threw open the door and rushed down the hallway to the front door, pee still coming out into her jeans. The flow was turning into a trickle and she was doing her best to ignore it as she rushed to put on her shoes, not even bothering to tie them.

Leaving the apartment, Carrie rushed to the stairwell instead of the elevator. As she ran down the stairs two at a time, she opened her contact list to the one person who might understand her pain. Hitting the dial button, she waited for the person to pick up. Finally, as she pushed through the door outside into the snowy lane behind the building, she heard someone pick up on the other end.

“Hello?”

“Hey Sarah, do you have a sec?”

There was a long pause on the other end of the line and Carrie felt the realization of what she had done hit her. Why was she calling Sarah? They weren’t THAT close and the other girl was likely occupied at her own New Years celebration.

“Uh… yeah, I’ve got a sec. What’s up?” Sarah finally replied. Carrie breathed a massive sigh of relief.

“Sorry, I’m really drunk. I peed myself tonight and it really upset me and I figured I’d call you to vent.”

There was another pause before Sarah awkwardly replied. “Don’t worry, it happens. You saw me pee myself drunk on Labor Day and you really helped me out. I’d love to return the favour.”

“You already returned the favour when I wet myself at the concert though,” Carrie replied through a sniffle. “I’m sorry, it was stupid of me to call.”

“No, don’t say that. I can hear that you’re upset. And besides, accidents happen. We can’t help it sometimes.” Sarah was doing her best to comfort her friend.

“I know. I just feel like I haven’t been in touch with myself lately and this shit keeps happening,” Carrie cried.

“You keep having accidents?” Sarah asked, surprised.

“No!” Carrie shot back. “I meant I keep ignoring my wants and needs.”

“Oh? Like what?”

Carrie paused, building up her courage as she sat on the curb in her dripping pants. The dampness had gotten clammy and cold and she felt disgusting. Wiping tears and snot from her face, she decided to spit it out.

“Sarah, ever since that night at the Hairy Cougars I’ve had a crush on you.”

There was a long pause, as Sarah seemed to gather her thoughts on the other end of the phone.

“Carrie, I’m flattered but… but why?”

“When you drunkenly kissed me in the car on the way home, I got really confused. I liked it, Sarah. I want to do it again.”

There was another long pause and Carrie felt her heart beating a mile a minute. Finally Sarah spoke up.

“Carrie, I’m really flattered but I’m unfortunately not into girls. I’m actually at a party with Jackson right now, and I think things are getting a bit more serious.”

Carrie started to cry softly but kept trying to force herself to stop. Why had Sarah had to mention Jackson? Fuck, she was so jealous of the man. Gaining control of the tears, she spoke again. “It’s fine, I understand. I just wanted to let you know.”

“I appreciate you telling me and I’m sorry I don’t feel the same way.” Carrie cringed as Sarah delivered the kind platitudes. “I’ll see you back at school soon and we’ll talk more then. Happy New Year Carrie.”

“Happy New Year,” Carrie whispered back, before ending the call. As soon as the caller ID disappeared, the petite brunette burst into sobs that made her whole body shake. Her pee soaked jeans were starting to get really cold but she still didn’t want to go back inside and face everyone. How had the night been such a disaster?

She sat there crying and crying until the door behind her opened with a click. Spinning around, Carrie found her tear stained face looking up at Ronnie. The tall blonde gave her a look of concern.

“I saw you leave and I figured I’d check up on you. Are you alright?” Glancing down at Carrie’s discoloured denim clad legs, she followed it up with, “Did you pee your pants?”

“I peed my pants and told Sarah I have a crush on her,” Carrie gulped through her tears.

“Oh wow, I’m sorry. I assume she didn’t reciprocate the sentiment.

Carrie shook her head, prompting Ronnie to pull her into a tight hug. Leaning in, she whispered in Carrie’s ear. “That was really brave of you.”

“I don’t feel very brave. I just want to cuddle up in bed with hot cocoa,” Carrie sniffled.

“That can be arranged. Bianca is kicking everyone out soon anyways and I can prepare our futon.”

“Thank you Ronnie,” Carrie mumbled into her friend's shoulder. “Can I please borrow your jacket in the meantime?”

Raising her eyebrow in an ‘I told you so’ look, Ronnie slid off her leather jacket and put it around the shoulders of her crying friend.

“Someday you’ll learn to listen to me,” Ronnie said with an eye roll. “But apparently this isn’t the year…”

