The Last Year Before They Grew Up - Page 2

Автор: Caraxes

*032*2023-04-03 02:17

Hi all! This chapter leads off the first portion of the second half of the series. It finally introduces David, Victoria's sister who broke Maddy's heart. It will also serve as a mini sequel to Chapter 10. There is no messing in it.

It's probably going to be the last chapter featuring April for awhile, so please let me know what you think of her. Is she too bratty?

Chapter 12: Taboozing and the Terrors of Mittens

“So, are any of your mentor’s friends cute?” David asked Victoria nonchalantly as he watched his little sister apply her makeup in the mirror of her dorm room.

Without looking up, Victoria immediately shot him down. “No way David, you’re not allowed to hit on them! I barely know any of them other than Jules anyways and you’re NOT going to embarrass me!”

“C’mon sis, you know I’d never embarrass you intentionally! I’m just curious!”

“David, the whole group already thinks you have terrible taste for dating Maddy Dillinger. There’s no way they’ll give you the time of day,” Victoria replied, annoyed that her brother had even felt the need to raise this topic.

David had come to visit Victoria for Frost Festival, the party tradition at the Greatwestern University that was held the first week back at school every January. The festival consisted of various drinking events for the first nine nights and was notorious for getting rowdy and reckless.

Victoria hoped to god that they wouldn’t bump into Maddy at all that week. The girl had been terrorizing her and her mentor Jules’ other friends all fall semester, even causing another girl and Victoria herself to have embarrassing pee accidents. She didn’t care for anyone’s feelings except her own and she had clung to David like a leech for their entire relationship. Victoria had grown to loath the curly brunette with every fibre of her being.

“Fine, I promise not to make things weird,” David told his sister.

This didn’t do much to alleviate Victoria’s concerns. With her brown hair in a middle part, his kind brown eyes and his soft smile, Victoria knew her brother was considered an attractive young man by many people. She just had to hope that everyone had the sense not to fall for his charms.

___

“Hurry up, I’m freezing,” Victoria complained as she and David plodded up the driveway to 54 Sherbrooke, her mentor Jules’ student house. The blizzard that she had heard about seemed to be starting and heavy flurries were spiralling lazily around her head as she walked past the grey Toyota Corolla and green Volkswagen Beetle parked in the free spots. Their windshields had already been covered in snow and Victoria couldn’t help but wonder how much snow was truly going to come down as the night progressed. Her boots crunched through several accumulated inches. Dusting them off on the porch mat, Victoria rang the doorbell.

“Shit, we’re gonna freeze tonight,” she complained to her brother.

“I told you not to wear ripped jeans and a crop top,” David replied in exasperation, mocking her choice of outfit.

“We’re going out, I have to look cute!” Victoria explained, even as her knees and arms felt chilled beneath her coat and jeans. “You know I’m recently single!”

“Just because your dumbass ex boyfriend couldn’t handle you pissing yourself, doesn’t mean you need to suffer more.”

Victoria punched her brother in joking annoyance and then rang the doorbell again.

___

As the doorbell rang for a second time, April Dalton looked to her sister and asked the obvious question. “You gonna get that?”

“Of course, one sec!” Sarah replied, chopping the last of the watermelon on her cutting board.

April was excited for what the night had in store. Having come up to Greatwestern earlier that day to party with her sister Sarah, April was already quite tipsy as she stood in the kitchen mixing up a big bowl of spiked punch. She was dressed in faded blue jeans and a red bralette that emphasized her small bust in a way that improved her confidence. She looked like a mini version of her pretty wasian sister with the way they had both parted their hair down the middle.

“I don’t get why we’re making spiked punch for a pre,” Jules giggled, staring into the red tinged substance in the large glass bowl. Even from two feet away, April could smell the potency of the alcohol wafting through the air. She had poured in inordinate amounts of vodka, tequila and rum despite the fact that she knew how bad it was to mix so many forms of hard liquor. To be completely honest, her risky mixing was coming from a need to overcome her recent problems. It had been really hard for April to come clean to her parents about just how bad her GPA was and the fact that she was likely going to be ejected from her program. 

She could still picture the look on her father’s face as she told him; it was one of pure disappointment. She had had to endure the cold shoulder and disappointed looks from both parents all break. Sarah had done the best to stand up for her, but they had insisted that April come look at Greatwestern during Frost Week to see if it would be a more suitable fit. April was bummed that she wouldn’t get to hang out with her friends at her own school all week, but at least Sarah’s friends seemed to be fun. If she was lucky, maybe she’d bump into the cute girl she’d met at Sarah’s boy toy’s Christmas party… she still couldn’t get Hazel out of her head.

“I plan on being thoroughly sloshed tonight, and punch will be a tool to help me get there,” April told Jules, laughing.

“Careful, last time your sister got thoroughly sloshed she pissed herself at the club,” Jules teased.

“Heyyy shut up!” Sarah protested. That was ONE TIME! Besides, the chart seems to say you’ve been there too”

April glanced at the piece of paper on the fridge that her sister was gesturing at. It had been divided into rows denoting each member of their friend group and columns with the headers “#1” and “#2”. There were marks corresponding with names and columns and April realized in shock that this was the Piddle Pants Club that her sister had mentioned to her. She’d always figured it was a joke, not something that they advertised publicly on their fridge.

Jules shrugged nonchalantly. “It helped me become close with Victoria so I can’t really complain, as embarrassing as it was.”

The doorbell rang again, echoing through the house.

“Holy shit Sarah, are you ever gonna get the door?” April asked exasperated.

“Don’t worry, I’ve got it,” Jules said cheerfully. The freckled blonde skipped out of the kitchen and down the hall to the door. “It’s probably Victoria!”

___

“My god, they’re so slow! They’re probably already drunk!” Victoria exclaimed as she froze on the welcome mat.

“Drunk? It’s like 8pm,” David replied, surprised.

“Oh, these girls party hard!” Victoria had been shocked at their ability to stomach inordinate amounts of alcohol every time she drank with them. Each party only shocked her further at how crazy they would get.

“Everything you’ve described about Jules has made her seem nerdy as shit, no offence,” David said, disbelieving.

“We’ll Jules is the most tame of them. She’s so smart and interesting!”

At that moment, the door swung open revealing Jules herself. The petite French-Armenian blonde was looking stunning in a gold open backed top and black jeans.

“Hey Jules!” Victoria exclaimed excitedly upon seeing her program mentor. “Happy New Year!”

Jules froze in the doorway, staring at David in his plaid flannel and jeans. Then, stumbling over her words, she managed to spit out an awkward, “Hey!”

“Uhhh… hi,” David replied, confused at Jules’ strange reaction.

Blushing red, Jules quickly pulled Victoria into a tight hug. As they embraced, Victoria could feel the quickness of her mentor’s heartbeat through her shirt.

“Smooth,” she whispered to Jules with a smirk.

Jules made big eyes at her and then awkwardly introduced herself to David. David shook her hand and began explaining how much he’d heard about Jules from his sister, only prompting the girl to turn so red that her freckles disappeared.

“I really appreciate you standing up to those bullies for her,” David said. “And I’m glad to see all your positive influence. Victoria used to be a real bitch.”

“Hey,” Victoria called, punching her brother on the arm and rolling her eyes.

“Hahaha, she used to be quite the princess when I met her. Too cool for me for sure!” Jules teased.

“Not anymore!” Victoria countered. “When Jules stood up for me to my fake friends, she impressed all the sorority girls. Now she’s worshipped by all the cool people at Greatwestern.”

“Damn, I wasn’t warned that I was in the presence of an influencer,” David teased. “Can I get your autograph?”

Jules blushed beet red and retorted. The group all entered the front hall of the house and began removing their boots and coats. At that moment, Sarah and another wasian girl who looked a lot like her came to the door to greet Jules and David. Victoria assumed this must be April, Sarah’s little sister who was visiting for the week.

“Hey, you must be Victoria,” the girl said confidently. “I’m April! I’m actually in first year like you!”

“Cool!” Victoria said, smiling. “We’ll have plenty to chat about then!”

The group stepped through the doorway and into the house. As they passed each other, Jules grabbed Victoria by the arm and held her behind everyone else. In a hushed tone, Jules hissed “You didn’t tell me your brother was so cute!”

“He’s my brother! Ew!” Victoria whispered back.

“It caught me off guard,” Jules retorted with a blush. She then followed everyone else towards the living room leaving Victoria smirking in the front hall.

As the snow kept spiralling down outside, Victoria couldn’t help but feel like this was going to be a very interesting night.

___

An hour later, April was thoroughly tipsy. The jungle juice was just as potent as she’d hoped and she was loving every moment of it. Sarah’s roommates Carmen, Laura, Ronnie and Erika had trudged out in the blizzard to go pre at Carrie’s while April herself, Sarah, Jules, Victoria and David stayed back awaiting Jackson’s arrival. Jackson and Sarah were finally talking seriously and April was actually excited to see him, even if it was only so that she might bump into Hazel, his cute sister.

As they waited for Jackson to make his appearance, the group was playing a variety of drinking games. April had lost thoroughly at Never Have I Ever and Ride the Bus and the alcohol had her head spinning as she sat next to her sister on the couch.

“Jackson says the snow is getting really bad out there,” Sarah said as she pointed out the living room window. “Apparently Brock’s party might get canceled.”

“Fuck,” David groaned. “It can’t be that bad, can it? I don’t want to get snowed in.”

“It doesn’t look like it will be stopping anytime soon,” Sarah replied.

Jules whipped out her phone and checked the weather app. “It looks like it’s going to keep coming down until tomorrow at 11am. We’re projected to get around 11 inches.”

“11 inches?! That’s like the most ever!” Victoria was shocked by her mentor’s words. “Surely that’s gotta be a mistake.”

“Looks like we’re gonna end up stuck drinking here,” Sarah said in a disappointed tone. “I’m sorry April, I really wanted to show you a good time tonight.”

“Don’t worry sis, I’m having a blast,” April reassured her sister. “Besides, I’d be so down to go out into the storm.”

“Out into the storm? Are you crazy?” Sarah asked, surprised at her sister’s brash idea.

“Yeah, we could go Taboozing,” April suggested. The idea provoked some confused looks from the girls.

“Holy shit, I haven’t done that since high school,” David said excitedly.

“What even is Taboozing?” Jules asked.

“It’s drunk tobogganing,” April explained.

“That sounds really dangerous,” Jules replied, her arms crossed over each other.

“Nahhhh it’s fun,” David reassured her. “We’ll be safe.”

“Fine,” Jules found herself agreeing. David seemed to have a way of convincing herself to be a bit more reckless than usual, and April noticed Victoria smirking at her mentor’s acquiescence.

April smiled, satisfied that she had convinced everyone to undertake an adventure in the blizzard. She had seen a pretty good hill on her way driving into town with her sister and was already fantasizing about the wind blowing in her hair as she sledded down. She planned on getting a bit more drunk and then hitting the slopes in a very sloppy state.

As her head swam from the copious amounts of jungle juice in her system, her bladder reminded her that she should definitely visit a toilet before they headed out.

___

As the group trudged through the deep snow in their winter gear, Victoria began to regret her decision to not use the bathroom before leaving. April’s potent jungle juice was sloshing around in her overfilled bladder as they began to climb the hill in the centre of the park down the street from the house. Bundled into her purple snowpants and matching purple winter jacket and mittens, her boots crunched through the soft powder as the plastic sled dragged behind her. She hoped she could hold it until she got back, since the thought of dropping her snowpants, jeans and underwear to yellow a snowbank sounded like a horrible way to freeze her ass off.

Ahead of Victoria, Jules and her brother were deep in conversation about some political topic that didn’t interest her in the slightest. She was glad they were getting along but she hated the fact that Jules was clearly very into her brother. David always had that effect on girls and Victoria had grown to loathe the way he lead them on. She was going to kill him if he did the same to Jules.

“Damn, the two pairs of lovebirds are making me sick,” April announced as she trudged up beside Victoria. Glancing behind her Victoria saw that Sarah and Jackson, who had finally arrived, were holding hands as they each dragged a sled through the snow.

“Guess we’re gonna have to stick together,” Victoria told the drunk brunette. April was clad in a red winter jacket, black snowpants and a white tuque. Her big black wool mittens covered her hands and made her look a little bit like an awkward panda.

“Don’t worry, we’ll be the ultimate dynamic duo. I think we’re both the perfect level of drunk for Taboozing.” April was growing on Victoria. Victoria appreciated the girl’s blunt, no nonsense nature. She was always down for fun and not afraid of speaking her mind, and Victoria had been very impressed by how well she got along with so many people older than her. All the fourth years took her just as seriously as they took their peers.

“When we get to the top of the hill, let’s ditch these guys so they can get it on. I want to catch some real air,” April suggested to Victoria.

“OMG, we should pile up snow and make a jump,” Victoria agreed. She’d done it many times before with her brother in their childhood. Even though they didn’t have a shovel, it’d still be possible to achieve.

As they plodded their way up the hill in the centre of the park, Victoria couldn’t help but pause periodically to squeeze her legs together. Her need to pee was increasing to a level of discomfort and she was hoping that April wouldn’t notice her immature fidgeting. After her two pee accidents in the fall, Victoria had grown incredibly fearful of her bladder. For a time, she had even started wearing diapers when her confidence was at its lowest. In recent months though, thanks to Jules’ incredible support, her confidence had returned and she had gone back to no longer wearing diapers. There was still a level of fear that she just couldn’t dismiss and the thought of an accident haunted her every time she got an urge.

“You okay?” April asked, looking back at the stationary blonde. Her momentary distraction caused her to stumble and Victoria couldn’t help but smile at April’s obvious drunkenness.

“I’m fine,” Victoria assured her. “I just kind of need to pee.”

“Me toooo,” April giggled, crossing her legs dramatically. “I totally forgot to go before we left. I’m gonna have to squat at some point.”

“Ew, I hate peeing outdoors. I’m definitely holding it until we’re back.”

“Why would you pick an unnecessary battle when you could just go?” April teased her new friend, perplexed at her logic. “I’m gonna go squat after we build this jump.”

Looking up the hill, Victoria saw that the rest of the group wasn’t paying them any attention as they continued upward. Analyzing the slope of the hill and the distance from the top, she thought that this would honestly be a good spot for a jump. “Let’s build it right here April, and then I’ll cover for you while you squat.”

“Only if you squat with me girly,” April replied earnestly. “I’m not letting you wet yourself again.”

“How do you know I’ve wet myself before,” Victoria asked, taken aback. Was April going to bully her like everyone else?

“Oh I just saw the Piddle Pants Club thing on my sister’s fridge. You had two marks for accidents. Don’t worry, it happens to the best of us!”

“It’s happened to you too?” Victoria asked, surprised that the brunette would admit to something so embarrassing.

“Not fully. Can I swear you to secrecy?” April asked, as she leaned against Victoria and crossed her legs in her tipsy state.

“Of course,” the blonde promised, setting down her toboggan in preparation for constructing the ramp. She did her best to support the off balance girl as she began to elaborate.

“I had to go really badly when I was drunk at a Christmas Party back in December but all the bathrooms were taken!” Then in a conspiratorial whisper, April added, “I literally haven’t told anyone this so you cannot utter a word to ANYONE!”

Victoria was flattered that April trusted her this match after only knowing each other a couple hours.

“Anyways, I was hanging out with this really cute girl that I wanted to impress… Jackson’s little sister actually,” April continued.

“Oh, do you bat for both teams?” Victoria asked curiously.

“Yessss bi baddies represent!” April replied excitedly. “Do you?”

“Nope, I’m straight as a laser beam unfortunately.”

“Haha men do suck,” April commiserated. “Yeah so then I had to pee and there was no bathroom and I ended up peeing in a vase in front of this cute girl after totally soaking my underwear. Totally humiliating.”

“OMG girly, I’m so sorry that happened to you. Did it ruin your shot with the baddie?”

“No, she actually kissed me,” April replied giddily. Victoria couldn’t help but notice that the girl was now aggressively crossing and uncrossing her legs. “But she’s a terrible texter so I don’t think it’s going to go anywhere. She goes to school here though so I’m debating hitting her up while I’m in town.”

“Hit her up!” Victoria immediately encouraged. “What could go wrong?”

“She could think I’m crazy for obsessing over her for a month.”

“Girl, she kissed you after you peed in a vase. She clearly has no concept of weird,” Victoria reassured her teasingly.

“Shut up Ms Piddle Pants Club,” April giggled, then aggressively groped her crotch with a mittened hand. “Fuck, I need to pee so badly. Can we postpone making this ramp and sled down the hill to that grove of bushes so I can go?”

“Of course,” Victoria agreed, concerned that her new friend may actually be on the brink of an accident. She had to go quite badly by now, but she pushed the thought to the back of her mind as she picked up her toboggan and began to climb on. “Let’s get you down there right now!”

___

April had waited too long to find a bathroom and was now reaping the consequences. As Victoria readied the sled for their descent to a secluded spot where they could be in private, April began to drunkenly pee in her clothes. The initial spurt was warm and damp in the gusset of her satin panties. The second spurt was slightly longer and she knew that it had probably made it through to her jeans. Luckily none of this was visible beneath her snow pants but she was alarmed at the speed with which her drunk bladder was betraying her AGAIN.

“Come on, hop on!” Victoria called, seating herself at the back of the sled and patting the front of the bright green plastic. “You look like you’re going to explode.”

April grimaced at the comment, her crotch of her blue jeans warm with sticky pee. She was grateful that Victoria was unaware just how bad things were getting. Waddling over the sled, she plunked herself down between Victoria’s spread legs and jammed her left hand back into her crotch, shivering in the cold. Her bladder was drawing all her body heat and her appendages were numb from the frigid air.

“Let’s get you to a nice bush,” Victoria said, kicking off and setting the toboggan in motion. The green plastic slid easily over the snow and soon the girls were careening down the hill. As they whipped through the falling snow, April could make out her sister whooping from above in excitement at their descent.

“Lean left or we’re gonna hit that tree!” Victoria yelled over the rushing air.

Glancing ahead at their path, April saw a massive fir tree looming. The two girls were heading straight for it with blistering speed, and April felt her stomach do a somersault.

“If I lean I’m going to explode,” she wailed back. Her bladder was pulsating in desperation and she knew any sudden movement would make her completely lose the battle.

“You’ve gotta try.”

April heard Victoria’s shout the words from behind her, and she closed her eyes. She could feel Victoria leaning behind her and she braces herself to help out her purple clad friend. With a jerk, she forced her body to lean to the left.

Immediately, April felt a jet of pee soak into her panties and down the inner thighs of her jeans. Her butt felt warm as well as the lean caused her bladder to restart its emptying. The jungle juice was begging to be released into her pants and the typhoon had begun.

Thankfully for the girls, their leaning in tandem allowed them to reorient the green sled and narrowly miss the tree. Shooting past it, they finally hit flat ground. Each bump only jostled April’s bladder more and more as the sled slid to a stop. As they finally halted in their tracks, April couldn’t help but let out a soft whimper. There was no stopping the pee as it pooled around her ass and soaked the inner material of her black snow pants.

“Hurry, get behind those bushes and pee!” Victoria called, leaping to her feet and offering April a hand. April took the hand gratefully and stumbled to her feet, knowing it was much to late. Her bladder was seconds from empty as her golden nectar snaked down her now upright legs.

April realized, glancing down at her black snow pants that she could get away with this just like last time. She could go behind the bushes and pretend to squat and Victoria would be none the wiser. No one had to know what had happened if she could change discreetly when they got back.

“Thanks for the assist,” April said as she forced a smile at the blonde and rushed into the bushes to fake pee.

___

The ride down the hill had not been kind to Victoria’s bladder. As the green sled had rattled along through the snow, Victoria had gritted her teeth as her need to pee had increased by a tenfold. Now, as April disappeared into the underbrush to relieve herself, Victoria realized she’d need to do the same. There was no way she’d make it home in time to pee.

Noting that April had darted into the bushes to the left, Victoria scrambled in and to the right. She firmly squeezed herself through her purple snow pants as she did so and she felt the alcohol begging to explode out of her.

“Fuck, please no,” she whimpered as she desperately used her free hand to push branches aside in her mad dash. She couldn’t pee herself again, it would destroy her confidence all over again.

Reaching a small open area that was well hidden from the edges of the bushes, Victoria dropped her snow pants - or at least she tried to. In a panic, the blonde began to fumble with the zipper in her mittened hands. She couldn’t seem to grab ahold of the zipper without the use of her fingers and in rising desperation she kept clawing at her crotch. As she writhed on the spot, Victoria felt a first jet of pee hit her blue lace panties beneath all her layers. She was truly on the brink of yet another accident.

Not thinking straight, Victoria’s brain told her there was only one solution remaining to her. Doing her best to remain in control, she dashed in the opposite direction in a frantic last ditch effort to get April’s help.

“April!” she cried, in a desperate bid to get the petite brunette’s attention as she stumbled through the bushes.

“What’s up? I’m not decent!”

April was standing in the snow with her snow pants, pants and underwear around her ankles as she wiped her pussy with a tissue. Victoria quickly averted her eyes even though she’d already seen everything.

“I can’t get my snow pants down and I’m about to piss myself. PLEASE please PLEASE help!” Victoria begged, dancing up and down in her many layers.

“Oh my god, of course,” April said, immediately rushing to aid the blonde without even pulling up her pants. Grabbing the front of the snow pants with her bare hands, she deftly unclasped the clasp and yanked down the zipper.

“You’re all good girly!” April smiled, taking a step back.

“Thank you thank you thank you!”

Victoria immediately yanked down the snow pants and lost control. As the purple material reached her knees, a hissing sound penetrated the air as her bladder released. Victoria could only watch as April’s mouth fell open and the front of her ripped jeans turned a dark blue. The pee cascaded down her legs in dark rivulets, steam rising from the damp denim. She felt her eyes beginning to tear up as the pee started to pool in her boots.

“Oh my god Victoria, I didn’t realize you had to go that badly,” April gently said as she stepped forward to hug the sopping girl as pee still ran down her legs.

“Me neither,” Victoria sniffled. “Please don’t tell anyone April. I was bullied so much last time.”

“Bestie what?! Why would I do you dirty and tell everyone?” April made a face and seemed to ponder something for a moment. Victoria gave her a confused look.

“Fuckkk,” April complained to no one in particular. “I can’t believe I’m about to do this, but I trust you Victoria.”

Then, reaching down, April pulled up her red satin underwear and covered up her muff once again. Victoria glanced at it and was shocked to find that it was saturated with liquid, just like she was sure her own were.

“You leaked?” she asked.

“Not quite,” April replied, blushing beet red. She then pulled up her jeans over the panties. A long dark patch of liquid was visible from the crotch straight down to her ankles.

“Oh my god, you peed yourself too?” Victoria couldn’t help but smile at the brunette’s admission.

“Yeah, that ride down the hill really did me in,” April confessed. “I pissed myself a lot and I didn’t want you to find out.”

“I completely understand,” Victoria grinned, pulling April into a hug in return for the one she had received. “Your secret is safe with me.”

Grateful for the other girl’s support, April felt better about how things were unfolding. “Let’s get back to a hot shower. We can ditch the pairs of love birds.”

“Deal,” Victoria agreed as the snow spiralled around them. “Once we’re cleaned up, I’ll help you text Jackson’s sister.”

“You know you don’t have to be so nice to me, right? I’m only here for the week and then you’ll probably never see me again.”

Victoria rolled her eyes at this statement and shook her head. “I’m not being nice for no reason, dumbass. You’re a cool person and that’s hard to come by these days. Trust me, I’ve had a lot of fake friends this year.”

“Yeah, Sarah keeps telling me you’ve been pretty badly bullied. Do you have many friends outside Jules and the gang?” April asked gently.

“Not really, I’m kind of fucked when they graduate,” Victoria smiled wistfully. “I kind of wish you went here.”

“Well… well to be honest,” April sheepishly piped up. “Can you keep another secret?”

“Of course.” Victoria had just managed to do back up her snow pants which were doing a pretty good job of concealing her accident.

“I’m kind of failing out of school right now. My grades are really low and I’m not sure if Port Henry will take me back next year,” April admitted, shifting in her wet pants. The material squelched between her legs and she made a face.

“Oh shit, I’m sorry. What are you gonna do?”

“My parents want me to look into transferring here. They feel it may be a better academic environment and I can probably transfer most of my completed credits,” the brunette explained.

Victoria smiled. “I guess there’s some silver lining. Remember this April. If you ever need a friend here, I’m just a text away.”

“Thanks Victoria, you’re really too nice to me,” April replied beaming. “But speaking of texts…”

Fishing her phone out of her snow pants pocket, she quickly drafted a text message and showed it to Victoria before hitting send. Victoria gave her nod of approval, and April smiled as she sent it off to Hazel.

Hey, I’m in town. U free tn?

Epilogue:

Jules sat at the counter in the kitchen of 54 Sherbrooke with Sarah. The blonde was still giddy that David had asked for her number before departing with Victoria. As Sarah carefully poured milk into her rue for her mac and cheese, Jules found her eyes wandering to the Piddle Pants Club chart on the fridge. To her own bemusement, she noticed that Victoria had added another dash next to her name in the pee accident column. She’d have to check to make sure the first year girl was okay, but she’d seemed in good spirits by the end of the night. Glancing down the chart, Jules noted a new name at the bottom that hasn’t been there previously; April Dalton had added herself on. Jules smirked at this addition but knew better than to tell Sarah. She didn’t want to embarrass the girl who had already gone to sleep.

Shifting in her seat, Jules felt her own distended bladder asking to be released. Hanging out with David had caused her to ignore her bodily needs and she knew that she should really be getting to a toilet soon.

Glancing up from her cooking, Sarah laughed at Jules’ movements.

“You look like you’re absolutely bursting,” Sarah teased. “We can’t go having you get another mark on the chart.”

“I’ll be fine,” Jules replied. “Although it’s crazy how Ronnie still hasn’t gotten a strike yet.”

Sarah giggled at this remark and then grew silently for a moment. Finally she spoke up. “Somehow I don’t think any of us are getting out of this year without at least one tiny mishap. I sometimes think this chart is a curse.”

“Honestly, we’ve all had way worse bathroom luck than usual,” Jules agreed. “I think it’s just because we’ve been drinking more and partying harder than usual this year.”

“We’ve gotta get it all in before we graduate,” Sarah nodded. “It just sucks that there have been consequences.”

“Let’s hope there are no more,” Jules grimaced. “I’m not sure how much longer our egos can handle this.”

With that, she got up and marched to the bathroom to relieve her overfilled bladder.

*035*2023-04-09 01:14

{{On 4/5/2023 at 4:30 PM, jippy said:

Glad I found this a long time after it started so I had plenty to binge through! Excellent job

}}

Thank you for the kind words! Glad you had plenty to get through. Always open to suggestions about where the story should go next.

{{58 minutes ago, zackh8 said:

I really like April, I'll be sad to see her go if thats the direction you take

}}

Worry not, there’s definitely more to April’s story. I just know that the next few chapters will be focused back onto the fourth years and their plot lines.

