Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 12

Author: Poowrite

*277*2015-09-06 23:24

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Losing It! / Desperate

“Oh, godsbedamned!” you grumble, watching with dismay as the fire spreads. You wrinkle your nose as the wind, warmed by the heat of the fire, carries the smell of burning wood to you. Your thighs rub together, your weight shifting constantly from one foot to the other. You swear you can feel the contents of your bladder sloshing around with every motion, intensifying your terrible urge to urinate. Yet, you cannot stand still, certain that doing so will be more than you can bear.

Despite your desperate situation, you know you must act. If left alone, the fire might spread too quickly for you to contain. The city did not need a second crisis to deal with that night. You take a deep, steadying breath, then try to force the demands of your body to the back of your mind.

You reach out with both arms, hands open and palms facing forward. You bring your hands together at the tips of your thumb and forefingers, forming a sort of teardrop shape that you use to focus on the flames. You channel aether through this opening, transforming it into a spray of water.

You aim the flow of water toward the flames, and the hiss of extinguishing fire mixes with the moans of the undead. Steam and smoke billow out from the dying blaze.

Unfortunately, the imagery created by the stream of water has a predicable effect on you. You try not to think about it, but inevitably your mind fills with images of you creating your own stream. Your resolve begins to loosen, and you feel the damp spot on the crotch of your small-clothes begin to expand. It starts as a steady dribble, slowed by your continued efforts to maintain control. Tears blur your vision in response to the slight stinging sensation of urine leaking from your urethra in spite of your tightly clenched muscles. Your small-clothes gradually become soggy, urine soaking through the cotton and causing a small, dark stain to appear on your trousers. Your whole body shivers as your muscles begin to relax, quite regardless of your own will. Then, all at once, you've completely lost control.

A muffled hissing from between your legs joins that of the extinguishing fire as urine begins to flow out of you with tremendous pressure. It floods your trousers, causing the small dark stain to explode across the front of your garment in a matter of moments. You feel it begin to cascade down your legs, wet trails marking its progress as it rushes toward the ground.

You can't suppress a sigh of relief as the warmth flows down your thighs. The painful tightness in your bladder loosens as a golden puddle forms at your feet. You can almost feel your bladder deflating as urine pours into your greaves. It soaks through your socks, making it feel like you're standing in a small lake. You hear a sound like soft rainfall as it seeps through your trousers and begins falling to the ground in droplets that sparkle in the light of the fire.

By the time the flood from your urethra sputters into a slow dribble, your pants are almost completely drenched. It looks and feels as if you've waded into waist high water. The soaked material clings tightly to your legs and waist, providing an almost pleasant warmth against the chilly night air. At your feet, wide streams of pee run across the dirty cobblestones from a large puddle. Some of them seem to stretch on forever, and you briefly marvel at how much you were holding back. Was it any wonder you couldn't hold it in?

The fire is extinguished quickly enough, and you stop the flow of aether through your body. The stream of magical water dies off as the last few droplets of urine trickle down your legs. With the crisis of the fire eliminated, you turn your attention back to Lucius.

He seems to be handing things well. Of the seven zombies that survived your fireball, five remain. Lucius continues to employ the same strategy of keeping the monsters in a cluster, constantly circling them, never backing himself into a corner. You notice the square has brightened, a few lamps flicker in the windows and frightened faces peer out at the commotion. Behind you, Myra leans against a nearby wall with wide, frightened eyes. Tears streak her face. You feel bad for the girl, but hopefully it will be over for her soon. You just need to help Lucius with the last of the zombies...

You feel something shift in your abdomen. Your eyes widen in surprise and horror as a tremendous weight drops in your colon. “Nyyygh...” you groan, doubling over as an intense pain shoots through your side. Your sphincter clenches instinctively, and not a moment too soon. Any later, and the sudden mass you feel pushing against your anus would have been pouring into your small-clothes and you would have been helpless to stop it.

As it is, you barely manage to hold on long enough for the intensity of the urge to abate. It leaves you with a chilly sweat trickling down the back of your neck, and your stomach gives a noisy gurgle, as if angry about being denied. ”This is bad. I've used so much magic, another urge like that and...” You try not to think about that.

“Calista!” You look up toward Lucius. “Get Myra to her Uncle's. I'll handle these flesh eaters and meet up with you at the stables. They're marked on your map, right?” You feel a pair of small hands gripping your own and look to see Myra at your side. She stares at your soaked trousers for a moment, her mouth agape in surprise, then seems to snap out of it.

“It's just ahead, Miss. Please...” she pleads.

You grit your teeth together. Could you really abandon Lucius? There were only five zombies left, and he seemed to have their complete attention. A well placed fireball would eliminate the threat completely, though it would almost certainly spell doom for the tenuous hold you maintain on your bowels. You could come in behind the zombies and take out a good portion of them with your sword, maybe all of them, before any of them turned to address you. Though, that too came with a risk of soiling yourself.

You could drop your trousers and just let go, but right in front of Lucius and Myra? Not to mention the handful of people watching from the buildings? Maybe you could let out a little pressure, or go into one of the alleys and use the shadows for privacy, like you had meant to do in the first place. Or, you could take Lucius' suggestion and get Myra to safety. Maybe, if you held out long enough you could even use a chamber pot at her uncle's...

1. Help Lucius (Please specify with magic or melee).

2. Get Myra to her uncle's.

3. Relieve yourself. (Specify how, some suggestions below)

A. Just go on the ground.

B. Try to hide in the shadows.

C. Ask one of the citizens watching to let you use their chamberpot.

4. Other

Calista's Bladder has gone from Losing It! to Empty.

Calista's Bowel has gone from Desperate to Losing It!

*287*2015-09-09 18:08

{{: 

Ummm. Isn't a wetting while desperate suppossed to cause a messing?

I am a rules freak. Also.

}}

Eh-hehe... whoops.

I would try to make an excuse, but the truth is I just forgot. Sorry :(

*294*2015-09-14 05:21

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Empty / Losing It!

“We're going, Myra. Which way,” you ask. She points to the North, and the two of you make your way across the small square. You stick to what shadows remain, though it proves to be an unnecessary precaution as Lucius keeps the zombies facing away from you.

You move as quickly as you can with the burden in your stomach weighing you down. Every muscle in your body is tense against the tremendous weight in your colon, forcing you into a sort of awkward waddle. A constant, dull pain in your abdomen keeps you doubled over slightly. You clutch at your stomach with your free hand, feeling the cold droplets of sweat trickling down the back of your neck. Your anus twitches, threatening to surrender at any moment. You pray to Mykona or any other god that will listen that you can hold it just a few more minutes.

You make it to the other side of the square without incident. You stop to glace back at Lucius just in time to see him smash the face of a zombie with the hilt of his sword. The undead monster staggers backwards, and Lucius follows up with a downward slash, splitting the monster's skull like a melon. That left four.

“Come on...” you hear Myra insist, and feel the girl tugging at your arm. You follow her away from the square, deeper into the city. The moans of the undead fade a little with distance. You think of Lucius, and hope he'll be alright.

Thankfully, it isn't long before you feel Myra squeeze your hand and see her point to a nondescript house at one end of the street. “That's where Uncle Peter lives,” she says. The two of you approach the home and you knock hard on the door.

”Please answer, and quickly...” you think. You squirm and wriggle and tap your foot impatiently on the cobblestones, trying desperately to take your mind off what your body needed to do. Time seems to drag on, moments stretching into minutes as you wait for someone to come to the door. Soon, you see a light in the window. Someone is approaching. You see a face peer out at you and Myra, see a flash of recognition as its eyes find the girl. The face disappears, and you hear the clicking of a lock opening a moment before the door swings open.

“Myra? Myknoa, girl where are your parents,” the stranger at the door asks. He's a heavyset man, clean-shaven and dressed in nice looking clothes. He looks exhausted. Everyone in Dawnswall probably had a similar expression on their faces that night.

Myra loses it then, throwing herself into the man's arms, her cries muffled by his body. You can see his expression changing as he puts together what must have happened. He looks at you with a hopeful expression. Your shoulders slump and you can only shake your head no in response.

The man's head drops like a stone. His eyes become dull, his expression one of disbelief. He stands there, dumbfounded with Myra crying into his ample belly and you wriggling on his doorstep like a child. A few moments pass before he seems to find himself. “I... I am s-sorry. My name is Peter. You... you helped Myra... after...” he asks.

You nod. “Y-Yes,” your voice quakes with desperation. You can feel everything starting to slide downward once again, and know you won't be able to hold it back for long. “I'm Calista. Myself and a f-friend helped her g-get here...”

“I cannot thank you enough for what you've done. Please, come in out of the cold,” he says, stepping aside and letting you in. “Can... can I fetch you some ale?”

You shake your head. “A-Actually... I really need to use a chamberpot...” you admit, feeling your cheeks heat up as your blood rushes to them. Peter only now seems to notice the dance you've been preforming since arriving at his home and nods. He hefts Myra up into his arms, and starts down the hallway.

“This way,” he calls after you. You follow after him, your skin feeling clammy and sweaty. It is as if your body realizes how close you are to relief, and your muscles have started to loosen quite regardless of your own will. You grind your teeth together as everything descends, and you feel something hard poking out of your tightly clenched bottom.

The trip through the home seems to take forever, but eventually Peter leads you to a small room with a wooden privy built against the back wall. You notice a few open bottles lining shelves cut into the walls, and assume they must be responsible for the relatively pleasant smell in the room. “Here you are. I... will be waiting for you in the main room when you've finished. I would like to speak with you...”

You nod, and as soon as Peter has closed the double doors begin fighting with your belt. You feel everything descend, feel the mess inside you touching the material of your small clothes. “No no no,” you plead, absolutely certain for one terrible moment that you aren't going to make it. In the end, you manage to hold on just long enough to get your clothes down and hover your bottom over the opening in the privy.

The moment you're seated, your sphincter relaxes and a thick, solid log begins pouring from between your shapely cheeks. “Ohhhh...” you moan, leaning forward as the cramps in your stomach briefly intensify. A soft crackling sound fills the small privy as the load rushes out of you. You hear a swampy sounding splat as the solid waste breaks off under its own weight and drops into the waiting cesspit beneath you.

With the emergency over, you close your eyes and rest your arms on your knees as nature runs its course. You can feel yourself growing lighter as your bowels spill into the privy. You allow yourself a few moments to simply bask in the intense relief. When you open them, your eyes alight on a small brown smear on the seat of your undergarments. You frown. In addition to the muddy smudge, the once white cotton is stained a pale yellow. Unfortunately, it wasn't the first undergarment you had ruined in such a manner.

As the last of your mess plops into the pit beneath you, you use a touch of magic to dry out your trousers and undergarments. Then, you wipe the mess away from your bottom, pull your pants back up, and fasten your belt. It feels good to be dry again, but you hope you won't end up with a rash after your accidents.

You find your way to the main room where Peter and an elderly man are seated around a table. “Gave Myra a potion to put her to sleep,” Peter explains. You notice an open bottle on the table, and assume that Peter has turned to a simpler concoction for his grief. “I... I should have been with them...”

“And then I would have no sons,” the old man replies. “You were never a fighter, Peter. There is nothing you could have done.” He looks at you with sad eyes. “I am Ulrich. Peter's father. You have our thanks for helping Myra, at least.”

“I only wish Lucius and I could have found her sooner. Then maybe...”

“We cannot dwell on that now. We can only take comfort in knowing that the souls of the dead are with Mykona now. Tell me, who are you,” he asks.

Condensing the story as much as possible, you tell Ulrich and Peter about your night so far. From the battle at the Goblin's Bag Inn, to finding Myra and guiding her home. “We were hoping we could get some medicine for the wounded Priests,” you finish, looking hopeful.

“Yes. Yes of course,” Peter says. You watch him rise and stumble out of the room.

“Your friend was foolish to send you away. I hope you don't find him shambling about that square when you leave here,” Ulrich says. “Though, I appreciate that you put priority on Myra's safety.” He stands up and makes his way over to a mantle. He pulls a small box from the mantle and carries it over to the table. From within the box, he withdraws a small, wooden figure. “Here. Take it,” he says.

You take the object, the sunburst symbol of Mykona, and meet the old man's eyes. “What is it?”

“My Holy Symbol. Didn't Myra tell you her grandfather was a Priest of the Dawn?” You can't remember and so only shrug in response. “So long as you carry that, Mykona's grace will protect you against the undead. If you find yourself in an impossible position, pray to her. So long as you're carrying that, she may answer. Of course... she may not. I am afraid gods and goddesses are fickle creatures.”

A few moments later, Peter returns with a handful of potions. “T-These will help. They're the strongest medicines I have in stock right now,” he says. “You... you are welcome to stay here. Father has consecrated our home. Y-You'll be safe...”

You shake your head. You couldn't stay. Thinking of Lucius shambling around with those zombies leaves a cold emptiness in the pit of your stomach. Of course, maybe Peter and Ulrich knew something about what was going on. You could probably spare a few minutes to speak with them...

1. Continue your mission. (Optionally check to see if Lucius is done with the zombies...)

2. Spend a few moments speaking with Ulrich and Peter. (Suggest conversation topics)

Calista's bowels have gone from Losing It! to Empty

Calista's bladder has gone from Empty to Mostly Empty

Calista acquired x3 Major Potion of Mend Wounds.

Calista acquired Ulrich's Holy Symbol.

