The Ravenwood Lighthouse

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2020-05-28 23:16

So this is a little something I've been quietly working on for a bit, now. With Journey to Arnwick finished, I'll probably have more time to devote to it. I can't say for sure that it's gonna be my next thing, but it's certainly something I enjoy writing, and something I have a lot of ideas for.

Oh, and that "hypnosis" tag won't really apply until the second chapter and on, but oh boy will it apply.

Hope you enjoy!

Chapter 1 - A Desperate Escape

There truly is no ideal time to get chased down by the cops,

But how did they always manage to turn up when Jenny needed to piss?

Speeding down the road, pushing her motorcycle as fast as it would go, she desperately wished the flashing lights and sirens behind her would disappear so she could pull over and relieve herself, but no. The red and blue lights continued to illuminate the forlorn road around her. She was honestly pretty surprised; her bike was fast. The fact that these police cruisers from some broke, no-name town could keep up with her was impressive.

“One little arms deal, and they send the whole town after me,” She murmured into her helmet. The road grew rough, creating quite a bumpy ride. As Jenny bounced up and down along with her bike, she cursed each little bump that threatened to make her piss her pants. Ignoring the pressing need of her bladder, she looked around for any detours she could make- anywhere she could try and shake her pursuers.

Hope presented itself as a somewhat more narrow road that she turned onto. For a brief but wonderful moment, the headache-inducing red-blue lights of the cruisers vanished, and only simple moonlight illuminated her surroundings. The fleet of cars behind her couldn’t make turns as easily as her lone motorcycle, and the turn put a fair distance between them. Another unexpected turn later, and Jenny felt she had nearly lost her unwanted entourage. Given that her bike was black, and her outfit consisted of a matte black helmet, black leather jacket, and black leather pants, she blended into the nighttime scenery pretty well, too. These wannabe cops had nothing on her, she thought.

That is, until a cruiser pulled out in front of her from some unknown nook, nearly causing her to crash into them. She swore loudly, and veered right as hard as she could, finding another empty road. The shock had reached her bladder, and Jenny was sure she felt some wetness at her groin. They are actually gonna make me piss on myself, aren’t they? The howl of sirens behind her grew louder, and she knew it was gonna be a while longer before she was actually safe.

She groaned loudly, and shuffled lightly in her seat. She labored to blank her mind, and just keep focused on the road while she emptied her bladder into her pants. Despite its terrible need to urinate, her bladder resisted. With a push, a jet of urine streamed into her panties. Her groin was overtaken by warmth, and Jenny felt her cheeks burn. She inhaled, and pushed again. Another, longer stream met her underwear, soaking them more thoroughly than the first. She felt the sickly wet heat slowly creep down to her butt. “Piece of shit cops,” she muttered disdainfully while she inhaled, and prepared to really let go.

At last, her bladder was persuaded to release its contents. Urine flowed freely into her clothes, completely drenching whatever regions of her panties had remained dry. For the first time, that sickly, warm wetness began to crawl down her thighs. Instinctively, she looked down at her groin to inspect the damage, only to remember that she was wearing leather. Nothing showed on the outside of her pants. However, since none of her pee could soak into and be absorbed by her trousers, all of it ran down her legs. She felt the piss reach her ankles, and soak into her socks as it ran into her shoes. What didn’t flow into her shoes spilled out the bottom of her pants, immediately vanishing into the wind, given that she was driving a good few dozen miles over the speed limit. She wondered if the cops behind her were close enough to wonder what the deal was with the sudden, smelly mist.

Her stream slowed, and tapered off, bringing an end to the most unpleasant piss she’d ever taken. Man, it’d really suck to get caught, now. She could already imagine the jokes and laughter they’d share if they managed to catch her, and she was still dripping. She pushed those thoughts out of her mind. Since she’d finished wetting herself, her focus could be returned to more practical matters.

The last visible cruiser chasing after her was lagging a good distance behind. Barring any further surprises, a few more unexpected turns should completely separate them, and then she’d just need to drive for a while to make sure they lose the trail. She put her plan into action, and made a sharp turn. The longer the chase went on, the more Jenny found herself driving on what she felt had to be completely uncharted roads. The shacks and trailers she passed by could hardly be misconstrued as being signs of civilization. Being so far out in the boonies was supposed to make it easier to evade the police, for fuck’s sake. Cops in little towns like this were supposed to be laid-back.

She took another road, hearing the sirens grow ever more distant behind her. She made several more little turns and detours, until she could no longer hear nor see the horrible red-blue lights and sirens. She couldn’t risk stopping just yet, but she did breathe a little easier. Doing so, she noticed a slight salty smell in the air. She was somewhere near the coast. If she could find a town or city on the water, she could well be home free. Coastal cities get a lot more visitors, and she could blend into the crowd more easily.

She was forced to make one short stop when her eyes fell upon her nearly depleted gas gauge. The gas station she found actually occupied a rather scenic spot. Along a high coastal road, providing a look at the rocky shoreline below. She’d be a fool to use her credit card when the cops were chasing her, so she’d have to go in to pay. Just as well, as she wanted to visit the bathroom and see if she could clean herself up, just a bit. She parked her bike, and climbed off of it. The interior lining of her pants, along with her panties, were still quite wet, and had grown cold and clammy. Her shoes and socks were wet, too. She didn’t know which one, but something she was wearing produced a humiliating squish sound as she walked. She had to walk quite slowly to prevent it from happening. She lifted the visor on her helmet, and sniffed the air, hoping she didn’t reek of piss.

The gas station was quiet. A man who looked like he’d rather be anywhere else in the world than working the graveyard shift at a gas station manned the counter, watching a small TV with the volume on low. His only greeting was a curt nod in her direction, which she returned. If she smelled like a public bathroom, he didn’t let her know.

She walked into the ladies’ room, doing her best not to look like a woman who already made a bathroom out of her underwear. As expected, no one else was inside. She took her helmet off, and set it on the counter in front of the mirror. Her tired reflection looked back at her. Her blonde hair was messy, and only barely resembled the ponytail she’d put it in earlier. She entered the biggest stall available, and mentally braced herself to lower her pants. When she did, she grimaced at the sight of her drenched and yellowed panties. They had been white, once, but an hour and a half of riding and soaking in pee had changed that. Weighing her options, she considered going commando, but she knew that her pants wouldn’t be a great deal more comfortable. For the time being, she settled on getting some toilet paper and wiping her legs down.

Jenny froze when she heard the door open. Light footsteps sounded through the bathroom. Jenny hastily yanked her pants back up, ignoring how it pressed her wet panties against her. She peered through an all-too-wide gap in the stall door, and internally screamed when she saw a woman in police attire at the mirror. She was inspecting something about her uniform, but Jenny could tell that her gaze found its way to the slick, black motorcycle helmet on the counter. There was no way they hadn’t radioed every cop for a hundred miles and told them to be on the lookout for that helmet.

The cop picked up the helmet, and began to inspect it. While her eyes were away from the mirror that afforded her a view of Jenny’s stall, Jenny quietly slid the door open. She opened up her jacket, and withdrew her pistol from an interior pocket. She cocked it loudly to make the weapon’s presence known, and pressed it into the woman’s back. “Don’t make a move!” Jenny ordered in her most stern voice. The officer’s only movements were to drop the helmet onto the counter, put her hands up, and turn her head slightly to look into the mirror’s reflection. That, and an odd shuddering motion. Her legs shifted repeatedly, and Jenny could see the woman’s face scrunch up. An awful smell hit her, and Jenny could only mutter, “Don’t tell me you just… ”

Jenny glanced at the woman’s ass, and looked in disbelief at the large and growing bulge there. Her dark blue pants began to stain as the officer’s somewhat wet load was pushed into them. The poor woman well and truly filled her pants up. Jenny, in her wet underwear, could certainly sympathize with having to hold it, but she’d never soiled herself, before. She’d certainly never had an accident out of fear, before. She was made of sterner stuff than that. “Did you really just crap your drawers?” Jenny asked, judging.

She saw the woman’s anger in her reflection, “Why do you think I came to the bathroom, bitch?! You just had to pull this little stunt now, didn’t you?” She was glaring at Jenny’s reflection- and thus at Jenny herself- but the officer’s cheeks were burning read, and tears were brimming in her eyes. There was a soft crackling sound, and the bulge on her ass grew. The officer averted her eyes in shame. There was a wet mound across her rear end, and it looked like some of the mess had escaped down her thighs, as well. Jenny thought her own panties looked bad, but there’d be no saving hers.

“Fair enough,” Jenny conceded, “Guess this is what I get for pulling a gun on someone in the toilet. Anyway, here’s what we’ll do: I’m gonna take your gun and walkie-talkie, and I’m gonna handcuff you to something in here. If you don’t make a move, I don’t have to shoot. We clear?”

Still scowling, but also still blushing and tearing up, she glanced back to Jenny, “... Clear.”

“Awesome,” Jenny confiscated the officer’s gun, sticking it in one of her own pockets. She retrieved the handcuffs, and used her pistol to push the woman forward, and down onto the ground. She cuffed her to a pipe under the sink, and then took the walkie-talkie as she stood back up. The cop was clearly trying to find some way to sit that didn’t have her sitting right on top of her mess. Judging her squirming and cringing, she wasn’t very successful. “Now don’t you worry, I’m sure someone’ll find you before too long.”

“Soon as somebody finds me, I’m coming for you,”

“Girl, if I were you, I’d be way more focused on coming up with an excuse for why I have a load in my pants,” the cop, “Officer Jones,” as a now-visible name tag identified her, continued to glare at her with the most hateful look. Jenny found pockets to stealthily hide the items she’d taken from Officer Jones, put her own gun away, and reclaimed her helmet. As she reached the door, she turned back to the officer, and put a finger up to the front of her helmet, over her mouth. If Jones was smart, she wouldn’t call out for help.

Jenny walked by the employee, who looked even closer to falling into a coma than before. With a mute wave, she left the building. She didn’t even get any gas. She’d have to make do with what little she had left.

Resuming her driving, Jenny was certain she was going to have the rash of the century. Her legs were still damp, and already stung lightly. She could only take solace in the fact that she hadn’t shat herself like Jones. Everything else about her night had been shit, just mercifully not in a literal sense.

When she saw a road sign announcing the town of Ravenwood, Jenny had little choice but to pay it a visit. The morning sun would be up soon enough, and she was exhausted. Surely, there’d be a hotel with a convenient enough place to stash her bike.

*007*2020-06-02 05:52

And here's Part 2! The beginnings of Ravenwood's strange hypnosis start here. Hope you enjoy!

Chapter 2 - The Local Flavor

Jenny’s sleep had not been particularly restful. The small port town of Ravenwood had little to offer in the way of hotels, so the best she could find was a cheap little place nestled into the hillside. She could hardly argue with the view, though. It overlooked the town, and afforded a great view of the ocean.

After she arrived in town, she stopped by a store to grab some new clothes. Again, she was nervous about how she must’ve smelled, but her pants heroically kept her secret, and no one seemed to notice any odor. Once she’d booked her hotel room, she finally had the chance to bathe and clean herself up. Peeling off her pants and panties after soaking them in her own pee for hours turned out to be an activity Jenny did not enjoy very much. Her panties had been permanently yellowed, and her leather pants- while salvageable- would require some thorough cleaning. She began washing them, and tried to repress the knowledge of why they needed to be washed, since she wanted to wear them again but didn’t know if she’d be able to as long as she remembered pissing into them.

But at least she could take it a bit easier, without the cops hot on her ass. The authorities here had likely been notified to be on the lookout, but Jenny knew how to hide in a crowd. She’d eluded arrest more than once, and this time was no different, even with the spirited pursuit they’d given earlier.

Her room was cramped and, judging by the crumbs and dust loitering on the furniture, not particularly clean. But, to her, it was home until she could leave. She made sure the blinds were shut, and collapsed on the bed. Soft enough, but I’m treating myself to a 5-star resort once this blows over. Jenny made some serious bank off the deal, and she intended to pamper herself with it. She lazily turned on the TV and flipped through the channels, fruitlessly trying to figure out what number any channels she actually liked had been relegated to. Within minutes, the day’s exhaustion took her, and, remote in hand, she fell asleep.

###

Ravenwood culture.

Ravenwood culture.

Ravenwood culture.

Hey kid, have you heard about Ravenwood and its culture? Holy shit, talk about something else.

Jenny, not content to sit in her room and watch television for days on end, had ventured into town to alleviate the boredom. In practice, this was a horrible fucking idea. Some kind of festival was going on, and the locals would not shut up about the unique culture and traditions of Ravenwood. Precisely what culture or tradition they were referring to, Jenny couldn’t say. It looked pretty similar to lots of festivals she’d seen in lots of coastal, beachy towns. Vendor stalls lining the streets, selling greasy food and sweatshop-quality seashell and tiki souvenirs.

Buuuut… Even though Jenny hated how much the people patted themselves on the back over their nonexistent “culture,” she had to admit that she did like events such as these. Jenny was a woman with expensive tastes, but even she found the allure of unhealthy festival foods irresistible. With the sudden windfall of cash she’d received, the overpriced souvenirs were of interest to her, too. Browsing through the stalls, the enthusiastic shouting of an older man stole her attention.

“Ladies and gentlemen! Visitors and residents of Ravenwood!” A rotund man stood on a small box, calling into the crowd as a couple assistants opened up a stall behind him, “The Historical Society is pleased to announce a gift to everyone!” He then grumbled out, “Or at least, to everyone who gets here before we run out. First come first served!” Jenny craned her neck to see through the small crowd gathered in front of him. Behind the seller, she saw dozens of pieces of jewelry, all bearing a beautiful turquoise gem. Jenny ordinarily didn’t wear jewelry of any kind, but she found herself entranced by the sparkling ornaments in front of her. The golden metal… The resplendent gems… Both glittering in the sunlight.

“Ms. MacCready was able to retrieve even more jewelry from the old wreck.” He paused a second, and Jenny guessed she wasn’t the only one puzzled by the remark, given that he stopped his sales pitch to explain, “For those unfamiliar, not too long ago, Genevieve MacCready took her ship, the Whiskey Spirit, out to sea. Just a few miles off the coast of Ravenwood, she located an old shipwreck from the 1600s, laden with treasure.” He spoke with an odd smugness, as if he was the one who’d found it. She looked around, and there was a similar look of pride on many of the residents’ faces. Evidently it was a large part of their “culture”.

“Now, Ms. MacCready has already donated plenty of these artifacts to the Ravenwood Museum and the Historical Society, so now she has to find something to do with the rest of it. Ordinarily I’d be taking whole wallets for this stuff, but just for today, I’m allowed to hand them out for free, to celebrate Ravenwood’s history!” He punctuated his sentence by grabbing a few necklaces and joyfully tossing them into the crowd. People rushed to grab them, a lucky few being successful and walking off with their new trinkets.

Jenny was smitten with them. Sure, they were positively beautiful, but the connection was deeper, in a way she didn’t fully understand. As if… They wanted to be worn just as much as she wanted to wear them. Things became a bit of a blur as the crowd rushed to the salesman, pushing and shoving anything in their way. For a moment, Jenny’s excitement over the jewelry was overshadowed by her aggravation with the people around her, and she resorted to elbowing, ramming, and punching the people around her. In the brawl that her violence wound up creating, she took the opportunity and reached the counter. The salesman was oddly calm for someone watching what looked like the beginnings of a riot unfolding in front of him. He just smiled, and held out a necklace to her, “I think this one is perfect for you, miss.”

She took it from him eagerly, and happily put it on. Releasing a breath she didn’t know she’d been holding, she realized that donning the ornament had quieted some sort of anxiety inside her. She didn’t want to ever take it off. Skillfully maneuvering around the crowd, she walked away, fiddling with her new necklace as she walked. “Hey, excuse me,” came a gruff but not unfriendly voice.

Jenny turned and saw a woman who’d look pretty intimidating if not for the big smile on her face. Tan skin and long, black hair tied into a messy, carefree ponytail. Standing a head-and-a-half taller than Jenny, and covered in rippling muscles that spoke of impressive strength, Jenny wondered what this person was doing in Ravenwood, and not off winning wars singlehanded. Wait, shit. Is she a cop or something? Does she know who I am? “Uh, yeah? ‘Sup?”

With a couple fingers, she beckoned for Jenny to come over. She didn’t look angry, or like she was about to pounce on her or anything. That, along with her disarming smile helped Jenny calm down enough to approach her. “Just saw you beat the crap outta half that crowd to get your necklace. Not bad.”

“Oh!” Jenny blushed a little. She didn’t often lose composure like she did in the crowd. “One too many elbows in my ribs, that’s all.”

“Ha ha! ‘That’s all,’ she says,” The powerful woman placed a hand on Jenny’s shoulder, “My friend, have you ever thought about working security?”

Security? What a fucking ironic offer. I’m the exact person “security” is supposed to get rid of. “Can’t say that I have. Not exactly the type to stick around one place for too long, y’know?”

“I gotcha, that’s why I run security on a ship.” She brought her hands together, and cracked her knuckles loudly, “I get to beat the crap outta people and travel at the same time.” A certain glimmer in her eyes told Jenny she was telling the truth, and she felt some nervousness welling within her. “My point is, I bet you’d fit right in with us.”

“Well, I appreciate the offer, but I’m only gonna be here for a bit. After that, I’ve got some prior engagements to get back to. Job sounds nice, but I’ve already got enough on my plate.”

“No worries, buddy. Just figured there’d be no harm in asking.” She extended a large hand, which Jenny shook, “Name’s Robin. You ever change your mind, I’m sure we’ll have a spot for ya.”

“T-thanks again… ” Jenny sputtered out, somewhat startled by the strength of Robin’s grip. “I’m Jenny. Nice meeting you.”

She turned around, eager to leave and unsure if she should’ve divulged her real name. “Oh, one last thing… ” Robin began, “Would you be a dear and do something for me?”

Jenny promptly turned back around and approached the taller woman. “What’d you need?”

Robin looked Jenny up and down, and smiled. “You’re not from Ravenwood, obviously. But you’re not from anywhere near here, huh?”

“No Ma’am,” Jenny answered immediately.

The muscular woman frowned, “Y’know, I was hoping you’d say where you’re from.”

“Born in California. Been roaming all over the place since I was 17,” The truth escaped her lips. Jenny’s entire body was rigid, and there was a kind of turmoil raging in her mind. She knew that she shouldn’t be sharing information like this, but something about Robin compelled her to be open. There was both an assurance that Robin would never harm her, but also some sort of nameless fear. Whatever it was, it was too much for Jenny to resist, and her discomfort began to melt away as she drifted into pliant servitude.

“Heard an interesting story about a woman on the run. Something about an arms deal? Assaulting a cop? Wouldn’t happen to have been you, would it?”

“... All me,” The last of her resistance was defeated, and she answered honestly.

“Oh ho!” Robin smiled broadly, “Connections! Be a dear and stay in Ravenwood until we need you. We’ll call on you soon, so make sure your friends are ready to deliver. I think they’ll want their own Ravenwood jewelry, too.”

“Understood.”

“Perfect. All right, you’re free to go.”

The odd questioning finally over with, Jenny strode away. She looked down, and happily regarded her new necklace as she walked. Indeed, she could hardly keep her eyes off of it. Before she knew it, she’d completely left the fairgrounds, and was somewhere with a lot of regular markets and shops. The more she thought about it, the nicer Ravenwood and Robin’s offer seemed. Since the cops hadn’t tracked her thus far, perhaps they wouldn’t, and she’d be able to call the town “home.”

Out of the shadows of a narrow alley, two hands shot out at breakneck speed, grabbing Jenny by the collar and pulling her in. “Hey what the f-!!” She was cut off when her assailant began grabbing at her neck. Panicking, she drove her fist into the attacker’s gut. Hard. And repeatedly. With each successive blow, they keeled over further, and made increasingly pained gasps. At last, Jenny forced them off of her, and shoved the stranger away. They stumbled back before bumping into a dumpster, and using it to support themselves. They also clutched at their stomach, groaning in severe pain.

“Want more?” Jenny was slightly winded, but raised her fists, “Cause I got mooooore… ” An overwhelming dizziness and nausea struck her like a truck, and she, too, had to lean against the wall for support. “Uugh… ” She looked down at the ground, hoping to steady herself and do away with the wooziness. Her strange sickness was all but forgotten when she noticed the massive wet stains on her legs, running all the way from her crotch to her shoes. She’d pissed her pants, and how. But it was cold and clammy, she hadn’t wet herself during the fight. She’d done it several minutes prior, at least. Verifying this observation, there was no puddle around her feet. “Wha-?! Fuck!!” She shoved her hands into her crotch, and her face burned bright red. Not in front of the mugger, dammit!

“You noticed?” The attacker, a woman, judging by the voice, wheezed out. “‘s good.”

“Laugh it up, now… ” Jenny glared at her, “You’ll be cryin’ in a sec.” Able to get a better look at her, she could see the attacker was a young black woman. She was a tad shorter than Jenny, and certainly not as strong, but her oversized jacket definitely concealed a rather athletic build. She had on a beanie, a bright orange shirt under the black jacket, and some olive green cargo pants. By all accounts, she didn’t look like a thug, and if her goal had been to knock Jenny out or something similar, she certainly wasn’t experienced.

“I’m not… making fun of you, dummy,” She was still struggling to speak after Jenny had so thoroughly pummeled the wind out of her. The effort of speech being too strenuous, she instead lifted her hand, in which she clutched Jenny’s necklace.

“You little thief!” She stomped forward, determined to reclaim her property.

“W-wait! Wait!” The thief held up her hands, and there was a look of real desperation on her face. If she just wanted some of that jewelry, there was plenty to go around. She’s not wearing any, and she didn’t just bolt with mine…

“Who are you? What is… All this?” She gestured broadly at the alley and the necklace.

“Don’t you… Feel kinda funny?”

I feel kinda wet, “If by ‘funny,’ you mean ‘sick,’ then absolutely.”

“And you pissed yourself,” The thief pointed at her wet pants, but she didn’t do so in a mocking or taunting manner. She spoke purely matter of factly. Didn’t make it sting any less, though.

“Your point?” Jenny asked through gritted teeth.

“When did that happen?”

“I… I guess I don’t know.”

“That’s right, you don’t know!” She smiled, but if she believed that Jenny was close to understanding, then she was very wrong. “It’s a side effect!”

“A side effect of what?” She demanded.

“This!” She aggressively jingled the necklace in her hand.

“My necklace?” Jenny asked incredulously.

“You were dry before you got it, yeah? And you felt like shit when I took it off you?”

“How does a necklace do anything of the sort?”

“That part’s… Difficult to explain. Listen, we can just- Oh!” She spotted something behind Jenny, “Like, look at that!”

Preparing to whip right back around in case it was a trick, she turned around. Across the street from the entrance to the alley, two people were walking by. They looked like they might be a couple, a young man and woman. And both of them had peed their pants. The boyfriend’s jeans were drenched, and the girlfriend’s shorts had a large wet stain. What nearly floored Jenny was the large bulge in the seat of her shorts. She grimaced in disgust, as the woman's mess had clearly been somewhat wet and was staining and leaking through her shorts. “The fuck am I looking at?”

“They also got some free jewelry, lady.”

“But that doesn’t-”

“You talked to someone, didn’t you? Was it a big woman? Real muscley?”

“Who, Robin? Yeah, I did.”

Yeah… I did. Her conversation with Robin resurfaced like a repressed memory. They way she had to answer her, had to obey her. That was absolutely not normal.

“She’s in on it. She says some magic words, and then you do whatever she tells you.” The thief finally stood all the way back up, choking back more pained noises, “Look, I can tell you all about it at my little hideout. We shouldn’t be talking about this out here.”

“Why on Earth would you trust me, and why should I trust you?”

“Cards on the table, things look bleak, and I think I’ve gotta take a leap of faith here. As for why you should trust me, how about because I think your right hook just took ten years off my life. I pull anything, you can just deck me.” Once again, there was that sincere, desperate look in her eyes. “Oh, and I think I have some clean pants that’ll fit you.”

Whatever was happening, it was definitely not right. Jenny longed for some answers, some ibuprofen for her head, and a shower. For the time being, the stranger could offer her exactly what she needed. “Fine. Lead the way. Name’s Jenny, by the by.”

“Chelle. Now come on,” The woman, Chelle, hurriedly set off.

###

Chelle’s “hideout,” as it turned out, was just her house. The clutter everywhere certainly helped give the impression of some underground rebel’s base in a wartorn land, at least. Jenny eventually decided that the initial, violent, impression she had of Chelle was inaccurate. Since she’d arrived, her host had been nothing but accommodating with the use of her shower and clean clothes. Jenny still elected to operate under a policy of not trusting anybody, but she distrusted Chelle the least.

Once she was cleaned up and there was no trace of her having wet herself, she joined Chelle in the living room. Her new friend was busy perusing dozens of sheets of paper scattered over her coffee table. The papers were covered in hastily written information, haphazardly connected with little lines of red marker. Like a proper mad conspiracy theorist. Had Jenny not been psychically compelled to urinate on herself, she’d be a bit more skeptical of Chelle’s sanity.

“All good?” She asked, and Jenny nodded, “Great. Sit down.” Once she’d made herself comfortable on the couch, she continued, “Now… I can only imagine how confused you must be; and I’ve only managed to break one other person out like that, so I don’t exactly have a fleshed-out process to catch you up, so… What do you wanna know first?”

“Fuck me, good question… ” She leaned back, looking at the ceiling and trying to think of where to begin, “I know you said Robin was in on it, but who’s behind this?”

“Near as I can tell, a woman named Genevieve MacCready.”

“The person who found the jewelry?”

“Seems the natural conclusion. Hardly anyone gets to see her since she found it, and she practically runs the town, now. Truth be told, I don’t even know if she actually found the jewelry. She might be making it.”

“So, if she’s orchestrating this… Why? What’s the point in making everyone in town piss themselves?”

“I told you, that’s a side effect. The jewelry fucks with your head, makes you obedient when they say the right words. When it kicks in and takes control of you, I guess it just kinda overwhelms the brain. Almost every time I’ve seen it happen to someone, they wet their pants, crap their pants, or sometimes both. I dunno exactly what she's ordering everyone to do.” She suddenly wore a thousand-yard stare, and was silent for a long moment before saying, “And be thankful you just peed on yourself. I did both, and walked around town all day before I got snapped out of it.”

“Nasty.”

“Doesn’t even begin to describe it.”

“So, you said that you got someone else free. Who was it, and who freed you? Please tell me there’s some sort of robust network of allies for us.”

“Don’t get your hopes up, I got knocked free by complete accident. Wasn’t paying attention, and ran out into the road. It was raining, and a car couldn’t stop in time.”

“You don’t seem too worse for wear for getting slammed by a car.”

“Only really hit me hard enough to knock my ass down. Lucky for me, my necklace got snapped right off. And, uh… I hate to call shitting in my pants a blessing in disguise, but it really was. The first thing I noticed was the load in my panties, not my missing necklace. Without that damn thing on to mess with my head, I started putting the pieces together. And then, about a week or two ago, I snagged someone else. A friend of mine named Katie. Real handy with a computer. She’s been trying to help by hacking into MacCready’s… whatevers that might have some info on the whole operation.”

“Any good dirt, yet?”

“Some. She definitely knows about it, but they’re pretty tight-lipped in their emails.”

“All right. I think I have one more question.”

“Shoot.”

“I’m… kinda wanted, right now. Like, really wanted. Strangely, though, the cops here don’t seem to be on alert at all. I’m sure they’re swarming just outside of town, but not in town. What’s up with that?”

“I had to guess, Robin or MacCready wants you for themselves. If they’re as in charge as I think they are, then there’s no way they wouldn’t hear about a fugitive taking refuge here. Odd are they want your skills or your connections.”

“Connections, huh… ” The word had a sinister flavor to it. Jenny swore that Robin had told her what they wanted out of her- it was the command that had made her piss herself- but now she was completely drawing a blank.

“Now, I hate to impose, but you do owe me a favor… ”

“You want my skills and connections.”

“Bingo.”

“You got it. I don’t enjoy playing a fool like that, and I’m gonna have to lay low in this town until the heat dies down. No way am I spending my whole time here in underpants I’ve shat in.”

“That’s the spirit!” Chelle stood up, and offered Jenny a hand up, which turned into a handshake once she also stood. “Now, I need to run through a few more things with you, and then I can introduce you to Katie-”

Someone knocked on the door, hard. Both of them nearly jumped out of their skins. “Shit, shit, okay, stay calm.” Chelle fished around in her pocket, and withdrew one of the cursed necklaces, then fastened it around her neck.

“The fuck are you doing?!” Jenny hissed.

“It’s a fake! Now you go hide somewhere! Whoever it is, they don’t need to see you here!” Another harsh round of knocking, Jenny thought they might just batter the door down, “One sec, coming!”

Taking her advice, Jenny ducked behind a large chair in the living room. It obscured her vision of the door, and thus, the vision of whomever was at the door, but she could still see Chelle.

Chelle opened the door, “Oh Robin, hello!” She smiled warmly, but Jenny felt her blood run cold.

“Hi, Michelle. Updates?” The voice was unmistakable, but so much more tacit and businesslike than she’d been earlier. Maybe it’s just an act, to lower your guard. No wait, “updates?” The shit? Is she working for them?!

“Afraid not. I think she’s skipped town, honestly.”

“Hmm. That would be bad. You sure you’ve looked everywhere?”

“Looked everywhere, asked everywhere. No trace. Katie’s pulled off quite a vanishing act.”

“Yes. She has.” Robin’s voice had turned pretty cold, even a little menacing, “Be a dear and tell me, are you sure you don’t know anything at all about where she might’ve gone?” Be a dear… That’s what she said before my memories get all fuzzy…

Chelle claimed her necklace was a fake, but at the magic words, she suddenly stood rigid, eyes trained on Robin, much like what had happened to herself, earlier. Talented actress, I see. Wait a minute. When the commands kick in… So, in order to sell the illusion… She wouldn’t. A slight strain was evident on her face, and she shook slightly. “No Ma’am. I’ve searched and searched, but she’s gone. I’m sorry.” She finished answering in feigned obedience, and then…

Then she sold the illusion.

There was a loud, wet squish. All at once,the seat of her cargo pants were tented out by a large, round bulge. She seemed to have pushed most of her load out at once, and the rounded tent in her pants began to slowly sag down. With another, wetter sound, the load grew once more, then sagged even more rapidly. True to what had happened to Jenny, Chelle stood at attention, unmoving, completely ignoring the mess in her panties.

“Fuck. Fine. Good work. We’ll have to find somebody to track her down. You’re free to go, so go change your pants.”

“Yes, Ma’am.” The door closed, and Chelle let out a huge breath.

“You deserve an award for that.”

“Shut it,” Chelle murmured, reaching back to feel the extent of her soiling. Her face twisted in disgust.

“Seriously, that’s some dedication.”

“Glad you liked the show. You’ll be performing soon enough, too, you know.”

“Beg pardon?” Any trace of mirth was wiped off Jenny’s face.

“We’re in a situation were the bad guys trust you implicitly if you need to change your pants. It’s not pleasant- and believe me, I know it isn’t pleasant- but it’s the best disguise we’ve got.”

“I’m not dedicated enough to this cause to shit myself for it.”

“Don’t worry about it, dude. When Robin starts with that voice and that face, it’ll come naturally.” She didn’t doubt that. “All right, my turn to shower. Make yourself at home, and then we’ll go see Katie.”

“And you’ll tell me why Robin wants her dragged back?”

“She’ll tell you herself.”

*014*2020-07-06 18:20

{{3 hours ago, Shaggydog said:

This is one of the most fascinating stories I have ever read on this site. Any chance of it continuing? Pretty please?

}}

{{1 hour ago, ed2 said:

I agree to that

}}

Thank you both!

The story will absolutely continue, and it's far from over. I was working on a few different projects, including this, but some real life business kinda tore me away for a pretty long while. My time is slowly returning to me, and I'm hoping to get some stuff written up pretty soon. Sorry about the wait.

*016*2020-09-17 22:29

And here is Chapter 3. A little light on the accidents, but it sets up future events. Hope you guys enjoy!

Chapter 3 - Little Lantern

Chelle had insisted upon two things, both of which Jenny strongly objected to.

The first was that, despite having voided her bowels on herself, only her underwear had been dirtied and needed to be changed. After a quick shower, Chelle had thrown on some different briefs, and then her same outfit as before- pants and all. Jenny had to guess that Chelle had become pretty desensitized to the act of soiling herself, and had begun to think economically about just how soiled her clothes had to be before they needed a wash. As far as Jenny was concerned, if she ever shit herself, the entire outfit was destined for an incinerator.

Secondly, that the thing in which Ms. Katie Pierce resided in could be called a “house” by any stretch of the imagination. Before the two women stood a burned out pile of rubble and debris that conceivably could once have been a house.

“So… which rock is she hiding under?” Jenny asked, looking through the long destroyed building. Anything of value had been completely picked away by looters, leaving only charred, fallen bricks and rotted wood.

“Funny,” Chelle dismissed her words, walking around to the backyard. Kicking aside a large piece of sheet metal, she crouched low, and began fiddling with what looked like a metal plate in the ground. Jenny came around to see what she was doing, and arrived just in time to witness her new friend open up the door to what looked like some kind of bomb shelter. “The answer is all of them, by the way.”

She descended down an old ladder, and called out for Jenny to follow suit. The ladder brought them down to a small chamber with a simple metal door in front of them. Chelle banged on the door in a lyrical pattern, which she presumed was a kind of passcode. She finished knocking, and the two of them stood there for a moment. When nothing happened, Chelle banged on the door harshly and in no particular pattern, “Will you open the door already? It’s me!”

She quieted down when they both noticed gentle footsteps approaching the door. A lock was undone, and the door opened slightly. A face appeared in the little sliver, young and suspicious. Instantly, the woman's eyes jumped from Chelle to Jenny, fixing her with a brutally cold glare. Chelle seemed to have expected the reaction, “She’s a friend, Katie. You have my word.” As she spoke, Chelle clearly displayed her neck and all of her fingers, all bereft of mind-altering jewelry.

Katie appraised Chelle’s lack of flair, and then looked back to Jenny. She presumed the woman wanted her to demonstrate the same. With an exasperated sigh, she tugged down her collar and held up her hands. Seemingly as satisfied as she was going to be, Katie disappeared from the little sliver. Chelle pushed the door open and walked inside. Jenny followed suit.

The interior of the shelter was surprisingly nice. Velvet walls with paintings, carpeted floors. The essential survival equipment had been carefully tucked away in little nooks and crannies, making the otherwise cramped space feel like a comfortable, sleepy room. Katie had already fled to the very end of the room, and sat with her legs crossed on an unkempt bed. She was a short, slight woman with pale skin. Dark red hair hung down to her shoulders, perfectly straight. Freckles dotted her youthful face.

“Katie, this is Jenny. She’s a rescue, like you,” Chelle spoke in a slow, careful, and soothing voice.

“Uh-huh,” Katie replied. Not suspiciously, but indifferently.

“Jenny, this is Katie. Please excuse the somewhat rough behavior, she’s not exactly had the best couple of weeks,” Chelle was almost motherly with her treatment of the woman. Surprising, considering her usual attitude.

“Putting it mildly… ” Katie muttered.

“Hey, if you’re gonna help us out of this mess, I’ll put up with it,” Jenny extended the olive branch as far as she was willing. Ordinarily, she was far too proud to tolerate much disrespect.

“You’re gonna help us,” For the first time, Katie spoke directly to Jenny.

“We’re all gonna help each other, because we all wanna get out of this!” Chelle interjected, stopping an argument before it began. “Isn’t that right?” her voice went low and threatening, as she looked between the two of them, “Neither of you wanna run around in pissed-soaked jeans again, right?”

Katie winced a little, and looked away. Her age was pretty hard to guess, but she was probably somewhere in the ballpark of twenty-oneish. Jenny decided that being the bigger person was necessary for their partnership, “I… understand that you’re wary. But don’t worry, I’m on your side.”

“Yeah… I know… ” Katie’s face softened up a bit, and she looked a little apologetic, “Sorry.”

“No worries,” Jenny was seriously biting her tongue. She had absolutely, positively no interest in cooperating with an uppity child. However, given her complete lack of options, she had little choice but to put on a happy face and try to make the situation as tolerable as possible. “So why is She-Hulk after you?” Chelle was smiling, pleased that the hostility had only lasted a moment.

“I learned a little more than some people wanted me to, so now I live in a hole in the ground.” Katie’s answer was about as brief and unsubstantial as she expected.

“Remember I told you Katie was super good with computers?” Chelle broke the ensuing silence, “Well, she stumbled across something, and-”

“Basic stuff, really,” Katie interjected, “Essentially some dodgy stuff about a woman named MacCready making off with a lot of money that didn’t belong to her. Thought it was weird that the guys she swindled didn’t go after her, so I figured she was blackmailing or threatening them.”

“Mind control wasn’t the first guess?”

“Nope. Thought I could siphon off a bit of the money for myself, so I dug a bit deeper. They started bringing in tons of jewelry, and handing it out. Had no clue what that was all about, figured it was nothing. I went to go check it out, and fiddled with one of their necklaces… then eventually I put the thing on… ” Her tone grew increasingly somber, and Jenny could guess why.

“Memory gets a little hazy there,” Katie continued, “But I remember talking to Robin, and telling her about my snooping and hacking. I think they had me do some work for them, but I can’t recall any of it. Then Chelle-”

“Attacked you in an alley?”

Katie stopped mid sentence, clearly caught off guard. She gave an incredulous look to Chelle, who only shrugged. “Nooo… ” the hacker intoned slowly, “Then Chelle told me I’d dropped something, and when I turned around to check she snapped my necklace and I realized… what I’d been doing.”

“She’d peed in her pants,” Chelle said simply.

“Hush!” Katie commanded, blushing deeply.

Jenny internally cringed at the memory of noticing her own soaked pants, “Well, you’re not alone.”

“Doesn’t make it any better, really.”

“Well,” Jenny hatched an idea, something that might make her feel a bit better, “At least you and I are proud members of the ‘Haven’t Crapped Our Pants’ Club.” She fixed Chelle with a teasing look.

Katie chuckled, an innocent and quiet sound. Chelle puffed out her cheeks, and said through gritted teeth, “So glad to see you guys getting along.”

The two of them laughed at her embarrassment. “So anyway,” she continued, “When I failed to check in with Robin, they realized I’d somehow gotten free. Even though I hardly remember anything, I still knew way too much. Chelle showed me this place, and I’ve been hiding out here ever since, trying to hack something or other to find out more info. Been calling myself ‘Little Lantern,’ whenever I do, but they pretty much know it’s me.”

“Remember what Robin was asking earlier?” Chelle turned to Jenny, “I’m trying to make them think she left town, put them on the wrong trail.”

“Smart. I know a thing or two about hiding from people hunting you, so I think I can help you optimize all this.”

In the middle of the conversation, Katie’s face lit up with some sudden idea, saying, “You know, if you wanna join our little group, I think I have just the mission for the two of you.”

###

“So how exactly did you find out about a bomb shelter?” Jenny asked as she and Chelle walked towards their target.

Chelle shushed her harshly, “Don’t talk about it outside!”

“Nobody’s listening.”

“That you know about.”

“Fine, keep your secrets,” Jenny idly fiddled with her replica necklace. She had a discerning eye for fakes, and she knew that a close enough observation would reveal their trick to the bad guys. She was not a nervous woman, but she could feel a genuine concern that someone would see through the ruse and ruin their ace in the hole.

It was just shifting into evening, and Jenny was thankful for it when the sun finally dipped behind some buildings and she didn’t need to squint anymore. “Should we talk strategy?” Jenny inquired after a moment of silence.

“I guess. You got an idea?”

“You bait the guy over, I’ll steal the key.”

“Kind of a vague plan,” Chelle replied, “We don’t even know where the key is.”

“I’d wager it’s either in the manager’s pocket or behind the counter. Either way, I can nab it if he’s not looking at me.”

“I just… All right,” Chelle had clearly cut herself off. Looking over at her, she looked almost doubtful.

Jenny recognized the look, and it was not a comforting one to see on the face of your accomplice, “What’s up? You look worried.”

Her eyebrows went up, not expecting concern from the practiced criminal, “What? It’s nothing, just nerves, I guess.”

“What’s got you so riled up? This is a pretty simple little operation.”

“‘Simple’? Dude, we’re about to-” She suddenly became aware of her volume, and resumed the sentence in a whisper, “We’re about to rob a store.”

“I’ve hit way bigger places, you know. This is some pretty basic stuff.”

“... You think we got this?”

“I think we’d have this blindfolded,” The reassurance seemed to help Chelle a little. She’d seen a lot of little operations like this go wrong because someone let their nerves get the better of them. Those times, the stakes were usually jailtime if they got caught, but here it was much worse. She really had no intention of becoming anybody’s puppet.

The two continued walking, until the target was in sight: a local store just called Bray’s. It was nestled between two larger brick buildings, and had both alleyways blocked by sturdy metal fences, with one side hosting a locked door.. Place sold a little bit of everything, according to Katie. And according to some communiques she dug up from somewhere, a spot behind the store served as a dead drop location. She didn’t exactly know what they’d find there, but it was supposedly connected to MacCready somehow. All they needed to do was pilfer the key from the owner, slip around the back of the store, and try to find the drop off point.

“Just talk to him. Keep him busy. Pretend you wanna buy some random shit, and just keep asking questions about it. Don’t be afraid to act like you’re dumb. Nothing you say is wrong as long as he keeps looking at you,”

“Got it,” Chelle replied with some determination.

Pushing open the door to Bray’s, the pair entered. They looked around, seeing shelves full of random general goods, and shelves of random trinkets and knick-knacks. It was a bit of a tourist trap. After several seconds, someone emerged from a back room and greeted them with a hearty “Hello there!”

The speaker was a middle-aged, slightly pudgy man. As stealthily as possible, Jenny elbowed Chelle until she answered him, “Um, hello! Uh, how’s your day going?” Jenny was grateful the man seemed pretty friendly; should make talking to him easy enough. She was just about to get started looking for a key when she spotted the glittering gold and emerald ring on the man’s finger. They had him, all right.

She loitered about for a short moment, until she was sure his eyes were off of her. And credit where it was due, as nervous as Chelle was, she was smart and quickly moved to have the guy face away from the action. She walked behind the counter, towards the cash register. Slowly and gently, she slid open the drawer just below it. Sure enough, lots of essentials and important bits were stashed there. After a little sifting around, she located the key near the back corner. At least, she located a key. Just to be safe, she checked around in the other drawers, but found nothing else of note.

Returning to the aisles and acting like she hadn’t ever left them, she called out “Oh, hey! The time! We gotta get going!”

Chelle turned and looked at her, startled and nearly losing her composure, before answering, “What, did we take that long? Crap.” She looked back to the shopkeeper with an apologetic smile, “Sorry, but we gotta go.”

“Oh uh, no problem. You two have a nice day!”

Exiting the store, Chelle instinctively moved in the direction of the alley with the door, before being pulled in the opposite direction by Jenny. “Not yet,” She said plainly, “Go this way so he sees us through the window and knows we went the other way. We’re gonna circle the block and get to the fence that way.”

“Ah. That makes sense,” She still seemed jittery.

Chelle had operated pretty well, and Jenny wanted to keep her morale up, “Good job, by the way. We rocked it.”

She responded with an appreciative smile and quick “Thanks.”

###

The stolen key was, indeed, the one they needed. Ensuring that the door was closed behind them, they carefully tread into the space behind the store. All that seemed to be there were some garbage bins, old and weathered boxes, and some electrical equipment. “This is your turf, now,” Chelle whispered, “Where is this kinda shit normally hidden?”

Jenny didn’t answer, instead moving towards an errant crate that was separated from the others. A peek inside of it revealed it was empty, but Jenny had a feeling about it. With a quick shove, she revealed a hole in the ground that had been covered up by the crate. Inside was a black garbage bag that had been tightly wound and bound over some small, cube shaped package. “Whaddya make of this?” Jenny inquired as she lifted it from the hole. It was unexpectedly heavy for something so small.

Chelle took it in her hands, and almost dropped it as soon she received it. “Whoa! Fuck, it’s heavy is what I make of it… ”

“Definitely a dead drop,” Jenny took the mystery package back into her own arms, “Well, mission accomplished, let’s run this back to Katie-”

The sound of a key turning a lock froze the blood in her veins. Someone was unlocking the gate. Chelle had noticed it as well, and the two women rushed to re-plant the package into its hole, and cover it back up. The two of them dove behind a tall dumpster, taking measured, silent breaths. Heavy footsteps thundered in the now silent backlot, but more terrifying was the unmistakable sound of a shotgun cocking.

“I know you took my key!” The voice belonged to the shop owner, who caught on a lot quicker than they hoped he would. Then a harsh chuckle, “Heh heh, bet you didn’t know I had a spare!” There was a scraping sound, a metal hatch being opened. He slammed it shut just as quick. A slight creak as he opened a wooden crate.

Oh fuck, he’s looking for us… Aaaand I just so happened to have left my gun somewhere else.

His heavy steps drew closer, then more distant repeatedly. He’d kept spotting a potential hiding spot and gunning straight for it. Jenny’s body was tensed and coiled like a spring, ready to jump into action in an instant. She was well accustomed to having guns shoved in her face. The same could not be said for her partner sitting next to her, however. Chelle, even as much of a tomboy as she was, could not hide her fear at being on the business end of a shotgun. Chelle’s legs were raised slightly as she sat, and both of her hands were buried in her crotch. The placement seemed to be largely unconscious, as she was peering over her shoulder, trying to watch the gunman.

A very faint hiss was audible, emanating from Chelle. The crotch of her green cargo pants was turning dark very rapidly, and a pool spread across the concrete underneath her bottom. Her butt would be soaked, and Jenny could see the wetness seeping into the fabric on her inner thighs just a bit. Once the growing urine puddle got too close to her, Jenny tried to move, only to notice a bunch of garbage that had spilled out of the dumpster. Aluminum cans and some glass bottles. They’d make way too much noise if she tried to move away. She had no choice but to close her eyes and pretend the liquid soaking into her left leg wasn’t her friend’s piss.

After a few minutes of searching with no results, the man shoved the dead drop crate aside, and inspected the package. He made a surprised sound, having expected the package to be long gone. He fiddled with it before dropping it back into the hole and covering it back up. He stood silently for a moment, but finally wandered out of the backlot, muttering “Did I just forget where I put it… ”

Once he was gone, and the gate was closed and locked, the two let out the breaths they’d been holding. Chelle finally looked down at herself and the puddle she was sitting in. She looked crushed, and just murmured “Ah, shit.”

“You pissed my pants, too,” Jenny snapped, gesturing at the stain on her left leg. Her disgust had overwhelmed her sympathy, at least until she saw tears brimming in the woman's eyes.

“S-sorry… ” Was all she said.

I guess I can’t expect her to be as bold as I am about this kind of stuff. After all, she’s not actually a hardened criminal, just a desperate woman trying to do whatever it takes to save her home.

Jenny sighed, stood, and offered a hand to Chelle.”Come on, buddy, time to get up.” She bit her tongue and suppressed a reaction when Chelle took her hand, and Jenny remembered the hard way that her friend’s hands had been buried in her crotch as she peed. “Don’t worry about it, We’re both fine, and we won. We’re gonna get the package and we’re gonna beat the bad guys with whatever is inside.”

“Yeah… ” Chelle forced a smile, but the experience was clearly still too much for her.

“Attagirl,” Jenny gave her a hard pat on the back. Letting her friend lean against the wall and collect herself, Jenny shoved the crate aside a final time, and retrieved the package.

###

Chelle was being quiet as they walked back to Katie’s hideout. Given the weird circumstances of the town, she was not overly upset at having to walk around in public wearing piss-soaked pants. Heck, by her own admission she would often… go in her own pants and underwear because it helped her to blend in. It was the lasting shakiness of terror that gripped her still.

“Wanna hear a funny story?” Jenny asked, hoping to cheer her up a bit.

“Uh, sure.”

“As you know, I happen to be a part of lots of business ventures that the law, y’know, frowns upon.”

“Uh huh.”

“Well, one time some associates and I were stealing some valuables from an exhibit after dark. We had a pretty new member, Kyoko. She was real promising, and had a natural talent for thievery. Well, we cased this place for a while, then finally went in. Everything went off without a hitch until Kyoko got spotted. Guard ran up and grabbed her, and as soon as he did, let me tell you, she let loose in her undies.”

“Did she?” Chelle smiled a little, but it was a genuine smile this time.

“I came to her rescue, of course, and knocked out the guard. Was a lot harder to sneak out when you could smell Kyoko from a quarter mile away, too.”

The younger woman laughed, “I’m glad that I have the blackmail material of seeing you wet your pants,” Chelle joked, seeming to be ready to forget her indiscretion, “Makes me confident that you won’t tell anyone about this,” She gestured to the large wet stain on her pants.

“Nah, if I was gonna tell anyone about you, I’d start with how you crapped on yourself talking to Robin,” Jenny smirked.

“You pissed. In your pants. And I will tell the world.” She mock-threatened.

“... I can do you one better,” Jenny began, mentally screaming at the recollection of this story, “I came to Ravenwood because I was on the run. Loads of cops chasing after me. They did not let up. Had me on my motorcycle for hours.” Jenny placed a hand on Chelle’s shoulder, “My friend, never commit crime with a full bladder. Halfway through the chase, I couldn’t hold it anymore, and just had to let it out, all over myself, my pants, my bike.”

“And you made fun of me when I did on purpose in front of Robin.”

“And I really have to commend your mastery of the craft. Took me like 10 minutes to finish it, my brain just wouldn’t let it happen.”

The two of them continued their walk, the mood notably brighter. Although, while Chelle had been cheered up (at the cost of Jenny’s dignity), worry was slowly flooding into the master criminal’s mind. That guy was in on it, for sure, and he’d seen their faces. He’d seen the two of them together. No doubt they’d be under suspicion. Whatever was in this package, Katie needed to make something of it, and fast.

*021*2020-11-29 22:21

{{5 hours ago, hauntedhouse4 said:

This was a great story. Any chance it will be finished?

}}

Thank you!

And it absolutely will be finished, I'm just super slow.

*023*2021-02-10 20:47

{{12 hours ago, Theonlysaneperson said:

Friendly bump checking on updates.

}}

Don't worry, update's coming. Next chapter is almost ready, I've just been getting swamped with college stuff. I'm terrible at giving and then actually following deadlines, so I'll just say that the next chapter will probably be finished in the next several days.

For a teaser, I'll say that this chapter focuses a lot on Katie.

*024*2021-02-12 05:03

Turns out I had more spare time today than I thought. Here's the update, and it's a rather long chapter. Be warned, there is a little bit of male wetting this chapter, but it's relatively minor in comparison to the many female accidents.

Chapter 4 - The First Rescue

Jenny woke in half a panic. Her eyes shot open, and she sat upright. Ignoring the sleepiness still weighing down her body, she patted herself down, as if verifying that everything was in the spot it belonged. A quick scan confirmed that she was in her hotel room, where she’d gone to bed. Everything was fine, it seemed.

Her sleep had been plagued by twisted visions of… Atrocities. That word seemed fitting for what Jenny had seen in her sleep. Homes burned, fortunes stolen, lives taken… and Jenny had been the one to do all of it. At the command of an unseen master, she tore apart and ended lives. In the dream, she could feel one of the cursed necklaces wrapped around her throat like a noose.

Just a nightmare… Just a bad dream. Stress induced because I couldn’t stop thinking about what would’ve happened if Chelle hadn’t bailed me out… All it was. She shook her head to banish the vile thoughts, I’m a criminal anyway! Not the murder kind, but I’m no stranger to doing bad things, at least.

She brushed her hair out of her face, but froze at a sudden realization. She wasn’t sure if the wetness below her was sweat or… something worse. Tossing her blanket aside, she heaved a great sigh at the sight of the large stain she was sitting on top of. Glancing at the clock, it wasn’t even 7 yet, and she had no plans with Chelle or Katie anyway. There was plenty of time to hide the evidence. She climbed out of bed and lumbered towards the shower, eager to clean herself up.

###

Sorry dude. Got personal stuff to tend to. No food for a little while, the text message read.

Katie grimaced at the news. Given her neurotic tendencies, she’d barely touched the last few meals Chelle had brought for her. They hadn’t had the time to stock the shelter with non-perishable food, so her friend had just been bringing her fast food or some snacks a couple times a day. But over the last couple days, Katie had been feverishly trying to open the box, to the expense of her own health and sanity.

It was just a featureless black box with a little keyhole. All three of them had tried their hand at picking the lock- an art Jenny claimed to be an expert at- but none of them could beat it. Katie glared angrily at the cube. They really didn’t have time to be messing around; its absence would be felt very soon, and Jenny and Chelle would be suspects. Whatever was in there, they needed it in their arsenal yesterday. That was, of course, assuming it was something that they could even use. For all she knew, the only thing in the box was a damn sandwich.

She tried to think of ways to crack it open, but nothing good came to her. As she stared in despair at the object of her consternation, the silence was broken by a hungry growl from her stomach. I need food… She begrudgingly admitted. Rising from her workstation, she threw on some clothes and did her best to look presentable. Luckily, her dark red hair was just eternally straight, and hardly ever required any kind of major brushing. A little perfume to mask that she’d been living in a cramped shelter for weeks and probably did not smell fantastic. Satisfied that she looked fine, she threw on an oversized hoodie Chelle had lent her, and made for the door.

She stopped just shy of it, and wondered if she should contact Jenny. Chell was busy, and it would be extremely dangerous for her to leave all by herself. But Jenny was practically still a stranger to her. The two had barely said five sentences to each other, and the thought of going on an outing with her filled her with anxiety. She’d almost rather be caught by Robin. No, she was perfectly capable of slipping out to grab a burger and getting back home.

###

Ever the recluse, Katie had never cared much for the outside world. Once it was taken from her, though, she began to miss it terribly. Satisfied and feeling full after a meal at a local restaurant, she knew that it was time to head home, but she couldn’t bring herself to leave so soon. The fresh air was scented with an even mix of pine and sea salt. It was crisp and chill, refreshingly so. The sky, even overcast and dreary as it was, was a far sight prettier than her gray ceiling. She decided to at least take a more scenic route back to the shelter.

More than anywhere else, Katie found herself staring at the clouds. She missed them most of all, even if they were presently threatening to rain on her. She’d even switched her desktop wallpaper from anime art to a picture taken from a high cliff she’d found on the Internet. Thunder rumbled in the distance, and Katie walked with her eyes locked to the sky…

Which is probably why she crashed into someone else.

She instinctively reeled back, and fell flat on her butt, but the guy she bumped into hardly seemed to have felt anything. “You all right?” Came a kind and concerned voice. One she recognized. Miles, an old friend she’d gone to high school with. He extended his hand to help her up, and she accepted it, blushing as he hoisted her to her feet.

“Yeah, uh, I’m okay,” Katie said in a small voice, embarrassed at her own clumsiness. No, she admitted to herself, I’m blushing about more than that. She’d had kind of a big crush on Miles throughout high school, but had never had the guts to broach the subject to him. He had a lot of the same interests in video games, movies, and other media as she did, although he was also rather athletic. It seemed to have paid off, since she could tell that his thin, slightly short body belied his fitness.

She was largely over her feelings for him, although she still couldn’t deny an attraction to him. At least, until she noticed the large pee stain on the front of his shorts. She had to admit that was something of a turn-off. A quick scan of his neck and hands revealed a little ring on his right hand. They got him… Katie realized in despair. She tried to think of what they might want from him, but aside from an affluent family, nothing came to her.

And it wasn’t good that he had a ring instead of a necklace. Chelle hadn’t had any trouble just snapping a necklace off of Katie and Jenny, but a ring would be a little more challenging. “So uh,” Katie began, “What’re you doing out here in the almost-rain?”

“Oh, y’know, boss just sent me out on some quick errands.”

“Where do you work?”

His friendly smile faltered a little, and he seemed to be internally struggling, “Docks.”

Did they do something to him? He looks like he barely remembers his own name. Maybe that ring makes him forget stuff they don’t want getting out. Maybe I can get him to spill something, “That’s cool. Um, do you wanna… go anywhere… ?” Fuck me, I’m bad at this.

Also not thrilled that I’m finally asking Miles out, and the fact that he’s wet himself is the least terrible thing about it.

“Sorry, Katie, but I gotta go,” No, you already took care of that, “But we’ll talk later! Barely seen you since high school, so it’ll be fun to catch up.” His friendly smile returned, and he took off down the path, into town. As far as she understood the weird mind control, people tended to have accidents when it kicked in; so he must’ve been summoned to his “employers” and peed his pants. Seeing Miles go, she felt really bad for him. It was degrading and humiliating, even if he wasn’t aware of it. And the longer they left him like that, the greater the chance they’d make him do something terrible.

And then-

Oh. Oh no. Oh shit, oh fuck, fuck, fuck! Katie’s heart went so cold and still it felt like she’d been hollowed out, He recognized me! He saw me! What if he tells them? What if he’s late because of me and he brings it up and doesn’t even know that he’s gonna get me killed?!

Her internal panic continued as she brought out her phone and began typing a message to Jenny,

SOS

NEED HELP ASAP

AT SMITH STREET

HURRY

She was gonna get an earful from both Chelle and Jenny, she knew, but that was a problem for later.

###

“All right, from the top here,” Jenny began, very annoyed, “What, exactly, convinced you this was a good idea?”

The two of them sat on a bench beneath a tall tree, Katie now with her hood up. “I… I knew it wasn’t a good idea… ”

“Then why did you run around outside and let people see you?”

“Because I was losing my mind in that room! I thought I’d be fast enough, okay?”

Jenny heaved a deep sigh, “Well, what’s done is done, I suppose. Right, planning time. Miles, tell me about him.”

Katie hesitated, then answered with a blush, “A guy I knew in high school. Had a big crush on him. We talked about games a lot and-”

“Where is he, and is he armed?” Jenny interrupted.

“Oh! Uh, right… I guess that’s more… im...por...tant… ” Katie’s voice trailed off, and her blush deepened. I shouldn’t expect her to know what I mean by that, Jenny thought. “Okay, uh, Miles lives a few blocks down. Two-story white house, on a small hill. It’s the only one like that, you can’t miss it.”

“And he’s sporting a ring, not a necklace?”

“Yeah.”

“Wonderful. That’ll be fun. Is he dangerous at all?”

Katie shook her head, “He’s a big softie.”

“He might be, but is brainwashed Miles gonna be a big softie?”

“Maybe not,” She conceded, “He’s not a jock or anything, but he’s pretty strong. I don’t think he has any weapons, though.” Jenny began concocting a plan, but Katie volunteered more, “They’ve got him doing something down at the docks. When I asked, he seemed really distressed. I think it’s something bad. And I know he went back to work.”

“Down at the docks, huh? All right, I think I got what I need.” Jenny stood up and stretched briefly. As she started to walk, Katie jumped to her feet and grabbed her arm.

“You’re not gonna… hurt him, are you?” She looked terribly worried.

Jenny tried to be sympathetic, but had to be honest, “That’s gonna depend on Miles, I’m afraid. Can’t have him jeopardize the operation.” Katie’s face twisted in misery, and she looked on the verge of tears. She’s blaming herself, Jenny realized, As she should, since she put all of us, including Miles, in danger. Still… “I’m gonna do everything I can to avoid any real trouble. If he’s anything like us, his hostility will melt away when he realizes that he needs new underpants.”

Katie seemed at least a little comforted. “Oh! That reminds me, I wanna make one quick stop before we head to the docks.”

###

A little static buzz from Jenny’s earpiece preceded Katie’s voice, “Testing, testing, you hear me?”

“Loud and clear.”

“Awesome. Head for the side door now.”

In truth, Katie had made two stops on the way to the docks; the first was by the shelter so she could grab her laptop and earpiece. The second was a little present for her friend. The docks were large, and made to receive many boats at once. The scale of it seemed wrong for such an otherwise tiny town. Katie had chosen some safe spot from which to oversee their mission through her laptop, and Jenny could not even pretend to guess what sort of hacker witchcraft she was pulling off to be able to direct her.

Deciding not to question it, Jenny approached the little, inconspicuous door on the side of a very large loading dock building. Checking that she was “dressed” for the occasion, she verified that the fake necklace glittered just over her chest. She was otherwise just wearing a tee-shirt under a brown leather jacket and some tight jeans. Probably not what the workers were supposed to wear, but ideally she wouldn’t be seen at all.

“You remember Chelle’s little disguise cheat code, right?”

“Katie, no matter how bad it gets in there, I’m not gonna crap my pants blend in. However, I one-hundred-percent support naming that trick after Chelle.”

Her guide chuckled, “I know it’s… Well, ‘gross’ is kinda an understatement, but if it’ll save your life… ”

“Ugh, yes, I know,” She groaned, “But that is the nuclear option. Anyway, I’m going in.” She pushed open the door, and entered a facility stacked to the ceiling with large wooden crates. All of them seemed to have no markings on them. “Euugh, oh fuck, that smells awful… ”

“You’re in a warehouse full of fish, dummy,” Came the voice through her earpiece, “They don’t smell nice.”

“I have smelled fish, Katie. This is not fish. It smells more like… Well, it smells like Chelle’s ‘disguise’ in here.” Jenny tried to watch her volume. She did not want to alert anyone.

“Oh. Well uh… I mean, Miles works there, and he um, you-know-what’ed his pants, so maybe more of the workers there are being controlled, too. In the same boat, you could say.”

“Puns are forbidden during mission time,” Jenny groaned. She slowly advanced through the walls of crates. Somewhere in the corner of the building, she heard voices; two men, making idle conversation. Not wanting to speak and possibly make too much noise, she settled for lightly thumping her earpiece with her finger.

“I hear you, what?” Katie sounded annoyed. She wasn’t understanding the signal.

Jenny bit her tongue to hold back an insult or two, “There are other people here, am I good to move on?”

“Oh! Um, yeah, you got loads of space, and there’s walls of boxes in front of them.” A series of keyboard clacking came through the earpiece, “Okay, there’s a door on the wall to your left, over near the far corner. Go through that.”

Making the weighty decision to trust her navigator, she slinked between the crate walls, enjoying that the workers’ conversation grew quieter and more distant. It was difficult to avoid getting turned around, but after a couple minutes she saw the door. As she approached it, she heard rustling and wind in her earpiece. “Katie,” She whispered, “Are you moving? What’s going on?”

“What? No. Nothing. Don’t worry about it.” There was more noise, and she continued, “Um, listen, unexpected complications. Just look for Miles, okay? I’ll get back in touch in a sec.”

“Katie?!” She hissed, but there was no reply. Jenny practically growled in frustration. She was mentally rehearsing the verbal lashing she was going to give her later. With no other option, she gently pushed the door open. Or at least, she tried to, but it was locked. Retrieving her lockpicks from her jacket pocket, she set about convincing the door that she had a key. After a short moment, she succeeded, and calmly opened it.

The room it led to was some sort of administrative room, full of filing cabinets, shipping manifests, and a big safe in the back. And a young man, looking quite startled at the intrusion. He was maybe an inch shorter than her, with messy brown hair. He wore a white shirt, and some green shorts- notably with a wet stain across the front. He seemed quite surprised, and more than a little confused. “Uh, hello? Are you supposed to be in here?”

Thinking on her feet, Jenny answered, “You Miles?”

“Yes?”

“Good. I’m here to oversee a trade. Robin sent me to grab you.” She’d learned long ago that you could sneak in almost anywhere if you just pretended like you were supposed to be there.

“Ah… I wasn’t told about any trade. Robin would’ve just texted me if-”

“She was already getting impatient, kid. Move it or lose it.”

He seemed quite conflicted, and still very confused. She knew that she was lying to him, and that was definitely part of it, but something seemed off about him. How long have they been using him? She sighed, and decided to go for a more direct route by grabbing his hand. He tensed and tried to pull away, but she turned and led him out of the room. “This way, kid.” His resistance petered out strangely quickly. Once his guard was lowered, Jenny moved her fingers about until she could feel his ring, and then, in as fluid a movement as she could manage, yanked it off of his finger.

“Hey hey! That’s mine!” He shouted, much louder than necessary. She slammed the door, hoping to prevent the other workers from hearing, but found herself suddenly attacked by Miles. He grabbed her arm, and tried to pry her fingers open to get his ring back. With her free hand, Jenny began to shove him back. The harder she pushed, the harder he held on. “Snap out of it, Miles! I’m here to rescue you!”

“What’re you talking about?” He didn’t give up the fight.

“Look at yourself!”

“Look at what?”

“Look down, you idiot! You pissed yourself!”

“I did not, I-” He gasped as his eyes finally perceived the stain on his pants. He frantically grabbed the wet spots, confirming the sensation that would then be registering on his legs. “What? I… When did that… ?”

“Long story, buddy. Don’t feel bad, it wasn’t your fault.”

“Um, who are you?” His face was burning bright red. Sympathy wasn’t something that came very naturally to her, but she knew exactly how he felt.

“I’m with Katie, and speaking of her… ” She thumped her earpiece again, “Katie, are you there? I rescued your boyfriend, what now?”

“Her what?”

###

Is this the dumbest thing I’ve done today?

It might be.

Hmm… Is it dumber than me going out in the first place?

Katie hurried towards the docks. She was certain that people had spotted her in her first hiding spot, that they were gathering and spying on her. She’d had to move, and she found herself moving towards the warehouse. She wanted to see Miles rescued in person, to make sure he and Jenny were okay. But now, she found herself trying to sneak in, and she was nowhere near as good at it as Jenny. The laptop bag she was carrying certainly did not make things easier. Doubly do because it was stuffed full of more than just her computer.

She entered the same door as the more experienced felon, and tried to follow the same path. She made it to the center of the warehouse when a hand clasped her shoulder from behind, eliciting a frightened yelp out of her.

“I don’t recognize you. Who are you?” The voice was a woman’s, and it was cold and menacing.

Katie shivered and turned around. A tall woman in a fine suit looked down at her. She didn’t recognize the woman, and fortunately it seemed the stranger didn’t know who she was, either. Katie swallowed, hard, then spoke, “U-um, I’m h-here to… t-to… ”

“Spit it out.” The stranger was rapidly losing patience.

Katie’s mind was racing, but her nerves were getting the better of her, and she couldn’t think of what to say. An idea popped into her head just in the nick of time, as she remembered Chelle’s disguise. She did need to use the bathroom, after all. She worried for a second that she would need to strain and force herself to go in her pants, but she was frightened enough that it was actually surprisingly easy.

She felt her bowels begin to empty, and almost regretted that she remembered the trick. She would’ve preferred to just pee her pants, but her bowels answered her first. With a wet crackle, she felt warm mush rush out of her, and nestle into her panties. Her jeans were baggy, and left lots of room for her poor underwear to bulge as the mess spread, sagging her panties. She was certain the sounds of her pants-soiling were perfectly audible, and her cheeks burned as tears stung her eyes.

Nonetheless, she’d done the deed, and should be effectively camouflaged. “I’m here to look at a problem with the… cameras,” She hoped the gap before “cameras” wasn’t noticeable.

“Shitting on yourself isn’t gonna convince me. I didn’t say the key-phrase yet,” The stranger gave her a death glare.

“Wha- I didn’t… K-key-phrase… ?” Katie stammered as she slowly backed up in fear, her mind no longer functioning enough to formulate a proper response. She could only hope her frightened stuttering gave the impression that she didn't know too much.

The stranger stepped forward. She held part of her suit jacket open, revealing a handgun strapped to her side, “I’ll ask you one more time. Who are you?”

The tears fell from her eyes, and the only sound she could make was a terrified cry. Her bladder voided, flooding her panties with hot urine. Her baggy jeans had a lot of fabric for the pee to soak into, creating an uneven stain. The wetness crept down a little past her knees, before her small bladder was empty. While the stain on her pants didn’t show it, some rivulets of pee ran further than her knees, as she could feel some urine in her shoes.

“There you are!” Jenny snapped, emerging from behind some boxes. The stranger glared at her equally as furiously. “Been looking for you.”

“And now who might you be?” The suit-wearing woman sounded like she was on her last nerve.

“I’m a… You seem to be an important person here, so I’ll assume you’re not a cop and be honest with you- I’m a smuggler. Been negotiating some deals with you guys.” She reached Katie, and the younger woman clamped on to her, shaking and sobbing lightly.

“Deals? What sorts of deals.”

“Whatever you guys ask for.”

“Be a dear and tell me: What. Deals?”

Jenny straightened suddenly, and grimaced. Katie could already tell what was happening. She wanted to warn her that the “disguise” wasn’t working, but she knew that she couldn’t say anything without giving the game away. She chose to have faith in her.

With a very messy, muddy sound, the seat of Jenny’s far-too-tight pants ballooned out as a soft mass filled them. The seam down the middle of her pants divided the mess in half, and it spread to either side a short distance. The fabric tinted brown slightly as the foul load began to seep through. Jenny’s mess was far larger, wetter, and messier than Katie’s.

But, unlike Katie, Jenny hadn’t become a gibbering nervous wreck, and kept talking like she hadn’t just taken a shit in her underpants. “Primarily arms deals. Robin called it an ‘insurance policy’.”

“Oh wait,” The stranger leaned in and closely studied Jenny, “I heard about you. Robin’s new pet, yeah?”

“Yes Ma’am.”

“And the runt?” She stabbed a finger at Katie, who whimpered.

“She’s with me. Helps me handle the logistics and inventory, mostly. She normally stays back- like she was supposed to, today- so I think you scared her half to death.” Jenny put her hands on her shoulders to steady her, “I told you to just wait for me to come back. You know you’re not supposed to be in here.”

The stranger had calmed down, and was no longer brandishing her gun. “Ugh, fine. Get her out of here, and tell Robin to notify me about these kinds of things in the future. Now, be a dear and go change your pants, both of you. You reek.”

She stormed off, deeper into the warehouse. Katie hugged Jenny tighter, murmuring “Thank you” into her midsection over and over again. “You guys okay?” Came a male voice. Katie jumped a little, before realizing that it belonged to Miles. He stepped towards them cautiously. She saw his gaze jump from her wet and soiled pants to the load in the back of Jenny’s pants, before settling on his own piss-soaked shorts.

“Let’s get out of here, before we get any more surprises,” Jenny said.

###

The walk out of the warehouse and away from the docks was quiet, since none of them had wanted to draw attention to themselves. Once they were in a more secluded spot, Katie started to talk, “I, um, I brought you these… ” She pulled some clean pants from her bag, and handed them to Miles. “I dunno if the size is just right, but I thought that you’d be embarrassed when you noticed and I didn’t want you to walk around like that and-”

“Thanks, Katie,” He interrupted her with the gentleness of someone experienced with the woman's tendency to ramble, “I appreciate it. Wait. If you knew I’d need these, does that mean that I’d, er, wet myself earlier? When we bumped into each other?”

“Yup.”

“And I talked with you like nothing was wrong?”

“You might’ve peed a little bit more during the convo.”

He closed his eyes in humiliation as he flushed red, “... Wonderful.”

The smelly weight resting against her backside and weighing down her underwear spurred her to speak, “Hey, you don’t get to complain until you shit yourself. Trust me, my pants situation is a lot worse than yours, dude. Now go behind a bush or something and get changed.”

“With pleasure.”

He walked off, and once he was out of earshot, Jenny quietly said, “Katie… ”

She knew where this was going, “Yes?” She answered in a nervous voice.

“My pants are full of shit. Because of you. There is something wet running down the backs of my legs. Because of you. I’m walking around town with my ass stained brown and a load the size of a brick in my panties. Because of you. I had to force myself to crap my pants. Because of you.”

“I know, but hear me out-” She was interrupted as Jenny gripped her shoulders and began throttling her, shaking her back and forth.

“You! Don’t! Abandon! Your! Post! During! A! Mission!” She yelled through gritted teeth. When she stopped shaking her, Katie was dazed and stumbled around, nearly falling over. “Got it?”

“Y-y-yes, Ma’am,” She said with a trembling voice.

“Good. Now let’s get your boyfriend to the safehouse so we can start trying to account for all the damage this operation has caused.”

