Blooper's Random Stories - Page 3

Author: blooper

*050*2018-01-29 06:49

{{On 1/19/2018 at 5:44 AM, ShowOffX said:

Interesting collection ofsource material you have going on, XD.

}}

Yeah I generally just write about whatever I am playing that has good porn targets.

$$

*052*2018-05-19 20:50

{{On 5/9/2018 at 9:32 PM, ics142857 said:

I goddamn love 'blooper canon'. I ship Cordelia and Titania now, and I blame you.

On an unrelated note, have you considered playing/writing about Xenoblade 2? I feel it definitely falls under the 'good porn targets' umbrella.

}}

Yeah TitaniaxCordy is good. I have them supported in Heroes even though they aren't really deployed at the same time ever >.> They are in Heroes rp though!

As far as Xenoblade, I dunno. Pyra is pretty acceptable, but I really don't play much of anything that isn't Fire Emblem anymore, as far as video games go. And games require time x.x It looks relatively interesting and I might pick it up at some point, but I wouldn't give it great odds. I've been playing a bit of Dark Souls 3 tho, so there might be something related to that coming up. Its pretty mindless a lot of the time so I can listen to videos and stuff during it.

*054*2018-09-18 23:08

{{On 7/21/2018 at 6:44 PM, Night Rain said:

Have you ever thought about writing something from Fire Emblem Fate with either Sakura or Elise as the main character for the story?

}}

Frankly, no, I have not. I quite dislike Elise. I don't really mind Sakura, but she is not of real interest to me. There's some possibility I might do some sort of Sakura/Hana thing, their relationship is kind of neat, but I don't have a clue where I'd even go with it. If it hasn't been obvious from my stuff cute little girls isn't exactly my area of interest

