Beth Messes on Purpose [Translated From Swedish]

Author: wetmartini

*000*2021-07-08 17:09

Warning!

This story contains female messing. If that is not your cup of tea, please be warned.

Foreword

I came across this collection of stories on a Swedish site called sexiganoveller (Eng. Sexy short stories). The site seems a bit defunked, but some of the stores were really good. I really liked this one in particular and thought everyone should be able to enjoy it, so I decided to translate it into English. Some parts have minor changes to work a bit better with English. I also changed the names of the characters, from Elisabet to Beth and Emilia to Emily. It seemed more appropriate. The original author of this story and the follow-ups is PantypoopSverige

. This took a long time to translate but I will try to get the other parts translated as soon as possible. Please enjoy.

PS. This is the first story I post here, so I hope I'm doing this right. I didn't find a forum for messing in particular, but I've seen others post messing stories here, so I thought it would be fine. Otherwise could a mod please move it to a better spot? Thank you in advance.

Beth messes herself on purpose: Part 1

Beth is on her way home from the commuter's train. It's 11 p.m. and it's a dark but hot summers night. While walking she's thinking about stuff in general, but what's really on her mind is her rumbling belly. Beth suddenly stops and releases a small fart. It feels nice.

A little bit further down the road, a girl walks off the bus. This girl seems to be close to her own age. Beth keeps walking, and the other girl is walking about 10 meters (33 ft) in front of her.

The girl is wearing skin tight white jeans, "..and has a really good looking butt!" ..Beth thinks while another small fart escapes her.

Suddenly the girl stops, and a faint sound is coming from her. Beth can't distinguish what it is, but thinks it would have been fun if she were farting too. The girl stops again, and this time Beth can definitely hear the sound of a fart. Quite a wet fart at that.

This piqued Beth's interest. "So..she's not the only one breaking wind in the night air" she thought. Imagine if she were to let a big one rip so the other girl would hear her. She speeds up a bit to shorten the distance between her and the girl.

Beth stops for a second and pushes. "PFRRRT!"

They are now walking on Main Street. Some people walk by on the other side of the street. The girl in front of her stops again and farts loudly, then keeps walking.

Beth stares as the girl's butt where a small dark spot is now visible. That surely wasn't there before. Beth is starting to get a bit excited.

Did the girl really just poop her pants..

Were the farts really as wet as they sounded?

The girl stops again. Beth can't hear anything this time, but she's sure she saw the dark pot on the back of the pants grow even larger. She can almost distinguish that it has a shade of brown. Beth's breathing is getting faster. The girl in front of her really just pooped her pants, full force.

Beth can feel her own belly bubbling. Another fart is on its way. Beth pushes a bit without stopping this time. It's a silent one, slowly seeping out with a hiss. She pushes harder and releases a thunderstorm: "PFRRRRRRTCHRT". It's little wet towards the end which surprises Beth and cause her heart to skip a beat. She's 19 years old which isn't exactly poop accident-age. The girl in front of her makes a turn onto a parallel street, and Beth decides to follow her. She's not in a hurry to get home anyway.

The girl looks around, stops and put her hands on her hips. Beth who's hiding behind a dumpster can clearly hear a wet fart echoing between the buildings. The spot on the girl's jeans is once again growing. It's now as big as a saucer (Not the flying kind). The girl suddenly turns around and walks back towards Beth.

Beth doesn't have time to react before the girl says -"Hey. Do you live in this town?".

- "Uhm..yeah." Beth answers shyly.

- "That's good! I'm on my way to Harbor Street. but I don't know the -schprrt- way"

The girl actually crapped herself while talking with Beth.

- "I can show you the way. It's close by" said Beth. -"But I have to ask you something..did you have an accident?"

The girl's face turned red.

- "Yeah I have a bit of a tummy ache, and when I tried to fart, I accidentally pushed too hard"

- "Why didn't you stop then" Beth asked.

- "Well..I thought that since I had already had a small accident, there were no point making myself suffer for no reason. I might as well just go when I had to"

- "I see.." Beth said quietly.

They keep walking towards Harbor Street. It's only about 100 meters away (328 ft).

Beth walks quietly while the girl talks.

- "Of course it's a bit embarrassing having an accident in your pants, but if you think about it, who cares really? No one is getting hurt by it. It's like..it's my choice you know, if I can't be bothered to try and keep it in"

They have arrived at their destination.

- "Thank you so much for the help! I hope you have a pleasant evening!" the girl says.

- "Back at you, and it was my pleasure" Beth says.

- "Hey by the way.." the girl adds. -"You don't have to suffer if you don't want to! I did hear your wet farts too you know." the girls said and winked at Beth.

Before Beth had the chance to say anything, the girl had disappeared into an apartment building.

While Beth is heading home, she thinks about what the girl just said to her. She was right. You don't really have to force yourself if you don't want to. It's not like it's a catastrophe if you just go in your panties.

Beth realize she's forcing her butt cheeks together right now. She's walking stiff tensioning her whole body..why? What would happen if she just relaxed completely?

Considering her earlier farts, she wold probably poop her pants, but whatever. She tried to relax, but her body wouldn't give in to it. She tries to fart again, but nothing happens. She push even harder, and it feels like something is happening, but just as she can feel something coming, her muscles instinctively shut off the action. She shrugs it off and keep walking.

Her belly is bubbling again, and she can feel how she wants to fart. She stops and relaxes completely. It's another wet and silent one, and it smells really bad.

Fuck she's restraining herself again, why? But if she relax, she will definitely shit herself, and it could be quite loose. What does it matter though? It's just poop. She's home in about 10 minutes anyway, and she's not even sure if she will be able to hold it until then if she tried. She relax.

She can feel her bowels start to move now, and her butthole feels warm. She's actively fighting all reflexes telling her body to hold it. It gets even warmer and then she can feel a wet feeling. She has definitely pooped herself a little bit now. It feels wet and sticky between her butt cheeks, just by her anus. Her belly is bubbling again, and a massive fart is on its way.

Beth looks around. The street is empty.

She's telling herself: -"If I fart now, that's it. I will shit myself".

She lets the fart out, but it is not a fart.

Her anus gets really warm, but this time the warmth spreads outwards between the cheeks, upwards in her crack, and downwards, enveloping her pussy. She can feel her tight jeans expanding a bit. She starts walking again with tentative steps. She can feel how sticky it is when she walks, and it's turning her on. She wants to hurry home to inspect the damage.

When she steps inside her apartment she can relax fully. She takes off her shoes and walks straight to the bathroom. She removes her belt and pulls off her jeans. She uses her makeup mirror to inspect her backside.

Her pink panties has a large brown area in the back. Some of the shit leaked out and has started running down her right leg. Beth braces herself and push as hard as she can. She can feel her panties expand even more when loose is flowing out of her. Apparently she has diarrhea.

She steps into her tub and carefully removes her panties. She puts them in a plastic bag together with her jeans. She then pulls out her phone and takes a picture of her lower section.

When she's done she puts on new panties, sweatpants and a big soft hoodie. She doesn't bother with a bra.

The laundry room is fully booked for the rest of the week, so she decides to sacrifice the clothes she just soiled. She takes the plastic bag with her to throw it in the garbage. On her way back up the stairs she needs to fart again. She stops to think about it. The risk of crapping herself again is substantial. Something inside of her is telling her to go for it though. She relaxes and starts up the stairs again. Just as she enters her apartment again, she can feel her panties fill up again.

Instead of washing up directly, she starts ironing some of her clean laundry instead. During her ironing which takes about 20 minutes, she's continually letting small spurts of diarrhea into her underwear and sweatpants.

Her cell starts blinking. It's a message from her uni-friend Emily.

Beth's heart almost stops when she reads the message.

- "I think I saw you by your gate earlier. It looked like you had crapped your pants..haha!"

Beth realizes that she might as well be honest with Emily, since this "not caring"-mentality wouldn't work if she cared what other people thought.

She responds to Emily:

- "I'm very gassy today, it just came out. I couldn't be bothered to hold it"

Beth is a bit nervous for how Emily will react, but she suspect Emily wouldn't tell anyone else. She feels her backside. It's a bit wet, and it feels sticky between her ass cheeks.

Her cell vibrates again.

- "HAHA! Serious? Are you feeling OK?"

- "No worries, it's my panties you should be worrying about lol "

- "maybe you need a diaper? See you tomorrow if you're not pooping water.. G'nite"

- "G'nite "

Beth realizes it's 1 a.m., she throws the panties in the garbage, wash off her ass and goes to bed. As soon as she's under the covers, she starts masturbating. She's so wet, but she doesn't really know why. The feeling of doings something so taboo makes her whole body tremble. Maybe her brain misinterpret it as being horny. She doesn't care. She moans quietly and arrives after only a minute.

She falls asleep with her hand on her naked crotch and sleeps like a baby.

To be continued.

