All Tied Up [Messing]

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*000*2018-11-06 15:52

Chloe woke up, slightly confused. She looked around, and realized she was somewhere in her basement. She tried to move, but couldn't.

"Hnng! Why can't I move?" Chloe asked herself. She then realized. She was tied up.

Her legs were tied together, and her hands were tied behind her back. She laid on her side in a fetus like position. She was trapped.

Chloe wore a pair of black tight jeans, and a comfortable t-shirt. It was Saturday, a lazy day in her book. But this Saturday was gonna be a messy day.

Her stomach then gurgled violently, causing her to squirm. Chloe doesn't know, but inside her system was a large dose of laxatives and a special pill that makes her fart.

She squirmed in place as yet another violent gurgle resonated in her stomach, then down to her bowels.

"Oh god... I have to go..? B-but I'm... Oh no..." Chloe said as she squirmed. Then, a loud, wet sounding fart escaped her bum. She squealed as this happened, clamping her legs together as the smelly fart escaped from her. She groaned as she let it out, then whimpered quietly as the pain in her bowels got worse.

"Oh god... I can't... I won't.. " The air around her stank. Chloe had almost sharted, but next time, she won't be so lucky. Just then, another violent gurgle sounded from her bowels, and she tried with all her might to keep it in.

But the inevitable happened. She squealed as another fart, this time sounding bubbly, escaped her rear and into her tight jeans. She squirmed as the rear of her pants began growing wet, and a bit of mush escaped from her bum as she farted. She continued farting, mush slipping out some more, then she stopped. Chloe blushed deeply as she realized what just happened. Chloe had just sharted.

"Oh my god... I can't believe I..." She blushed redder. Then it hit her. She wasn't going to make it. She was tied up. Trapped.

Just then, another violent bubbly gurgle came from her bowels. She clenched her cheeks together in attempt to stop it. But it was no use.

A wet shart began escaping from her bum. Mush mixed with smelly fart evacuated into the seat of her panties. Then the air was replaced with mush.

"N-noooooo!" Chloe yelped as she began messing herself. Gushing and squelching sound emanated from her backside as her pants and panties began filling up with pure mush. A bulge began forming on the seat of her jeans. Chloe felt every bit of the accident. She felt it smoothening and flattening across her backside.

A bubbly fart escaped her, then a torrent of mush followed, filling her panties to the brim. Her pants couldn't bulge anymore, so the mess began escaping down the legholes of her jeans. The backside of her pants were faintly tinted brown as a massive bulge was formed on her backside.

The back of the legholes of her jeans bulged out as her mess evacuated into them. She couldn't stop. She just continued messing herself. The room stank really bad, and anyone who smelled it would know what Chloe had done.

Chloe grunted as she pushed the remainder of the mess out into her pants, then took fast breaths. Chloe had just shit her pants.

"Oh my god... I just pooped myself... It smells so bad!" Chloe exclaimed. She squirmed, but it did no good. Chloe was trapped.

