Carpooling

Author: Noot

*000*2021-06-20 22:45

This is the first of three parts to a commission from @ed2

! Hope you enjoy!

The doorbell, which rung exactly four minutes and thirty seconds early, made Emily jump in her seat. She'd grown used to leaving it until the last moment to get ready for work- that was a habit, a voice inside her head reminded her grumpily, she was going to have to get out of. Not wanting to keep her visitor waiting, she leant over with her elbows on her thighs and squeezed. Her stream picked up force and the hiss of it hitting the water below doubled in volume.

She'd barely finished going before her hands were running scraps of hastily-pulled toilet paper along her slit to dry it and she was pulling up her knickers and decidedly too-tight work trousers. Emily caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror as she left the bathroom and saw the same person she did every morning before work- eyes barely disguising sleepiness, blouse buttoned smartly, brown hair in a bun far more severe than she would ever dream of wearing at the weekend. This was work-Emily, a person so far removed from weekend-Emily that they may as well have taken their vitamins from two different pill-bottles. That way, she could avoid getting fired.

Emily didn't get many unexpected guests. This one wasn't unexpected either. Fed up of petrol costs, she'd managed to weasel her way into a car-share with a colleague she knew somewhat well. They only lived a few streets away from each other, and Emily hated driving in the mornings, so it was an ideal deal on paper- she paid for half the fuel and in return got a lift to and from work every day. The two of them even worked on the same floor of the office, although they rarely saw each other. This, Thursday, was their maiden journey.

Alice was smiling when Emily opened the door. She always seemed to be smiling. Emily often thought that it made the short women look a good deal younger than her thirty-two years. "Ready to go?"

They walked together just down the road to where Alice had parked, and Emily took a look at her new driver. She'd never seen Alice outside of the office before. Short blonde hair peeked out from beneath a red hat that looked hand-knitted and she'd wrapped her slight frame in a thick woollen coat. It was cold out, and still half-dark on a December morning, and both women's breaths formed ghostly clouds in the chilled air. The frost had reddened Alice's cheeks and the tip of her nose.

They made small talk on the way to the car, which Emily had never much struggled with. She knew little of Alice's personal life, but the girl was easy to get along with and loved to talk. It seemed unlikely that conversation would dry out between the pair any time soon. Chat flowed so easily that Emily barely even noticed the bitter weather, which was exacerbated by the fact that she'd left her coat back at home.

Alice drove a little cherry red Mini that looked no more than a couple of years old. The wall of warmth inside was a blessed relief- clearly, Alice had been driving with the heating on for the few minutes it took to reach Emily's house. A modern dashboard was peppered with options and features that might as well have been Greek to Emily's eyes. By comparison, her own car was an ancient artefact- just another of the reasons why she was happy to let Alice be the driver in their little arrangement. With a few pressed buttons, they were off.

After a minute or two, Emily started to pick up on a strange kind of smell in the car. It wasn't exactly pungent by any means, but she'd always had sensitive nostrils and it didn't take her long to notice an off odour. She wasn't exactly sure what it was, although it reminded her of something between a swimming pool and some sort of vinegar. Even then, it smelt a touch stale, as though she was standing very far away from the swimming pool, or had watered down the vinegar. It seemed rude to ask, though, so she said nothing.

Keeping her mind off the smell was easy at first, as the pair of them took their conversation through the gears. The only thing they knew they had in common was their place of work, so they talked of colleagues and bosses and how much of a pain it could be to find a parking space outside the office. Emily was pleased to find out that they more or less agreed when it came to which of the men they worked with were nice and which were creeps. They had been the only women on their floor for months now.

Eventually, though, as she'd known it would, the old issue crept back up. The problem for Emily wasn't the scent itself so much as her natural curiosity. She knew the smell but couldn't place it, and as someone who was usually proud of her sharp nose, that not knowing bothered her. After a while she summoned up the nerve to ask. She was careful not to word the question as if she was annoyed about the smell, but being asked made Alice blush furiously nonetheless, and right away Emily wished she'd kept her mouth shut.

"Forget it," she said quickly, "it doesn't matter, I was just curious".

Alice shook her head, lips pressed tightly together. "Don't worry, it's not a big deal". She took a breath. "Yesterday, when I was driving home, I sort of... had a bit of an accident".

"Oh?" Emily was a little slow to pick up on what Alice meant, but she quickly caught on. "Oh! I see".

For a second she wasn't sure what to say to fill the gap. Then she realised that her silence might be misinterpreted as disgust or discomfort, so she said, "well, that's fair enough. Happens to loads of people".

Alice was blushing more deeply than ever, but to her great credit she still managed to give Emily a smile as they stopped at a red light. "I know, I know. I was so close to making it home, too, y'know? Anyway, it's kinda embarrassing, so I didn't want to say anything. I thought you might not notice".

Emily winked and tapped the end of her nose. "Sensitive nostrils," she explained, "don't worry, I won't tell anyone. And I don't judge".

Alice exhaled in relief and her shoulders seemed to relax again. "Thanks," she said, "you're the best. And sorry about the smell".

They pulled off again, and for the first time in the whole trip there was a tangible silence. Emily had been surprised by Alice's confession, and it was on her mind. She hadn't been lying when she said she wasn't judgemental by nature, and she didn't think any less of Alice for what she now knew, but it intrigued her nonetheless. Emily, for her part, hadn't wet herself for almost twenty years, and she was only a few years Alice's senior. Some of her friends could be accident-prone when drunk, but sober wettings were a different story.

There wasn't long left of the half-hour drive, and the final few minutes passed quickly. They went back to talking about colleagues and the weather, except this time Emily's mind was elsewhere, returning again and again to what Alice had told her. For some bizarre, almost unsettling reason, she wished she'd asked for the full story. She was curious about the details- what led an outwardly together woman like Alice to wet herself in her own car just a few minutes from home? Why didn't she go at work before she left? Was there traffic? No, there hadn't been- Emily had driven home herself yesterday and had breezed back in near record time.

And had it happened before? Surely not. Not to someone like Alice. The woman was a model professional, the CEO's personal assistant for half a decade, never one to be so much as a minute late. It was odd enough for Emily to picture organised, uptight Alice having one accident, let alone multiple. She wanted to ask these questions, but after how embarrassed Alice had been earlier she thought better of it. Instead she looked out of the window and made conversation until they got to work.

Alice was a beautiful driver. Emily couldn't help but envy the way she reversed effortlessly into the only narrow gap left in the office's car park, impatiently shushing the beeping her car sensors made as if they were rowdy children.

"You really should get your own parking space," Emily jested as she squeezed out of the Mini and back into the icy breeze.

"I've asked," Alice said heavily. She locked the car while they walked towards the automatic doors. "You OK to leave at quarter past later?"

Emily nodded. "Yeah, I'll be ready when you are. Beats getting the bus".

*001*2021-06-25 15:49

For the fourth time that day, Emily watched as her pee rushed down the drain, dragging two sheets of soiled toilet paper with it. She let go of the flush after a few seconds and turned to wash her hands. It had been eight and a half hours since she'd arrived that morning with her new lift, and she always made sure to keep plenty hydrated. She'd locked the stall door out of habit, although in truth there was no real need: as far as Emily knew, only she ever used the woman's bathroom on this floor. Alice never did.

Speaking of Alice, she was waiting with her bag by the office door when Emily emerged from the bathroom. They were the last people left in the office other than the janitors- Alice's position bestowed upon her a few extra tasks to complete before she could go home. Emily didn't mind. It was only fifteen minutes, and she could use that time to do plenty of useful things. Emptying her bladder, which always filled up at least a few times away, was one of those.

"I'm all ready when you are!" Alice announced brightly.

Emily reached over to grab her own bag as she passed. It wasn't so much a bag as a wallet, which fit easily into the inside pocket of her jacket. "That was quick!"

"There wasn't as much paperwork as usual," the secretary said, "only two complaints from HR to process today".

They slipped into the elevator and stood side by side as the doors slid shut and Emily pondered whether or not her new friend was joking. Probably not.

When the pair emerged into the car park once more, the wind nipped again at Emily's exposed cheeks. They had missed the day's only patch of sun. On the bright side, Emily reflected, the cars that had been parked so close either side of Alice's had long since pulled away, so climbing back into the polished Mini was easy. Right away she noticed the smell again, but unless her nose was playing tricks on her- which it rarely did- the evidence of Alice's accident was already fading. On the elevator ride up that morning Alice had promised to get the seats cleaned at the weekend. Emily didn't want to be any trouble, yet the woman insisted. That was the last time they’d spoken until home time came.

Alice, for her part, showed no signs of embarrassment about that morning's confession as they pulled out of the car park. In fact, it was as though she didn't even remember that conversation. They slipped right back into their old rhythm, Alice chatting animatedly about a rumour she'd heard in the office that day while Emily nodded and contributed wherever it felt appropriate. She'd realised by now that this was a different Alice- just as she herself had a weekend-Emily and a work-Emily, Alice was only a staunchly professional, strait-laced girl from nine to five. Out of hours, that changed.

And Emily liked this relaxed Alice much better, but just as with the journey that morning she quickly realised that something was up. This time, though, it had nothing to do with the smell but with Alice herself. It wasn't hard to see that the woman wasn't sitting normally. She kept her legs closed as tightly as possible as she drove, which couldn't possibly have been comfortable with each foot on a pedal. Every minute or so, she would shift on her seat, pushing her weight up with one hand and readjusting her position. It was as though she had a bad itch that wouldn't go away.

Emily wasn't exactly sure what the protocol was in that situation. Should she ask about it? It didn't seem polite to hit Alice with two potentially awkward or personal questions on the first day pooling with her. If there was nothing more to it than Alice just being uncomfortable, she didn't want to seem like she was being too observant. On the other hand, it could come across as rude if she didn't bother to even check if the other woman was okay. They weren't close enough yet to come right out and ask.

A car stopping late in front of them forced Alice to hit the breaks suddenly, and Emily couldn't pretend not to hear the sharp intake of breath from her driver as they both lunged forwards. Now she had to check.

"Are you alright? You look a bit restless".

There it was again: those reddening cheeks. Alice didn't look at her, but she replied.

"I'm okay, thanks," she said, squirming in her seat again, "I just really need a wee".

This didn't surprise Emily to hear; she had figured that Alice's problems were probably related to her bladder, judging by the familiar way she'd been writhing in her seat. Still, it wasn't the answer she'd hoped for. This wasn't an issue Emily could do anything about. She'd just have to be reassuring and hope that Alice managed to deal with it on her own. After all, they were only fifteen minutes or so from home now, and Alice didn't look that desperate yet- certainly not to Emily's untrained eye.

Still, there was something else bothering her, a question she had to ask.

"Why didn't you just go at work? I went for a wee before we left, why not you?"

For a long while, no reply came. Emily waited patiently. Then:

"I can't go at work".

"Why not?"

"I just can't," Alice said, almost frustrated. Emily, who had never heard so much as a touch of ire in the short woman's voce, was taken aback. Before she could try and change the subject, though, Alice said "I've never been able to... go... unless I'm at home".

Emily chose her words carefully. "Well, lots of people are like that. I think". What she was hearing did, at least, go some way towards explaining a few things. She'd never seen Alice in the bathroom at work... "Have you always had that problem?"

"As long as I can remember," Alice said sadly, "I always assumed it would go away when I got older, but it didn't. Even if I really have to go, I just can't bring myself to do it somewhere public".

Emily wasn't sure if she should feel sorry for her colleague or just be confused. She'd never thought twice about using public toilets. Some of her friends insisted on putting toilet paper on the seat before they sat down, but Emily had never had the time nor patience for that.

Still, it wouldn't be too prudent to get caught up in her thoughts when there was a very real issue still to deal with in the present. She turned to face the driver, forcing herself not to look away from Alice's scarlet cheeks and embarrassed, lowered eyes. "Can you hold it until you get home?"

"Yes," Alice said right away, "I'll be fine". Something in her voice sounded uncertain, but Emily didn't see any advantage to pressing the matter any further. So she let it slide.

Alice, though, continued to fidget, and it was impossible to pretend to ignore. She couldn't sit still for more than a few seconds at a time. Her hand ended to drift off of the steering wheel whenever they came to a stop and hover by her crotch; Emily didn't doubt that the girl would be holding herself tightly if she didn't have company.

"You know, you're welcome to come in and use my loo," Emily said quietly, after a while, "it's closer".

But Alice, lips pursed tightly, shook her head. "I'll be ok. It's only a couple of extra minutes". It was clear that there was no changing her mind, so Emily didn't try.

When they arrived at Emily's house, she wasted no time in hopping out of the car. She hurriedly thanked Alice for the lift and wished her luck for the rest of the drive, then turned and headed for the door. The last she saw of Alice was the girl bouncing up and down on the seat, looking relieved to at least be escaping the eyes of another woman while she squirmed.

Fifteen minutes later, as she was settling down on the sofa of her living room, Emily's phone buzzed in her pocket. She pulled it out to a text from Alice.

Made it... just! Thanks for being nice x

Emily smiled and started typing a reply.

*002*2021-06-27 14:53

Here's the last part!

###

For the first time in months, the sun was still up when the end of the work day came. Emily stepped away from her computer, waiting the last few seconds to watch the screen fade to black before she turned and made her escape. Her new bag, a Christmas present, was slung over her shoulder. In her pocket was the iPhone she'd treated herself to for her birthday at the end of January. One thing that hadn't changed over the long, miserable winter, though, was Alice. Every day they'd pool together, and she remained upbeat through the dark, cold weeks.

It would have been impossible for anyone to spend that much time with Alice and not come to like her, but Emily had even found herself growing accustomed to her colleague's eccentric bathroom habits. It was practically a regular occurrence now. At least a couple of times a week, Emily would look over at the driver's seat and see a squirming, restless woman behind the wheel. It was now no more unusual than a red light or a spot of traffic.

Over time, shyness between them had all but evaporated. Alice's inhibitions were not particularly hard to push aside. Often, she'd loudly complain to Emily that she was busting, or that she regretted drinking so much at lunch. On a few occasions, there had been serious doubts about whether or not Alice would make it home. When that happened she would apologise in advance for the accident she thought she was about to have, and Emily would tell her not to worry about it. But all it ever came to was a story the next morning about how she barely got to the toilet in time, and over the winter Alice's driver's seat had just about managed to stay dry.

From the moment she saw Alice that day, though, Emily had to wonder if this time would be different. It was rare for Alice to be visibly desperate in the car, and she'd never seen the secretary look desperate before they'd even left the office. Today, though, she found Alice cross-legged and wriggling when she reached the office door. They exchanged their usual greetings and smiles on the way to the elevator, but being forced to stand still didn't suit Alice when she had to pee. She was squirming desperately like a little kid as the metal doors slid closed.

"You look absolutely bursting," Emily observed, seeing Alice's buck-legged figure writhing in a different mirror on each wall.

The girl bent over slightly. "I am!" she said, "my fault. I had way too much coke 'cause the vending machine gave me an extra bottle".

"Couldn't you have... you know... saved it for later?"

"Probably, yeah," Alice pressed the heel of her palm into the fleshy softness of her crotch, "but I'm not good at thinking ahead".

"Will you make it home?" Emily said, raising an eyebrow dubiously.

"I really don't know," admitted Alice. "I'm desperate, something has to give soon".

Soon turned out to be a few moments later. Alice jogged across the car park with Emily trailing behind, watching the way the woman's bum jiggled as she hurried to her Mini. She fumbled in her bag for the keys, bought them out and clicked to unlock. But as they climbed into the front seats, the dam broke.

Alice leant back in her seat, mouth open, eyes closed, resigned to her fate. She said nothing, but her relieved, ashamed sigh told Emily all she needed to know- her best efforts hadn't been enough. A barely-audible hissing noise filled the car.

Emily didn't know what to say in such a situation, so she kept quiet and let her friend finish in peace. Alice had her shoulders sagged, although whether this was in relief or disappointment at her failure to hold it, Emily couldn't say. She seemed to keep weeing for almost a minute. The flood filled the gap between her thighs, pooled there and finally sunk into the seat. It would need cleaning again soon.

"I'm so sorry about that," Alice said eventually, when she was done wetting herself at last.

Emily didn't really mind. "Do you at least feel better?"

Alice said that she did and offered a small smile when she turned the engine on. She liked to stay well-hydrated (one of the reasons why she always had to pee so badly on the way home), which meant Emily couldn't smell her colleague's little accident too strongly as they pulled out of the car park. The sky was starting to darken by then, streetlights flickering on. They passed dozens of people who had no way of knowing that the driver of the Mini beside them was sitting in soaked jeans. Alice laughed when Emily pointed that out to her.

A few minutes into the drive, Emily noticed something strange. At first, she didn't even realise what it was that felt off to her. Alice was fidgeting in her seat just like she usually did, squeezing her thighs together and brushing the fabrics of each leg against one another. She squirmed from one cheek to the other, taking each corner with an uneasy shift. That was how Alice always drove, and Emily would usually pay no attention to it. Then she figured it out- Alice had already emptied her bladder... so why the fidgeting? It didn't add up to her.

The first possible explanation was that Alice still needed to pee. Yes, that would make sense. She lost control and had a bit of an accident, but had forced herself to shut the tap as soon as she was able and decided to get home before she did the rest. When Emily thought about it, though, that theory didn't track. Alice had been weeing for an absurd amount of time, and the flow had died out into a trickle, not been clamped off suddenly... no, the driver had certainly emptied her bladder, or near enough that it made no difference.

They were almost halfway home when Emily smelt it. Those sensitive nostrils of hers barely paid attention to the pee smell, but they picked up instantly on the second scent that crept into the car. It was a smell she both recognised and didn't, because she'd smelt thousands of farts in her life, but never any from this specific person. It was beyond doubt, though, that Alice was the culprit. Emily would have noticed if she herself had farted. Which meant...

Suddenly Alice's fidgeting made a whole lot more sense. She was still at it, as bad as Emily had ever seen her, but this time there was none of the usual feeling that Alice wanted to hold herself between the legs. She had gone quiet and there was discomfort on her face.

That silence- an unusual one between two women who tended to find conversation easy- meant that Emily heard the first proof of her theory, muffled but certainly audible. It came out all at once, vibrating against the driver's seat. There was no mistaking the sound. Emily knew exactly what a fart on a soft chair sounded like; she'd done plenty of them herself in her own car.

Emily figured she might as well address the elephant in the room. After all, both woman surely knew by now that Emily had heard the fart. "Alice?"

"Yes?"

"Are you okay?"

Alice blushed, but kept her eyes on the road. "I'm fine, thanks". It was interesting to Emily that a girl who was so comfortable with her bladder seemed to find shame in what came out of the other end.

Emily was not to be deterred. "Are you sure?"

"I'll be fine once I get home," Alice relented.

Emily had never considered that Alice's no-public-bathroom policy might mean the occasional brush with bowel-related issues, but when she thought about it, it made perfect sense. For her part, Emily knew she pooped at work at least once a week. If she suddenly couldn't do that, things could get messy.

"Need a number two?"

Alice averted her eyes. "Yeah," she said, "really badly. I overslept this morning and- I've kind of been holding it in all day".

"Does it hurt?" Emily found it hard not to feel sorry for the poor girl. Alice nodded so minutely it was barely noticeable. "Oh, that sucks. We're only ten minutes away, though!" she pointed out.

"Yeah," Alice said bravely, "ten minutes. I think I can do that".

"Have you ever..."

"Shit myself? A few times, yeah," Alice admitted, "mostly in the car. It's not fun".

Emily looked at her watch. They were on track to get home soon. "Let's hope for no red lights, yeah?"

Privately, she thought that if Alice was going to crap her pants, it was probably best to do it today, on a day when the seats were going to need cleaning anyway. But she didn't think that was a particularly helpful thing to say, so she kept it to herself.

The worst part was that they were so close to home when it happened. Just when it looked like Alice would make it, a minute or two from Emily's house, they were held up at a traffic light by a lollipop man. Alice swore under her breath at him and started to poop herself.

Emily could feel the exact moment when her colleague gave up hope. For a few seconds, Alice's whole body tensed, shoulders hunched, as if she was putting all of her effort into clenching her bum closed if she possibly could. Then came the release, and everything relaxed. Next was the crackling sound, slightly dampened by the wetness of her still-drying wee, and soon after a grimace as Alice lifted her butt a few inches off of her seat so that the mess could escape from her overflowing colon and into her knickers. Emily watched the whole thing unfold with morbid fascination, feeling bad for the girl and yet unable to look away. It all happened so fast that the question of privacy never crossed Emily's mind. One moment they were coming to a stop by the lights, and twenty seconds later the contents of Alice's bowels seemed to have relocated entirely into her panties.

A moan slipped from between Alice's lips that was hard to read- it lingered somewhere between pleasure and pain. She wore tight trousers, making the bulge that formed on the seat almost impossible to ignore. But before she had time to absorb what had happened, the lollipop man was waving the last of the pedestrians across the road and it was time to pull away again. Alice reluctantly settled back down onto the seat and changed into gear, wincing at the mushy sound that her mess made when she squashed it flat.

For the first time in the months they'd known each-other, Emily could think of nothing to say to Alice. She could tell that the woman was mortified. It was a chilly afternoon, but Alice wordlessly turned off the heating and rolled down the car windows in a desperate attempt to alleviate whatever she could of the smell. It didn't work particularly well.

When, shortly after, they got to Emily's house, she thanked Alice for the lift as always and got out of the car with her bag. Before she closed the door behind her, she turned back and leaned down into the car. "Don't worry about it, ok? I'll see you tomorrow".

Alice nodded and finally gave her a weak smile. "Thanks, Em. You're the best".

With that, she drove away, leaving Emily to climb the driveway to her house. Watching what had happened was making her need to go.

