Anna's summer party

Author: tanin

*000*2015-12-27 15:12

That's my first story here, so please let me know if you like this form.

It was rather hot summer and Anna was at holidays with her long-term boyfriend. As usual they came to club that night. Typical holiday disco with lot of alcohol, nice music and dancing. People from around the world were partying there, because of good reputation, well-qualified bartenders and DJs.

This night Anna was dressed like typical girl on summer holidays - very short jeans shorts with a little oversized t-shirt with visible black sport bra under it. She was blonde, very tall and sporty, she also played basketball since school.

It was something around 1a.m., they were here since 10p.m. and all the time they were drinking margarita shots, as there was a Happy Hour special offer for them. That night they were based on fresh strawberries and silver tequila, so they were extremely easy to drink.

After 3 hours of dancing and having margaritas Anna felt urgent need to pee. About 12 shots made her bladder absolutely full. That moment she was rather drunk. But in some positive manner. Holidays, party and summer made her feel nice.

In that disco women's toilet was in the -1 floor, just about 20 stairs down from the party area with few meters of corridor as some kind of "waiting area".

Just after the end of a song she told her boyfriend to wait for her, because she must go to the toilet as she became really desperate. When she came down the stairs she noticed very long line to the toilet. About 15 ladies, and maybe some more inside. That's was not what she expected. But her bladder was still few minutes from limits.

"Hey, what's happening that the line is so long?" she asked girls after about 5 minutes when the line did not move forward

"I don't know, someone told that some drunk chicks fell asleep in 2 cabins, as they were completely wasted, so only 2 operating left" one of them replied

"So what's going to happen with this?" Anna asked again as her bladder started to hurt slowly

"They're waiting for female security officer to come, open the toilets and kick them away" party girl replied, "she should be in about 10 minutes"

In that moment there was still over 10 ladies before her. That was not nice. She started to worry about her bladder, but then, suddenly...

"Shiiit" yelled girl just in front the the doors. Everyone focused on this probably 18-19 years old girl with very short denim mini skirt and white t-shirt. She was standing with her legs crossed in absolute desperation. Well, at this moment it was not a desperation. She was literally peeing herself. Pee was coming down her both legs with very strong stream and big puddle was forming under her. When her pee stopped she run away with tears.

"Oh, wow" Anna said

"Nah, that's nothing unusual, every night some drunk chick wets pants in this club" one girl replied "Just holidays"

"Yeah, holidays..." Anna replied. But in this moment few drops of piss escaped from her overfilled bladder into her panties. She started to be mortified. Nothing was visible, but her panties were wet for sure.

"OK, I can't wait, I'm going to the men's" she told to the line and started going back, as the men's one were in second part of the club, about 40 meters from ladies' ones. That was way too much for her. Halfway at the stairs something bad happened. While walking she suddenly froze. Her bladder gave up. Strong stream of urine forces through her panties and shorts to the floor, forming giant puddle.

"F..." she started whispering with clear relief painted on her face. She came to the light to see the damage. Crotch area of her jeans shorts was very wet, but because of navy color and club light it was almost not visible. She came back to her BF, he was standing next to the bar with another set of shots.

"Paul, we should go back to the hotel" she slowly started whispering to his ear. The music was so loud that it was the easiest way to communicate.

"Come on, sweety, it's 1 a.m., the party is starting to be cool" he replied "I ordered some shots"

"Darling, let's go to the hotel" she said with sad face

"But why"?

"As you probably noticed there was a long line to the ladies..."

"yeah, I started worrying about you"

"Thanks, but because of the line I... I..."

"You...?"

"I... I... just did it in my underwear..."

"What?! What do you mean"

"I couldn't hold it anymore, I just wet myself"

"You peed your panties? You're not serious?"

She caught his hand "Do you want to touch it to believe me?"

"Nnooo, I believe you. Poor you" he hugged her and whispered "OK, let's finish shots and get out of there"

She looked at the bar - there was 16 margaritas there in some 40ml shot glasses.

"Why 16?"

"There was a special offer, trust me" he replied "and now drink 10, you must relax"

So, they finished them rather fast. Big set of shots was gone in 5, maybe 6 minutes.

"OK, let's go" he said and they started to leave.

Hotel was about 15 minutes walk from the club, but both were under visible influence of alcohol, so 20 minutes was the real time. When they got out, Anna's stomach started to hurt. Maybe all night of strawberry-based shots was the reason. And - as she broke the seal - she started needed to pee again. After about 5 minutes they passed the city beach.

"Hey, let's go there" Paul asked

"OKKK" she replied, as she knew that it wouldn't take much longer.

But as they touched the sand Paul started joking "hey, let's sit here and watch the stars"

"No! No way"

"Hey, come on, it's nice August night"

"Darling, I would like to remind you that I'm still wearing panties that I peed this night and I really want to change them" she decided not to tell him about increasing desperation

"OK, OK, don't be mad"

"I'm not bad, I just need a shower and fresh clothes" ("and a toilet" she added in her mind)

"Is this really feeling bad?"

" Well, I'm 22 and I didn't make it to the toilet. That's bad"

Paul didn't answer. They continued they walk through the beach. After another few minutes she said

"Hey, let's go a little bit faster"

"We're about 10 minutes, don't worry"

"Darlin' I need a toilet"

"Again? Is everything OK?"

"No, nothing is OK. I really need it"

"Maybe... Maybe you can go through your shorts? They're already wet..."

"No, forget it. No f... way. And... And my stomach hurts..."

"Do you need to go #2?"

"Yes, and it really urgent" her stomach was really hurting that moment. She was letting some quiet and very smelly farts, but due to wind they were not noticeable.

"OK, let's run" Paul suggested

After 2-3 minutes of running a loud fart escaped

"Oh sh..."

"You can do it, we're close, trust me"

"I can, I can" Anna started to whisper with her hand on her stomach "I want to do at least this to the toilet"

"You can do it, Darling"

"Yes I can, yes I can" another loud fart, another few meters. Suddenly her stomach kicked her with very painful attack. She suddenly stopped. Few deep breaths, and she tried to continue her race. But after just one step something really bad happened. For the first moment it seemed to be another fart, but she suddenly felt something warm.

"No, I can't..." she stopped again

"What do you mean?"

Just after this question he heard a very long and loud wet fart. He looked at Anna. Her hands were not on her belly, she was now holding her butt. Loud crackling sound came from her back.

"I just shit myself" she started to cry.

"Were just few steps away from our hotel"

"I'm covered in my shit, I'll come down my legs in any moment"

"Your panties and shorts should hold it for these minutes, I'll be OK"

"As we both know I'm wearing thongs, so my panties can't hold anything, I feel it falling down my leg"

He didn't answer. They entered they hotel. She tried not to catch anybody's attention. When they entered the elevator (their room was at 1st floor) she looked at her. Back of her navy shorts was visibly stained with big wet and dark stain. Also some poop was on her right leg with stains down to her knee.

She entered the bathroom just to clean herself.

"Do you need help?" Paul asked

"Nooo, don't even try to look at me, I'm totally covered in my poo and pee"

"OK, let me know if I can do anything?"

"Yes, give me plastic bag. And don't ask"

After few minutes she asked him to the doors of the bathroom and gave him back this bag.

"Now please go out and get rid of this"

"Okkk". When he got out of the room he opened the bag. It smelled terrible. He was able to see her shorts inside and her grey thong panties. He quickly close the bag and went to the nearest garbage can outside hotel where he left it.

