HoloMess ~The Entire Circus~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-05-17 01:43

Here's the last story for Gen 5! The next story will be my first entry in what I like to call "HoloMess Extra", which will be bonus stories I write that don't fall into the main story, or at least the ideas of the main story. This will include one-shots and alternate endings of already existing stories. Please look forward to it.

“You fucking bitch!” Nene screamed, now unphased by the mess that lingered in her underwear, having grown used to the feeling, or rather, the lack thereof. In one swift motion, she slapped Polka straight across her face, causing the fennec to recoil. “I trusted you! Why didn’t you keep your mouth shut?!”

“Look, I’m sorry! But I didn’t know what to do,” the circus girl apologized. “When I went to check out your… protection… a couple of the girls walked up to me and immediately started asking about it!” Nene stared her dead in the eyes. A shiver ran down Polka’s spine. “H-hey… how else was I supposed to explain myself carrying diapers to the cash register?”

Nene scoffed, about-faced, and had begun to close the door in her face, but not before leaving Polka with the parting words, “You’ll regret this.” An air of dread hung over the remaining idol. She’d never seen Nene what upset before, and dreaded thinking about what was in store for her.

“Polka, it’s time to get up.”

The fox-girl grumbled, adjusting herself on the sofa she’d passed out on. “Huh? Izutsu? When did I fall asleep?”

“Nevermind that,” the personal assistant started, “you have the dress rehearsal for your show in 10 minutes!”

“CRAP!” Polka unabashedly tossed all the clothes she was wearing on the floor as she made her way to her outfit.

“Can you at least put on some underwear when you come to the office?” Izutsu chided as she got a clear view of Polka’s bare bottom as she pulled her sweatpants down.

“Eh, why bother?” Polka shrugged. “You all prepare shorts for me anyways because my skirts too short.” She eyed the spandex shorts lying neatly next to the rest of her stage outfit.

“That’s not the- ugh, whatever. You’re on in 10,” the assistant sighed as she made her leave of the dressing room.

“Yeesh, she can be a real hardass sometimes.” Polka slid the spats up to her crotch. She immediately felt something was off. It felt as if her underwear was weirdly stiff. The performer didn’t have time to investigate, however, as she threw the rest of her outfit on in a hurry and made her way to the stage.

Dress rehearsal had been going well, for the most part. Polka needed to redo a couple of the animal tamer segments, but overall, the past hour had gone by smoothly. All that was left were the acrobatic sections, which Polka was admittedly not the best at. She climbed the side ladder with confidence, however, as she prepared for the trapeze jump, a move that sometimes scared the literal shit out of her when she was younger. As she approached the top, she looked around at the people on the bottom of the stage. Naturally, Izutsu and A-chan, as well as some other staff were directly below her, prepared with a tarp and trampoline in case she fell. On the sidelines, Sora, Lamy and Botan giggled to each other as they waited for Polka to begin. As she panned her vision, however, she caught a glimpse that stopped her heart.

“Give it your all Polka!”

“Nene.” Beads of sweat started to form on the fennec’s forehead as well as down her back, and she started to notice that her body was abnormally hot and somewhat itchy. “What is she doing here?” Polka thought to herself. She must have been here to exact revenge, but the how was completely lost on her.

“Polka!” Izutsu screamed from below. “We’re ready when you are!”

The ringmaster swallowed her fear as she grabbed the bar above her. “Don’t think about it, Polka,” she assured herself. She experimentally moved her hands to check if the bar was greased before shaking her head. “You need to focus. There’s no way Nene would do something like that.” She took a breath, then pushed off with her feet. Instincts took over. Polka closed her eyes as she hit the apex of the bar’s forward swing. She let go of the bar, flipping her body backwards without tucking her body. However, as she was suspended in the air, she felt something shift which immediately threw her balance off. The performer opened her eyes and was met with the sight of the stage ceiling. This was all the girl needed to know to realized that she wasn’t going to make it to the next bar. At this point, the only thing Polka could manage was a scream.

“AAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!”

“TARP!” Izutsu commanded, prompting all the staff to stretch the cloth over the trampoline. In seconds, Polka’s fall was broken as she bounced several times on the tarp-covered trampoline. A weird bounce at the end sent her flying on her butt to the ground, finally landing with a noticeable squelching sound. This caused Sora to cringe to herself, but Polka couldn’t quite make out why.

“Man, I screwed that up, huh?” Polka sighed with relief.

“Yes, you did,” Izutsu started before asking, “but more importantly, are you okay?” Before Polka could respond, she saw Izutsu point down at the fennec-girl’s crotch. Fixing her gaze downwards, Polka was met with a puddle slowly forming around her spread legs.

“No way!” The idol jumped up on her feet to reveal that she was still peeing herself, streams tricking down her legs and into her shoes. At the same time, a rank smell hit her nose, something impossible for a fox to miss. “Oh shit,” she said aloud, feeling the back of her shorts to confirm her suspicions. The now panicking girl looked around as faces of concern, disgust, or both surrounded her. Unsure of what to do, Polka sprinted as fast as she could back to her dressing room, with Izutsu chasing behind her.

“I didn’t even feel it…” Polka sobbed in her assistant’s arms. She wasn’t sure what was more embarrassing, soiling herself in front of her coworkers, or being bathed and clothed by her assistant.

“Hey, I’m sure there’s some explanation for it.” Izutsu pet the fox-girl’s head. “I’m gonna go out and clear the air with everyone. Don’t worry, I’ll tell them you weren’t feeling well today, and that the fall made you lose control.” And just like that, Polka was in the room by herself, left to wallow in her own tears. That is, until a certain blonde-haired girl walked in.

“That was quite the show you put on out there. A shame there wasn’t a larger audience.”

“Huh?” Polka looked up, only to be confronted by Nene’s face only a few inches from her own. Sadness turned into anger as she rose to her feet. “What the hell did you do?!”

“Nothing much, just forced some empathy onto you. Honestly, I thought you’d be more suspicious of your clammy underwear, but I guess that sleeping powder I put in your water worked better than I thought.”

“W-what?” Polka’s heart sank. “You didn’t actually use the stuff that made her incontinent on my shorts, did you?”

“Yup, sure did!” Nene lifted her skirt, revealing her oversized diaper to the fennec. “Now you get to wear these for a whole month. Just. Like. Me.” Tears started streaming down Polka’s face again as Nene pulled one of her diapers out of her handbag. “Here, this one’s on the house, considering you don’t have any underwear to go back home in. The rest’s on you though.” The blonde pushed the garment into Polka’s arms before making her way to the door. “Oh, by the way, I took nudes while you were asleep, so take this quietly and accept we’re even like a good girl.” And with that, she was gone, leaving Polka with new “underwear” she didn’t even know how to wear correctly.

A month went by, and despite horrifying first few weeks, Polka got used to her situation a lot faster than Nene could. Izutsu was very understanding of the situation, despite not understanding what was actually happening behind the scenes. The Hololive girls that witnessed her first accident were also very kind and supportive. It almost felt as if they all had wet and messed themselves recently too. At the end of it all, Polka was even inspired to add a new infrequent segment to her “Legend of Polka” show, dedicated to helping incontinent or accident-prone persons get over the humiliation or embarrassment by calling in Hololive members to talk about recent “accidents” they had. It took a while to come up with a name, but eventually she had come up with a name she thought best encapsuled the spirit of everything: “HoloMess”.

