A cruel Goddess transports me to my favorite Patreon omo-game world for boredom!

Author: Asuna.bed.wet.

*000*2023-04-13 23:05

Chapter 1 [The final quest to return back]

"Time end" is a name that was full of significance, but at the same time, it seemed to fool those who heard it. In fact, it was the name of a simple desert land, an expanse of sand as large as the entire kingdom.

If you listen to the marauders, "Time end" represents an hourglass with infinite grains of sand, like the desert from which there is no escape.

If you studied the history of the Armond kingdom in-depth, you would discover that the name comes from the spell it has eradicated the realm of the same name from existence in a time gone by.

Now the moor was crossed by a dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt and pants, how she got there is a mystery even for herself, her last memory was having decided to make a subscription to try the latest version of a game illegally downloaded, and that she had loved it madly, she couldn't remember anything else.

However, strangely she wasn't scared despite being in a deadly desert at noon. For an ordinary girl, it wouldn't be strange to panic. However, Eloise had a smile on her lips, and it was not a usual smile: it was an expression of pure happiness, an uncontrollable expression, not she couldn't have stopped smiling even if she were dead.

"The truth is, her biggest wish had just come true."

"Shop!" said the girl breaking the silence.

A virtual window opened in front of her.

"It's very hot! Probably it's midday," she thought as she looked briefly at the sun in the sky and breathed in a blast of hot air.

0 coin: this was the writing observed thoughtfully by the girl.

- you feel the pressure build-up

(-pssssssh-)

A hissing was the only noise the brunette heard, a sound that always made her blush and her heart pound.

The hiss lasted about 7 seconds, so they wouldn't even understand what had just happened if someone else were near the girl.

However, Eloise was in a paradoxical mix between bliss and frustration. Her white linen pants felt fresh, after all, the urine was colder than the scorching desert air.

The girl would have gladly emptied her bladder under other circumstances, she felt pretty full, and if she was in a shopping center, she would have already found a solution, but now with disappointment in her heart, she had to stop the flow.

[First Intentional Wetting]

+ 0 experience points

+ 1000 coins

+ 1 large bottle (1500 ml)

- Title earned: (Novice Wetter)

+ 1 parchment (Over holding)

- Welcome player 1 (Eloise Lyfart)

+ 1 interactive map

+ 1 exploration backpack

+ 1 clothes box

+ 1 getting started guide

+ 1 medium bottle (1000 ml)

+ 1 savory brioche (250 g)

"Is this your first time in N.O.Q.?"

Yes No

After giggling lightly at her nickname, she said mentally and with conviction: "No."

"Do you want to do the tutorial?"

Yes No

Here Eloise was doubtful: doing the tutorial in first person would have been great for her, however, she would have had to give up the trick she had discovered thanks to her incredible curiosity or maybe more than her thanks to her perverted mind.

"No"

- tutorial skipped

- updated current quest: [Leave the Desert]

"It's time for Farming," thought Eloise starting to be horny; her panties were drenched from the release earlier, and what she was about to do gave her more than just a tingle in her pussy, so she started to" Farming".

Eloise's "trick" was simple: getting out of the desert would have been part of the tutorial, so no "malus" but only "rewards" were given inside it.

For example, if she found an unbudging cactus and drank its juice, it would only fill the hydration bar without suffering the paralyzing effect. At the same time, if she were to get wet, it would not punish her bladder capacity or her own continence, not that Eloise didn't mind playing incontinent at a specific time.

So there was more: in the tutorial area, it was possible to achieve objectives with extreme ease; this is because the player would not level up until he had acquired the mana core and the status, obtainable only after exiting the desert, meaning that Eloise could overcome the restrictions of the algorithm that calculated the difficulty (if she was really in New Omo Quest).

The girl was a bit sad because the scat expressions were disabled in the tutorial. Therefore she can't "Farming" from that side, but she resigned herself to it, and after having decided what to do, she looked around, ready to implement the plan:

Firstly she took off her simple sneakers, feeling her feet burning as she sank into the sand;

Then she undid his belt and took off her pants, putting them to dry on a dune while her white cotton panties that covered his chubby ass were well exposed to the sand.

Eloise fingered through her panties: she always liked touching herself through them, rubbing the damp fabric, even if now, with the atrocious heat, she didn't feel goodly at ease.

(-pssh-)

With her legs closed she released just 2 drops, at least enough to see her wet spot get bigger.

[Deliberate Wetting]

+ 0 experience points

+ 10 coins

+ 1 small bottle (500 ml)

[Rewetting ×1]

+ 50 coins

+ 1 light incontinence panty pad

- Title earned: (Panty-wetter)

Usually, even from level 1, earning a title so quickly and with so little effort would be impossible. Eloise called it a "trick" but thinks the game developer has probably deliberately added it as an easter egg.

Satisfied by her functioning, Eloise waited for the desert wind to dry the cotton on her underpants. About ten seconds were enough, and then she continued with her method.

(-pssssh-)

[Deliberate Wetting]

+ 0 experience points

+ 10 coins

+ 1 small bottle

[Rewetting ×2]

+ 100 coins

+ 1 moderate incontinence panty-liner

.

.

.

[Rewetting ×40]: Without special classes, you will not receive new bonuses after the 40th soak in a row.

+ 2000 coins

+ 1 Colossus

- Title earned: (Yellowed Cloth Fetishist)

- Title earned: (loose pee-hole)

+ 1× skill rune (Staining urine)

[Rewetting ×41]: Without special classes, you will not receive new bonuses after the 40th soak in a row.

+ 0 coins

"I can consider myself satisfied," said Eloise, a little worn out by the actions.

Now her bladder was nearly empty, and she couldn't risk emptying it completely: she had a secondary quest to complete, and due to the sweat due to her heat, she drank the large bottle.

She also removed her underwear, becoming naked from the waistline in a puddle of wet sand, with her legs spread and a little sticky on her thighs.

- white cotton panties (yellowed×41)

Peeing your pants gave the panties random buffs and debuffs, but Eloise couldn't see them now that she was out of mana, so she reluctantly removed them to put them in the clothes box, a pouch enlarged with magic.

She took with her hands the linen trousers lying on the dune, now they were hot to the touch of her, which didn't help her, then decided to stay naked for a while, wearing only sneakers and a white shirt.

42,410 coins: this was the wording in the shop.

With a satisfied smile and an almost empty bladder, Eloise decided to start her adventure in earnest.

"100 Steps Right."

"150 steps forward."

"10 Steps Right."

Eloise was walking, tidying up her bag, trying to remember where she had to go, but doing it with the keyboard was simpler than walking among the sand dunes with her legs feeling sticky after all the pee.

After a while, before her, at the base of an exceptionally high dune, was what looked like a brick entrance to a dimly lit gallery.

"So soon we'll fight." thought Eloise, a little peeved because she didn't like fighting in first person without overpowering skills, and after all, she was afraid to feel the pain of an arm that is cut off cleanly with a scimitar, that's why she opened the shop, a thing that theoretically she could do but without do anything cause of the low amount of money.

[Sorcery Growth Bundle]

- pre-enchanted wand (100 mana)

- arcanist's dagger (100 mana)

- bipedal weathercock coat

- magician's panties (?)

- wizard's boots (?)

- magician's ring (?)

- 5 health potions (100ml)

- 5 mana potions (100ml)

- 1x Skill Rune (Mage's evolution)

Cost: 15000 coins

[Warrior Growth Bundle]

- iron sword

- 2x throwing knife

- lion leather cuirass

- barbarian culottes

- fighter bands (?)

- fighter bracelet (?)

- 10 health potions (100ml)

- 1x skill rune (Fortitude of the physique)

Cost: 10000 coins

[Dancing Barrier]

"A disposable protection that protects your life"

Cost 5000 coins

"It's a pain that I have to use my coin on unserviceable items, " thought Eloise, buying all 3.

Now her backpack and clothes box was full of items that she couldn't use yet due to the level restriction, however before entering the cave, she put on her white linen pants, her barbaric knickers(a pair of rough underpants of a whitish fabric, that despite the appearance are very comfortable), then her cuirass and then she put on her cloak.

Before entering, she tested the wand, it wasn't necessary to cast spells for any wizard, but she didn't have a heart of mana yet, so her mana was 0.

The test was to use arcane magic to throw an ice spear into the air.

With only 25 mana, she had managed to get it to the other side of the dune, so she thought it was so easy that she wondered if things were made more accessible for her.

Arcane magic was divided into 2 categories in the world of N.O.Q., the elemental and the specialized one: the elemental one has a logarithmic cost and was calculated based on the physical properties of the element that made up the spell; for example, if Eloise wanted to create from nothing a liter of water at average temperature would cost her 1 mana point, and this remains unchanged in most cases.

For the specialized one, the calculation was incredibly complex. If Eloise wanted to transport a milliliter of her urine into another's bladder, only 10 meters away from her, she would not be able to do it with 100 units of mana.

After the tests, she entered the tunnel holding the iron sword in her right hand and in her left the magic wand.

- you feel the pressure building up

"Are you telling me that I'm peeing myself from anxiety?" Eloise thought, smiling lightly.

"The tutorial is easy as fuck" she said softly to comfort herself.

At 10 meters from the entrance, the corridor began to shrink, and the torches along the wall to distance themselves.

Furthermore, it can be seen that it begins to descend as a spiral, preventing you from seeing behind the curvature further forward.

"......mana...power.."

"...incontinence.."

Eloise heard two female voices arguing, so she slowed down, knowing they were the two marauders of the first fight.

"Who is there!?" yelled a woman with olive skin wearing a white turban and beige with gold embroidery robes.

"..." Eloise said nothing and wrapped herself in her cloak.

"Israa, go check," ordered the earlier woman to a younger one, without a turban, with short dark hair and lighter skin, apparently wearing the same marauding clothes, but she also had a very nice shoulder strap that attracted the girl's attention.

Eloise saw the young Israa walking in front of her without noticing anything.

- the pressure is now unendurable

"It feels bad without externalizing it," Eloise thought as she squirmed, being at the point of leaks, but she needed to wait to be 100% sure of not taking damage.

"There is nobody!" The young woman said as she walked back.

"Well, help me pull this stone out," she ordered back the older one. "It's our chance Israa: finally we can eradicate the curse from our tribe!

Eloise was thinking about what the curse could be, even from her home, she had always read the dialogue, but in the game, she hadn't found such a tribe.

Trying to not wet her pants, she took out her wand and channeling the mana created 1 frost spear and threw it straight into the back of the older woman.

The impact and speed were insane, and the woman could barely turn around before she fell to the ground dead.

[First Kill]

+ 0 experience points

+ 1000 coins

[First wetting induced]

- Title Earned: (wetting maker)

+ 1 skill rune (Omovision)

"Laya...what...aiee!"

(-pssssssssst-)

"aieeee...don't hurt me! Stay away!"The young woman screamed as she peed at seeing her partner die instantly, jumping behind a wooden crate.

"I don't fall for it," said Eloise and launched a second dart of ice which, however, shattered on the wood of the chest.

"You leave me no choice!" Screamed the young Israa taking a snake's fang from her shoulder strap and running towards Eloise with the now semi-transparent white trousers from her crotch to her knees, showing her black panties. This distracts Eloise, who tries to throw another dart, but the marauder becomes too close. She didn't panic because she couldn't be poisoned by the snake fang during the tutorial.

She told her: "That's a good last pee, my dear." and then thrust the sword into the young girl's chest.

After another "psss" and a few droplets splashed on Eloise's shoes, the marauder fell to the ground.

"I managed not to get hit," she said, satisfied, drawing her sword and wiping the blade on the robber's clothes.

(-your bladder is leaking)

(-psssssst-)

A brief release of relief saturates the whitish barbaric knickers, her linen pants giving her a cool sensation while the panties that soaked up her loss nicely instilled warmth.

"This feeling is the best!" Eloise said, starting to move towards the sphere to extract it and finish the tutorial, but as soon as she touched it, I felt her body weaken.

"What's happening to me... huf... huff" She feels her muscles tire, and she falls to her knees, unable to hold her own weight.

(-pssssssssshh-)

"Ahhh, at least…it's relaxing," Eloise said before passing out.

"Congratulations, you finished the tutorial!"

"Hmhmm? Mom, is that you?

Eloise spoke in a faint and dreamy voice, she thought of sleeping in her bed in peace, but as soon as she opened the slit of her eyes, she was overwhelmed by an incredible golden light.

"Get up, little girl!"

Eloise hopped up, thinking this robotic voice surely did not come from her mother. She looked down and saw that the floor was an endless mirror, immediately noticing being naked except for the rough knickers, which now seemed quite yellowed, which put her a little embarrassed, then she remembered entering the game and putting her hands on the opal stone.

"Is this perhaps a dream?" She said, touching her own body, she looked down to see herself in the mirror, her hair was a bit tousled, and redness on her boobs which, combined with the yellowness of the knickers, made her think she was lying face down for a period.

"Are you done?"

Eloise turned to her voice, but she saw nothing noticing that she couldn't see the room's edges.

"Who are you? Where are they?" She asked without showing hesitation.

"Do you like N.O.Q.?

"...Yes, that is. Why are you asking me?"

"Glad to hear that, did you like the tutorial of the new full immersion release?"

"So it wasn't a dream? Or am I still dreaming?" Eloise began to calm down a little more, trying to cover her breasts with her hands and turn towards her/her interlocutor also because she did not understand where her voice came from.

"You're not dreaming, baby" The voice began to take on a feminine tone, and the light converged in one point, giving shape to a tall woman.

She was twice as tall as barefoot Eloise, perhaps over 3 meters.

While the woman's body was taking shape, Eloise saw the huge breasts and thick ass, and then the abs, which made the girl feel a lot of jealousy but also a lot of excitement that reduced slightly when it began to form around the body being created the edges of a long white dress.

"Enjoyed the show?" The emerald-eyed blonde woman asked the drooling girl.

"...yeah...I mean...who are you? Are you real?

"I'm obviously real, the goddess of this world, and *pauses* I'm also the one who brought you here. Thank me later."

"You brought me in N.O.Q.? Why? Can I go back? What if I die?"

"Hold on, baby, so many questions I'm hearing, and I want to explain only some things to you. You know the previous versions of the game, and you will have fun here, trust me, you can go back when you manage to get this title* a message appeared in Eloise's log* and if you may die, let's say that there will be consequences" the goddess seemed very amused by this last point.

But Eloise didn't notice it because she was directed to the message.

Final Mission: Make the Goddess of N.O.Q. soil her Panties."

Reward - title (divine mess maker)

"Ehmm, it seems a bit hard, but not that hard..." The girl tried to open the bag or the shop but couldn't do anything.

"Did you want to do it now??" the goddess asked ironically, adding, "Do you think it's possible to succeed in such a feat? Let me give you a spoiler, you probably wouldn't succeed in a million years, it's just a way to tell you that you will stay in this world for always.

I don't care if you want to return to your boring life of sleeping, eating, fingering, pissing, shitting, etcetera...

"Are you serious? The game isn't endless; couldn't I get bored after many years?

"My little lassie, don't worry, I made this world at least as big and vast as yours. I also expanded the mechanics a lot, don't worry, ah, you cheated in the tutorial, you had no privilege to make that easy coins!"

"Just call me Eloise. I'm not a child, I don't care if from your centuries of old age, you see me as a newborn, and then I don't like forced things, I really like the gam...this world, and thank you, but I would like the chance to go back, I've got a lot of gay content to watch yet, get those panties dirty and send me home!"

It may have been the fact of being naked in an uncomfortable place, it may have been the fact that Eloise didn't like her impositions, but she yelled at the goddess. Obviously, she immediately regretted it, covering her insolence with both hands and thus leaving her breasts dangling.

"HAHAHA, more than solely centuries, you can speak about thousands or millions, of course, you're just a fool hilarious silly, you said right, I see you as a baby, enough I really want to see you exploring MY world but don't believe that your unpunished attitude *snap of fingers* I'll remove the shop for a while and you'll have some surprises" the goddess giggled and started to pee herself saying: "You know, when I move human beings between different dimensional planes I lose bladder control, because of you it's the third time today, hahaha".

With the hysterical laughing, Eloise felt herself being dragged away and then woke up lying on the ground in her cooled urine pool.

- finished tutorial for level 1 player [Eloise Lyfart]

- You now have a Mana Heart

- your status is unlocked

- scatological expressions have been forcibly activated

- the use of diapers or incontinence items is limited

[Status]

Name: Eloise Lyfart

Level: 1

Race: Human

Class: none

[Stats]

Strengths: 9

Dexterity: 9

Constitution: 9

Intelligence: 15

Charisma: 13

Wisdom: 11

Continence (Bladder):10 (3)

Bladder Capacity: 100 (30)

Continence (Bowel): 10 (3)

Bowel Capacity: 100 (30)

"She decreases my stats, son of a... *guts cramps*"

(-pprrrbbttt-)

- The pressure is making you explode.

"Great," said ironically Eloise feeling a warm gas warming between her ass and knickers.

She didn't have time to take the parchment for the over-holding when ...

- Your insides are poorly damaged

[reckless holding]

+ 10 experience points

+ 10 coins

+ 1 corduroy pants

+ 1 cotton panties

- Title earned: (Crazy holder)

- fecal continence downgrade 10 to 9 (3)

(-bblblrrtt-)

(-pbbrrt-)

(-spllrck-)

A soggy mess much bigger than a melon smashed quickly against Eloise's white knickers, the rough underwear containing everything went to mash the mess, widening the back of her linen pants.

"Yeah, I made an egg in my panties*she sees brown through white linen* an easter egg," she corrected herself.

- the pressure is unendurable

(-psssshh-)

"You won!" Eloise said, resigned now, almost with tears in her eyes and her knickers now sagging and irreparably stained.

[first calamity]

[first complete accident]

+ 150 experience points

+ 150 coins

+ 2 medium flask (1000 ml)

+ 2 salted brioches (250 g)

- Title earned (Novice incontinent)

- urinary continence downgrade 10 to 9 (3)

- fecal continence downgrade 9 to 8 (3)

- bladder capacity downgrade 100 to 95 (30)

- bowel capacity downgrade 100 to 90 (30)

"Bitch..."

Eloise, with extreme caution, took off her linen pants, trying not to squash the mess, she was in a terrible mood but the smell of urine made her horny as always, then she took off her barbaric knickers, being prudent to not get her legs dirty dropping the egg" on the floor with a wet *squish* and putting them in her clothes bag.

- barbarian knickers (very soiled)

"Cleaning will be a real feat, damned goddess," Eloise thought, unaware that a marauding girl in damp pants was watching the scene with a snake's fang in her hand, ready to launch her surprise attack.

End of chapter 1

Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed the writing, hoping I will at least be able to write a second chapter.

Unfortunately, I know there are some errors caused by google translate; I wish I had been born in an English-speaking country for these things.

