Amethyst‘s Dirty Secret!: A Steven Universe Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-04-12 22:30

“Hey guys, I’m Amethyst and want to tell you guys something naughty. You probably know who I am, but if you don’t I’ll recap it all for you, so I’m a crystal gem. A Crystal Gem? What’s that? So I’m a alien being that exists as a magical gemstone projecting a holographic body, and one of the four "Crystal Gems", a group of Gems who defend Earth. In our group we have Garnet, myself, the incredible infuriating leader Pearl and Steven Universe, who is a half gem and human. Anyway let’s cut the small talk and let’s get naughty, yeah!

Our story takes place on a dark and stormy night in Beach City, now I’m fast asleep in my bed, in my pjs and I’m starting to feel I need to pee. So this is not one of stories where the characters must pee, but is lazy to get out of bed and so he/she decides to wet the bed. Oh no, no this story ain’t like that. Right, so I’m there fast asleep, my bladder is aching for its relief, but not even the pain of my sore bladder wanting to let it go could wake me up.

Ok now skip all the way to 3 am, that’s the time I always get up because I play video games early in the morning so when I woke up, I was completely mortified to find out I pissed the bed. I actually felt like crying because how embarrassing this was, I raced out of bed and went to the bathroom where my beach towel is and placed it on top of wet sheets and there was no way I would sit down and play games with a pissed stained pants on and also wore panties under them, so they are definitely wet as well. So I stripped completely naked, I thought to myself, it’s 3 am who the hell would catch you being nude at this time of the day.

You’re all are probably asking me, why didn’t I wear a diaper now, but it was because I didn’t have any and I never thought of the idea until Steven told me. I played my game and while playing I thought this the first time I ever fully displayed my body. So anyway I played my game and stopped at 7 am and then I went to put on a clean pair of pjs to trick them that nothing happened to them last night and they were identical so that’s a big win for me. I felt my bed and the towel soaked up most of my piss and I was pleased to find out that it’s drying up, I close it back to keep out anyone looking at my secret.

We all eat breakfast nothing special just bacon and eggs, my brain at the time was fixated with my accident where I uncontrollably overdosed on orange juice, I started feeling a urge to go, but I couldn’t go now stupid Pearl has to make a mission briefing now and you guys are wondering why not just ask her to start later, but no she’s such a bitch, she would let Steven go and Garnet if she has to, but she always treats me as I’m the unwanted person on the team.

So I go, I put my desperation aside and go attend the briefing. It was all about what are we going to do of this thing that faced a problem to use when we traveled to that planet and then she dragged on with another topic and this topic made this briefing longer than the usual ones. At that time it was 8:30, my bladder now was aching for its relief.

I put my hand in my panties to feel my bladder and I discover that I could burst in any second. With Pearl’s stupid speech it dragged my bladder to become full and at that moment I took my hand out and walked with my hand stuck in between my legs. I can feel I’m about leak so I hurry up, I run as fast as I could to my room, I then lose the hold and leak. I fight for my survival, with one gone I know that a second one will arrive. At times like this I wish I was like Garnet because she’s a fusion between two gems - Ruby and Sapphire.

That means that as a fusion Garnet has two bladders and means that she has the capacity to hold it longer. With my desperation I forgot to lock my room’s door and the bathroom door, that’s just a warning for what’s coming up. I lose the battle of the second leak and I’m scared it’s going to happen.

I pull my pjs pants down, but my bladder is starting to give up, it’s spouting drops of pee and then I lose control, it happens! My golden piss rains down my legs, my whole pants become wet, but to my enjoyment of my wetting I hear the voice of Steven. I stop and realise that I never locked the door to my room, I was so scared I hoped that Steven does not check the bathroom.

He steps in as says “ Amethyst, I need my X-Box controller back please.” So I say it’s on the bean bag there near the TV. He grabs it and then tries to find me to say thank you. It is inevitable that he finds me in the bathroom, he stares intently at my wet pjs pants and then looks up at my teary face. “It’s okay Amethyst, it’s just an accident you don’t need to worry.” I’m forced to tell him the whole story and tell him my dirty little secret. I confess that accident that I am currently crying about is because I wanted to, I tell him about the morning. He places the controller down on the counter and touches my shoulders and says “Amethyst if you really want to play around with your bladder I think you should by diapers.

A diaper? I say, I’ve never heard of one before Steven tells me what they are used for an underwear that allows the wearer to urinate or defecate without the use of a toilet, by absorbing or containing waste products to prevent soiling of outer clothing. I was so happy, I grab my purse and ask Steven if he could help me buy some, he agreed and we sneaked out of the window because we don’t want Garnet or Pearl to know Amethyst secret. As I’m writing this they don’t even have a clue.

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-04-18 21:09

Welcome back guys, to my story of me being naughty. Steven and myself go to the nearest service station to buy these diapers, when arriving at the store it took us a long time to figure out where the diapers are kept. We split up to find it and in a moment later, I found it. I called Steven over and in the meantime I grabbed one of the women’s adult diapers pack and went to look for my companion. While walking I smiled to myself and I could feel my whole body getting ready for the amount of naughtiness I am filling myself, also I hope I like it otherwise if I don’t enjoy it then I wasted my money on this.

I finally find my trusty companion and we walk over to the cash register to pay for my diapers. Something you need to know about me is that I hate it when you want to buy anything in a shop and the cashier being all inquisitive and asking you what do you need this product for. I was absolutely getting scared of the fact if she said what do you need this for because I wasn’t prepared for it, you know I was so scared that if she in fact did ask that question I could have pissed myself.

Luckily, she said nothing, I was so thrilled that never happened because I sure did not want to ruin their pristine clean floor with my pee. I bought a bag to hide it in because if I didn’t I would expose myself in public holding them and for their nature to assume those diapers are mine. So I bought a bag that was more of a cheap backpack that black and had yellow streaks on it and I placed it in to hide my desire.

We walked back to the house and we snuck back into the window and we departed, Steven went back into the bathroom to fetch his X-Box controller and I hid my pack of diapers underneath the bathroom tap. I did take one out to test it out and I was fuelled with excitement, I sat on my bed stripping my waist down until I was completely naked from my waist down to put my diaper on. It was a perfect fit it was too tight or too loose it was just right for me, I walked over to my makeshift kitchen and took out a drink from my small fridge and I took out the empty 2 litre bottle of Coke and filled the whole thing with tap water and I started drinking it.

I actually drank the whole thing, something that I would not be able to do if that was actually Coke I drank. I waited and waited for it to start and it did I was so desperate to go, I felt my bladder going crazy at me by trying to push and shove its way out, but it was no use. I was so turned on by this event, I started to not be able to walk properly because of my bladder starting to become oversized. So I waddled to my bathroom I know from a fact that turn on any supply of water on while desperate increases in more wetness, I don’t know why but it must be linked to the rest of your pee because when I piss myself with a running tap on or the shower I find out that I don’t have to go again later.

So I turn on the tap, my bladder gets awakened I feel it getting much more heavier this is because of the leftover pee that would be stored until I will have to go once again. I feel myself starting to leak from my first squirts, after a short distance in time I leak again, but that time much more heavily. I pull down my diaper to actually feel how full my bladder really is, it was so huge! My bladder felt like it was the same size as a basketball.

I quickly put on my diaper back on and I think I could feel the fun starting to begin. Within seconds the biggest wave of desperation hit me resulting in not being able to hold anymore in, meaning I pissed myself. I felt it’s warm and delicate touch fill the pads of my diaper, I moaned softly in case that stupid bitch Pearl mistook it for someone trying to hurt me and if that did happen would also expose my dirty secret. I closed my eyes to experience the full throttle, it was so warm and it hit my diaper in such a delicate way and I enjoyed it.

After my bladder finally emptied itself I looked down at my wet diaper and notice only a nice outline of a piss stain right in the middle and my legs weren’t even wet and the floor itself wasn’t wet even the diaper soaked everything in and making only store in the diaper and not let anything pass it. I threw out my wet diaper and spent the time to clean my wet pussy and after my cleaning job, I lay on top of my bed and feel asleep naked from the waist down.

To Be Continued...

*002*2020-04-25 21:09

I woke up later and I found out that I had to both need to pee and take a shit. Remember I was sleeping nude from the waist down, so there was no way that I could relieve myself in anyway because I would’ve peed on the doona and crapped on it as well. My bladder was throbbing so much it felt like if I didn’t run to my bathroom now I would have the biggest accident ever!

I mean can you imagine me loosing control with a large warm stream of pee running down my legs falling on the carpet and then shortly drolls of shit being erupted out of ass falling on the same carpet! I mean cleaning the thing up will be hard job to, so I just simply didn’t want this to happen.

I got up and walked to the bathroom with one hand pressed firmly onto my crotch and the other halfway into my butt crack clogging up the exit for my messy load. My bladder. Oh my bladder it was paining so much I already have a full bladder, which is very dangerous because once you have a full one it means your gonna burst any second. It was still throbbing it was like every step I take it got more and more painful, I then came up with the idea to pinch my pussy to stop it hurting so much and yeah! It sort of did.

Now with a less intense hurting bladder I took my final steps and arrived at my destination, but I kept the fact that I whisper to myself not present now. This is something that I usually do, but I didn’t do it today because you shouldn’t tell yourself that your gonna make it because what happens when you make it to the toilet, but what will happen to the person If he or she thinks about sweet relief while taking off the pants the chances are they are going to loose control because of their brain worked out where it is and a just the very thought off making can cause you more harm than you can imagine.

I opened the bathroom door, I didn’t say anything to myself about where I am. Can you picture it? I’m standing just a metre distance from me and the thing I so desperately need, I still have my hand gripping my pussy and pinching it hard to stop it from hurting that much. I then let go I can feel like it’s about to erupt, I then take my hand out of my asshole and proceed to start sitting on the toilet.

Just in a matter of seconds I start leaking the first two squirt that would have already come if I did clog it up. Just then my bladder opened while I was just about to sit down it was leaking on the tiles, but it didn’t matter. I quickly sat down before my whole bladder emptied onto my tiles, I felt so turned on by this whole experience that this would be a great idea for first time wetters to give them a taste of naughty habits to come.

I couldn’t stop enjoying my golden stream of pee flowing endlessly into the toilet and just soon after my messy load emptied out as well and I was so thrilled that my most embarrassing accident didn’t happen at all. Then I thought to myself why not make that bitch (Pearl) wet herself as my retaliation to her stubbornness towards me and how such a bitch she is to me how about humiliating her to get revenge on the way she treats me.

Something to consider about Pearl was when we first came to Earth, Pearl was the one that took the longest to be potty trained. Myself and Steven’s mother Rose Quartz were the two who were potty trained the best, we could hold it in for so long. Yeah that actually happened and Rose was the champion at holding in your pee she could even hold a morning pee till the afternoon which I don’t think any human could do.

It was only because the gemstone she was a Quartz which was the most powerful out of all the gems and that’s the reason why she could do all that. Now let’s get back on track, ok. Pearl was so potty trained badly that every morning she would wake up to her bed covered in piss and back then the house only had two bathrooms and there wasn’t any bathrooms inside our rooms I wouldn’t of made it if it was house was still the same. So Garnet had her own bathroom to use and we could only use it if she allowed us to, I still think that Garnet has a wetting fetish, I just think that of how she acts.

Usually when Rose occupied the bathroom Pearl was bouncing up and down needing to go and you guessed it every time that happened there would always be a big puddle underneath her legs. Back then myself and Rose where the smart ones about using the bathroom when both toilets where occupied then we would walk over to the beach and released onto the sand and it was much better than Pearl’s strategy, where it will always end with a puddle on the floor.

To Be Continued...

*003*2020-05-02 20:46

Welcome back guys, I can see you are really liking my stories. Starting off from before, it was almost dinner time and I had to pee again because of the way I hydrated myself. I walk to the bathroom and this time I was a good girl, I peed into the toilet instead of my diaper. I got off the toilet and then an idea struck me, remember how I told you guys about the glory days, why not bring it back.

I had a beautiful plan to make that bitch, Pearl not able to use the bathroom as payback for her rudeness to me. Like I said before Pearl was like me now, she really loved wetting herself. She would always love to do it, one of her favourite variations of this was when she drank too much soda and she lifted up her skirt and showed myself, Rose and Garnet her wet stain on her crystal white panties. Pearl did not just like one way of wetting yourself, she loved them all. She was surprisingly a.... Bed wetter. Yes a bed wetter? She’s definitely loved that for sure, I can vividly remember it, every breakfast, her pyjamas pants would be soaked.

She really enjoyed it, I still remember every night she would stack up on liquids before going to bed and this is going to shock you but she was really a good pranker, she loved to prank me all the time, not only that she loved to make us desperate to go and watch us holding it in until we burst. One time I pranked her earlier on that day and she wanted revenge. So when it was breakfast, Pearl poured some laxatives in my juice (a common practice that I used to use), she then restricted me not to use the bathroom and at that time I couldn’t hold anything in for a long time. So obviously I didn’t make it and I pooed in my pyjamas pants, I miss that Pearl.

Wait a second why not make become that image again, I spent a long time thinking of how to do it and it struck me, why not make her overdose on soda and restrict her to not use the bathroom. It was perfect and for you guys if you don’t know why Pearl is much different, it’s simply because the death of Rose impacted her so much, it’s like her personality was crushed by something and turned her into a depressed woman and with no real joy in life.

The plan was laid, I was going to make everyone play truth or dare as a way to disguise it so it’s not overly recognisable. After our lovely meal of chicken wings, I decided to make my plan begin...

To Be Continued...

*004*2020-05-09 21:03

“Now it was my time to strike, I could tell that Pearl needs to go because she drinks far beyond her bladder’s limits a lot. I still remember that one time where Pearl peed under the table at dinner because Rose and her were playing a game where you couldn’t use the toilet for a day. I then had to make sure that she was desperate enough, so I let my knife drop under the table to see Pearl desperate to pee and she most definitely was.

She had enough of the holding that she now was sweating so much that it was really obvious that she needed to go, so I got up and ran towards Pearl’s room to lock the doors so that she can’t get it. Something that you can easily associate with desperate Pearl is that she makes very dumb mistakes. Pearl got up not too long after me and she was totally desperate, her walk wasn’t too long as she knows everything.

She got there, but I couldn’t see, but she told me, her bladder was oversized meaning she passed her limit. You see Pearl always drank beyond her limits because she loved to hold it in, making it’s temperature hotter and maybe some wettings. But that was Pearl from when Rose was around, not now she completely lost herself when she died. Just one fact about this story is that this is going to be the first time Pearl would wet herself since the day that Rose died, yes that is correct she hasn’t peed herself now and that’s because she trained her bladder to hold more in.

Now back to the story, Pearl saw the door was locked, but did know that I was inside because it’s always locked until you tug on the doorknob, so yeah she tugged on the door. The door didn’t open, then she must of remembered that I left before her, so she knew what my plans were. She knocked on the door and immediately said “Amethyst, please open this door right now I need to use the toilet! Please?” I deliberately said nothing to her and pretended that I wasn’t here, Pearl was getting hot headed she was absolutely mad and was in pain.

Now remember that I said Pearl makes very stupid and dumb choices when she’s desperate to use the bathroom, like now she’s persisting to use the bathroom in her room, but there’s heaps more bathrooms that she probably could make it. But thank goodness she did that because she would escape with no wetting if she used her brain, in a matter of seconds Pearl’s bladder let out a squirt of pee, this ultimately scared her because she knew that she was on the verge of having an accident. Not to shortly after that another popped out and then a slight stream came out and very lightly soaked her panties, she screamed out at me and said “AMETHYST LET ME IN, I’M ALREADY PEEING MYSELF!”

I was completely happy about this she already leaked so with that meaning she was going to go in any moment. I then came up with a very good idea, I was going to lure her inside and make her think I would let her go, but it was a trap. So I quickly went to lock the bathroom door and unlock the door to the room as I called out to her that I opened it and Pearl was super happy even know by now she could just have an accident any second now.

She walked in and I locked the doors and she twisted the bathroom doorknob, but nothing happened, she called out at me and yelled my name at me, but then her blue pants was starting to turn darker, by loud hissing noise started and featured a horrified Pearl watching her pee herself. I watched for a very long time but it was worth the wait, but Pearl was absolutely embarrassed by this as her hole face became bright red.

I left not to long after that most enjoyable wetting that I ever saw.

Thank you for listening and reading my story.

The End

