A Day In The Life of Dua Lipa

Author: Batman007

*000*2021-09-21 00:12

We all know that Celebrities are humans, but haven’t you imagined seeing a famous celebrity having an accident, well that’s my story. I’m Mac and I’m Dua Lipa’s personal driver and boy does she have some amazing wetting stories. This one time I had to take her home from one of her concerts where she had a lot to drink and eventually wet herself, that’s the story summarised, but it’s best to know the full picture.

After performing a rendition of her hit song Levitating, Dua felt the affects of her need, she needed to go earlier, but put it off. As the concert finally finished she realised that she needed to take a pee and a shit desperately, so she went to the backstage bathrooms but noticed how disgusting, unkempt and disgraceful the bathroom was in and naturally, she chose not to go to the bathroom and risked her chance of relief.

She later entered my limousine with her flatulence smell, but was too busy focusing on holding both her bladder and her bowels to care than her odour. She breathed a sigh of relief as I drove away from her fans as she hoped she could keep it in. Later I remember vividly, Dua farted loudly and shook it off by uncontrollably laughing. It was later on when I noticed the famous singer starting to fidget in her seat, I at first didn’t know what was going on, but I brushed it off and didn’t ask her, maybe I should’ve.

About a minute later she let out another fart, though I noted her calm demeanour, I at first thought that she was trying to tell me something but was nervous and kept farting because of her nerves, but I was so wrong. Dua felt another spasm and couldn't stop herself from crossing her legs, bending over a bit as she prayed she didn't piss herself on the spot. This caused her to let out a fart as well, which caused me to glance at her and see her in her desperate state, legs crossed. It was here where I built the courage to ask her why she’s sitting cross legged and she responded in her thick British accent “Mac, I’ve drunk too much at the concert, I’m not drunk, but I servilely need to go to the loo, I haven’t been through the whole show.”

I was shocked to hear this and I just told her that I’ll do my best to get you home in time as she never liked going to public bathrooms. However, I had no idea how bad she had to go until much later. A whole 2 minutes have now past and Dua was at the verge of defeat around now, her legs were crossed as tight as possible but a steady stream escaped her. She screamed as it splattered on her red laced panties, however, she eventually tamed it and recovered with only a small damp leak.

I was getting so turned on knowing that she could lose it in any minute, it was truly a hot experience. I almost made it to her home, when she spoke “Mac, I don’t think I can make it!” I was turned on but gutted at her comment, I tried to calm her by telling her that I’m almost there, but she had a feeling that she’s wasn’t gonna make it. Thankfully, I reached her home but she was about to bust. She got out of the limo and walked up to her door, I listened in horror as the famed singer, Dua Lipa finally had her relief. The hissing sound of her pee, the rapid farts crackling from her worn out bottom, and the moans escaping from her lips — it was all too much for her to handle. I watched as she bent over exposing her panties, the sight was pretty lewd to be watching but I didn’t care.

She groaned with tears in her eyes as she let out a silent fart. Her groaning was soon replaced by a loud crackling sound as a long log of poo escaped into her panties, forming a noticeable bulge on her mini skirt. In short, she was pooping herself. Dua corrected her posture to being straight, she stood frozen in complete horror as a slow but steady stream escaped her. It expanded the wet patches on her already damp panties. She slowly uncrossed her legs and stood with her feet slightly apart trying so hard to fight the urge, but it was no use.

Realising there was no stopping it, she stopped holding back and started pissing with full force, going straight through her pantyhose and onto the pavement. The puddle was now larger than the width between her feet. She looked up and saw me out of the limo in complete shock. She felt her stream come to a stop, a couple last spurts to signal her bladder was empty, and she looked down to see a three foot wide puddle. She felt her feet squish due to the collected liquid inside her high heels, her entire bottom half soaked, her pantyhose, skirt and panties were all drenched. She looked back up at me with tears in her eyes and said goodbye as I watched the drenched singer walk inside her house.

To Be Continued...

*002*2021-10-01 00:16

I watched as she closed the door and I felt extremely sad for her. I couldn’t stop thinking that it may have been my fault that she embarrassed herself in front of me. I still couldn’t tell if that experience was pleasurable or not, but I did get an erection from the sight, however, I’m starting to question my own thinking. I walked to Dua’s door and thought that I should comfort her, to my amazement she didn’t fully close the door, which was great as I walked in and shut the door. I walked up stairs to find where she was, but I didn’t find her until later. I noticed that one of the doors of Dua Lipa’s collection of bathrooms, one had its lights on and I went in hoping Dua was in there.

My mind was right, there she was in nothing but her piss and shit stained panties sitting on the toilet crying. This view of seeing the famous singer was such a turn on but I refrained myself from making it look like I’m pleasuring myself while looking at my passenger half naked. I walked over to her and we spoke, “Dua, I’m so sorry I let you have an accident. I hope you understand.”

“Mac, I appreciate what you’re doing, but it was my fault that I didn’t tell you earlier. I feel so fucking ashamed of myself.” I hesitated, but spoke softly to her, “Dua, don’t be ashamed of yourself, it’s something that happens to everyone. It shows that you’re human.” Dua looked up at me with tears still in her eyes and asked me to take off her stained panties. I almost fainted at the sight of that, I reluctantly agreed and pulled them off. I was completely turned on as she stood naked, she spoke soon after, “Mac, I’ve got a surprise for you for being a great chauffeur.” I walked with her into one of her many bedrooms, I was so blind when she did it but looking back at it, it was so enjoyable.

I watched as she unzipped my fly, took out my rock hard penis, and put it in her mouth. I tried to move, but it felt as if my body were tied down by invisible threads. I felt myself growing big and hard inside her mouth. Her tongue was long and soft and seemed to wrap itself around me. Just as I was about to cum, she suddenly moved away and began slowly to undress me. I watched as Dua took off my jacket, my tie, my pants, my shirt, my underwear, and made me lie down on the bed.

She sat on the bed, took my hand, and brought it to her pussy. My hand felt the warmth of her vagina. It was deep, warm, and very wet. My fingers were all but sucked inside. Her vagina felt warm and at the same time cold. It tried to envelop me, to draw me in, and at the same time to press me out. My erection grew larger and harder. I felt I was about to burst wide open. It was the strangest sensation, something that went beyond simple sexual pleasure. It felt as if something inside her, something special inside her, were slowly working its way through my organ into me.

An alarm went off by the bedside table, Dua’s arm raised over and hit the button off, I woke up and was still in awe as I slept with Dua Lipa. “Oh for fuck sake! I really have to pee.” She got out of bed and I watched her walk to the bathroom, I got up to watch her go, as I got there she was pissing with full force and I couldn’t hold back the excitement. I continued watching and then Dua looked up and saw me, she got such a fright that she started peeing on me. She managed to regain control and steered her stream back to the toilet.

She looked up and noticed my erection, “Mac, you know that was the best sex I’ve ever had, you know I’m so happy that I had that accident yesterday.” Words could not describe how I was feeling when those words left her mouth. “You know what Mac, maybe I should do that more often. I mean with you, you know. I don’t want to be seen wetting myself on stage, but I will do it secretly for you only. It’s for your eyes only.” I was completely speechless, Dua has allowed herself to become my wetting toy, I couldn’t believe that. She flushed the toilet and walked over to the sink, “Oh and from now on you can control my bladder.” I’ve never enjoyed this job until now.

We walk to the kitchen together, still naked and I watch as Dua starts drinking orange juice straight from the bottle. She stops and she’s drunk half of the 2L in it, I’m such in amusement as I know I have to control her bladder. She also has some breakfast but I wasn’t paying attention at that. Dua heads back to her bedroom to get dressed, I naturally followed her and she looked sensational as she showcased her washboard abs in a tiny red ribbed crop top and wore a pair of denim jeans with a black belt cinch in her waist. A thing she would hate wearing later.

I drove her to the mall where I was constantly close to her, I watched at how everyone was freaking out that Dua was there, but my mind was just waiting for that moment where she would signal to me - I’m desperate to pee. We had a little browse but I don’t want to bore you, so I’ll just skip passed this.

We were in the limousine again, it was there when Dua told me that she was getting desperate. I mean we did spend an hour in the mall and she hasn’t gone since she woke up. I told her that she was banned from using the toilet and she laughed, but Dua knew that she wanted to have another wetting. Later on, we were stuck in traffic for a bit and I couldn’t hold it back to ask her how’s she going, but I refrained from doing that and closed my eyes. Later on, I open my eyes and Dua has opened my fly of my jeans and starts playing with my cock. I asked her why she’s doing this and she replies that she would love to have more sex and she’s been constantly thinking of sex this whole time while I’ve been thinking of her desperate to go.

We stayed in that traffic which felt like hours and Dua was getting more and more desperate, she started fidget now and she stopped masterbating me now. I watched her getting more desperate as time progressed, her fidgeting by now was evident that she was getting into some dangerous territory. She later told me that she was almost completely full by now. There was no consistent change on the road and my favourite passenger became more and more desperate, by the time the traffic cleared, Dua was completely full and we were an hour away from her house. By now she took off that belt she had on which was cutting into her bladder while it grew.

When we were just about 30 minutes away things got a whole lot interesting. She told me that she was so completely full that she will start leaking. Dua, like me was so excited to have her accident, within a minute later she started leaking. She felt a small leak erupt out of her aching pussy and dampened her red laced panties. I couldn’t bare the excitement, things started to heat up when we were about 15 minutes away from her house as she was about to have a second leak. Another leak erupted out of her aching pussy this time it was much bigger and dampened her panties even more.

We were only 5 minutes away when it happened. I watched as Dua lost all control a wet patch formed on her jeans and she moaned in excitement. She was wetting herself, I was completely turned on and she was too. She spent an hour pissing and I watched in complete shock as she stripped and masterbated while still peeing. When we arrived home she was finished and a massive wet patch lay on her seat, she got dressed again and we got out together and walked inside. It was very late now when this happened, but it was so hot. When we arrived home Dua mentioned to me that she wanted to have a shower, so I naturally let her, but I had no idea how she she was going to do it.

I was sitting watching TV and Dua didn’t come out of the bathroom so I went to check on her and she left the bathroom door ajar, I walked in and there she was showering with her wet jeans on and red crop top. I went into the shower and we had another round of sex, but I don’t want to bore you with another sex story so I’ll skip to the best part. This was after having dinner, we were just hanging out watching some TV when Dua’s bladder started to work again and at the same time she needed to shit as well. The famous singer let out a fart, I looked over and I knew this would be fun. Dua felt another spasm and couldn't stop herself from crossing her legs, bending over a bit as she prayed she didn't piss herself. This caused her to let out a fart as well, causing me to glance at her and see her in her desperate state with her legs crossed an completely desperate.

In the TV program we were watching, a sound effect of water played on screen which drove her desperation up another notch and Dua buckled her knees as she started to leak, this leak a slow trickle that lasted several seconds. She wore nothing but a pair of black leggings with no panties underneath. By now she finally willed herself to stop leaking, but she forgot about her bowels and she felt herself open up. I felt the tip of her load pushing out, but Dua held it in place. As she sweated in effort to stop herself from having a total accident, she stayed frozen with her legs crossed, as a slow but steady stream escaped her.

It expanded the wet patches on her leggings, she slowly uncrossed her legs and stood with her feet slightly apart as the puddle grew. Realising there was no stopping it, Dua Lipa stopped holding back and her piss gushed out with all her force, going straight through her leggings and onto the once crystal clear tiles. The puddle was now larger than the width between her feet. She looked up at me and let go, a long, raunchy fart escaped her bottom, followed by a soft plop sound. Dua started forcefully pooping herself as massive logs of poo escaped into her leggings and formed a noticeable bulge. I watched in horror as the famous singer, Dua Lipa let herself go with her completely soaking her leggings and soiling it with her lewd and messy lumps of logs.

To Be Continued...

*005*2021-10-17 08:35

Dua stayed in her soaked and soiled leggings for sometime, her very thought of her being naughty must’ve turned her so on. Anyway, it started to get late and the two of us headed straight to the bedroom, but to note it was exactly 1:00 AM and Dua hadn’t gone to the bathroom since 10:00 PM. We did have some more sex, but it was then that she came out and told me that she had a full bladder. I couldn’t believe I was have sex with someone who had a completely full bladder and was going to burst in any minute. I remember I so desperately wanted her to piss on me and it really turned me on.

But Dua never had an accident at all, she managed to hold her full bladder in while I gave her the best sex in her life. We then peacefully fell asleep and I later woke up at 3 feeling very warm and wet, I thought that I wet the bed, but my mind corrected my guess and I realised that Dua was peeing. I slide my hand under her and I could feel her golden stream dripping on my hand. I placed my hand on her pussy and my hand felt like I slide it into a waterfall, I started fingering her and it was such a joy to be wet. Dua didn’t wake up but I know she could definitely feel it.

After I stopped playing with her, I went back to sleep and pretended I woke up to a very dirty dream. It was now 6:00 AM, Dua woke up to find that she wet the bed. She was turned on by the experience, she looked over to me, I was awake by then I turned my head and stared at her. She started speaking in a seductive tone, “Mac, I can’t believe that I was such a naughty girl. I had a big accident! I enjoyed your present last night, it was such a turn on! I almost woke up from it, but I wished I was awake to properly experience it.” I played with her for about an hour and she eventually gave me a blow job.

We got out of bed and we ate breakfast together, we were going shopping and what an experience it was to see Dua having another accident. Before leaving she drunk a cup of orange juice and one coffee, Dua then got herself dressed wearing black leather pants with a black top and a black jacket over that. We arrive at the mall not soon after and we start having a browse, much later on after we visit a few shops I watch Dua order coffee for the both of us and I know she’s doing to be naughty - she wants to have an accident. She comes back to hand me my coffee and we walk off to look at some more shops.

The time now was 1:40 exactly thirty minutes after she bought the coffees, by now she was becoming very desperate to go and showed no hesitation in telling me that she had to go. We walked to the bathroom and I watched her as she walked into the ladies room only to see her come straight out hopping on the spot and so desperate to go. “Mac, the toilet is broken and vandalised so it’s closed.” I tried to comfort her as we walked off to look at another shop, just to note that the mall we were in was very old and only has one bathroom but many of the shops did have a bathroom inside.

We walked into Victoria’s Secret to have a look there, Dua did love to wear some impressive lingerie on stage and mainly at home I think to impress me. After searching for something to try on Dua chose to try on a sexy red 3 piece tri bra & garterbelt lingerie set, but exactly at this same time she was absolutely needing to pee very badly. She walks into the dressing room to get changed, the door closes and locked straight after. Dua Lipa strips down to her white panties, she then takes off her jacket and top to reveal her massive breasts. She tries it on and instantly loves it, according to her she says that she looked so hot in it.

Dua then got dressed back into her normal clothes and was about to leave, but the door would not budge it was somehow locked from both ends and she was trapped inside the change room with full bladder that she wouldn’t be able to keep inside her. She knocks on the door and fidgets with the door handle, but no one would come. She was fighting a losing battle she wouldn’t be able to hold it in any more so the famous singer pulled down her pants and sat on the small seat with her legs spread out and released. A big stream of pee shot out of her, her white pristine panties turned yellow as Dua Lipa the famous singer lost her battle.

As she was enjoying peeing in the change room a store worker came to say he’s unlocking the door, Dua got a big fright she quickly pulled up her leather pants even though she wasn’t finished, as the man started to open the door Dua let out all of pee into her leather pants. The door opened straight away and Dua ran outside back to me, the store worker didn’t mention anything about the accident, but it must’ve felt like an honour having a celebrity making a mess on the carpet.

To Be Continued...

*007*2021-11-14 12:29

Dua runs to the nearest bathroom to check her accident. Thankfully, her wettness is barely seen as she just had a few drops inside her pipes, she decided to go on shopping in her wet clothes to enjoy the feeling. Later on as we checked out a lot of stores Dua wanted to drink another coffee to celebrate the day. I watched as she drank three cups of coffee, through it would be expensive for a normal customer because she was famous she got it for free. We stayed there for a while, at least two hours. We didn’t talk we just stared at each other, my mind couldn’t stop thinking that she would have to go pee again and I couldn’t stop thinking of having sex with her again.

It’s getting close to two hours and it was starting to become a bore and awkward but then Dua started to feel the pressure of going to pee! I didn’t know anything, she kept it to herself and forces herself to release some of the pain, she reaches down to her skirt to pull her panties down. She lets go and small stream of pee hits the floor, I wasn’t paying attention at that moment and come to think of it I think I fell asleep. We get up and not soon after we leave going to look at some more shops, Dua’s bladder was no longer full but still had a lot inside.

We walk into a shoe shop at least an hour after walking into five other shops, I love shopping with Dua because she always wants to wet herself and that was a big turn on for me. She later asks me to help her with some heels she wanted to try on. I get on my knees to put her pair of high heels on and thinking there would be anything sexual or dirty about this, but I was dead wrong. I paced it on neatly for her as I was getting up she release another big stream. I watched as her jeans became saturated with pee dripping from her crotch stretching to her foot into the new shoes. Dua looks up at me and I become horny as hell, I remember in the past that Dua never enjoyed wetting herself in public but today she just broke one of her taboos. We walked as fast as we could back to the car park, I had to hide Dua’s accident very well because if I didn’t people on social media would be excited to get snaps of Dua Lipa in a wet pair of denim jeans.

We came to a holt, I noticed that as Dua stop her heels squelched. I stared at her for a while I was so turned on, I knew exactly what to do and I think she did as well as she unbuttoned her top and took off her bra. She then pulled off her her whole top to leave me speechless staring at her breasts which made me lose concentration and didn’t realise until later that I was having sex with her again. I was so memorised looking at a half naked Dua Lipa that I forgot she unbuttoned my pants and started sucking my rock hard cock in the back seat of the limo.

The scene was indescribably graceful and erotic with one hand, I pressed myself against the wide space of the limo with the loud moans of the famous singer pleading me to go deeper into her. The head of my penis was tingled unbearably; it was hot and swollen, a drop forming at the tip. I knew that it was time I’ve been waiting for this moment as I couldn’t get enough of her. I was tired from the whole day but I didn’t care. I didn’t want to sleep. I wanted the ache. I wanted her in me, all the time. I wanted to squeeze her in further and further.

She had such an affect on me that I couldn’t dream anything without her being in it. I couldn’t fight the urge not to think of having more sex with her, it was the most pleasurable thing I’ve ever experienced. I wanted to watch her face sweat and watch it drop onto me. I was always starstrucked when we had sex because it was like opening a mystery box as you never knew what you were going to get from her every time we did this, it was always different and made me appreciate her company even more.

I held her tightly and I finally put everything that I could into her. She let off a haunting moan, I nearly pissed myself from hearing it, I knew she was loving me going deeper into her. I’ll never forget it. I was in charge and I fucking loved it. I held her hands down like I was a policeman handcuffing her for committing a hideous crime. She pretended to break free, I immediately lost my grip from her shaking that I fell on her chest. I felt like I was tranquillised, but I could feel her pulling my legs closer to her. I instantly got up as she started forcing my body to go in deeper, I awoke to her sitting on me with my cock wedged into her pussy.

I then felt her start pushing out and starting to finger me, I was so turned on as she started to stroke my penis. I remember that I almost cummed on her, however what I really enjoyed was when she dripped one of his fingers flicked over my ass. I couldn’t believe that she was fingering me in my ass, it was such a surreal experience. I couldn’t believe it. There was no end to it, no end to new things. I copied her. She did it back. I took her from behind and pushed back and force to put more of her into me. I felt her tits rubbing on my chest and I watched as she grabbed my massive cock and started to suck and lick it. Eventually at the end of the day she made me cum on her stomach and allowed me to finger her in the ass.

I won’t go into too much detail after that, but you can guess I made a complete mess on her. At 2:00, Dua had a new album shoot and there was a whole sexy story around that. As I arrived at the studio Dua was not desperate to pee yet, she was completely empty. A big problem occurred, Dua’s revealing blue dress with pantyhose was nowhere to be scene. At the time of shooting she was barely wearing anything, to cheer up everyone a bottle of champagne was sitting on a table waiting to get touched. I watched as Dua got herself completely drunk, the crew members told the intoxicated singer that she would have to do the shoot nude as they had absolutely no clothes for her to wear. Dua probably had no idea what the hell they were talking about, so I helped her strip and it felt so horny to undress her. By the time the crew wanted to start, Dua was in dire need to pee.

The camera man started to snap away, Dua was posing in many positions some where were quite suggestive and quite sexualised. I watched as nobody saw her bladder bulge except me, a few shoots were done in a few minutes but Dua didn’t look like she could make it. Only one more picture had to be taken. It was a highly sexualised one, exactly Dua’s taste but as she was drunk I don’t think she knew what the fuck was happening. She had to stand next to the crescent moon background and had to expose herself completely, I couldn’t believe what happened next....

Dua Lipa, the famous singer lost her battle with her bladder and started forcefully peeing onto the stage. The cameraman took some photos of her wetting herself thinking it was part of the script, however it wasn’t and he had made the biggest mistake ever! She looked at me and fell to the ground instantly, I watched as a massive puddle flowed out of her I couldn’t believe that she just had an accident on stage.

Well.... She did have an accident shooting the music video for the song Brake My Heart, but that was a hotter experience where she... I better not tell now, I think that I should recollect that later. A minute past and she was finished, it looked like she fell unconscious after peeing as she didn’t wake up at all, so I took her into the limo and did my best to hide the fact that she was naked to the public eye because there isn’t something worser than finding out the paparazzi get their hands on nude photographs of my passenger that felt like she was my girlfriend every time I’m with her.

To Be Continued...

