Tales of Wet Horror: Epilogue

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-31 20:44

Tales of wet horror: Epilogue

The girls all remained in their seats. Kim's story had caused the group to cease all teasing and mocking They sat in silence. The one to break the silence was Liz.

“I have to pee again” She said. Robin began laughing and the others eventually enjoyed, the tension finally being broken.

“Oh Jesus Christ...” Robin said, wiping a tear from her eye. “I needed that. That story Kim. That was fucking creepy.”

“I never said it was a nice story. It only had to involve me wetting myself” Kim replied. Still giggling.

Cassie was laughing so hard. “oh god...my ribs” Jessica was lying on the ground with her forearm over her eyes. Giggling.

“Guys...I'm peeing!” Jessica squealed. The girls all looked to Jennifer and saw a puddle forming around her ass, streaking down in between her legs. It left a dark patch on her shorts and made a hissing noise as it sprayed out. The others just stared.

“For real?” Kim asked, with a grin. “Can no one here control their bladder?”

Cassie got to her feet, still laughing. “I think I'm gonna piss as well.” The entire group stared at her bladder, urine began to sprinkle out. Suddenly Jessica was hit in the face with a warm liquid. An axe had come crashing down upon Cassie's head and split it down the centre. The man pushed her corpse out of the way and stepped towards Jessica, who was screaming about receiving blood in her face. He grabbed her by the hair and slammed her face into the campfire. The stench of burnt flesh quickly invaded the air. Jessica squirmed and flailed, desperately trying to escape the flames. The man raised her foot and brought it down on her head. While all this was happening, the other girls had fled.

“Oh my god. Who was that guy?! He was huge!” Kim screamed, tears falling from her eyes.

“That's the guy I was telling you about!” Robin yelled. “The guy who chased me in my story!”

The girls eventually stopped running near some bushes. They were drenched in sweat. “How do we get out of here?!” Kim asked. Her mascara running.

“I don't know. Jessica lead us in. How did he even find us!?” Robin asked. “Oh shit, he must of seen my drivers license and stalked me here.” Liz sobbed against a tree. Too traumatised to speak. The other two girls continued to argue, passing the blame between each other. Liz curled up into a ball and leaned back against a tree. “Oh god. How am I gonna get out of this...that guys here and-and he killed Cassie and Jessica and I don't know what to do and there's no way out!”, These thoughts kept repeating themselves in her head, over and over. Her thoughts were cut off when she was dragged away by the tall man. He grabbed her, covering her mouth and grabbing her throat, preventing a scream. The other two were busy arguing and didn't notice their friend's disappearance until it was too late. He grabbed her by the legs and swung her around, slamming her face off a tree. A tree branch was impaled into her forehead, killing her.

“Where the fuck is Liz?!” Robin asked, noticing her friends disappearance. Her question was answered when her friends body was thrown on top of Robin, knocked her off her feet. Kim quickly ran, leaving her friend. The tall man walked over to the girls and separated Robin's head from her body.

Kim kept running. She tripped but quickly dragged herself to her feet. She sped through the woods, jumping over logs and bushes, dodging trees, desperate to make it back the car. Then she saw it. The signpost pointing to the footpath. She had found it! She quickly ran up the path, ignoring the ache in her stomach she had and her painfully full bladder. The path was a long one and she couldn’t see the big guy. He may have been fast, but she know for sure she was faster. She saw the fences which marked the beginning of the path and she could see the clearing. It was a large field which had become a designated parking area. She kept running. She could see the car. She had the keys. She was going to escape.

But then she saw it. It was the thing was the pale ghastly face. It was in the back seat of the car! Waving at her! She stopped running and froze in fear. Her bladder emptying into her pants, it streaking down her jeans and dripping to the floor. It streaked down her legs and warmed her shoes, pooling in there. She had no idea what to do. The big man was no doubt close behind her. But it was in the car as well! After this, she suddenly felt her pants get heavier as she began messing them. She could feel the warmth on her ass as the two logs pushed into her black panties. It was at this point, the big man walked up behind her, grabbed her by the hair and pulled her back, giving him the opportunity to slit her throat. Her body went limp and she flopped to the floor, bleeding. The last thing she saw before she died were her friends bodies, being flopped down beside her. All with soaking wet pants.

Das ende

Hope you enjoyed.

If you were expecting a nice ending...I regret nothing. Tottally a surprise ending, right? I mean. How many other Omorashi stories have the entire cast being slaughtered at the end?

*002*2013-07-31 22:30

{{: 

Good to see kim wetting and messing herself after taunting the others. so sequel?? .....oh wait, nevermind

}}

Yeah. There ain't gonna be a sequel. Everyones a little busy...being dead.

*005*2013-08-04 20:11

{{: 

You're an awesome writer.

Even if you are done with this story, which I assume you are, you should continue writing for the forum.

}}

I intend to. I'm considering doing another set of these stories, focusing on a differnt group of unlucky women.

*007*2013-08-05 01:30

{{: 

Who subsequently die of some horrible thing in the end.

}}

That would be to obvious, wouldn't it now? I'm alot more creative than that.

