Jenna's Public Humiliation at the Office

Author: waterwizard

*000*2017-02-21 14:01

Jenna smiled sympathetically as she bid her good friend goodbye, having come over last night with all the necessary items for someone with a stomach bug. When her friends were sick, Jenna was always the first person to stay over and help out.

Jenna pulled herself into her car and pulled a small bottle of hand sanitizer from her bag, rubbing it over her thin hands. She definitely couldn't afford to get sick right now, not with everything that was happening at work, but she wasn't too worried -- she rarely caught anything.

Her day at the office went as usual. She drank her morning coffee, answered some e-mails, worked on the latest edition of Fashion Girl magazine and prepared for the meeting she had at the end of the day. Jenna had recently been promoted into her position as Junior Editor of the magazine and was dying to prove herself to her boss and the rest of the lead editing team who would all be at the meeting. She was nervous but prepared.

Jenna was working hard on revising some parts of her pitch for the meeting when a feeling of uneasiness stirred in her stomach. She looked down to the mug of coffee in front of her and pegged it as the culprit, pushing it across her desk and vowing to have no more. She couldn't afford to be off her game during this meeting, not even slightly. Knowing that water was the best cure for her stomach after too much coffee, Jenna grabbed her metal water bottle and left to fill it at the water fountain down the hall.

When Jenna returned, it was about 3 o'clock -- only 2 hours until her meeting. Jenna's stomach fluttered with butterflies, nervous for her pitch. She sat back down at her desk and resumed her work diligently, going over what she planned to say and trying to make every line perfect.

At 3:30, Jenna felt the uneasiness come back with vengeance. The feeling started as a slight uncomfortable twinge but began to get worse until she was bent over at her desk, hands on her lower stomach. Jenna looked out of her office door down the hallway with dread -- she loathed using public bathrooms. Ever since she was a little girl, she was mortified by the idea of someone even knowing that she had to pee, let alone hearing as she relieved herself in the most basic of ways. Pooping with someone able to hear was out of the question. The nerves that stirred in her body as she thought about this only made the pain in her stomach worse.

Forcing herself to push through, Jenna drank more water in an attempt to soothe her upset stomach. When the clock struck 4, the wave of pain had ended and Jenna felt worlds better. She filled up her water bottle again and drank a third of it quickly, attributing her feeling better to the large amount of water she had been drinking.

'I must have just been dehydrated,' She thought with relief, going back to putting the final touches on her pitch.

At 4:30, Jenna suddenly felt sickness throughout her whole body. She was sweating slightly, her muscles were a little tired and her stomach seemed to toss and turn inside her body. She thought of her friend that she had stayed the night with and bent over once again, holding her stomach.

'No, no, no,' She thought frantically, 'Please not today.'

The pain got worse and worse until Jenna finally gave in, deciding she had to use the public bathroom. As she tried to stand, she felt a spasm between her cheeks and she instinctively grabbed her ass with her hand and bent her legs at the knees, holding her thighs together. On top of the pain in her intestines, Jenna noticed a pain in her bladder, growing quickly from the over a gallon of water she had drank since arriving at work today.

'This can't be happening,' Jenna thought, feeling as though she might cry. Her intestines burned horribly and she could feel something threatening to leak into her panties at any moment. She tightened her asshole and held back the tears, determined to make it to the bathroom.

Jenna forced herself to walk down the hallway, her asshole agonizing from trying to stay tight. Her walk was stiff and her cheeks burned red but she managed to make it there, her stride quickening the closer she got to a toilet. Jenna entered the bathroom to find it empty and practically bursted into a stall, feeling like she might both piss and shit her skirt in seconds if she didn't get it off of her.

Being so close to the toilet, Jenna's body got overzealous and gave out on her. Jenna buckled at the knees horribly, one hand between her legs and pressed against her bursting pussy and the other holding onto the railing on the stall wall for support. She was sweating badly now, her stomach burning and turning with a horrible pain that threatened to explode into her panties and drip down her leg any moment. She stood stuck in this position for what seemed like centuries, unable to move a muscle lest she soil her skirt beyond any hiding. Jenna began to cry both from the humiliating situation she was in as well as the incredibly pain deep in her abdomen, all on top of her meeting that was being ruined.

When she finally gained control of her bodily functions, Jenna scrambled to undo her belt. She squirmed as she fought with it, becoming increasingly frustrated. As she finally got the buckle loose, she heard someone enter the bathroom.

Jenna's stomach sank. She couldn't do this. The thought of how loud what she was about to do might be was too much for her to take, she couldn't even think of what she would do if it smelled. Jenna sat with her bare ass on the toilet, so close to relief, clenching her ass muscles with all of her might.

'If I can just wait until she leaves, I'll be okay,' She thought, sweating profusely.

The woman sat down and peed, groaning slightly with relief. Jenna felt her pussy spasm, the sound of the woman's pee flooding into the toilet water proving too much for her. Jenna's hand shot between her legs before she could stop herself, bare fingers against her pussy that she now could not take off without everything she was holding in gushing out. The woman sat for a few excruciating moments, possibly on her phone, in which Jenna's stomach began to hurt horribly again. Finally, the woman flushed, causing a spurt of pee to squirt onto Jenna's fingers. Jenna almost moaned aloud, the relief was almost orgasmic, especially with her fingers pressed against her peehole and clit. She tried to keep her fingers still, disgusted by the deep pleasure that flooded through her whole body every time her fingers moved.

The woman then washed her hands, the sound of the water agonizing on Jenna's ears. She felt her body moments from giving out, her asshole aching from the strain of holding her diarrhea in. The water turned off and Jenna's heart leapt -- she would get relief as soon as the woman left.

The woman looked at herself in the mirror, casually dried her hands but then did not leave. Jenna listened quietly as the woman seemed to walk toward her stall until heels appeared under her door. They were the shoes of her boss, Adelaide. Jenna felt a sinking feeling.

'"Who's in there?" She asked. Jenna was mortified.

"Hello? Excuse me? Who is in there?" Her voice was serious. Jenna's trembled.

"It's Jenna Wheeler," She replied meekly, her urge to pee and stomach pains worsened by the nerves that now coursed through her body.

"Well you've been in there since before I came in. I don't pay you to sit on the toilet on your phone."

"I-I'm sorry, I'm not on my phone," Jenna stammered, now rubbing her pussy to keep from beginning to piss right in the middle of talking to her boss. She struggled to find something to say. She couldn't tell the truth. "I thought I might be sick but I'm fine now," She blurted out.

"Well then let's go, Jenna," Adelaide said in an annoyed voice, "It's 4:43 and you know that if you're not 15 minutes early here, you're late. And if you're late, you can just head home because I don't like to have my time wasted."

Jenna began to cry but managed to force herself to stand, pulling her hand out from between her legs. The pain in her intestines was a dull, uncomfortable feeling right now and she thought to herself that she might be able to get through this. Her pitch was less than 10 minutes and as long as she got that out, she could afford to miss the rest of the meeting.

She forced herself to follow Adelaide, trying to walk as though she wasn't about to burst. Entering the room of successful men and women here to judge her, Jenna wished she had at least peed while she had the chance, the urgency in her bladder proving more persistent than that in her ass currently.

To Jenna's relief, Adelaide spoke little at the beginning of the meeting, as everyone knew this was a pitch meeting. Jenna and a few of her peers were here to pitch ideas to the big dogs. This was Jenna's first time being able to actually pitch her own idea to the editors rather than helping someone a little higher up improve their idea. This was her big shot.

Finally, Adelaide introduced Jenna and gave her the floor. Jenna walked stiffly to the front, fearful that the tiniest leak would become unstoppable, but managed to make it there without incident.

For about 4 minutes, everything went well. Jenna explained her ideas for the new seasonal spread of the magazine and surprised herself with how eloquent she managed to be, given that her stomach was beginning to burn horribly now. As the 5th minute rolled around, Jenna felt something awful.

Her intestines began to burn like nothing compared to what she had experienced today. It came on quickly and suddenly, causing Jenna to put a hand on her stomach and double over slightly.

"Miss, are you alright?" A gentleman sitting closer to her asked, concern on his face but a hill rising in his pants from seeing Jenna in this uncomfortable position.

Jenna's cheeks burned red with humiliation, "I'm fine," She replied with a strained voice and smile, forcing herself to stand upright and resuming her sentence.

It didn't last long. Jenna felt as suddenly her need to relief herself in both ways came to a peak, taking over her body. She bucked again at her knees, her hand shooting between her legs and against her pussy before she could stop it, her asshole tightening as much as she could. Jenna could feel the large volume of liquid that was threatening to gush from her pussy and the shit pressing against her anus as hard as it could.

Everyone was staring at her in disbelief. A few people including Adelaide stood and walked toward her but no one could do anything.

"Go take care of yourself," Adelaide whispered to Jenna, the judgment thick in her voice, but Jenna couldn't move. If she moved her hand or unclenched her thighs for even a second, she was sure that she would lose control. With only a skirt on instead of pants, there would be nothing to stop the piss and shit from dripping down her legs for everyone to see.

The room full of Jenna's bosses and coworkers simply stared as Jenna squirmed and rubbed her pussy, tears beginning to form in her eyes.

'Please no, please no, this can't be happening,' Jenna thought in a panic.

"Jenna," Adelaide scolded quietly, obviously embarrassed by Jenna's display, "That is enough. Control yourself and get out of here."

Adelaide took Jenna by the arm and began to guide her out of the room. Her grip wasn't hard but it was enough to make Jenna lose her balance, forcing her to unclench her thighs to catch herself.

Jenna gasped. She felt as wet poo escaped into her panties. She clenched her thighs together, inadvertently leaning on Adelaide, who tried to lean away but reflexively supported Jenna's weight.

"What is that smell?" She asked in a disgusted voice and everyone else began smelling it, too.

Jenna was in hell. Tears began to fall from her eyes as her body gave out on her. She clenched her ass with all her might but another poop slipped out audibly, causing everyone to look. Her face burnt red. Finally at the point of no return, Jenna began trying to leave the room. Walking proved fatal and she felt as her asshole spasmed over and over, wet shit dripping out with every step. Everyone watched as shit began to drip down her legs and into her shoes. Jenna was now sobbing and frozen, her legs buckling again.

She was now in the middle of the hallway outside the conference room, within eyeshot of the bathroom, with even more people looking at her. She stood, thighs together and hand rubbing her pussy mortifyingly, while her body continued to give out on her. She began pooping horribly, having full on diarrhea in front of everyone. A particular large shit caused her bladder to let go and a hiss could be heard as the gallon of water that was now sloshing against her bladder gushed out all over her feet. She continued to shit and pee herself for what felt like an eternity, giving in to the intense relief that coursed through her body.

