From Rainbow to Yellow (Street Fighter)

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2019-12-27 02:17

This was done as part of a trade with LeakyPanties. It also got me interested enough in the Street Fighter universe that I picked up V and started playing it. I like the game a lot, and I specifically like Rainbow Mika a lot, so I might be making more SF content.

Hope you enjoy!

The clamor and chaos that bellowed from a crowd was something Mika would never get tired of. As she stood atop the ropes ringing the arena, the roar grew only louder. “Who’s ready to watch an ass-whooping?” Mika called out, eliciting even more spirited cheers. Beside her, her tag-team partner Nadeshiko was also raising her arms high, calling out to the audience. It was a smaller venue than Mika traditionally hit up, but the crowd was certainly enthusiastic enough to make up the difference. They were eager to see some violence.

“You ready to do this, Nadeshiko?” Mika asked, shooting her partner a smirk.

Nadeshiko happily returned the smirk, “You bet your ass I am!”

“Just asking, cause if you wanna take a break, you know; I’m feeling pumped.”

“2v1 pumped?” When Mika’s only answer was a confident smile, Nadeshiko continued, “And leave all the fun to you? Keep dreaming.”

At the opposite end of the building, a door swung open, letting in unwanted sunlight. A silhouette appeared in the light, clearly a woman. Mika recognized the figure of Poison almost immediately. What truly made her unhappy was the positively gargantuan silhouette that completely filled the doorway after her. Poison, her wild, pink hair a mess and signature whip in hand, strode towards the ring. Behind her, the colossus called Hugo followed.

Mika’s smile had taken on a slightly more serious edge- no longer was she simply eager to get into a fight, now she was eager to take down an old rival of hers. Beside her, however, Nadeshiko’s boisterous confidence had died down considerably. She could swear the earth was shaking with every step Hugo took. She knew she’d peed a little when he entered. She hoped it wasn’t enough to show any damage on her outfit.

“Mika,” She spoke, low enough that only the two of them could hear, “Uh, how do you wanna do this?”

“Was thinkin’ we’d beat the crap out of ‘em, shake it up a little,”

“Seriously, Mika, what’s the game plan?”

“I can take on the big guy. I’ve fought with Zangief, after all, and that guy’s nothing compared to him!”

Nadeshiko was rather relieved to hear that. Poison was no slouch, but at least she was about the same height. Nadeshiko would need a ladder just to punch Hugo in the chest.

With almost no spectacle, the two climbed the ropes, and faced them. Being the rude person that Poison was, and the… odd individual that Hugo was, they weren’t incredibly popular for the audience. Their appearance was accompanied by scattered boos and jeers. It didn’t matter much to them; in fact, Poison likely preferred the enmity.

“Rainbow Mika… ” She began, “I heard you recently beat Zangief in one of your little play matches. Old man must be losing his touch, huh?”

“Why you… No one insults Zangief!” It wasn’t even a particularly scathing insult, but Mika couldn’t tolerate any amount of disrespect for her idol. “Change of plans, Nadeshiko, she’s mine!”

“She’s- wait what?!” her partner stammered, but Mika had already taken several steps forward, raring to go. Nadeshiko looked at the giant who would be her opponent, and felt a cold pit in her stomach. She braced herself to keep from leaking any more.

The venue and its modest accommodations didn’t have much in the way of rules, or even staff members, but the closest thing it had to an officiator simply called out, “3… 2… 1…

FIGHT!!”

With a nearly guttural roar, Hugo dropped to a fighting stance, and slowly approached Nadeshiko. She felt her bladder pulse once more, wetting the crotch of her wrestling attire. She steeled herself, and adopted her stance. She had no idea how she was going to take on Hugo, but she knew it wasn’t by pissing herself.

With a sudden lurch forward, Hugo threw out a simple punch. Nadeshiko nimbly dodged it, and used the opening to advance and drive a kick into his belly. If he noticed, he didn’t show it. With his other arm, he struck her in the side. The impact made her stagger back, and she was sure she could feel a couple warm droplets running down her leg. Hugo laughed, and for a moment she was worried her accident had been noticed, however, “I feel no pain!” was all he had to say.

Utilizing the considerable range his enormous arms offered him, he lashed out repeatedly, throwing out swing after swing. It taxed her reflexes to the extreme to keep up her dodging. A mighty right hook whizzed by her face, missing by an inch. The shock was so great that she failed to dodge his next attack. Raising her arms to block, she weathered a massive strike from Hugo. Searing pain shot through her arms, and heat coursed down her legs.

“No no no no no!” She muttered, looking down at herself. Urine was pouring from her crotch, and her suit was soaked. A thick stream fell between her legs, and splattered noisily on the ground. Smaller streams ran down her legs, depositing into the same puddle. Laughter quickly rose from the audience, along with insults and taunts. Nadeshiko’s face burned red- she’d just wet herself in front of a sizeable crowd.

Hugo laughed, and stood imposingly over her, “scared?” He asked.

Nadeshiko refused to let the fear overwhelm her any further. Hugo thought he had the fight in the bag, and she aimed to show him otherwise. He leaned over her, and she launched an uppercut directly into his jaw with all her might. If he truly felt no pain, then he was a good actor. He reeled back, clutching his chin. Nadeshiko returned to her fighting stance, and felt her face burn even hotter when the last spurt of urine finally exited her body, and streamed down her leg.

Meanwhile, Mika and Poison had been having their own little match. Poison’s whip made a number of approaches difficult, since any attacker would just eat a hit from it if they weren’t careful. Mika performed a feint attack, and Poison swung her whip. Had Mika truly been going for the attack, she would have taken a nasty hit; instead the whip cracked harmlessly in the open air. Mika had instead lunged in the other direction, and quickly closed the distance.

Poison barely had time to look surprised before Mika planted a fist in her face. She continued, and drove her knee into her stomach. Finally, she grabbed Poison’s shoulders, and forcefully pulled her into a grapple- slamming her into the ground. Mika put all of her weight and all of her strength into the attack. Poison cried out in pain, but Mika had heard something else.

She heard a faint crackle. With Poison’s shorts being pitch black and rather tight, it was difficult to see any staining or any bulge, but the smell in the air told Mika the truth: Poison had crapped herself. Mika grinned ear to ear, and stood, leaving Poison on the ground. She faced the cheering crowd, who had taken great joy in watching the show. In truth, she was also trying to put a little distance between herself and the odor of Poison’s accident.

In the middle of the fight between Hugo and Nadeshiko, Mika had bested Poison. Her scream of pain caught Hugo’s attention. In a panic, he looked over to see Mika cheering over a hurt Poison. Seeing his friend in trouble, Hugo growled, and abandoned his fight with Nadeshiko. He rushed to Mika, determined to protect- or at least avenge- his old friend.

Mika was riding high after taking out her rival. She was far too busy showboating to notice Hugo. Only when his monstrous shadow fell upon her did she realize what was happening- all too late. Like a human avalanche, he hit her with a body slam. It hurt Poison when Mika put all of her weight into a similar attack, but all of Hugo’s weight? That was like getting run over by a train. She was smashed into the floor, face-down.

“Mika!!” Nadeshiko called out, running to assist her partner. Her effort was halted when something took hold of her arm, and pulled her back. Poison’s whip was entangled around her elbow. Poison herself had recovered from Mika’s barrage of attacks, but looked quite worse for wear. Some observers may have even found themselves questioning why she was standing so bowlegged. Poison pulled hard on the whip, bringing Nadeshiko to her. Poison’s eyes drifted down to the wrestler’s stained crotch, and she laughed mockingly.

Nadeshiko fought back, but Poison was quick. She swiftly entangled her with the whip once more, this time around Nadeshiko’s entire body. Her arms were bound to her side, and she could not free herself, no matter how hard she struggled. She was then spun, and shoved towards the ropes. Her wet groin and glistening legs were quite easy to see. “Looks like little Nadeshiko had a bit too much to drink!” Poison shouted, eliciting laughter from the crowd.

She was spun around once more, facing Poison again. “Hey, Hugo!” She called, “Wanna finish this one up?”

The giant smiled, “Sure thing,” and lifted himself up. Below him, Mika was still lying face-down. She struggled to rise, but only briefly, before falling back down. Those in the ring were privy to a hissing sound, and their eyes all fell upon Rainbow Mika, and the rapidly expanding puddle around her thighs.

“Oh-ho! This is great!” Poison shouted, seeing Mika piss herself, “I think it’s about time for a rebranding. How does ‘Yellow Mika’ sound?” The audience laughed, and some of them even started a chant of “Yellow Mika.” Hugo gave a spirited laugh at his friend’s joke, as he cracked his knuckles. “All yours,” Poison said, stepping to the side. Nadeshiko struggled furiously to escape the whip binding her, but nothing worked.

She stumbled backwards, into the ropes. There was nowhere else to go. Hugo reeled back for a bone-shattering punch, while Poison merely taunted “smile for the camera!” Nadeshiko couldn’t find the same courage that had helped her earlier, the only thing she could feel was chilling terror. Her knees buckled, and her bowels gave in, pushing their contents into her panties. Unlike Poison, Nadeshiko’s outfit was white, and quite elastic. Her wet load filled the backside of her outfit, creating a rounded bulge that began to tinge brown. As she’d stumbled back into the ropes, she’d just treated at least a quarter of the audience to a clear view of her shitting herself in fear. She took solace in the fact that she would be unconscious soon enough.

But that was when all of them heard the rather startling sound of Mika’s voice, screaming “Hey!!”

Poison and Hugo whirled about in alarm, to see Rainbow Mika charging at them. As silly as she looked, with a piss stain that reached up to her bellybutton, they knew she was still a threat. Hugo prepared to meet her in combat, and Poison prepared to back him up. Both of them ignored Nadeshiko, who took the time to wriggle and writhe as much as possible. She had to suppress her desire to cheer when the whip began to loosen, and finally fell off of her. She’d been partners with Mika long enough to know what she wanted to do.

Hugo was not ready when, instead of attacking him, Mika slid between his legs. Behind him, Nadeshiko was waiting. She held out her hands, and served as a launchpad for Mika. Throwing the woman into the air, she landed a deadly kick on the back of the giant man’s head. He howled in pain, and began to waver.

Poison was fast enough to realize the danger she was in. She rushed Nadeshiko before Hugo could fall- before it would just be her against the duo. Nadeshiko was taken by surprise, and fell victim to a kick in her stomach. Poison retrieved her whip, and lashed out with it, striking Nadeshiko in the chest. She screamed, and fell backwards. She was done for, and she knew it. Unlike Mika, she couldn’t muster the will to stand back up.

By the time Hugo had finally collapsed, Mika was panting. She seriously only had a few drops of energy left inside her. Her eyes went wide when she saw an incoming whip strike. She ducked it, but Poison pressed the attack. Mika’s dodges of the many whip cracks were getting sloppier by the second. Eventually, Poison had gotten close enough to deliver a punch directly to Mika’s abdomen. Mika didn’t have the energy left to dodge, nor the strength left to resist it.

She inhaled sharply, then felt her body begin to go limp. When Poison pulled her fist back, Mika fell to her knees, wobbling to her left and right. She fought hard to stay conscious, to get back up and win, but her body was at its limit. She tried to force her body to move, and the exertion caused her to soil herself. The back of her outfit tented as its elasticity was tested by Mika’s load. Unlike her partner, her mess was much more firm, and stretched her outfit enough that she could feel it grow tighter. The thing both soilings had in common, however, was how conspicuous they were. There was no way anyone watching her couldn’t tell that she’d just shat her pants. She felt humiliated, but mostly she just felt anger. She couldn’t stand to have lost to Poison.

She especially disliked that Poison was the first person to crap their pants, and yet no had noticed. “Nighty night, Yellow Mika,” Poison purred.

Mika fell forward, the pain and exhaustion only seconds from overwhelming her. In that moment, she swore to herself that she would not rest until she’d redeemed herself for this shameful match, and until she made Poison pay.

*004*2019-12-27 20:53

{{13 hours ago, Thispieguy1 said:

I loved LeakyPanties art too bad they haven't been on since August 16th.

}}

Actually, my friend Linkx just had a bunch of artwork by Leaky done for his story, Sanam City. Here's the link to art.

{{2 hours ago, R.M.T.B. said:

Ya legend, hoping for more.

But also thinking of either perhaps a story in the world of Azur Lane, Kantai Collection, or Girls Frontline.

}}

Thanks! Maybe someday I'll make some omo of one of those, but for the moment I don't really know anything about any of them. I've seen a bit of Kantai Collection but that's about it. I do love some of the designs in Girls Frontline, though.

