HoloMess ~A Numbing Addiction~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-05-10 05:10

New story! I initially had a different scenario for Nene, but a joke that was made in a discord server made me change my mind. Enjoy

“Mmmm,” Momosuzu Nene moaned into her pillow as she coerced another orgasm out of her. She gotten into the habit of satisfying her sexual frustrations before her streams, and in no time at all, a pre-stream stress relief exercise became an addiction. She couldn’t go a single day without rubbing one out at least three separate times, and that number was only increasing. She played around during her streams, in front of thousands of her “husbands”, often seating herself on a dildo she bought, or masturbating in a voice call with other Hololive girls. “Hmmm, that was good,” Nene purred to herself, riding out the afterglow of her climax. After she caught her breath, the bubbly blonde got out of her bed, only to lightly tap her foot against a box on the floor. She stared at it for a moment before connecting the dots and picking it up with glee.

“That’s right! I totally forgot about this!” Tearing open the package, Nene grabbed the contents and immediately laid back down on her back, reading the label: “Numb Dumb Aphrodisiac”. Nene was quick to uncap the bottle and start pouring some of the substance on her hand. She wanted to use the love potion to arouse herself during the upcoming stream, almost as if she were doing something naughty like orgasm denial play in front of a live audience. Looking at the translucent fluid in her palm, the playful girl felt an urge build up in her. She turned her head to see the time display on her PC. “Fifteen minutes, huh? More than enough time.”

“Ahhhhhh fuck!” Ten minutes passed, and at this point Nene had worked her lotion covered hands into every nook and cranny of her womanhood. She rubbed herself as she gave more attention to her anus, thrusting her aphrodisiac-coated appendages as much in and out of her ass as possible. With an ear-shattering scream, Nene reached her second intense orgasm in only half an hour. “I’m such a dirty girl. How am I gonna make it til the end of stream at this rate?” Nene teased herself. Her hands were now sticky, and not just from the lotion. She decided to wash her hands quickly and put on her normal outfit, complimenting it with the cutest pink underwear she had, a snowman design stamped in the middle of the buttocks area. Sitting down at her PC, she got her stream set up with the minutes she had left and greeted everyone. “Kon-Nene!”

About an hour had passed, and much to Nene’s disappointment, the aphrodisiac didn’t seem to be working. In fact, she didn’t feel anything at all. While reading a red superchat, she smiled to her viewers as she nonchalantly started to paw at her nether regions with her bear-gloved hand. Nothing. As in, literally nothing. “What the heck,” she thought to herself, realizing that it was possible that she just got scammed when she remembered the name on the bottle. “Oh, I get it! It must be like one of those Icey-Hot effects, where a numbing comes first and then the pleasure comes later.” Nene mused, hoping her patience would be rewarded soon.

Another thirty minutes passed, and Nene was still engrossed in her superchat reading, giggling a storm, when suddenly she smelled something rancid. She gave her room a quick look around, but couldn’t identify the smell, despite it getting stronger by the second. “Oh well, I guess I’ll have to figure it out later,” the blonde girl sighed. She only had about ten superchats left, so she didn’t feel too bad about ending the stream early. At least on the bright side, Nene could feel her breathing getting heavier and lust filling her brain. “Finally it’s working,” she hummed to herself. She adjusted her butt in her seat before giving her crotch another experimental rub. Still nothing. “Shit. Oh well. At least it’s starting to do something.” As she looked at chat, she realized she’d been spacing out for a couple of minutes, leaving everyone in total silence.

“Oops!” Nene exclaimed. “Sorry, I got caught up in my dumb brain for a sec! Anyways, I gotta go. Take care my husbands, and don’t cheat on me! Otsunene bye bye!” Nene wasted no time stopping the broadcast. After taking her gloves off, she gave her vagina some more direct attention. She didn’t get very far before something made her hand warm and wet. The scantily dressed girl yanked her hand backwards and tilted her hand down to confront the perpetrator. Her eyes were met by something horrifying. Against all odds, she was peeing herself.

“What?! No way,” she started to say, stuttering over her words before resuming, “I-I-I d-don’t even feel it coming out!” A disturbing epiphany hit Nene like a truck. The aphrodisiac made her entire crotch feel numb, and that included the muscles that governed her potty training. That train of logic led to realization number two. With terror in her eyes, Nene stood up and felt the back of her underwear with her hand. Her fears were validated as she felt a hot, orange-sized mass perfectly conform to her palm through her now destroyed panties. “What if this is permanent?” A voice rang through her head, causing her to begin to have a breakdown. “No! No, no, no, no, no, nononononono!” She dashed to the toilet, lifted the lid, sat down, and proceeded to bawl her eyes out, praying that her thoughts were only just that.

“A month?!”

“Yes Ma’am. I’m very sorry to hear about what happened, but typically users reported not recovering from the numbing agent until at least one month’s time.” The HR representative for the manufacturer couldn’t sound more disinterested in Nene’s pleas, but that didn’t make her any more furious.

“Can’t you do ANYTHING?!” Nene gave the underpaid worker an earful. She was pissed. “You can’t honestly expect me to piss and shit my pants for a whole month?!”

“Again, I’m sorry Ma’am, but the recall for that product was over a year ago. We can’t take liability for something you bought from a third-party site. Nor are we obligated to.”

“FUCK YOU!” Nene hung up the phone and looked at her bottom in the mirror and she could have sworn the bulge in her underwear got larger. She put her hand in her palms and sat back on the toilet, still wearing her shit-filled panties. To her, the worst part wasn’t even the fact that she was going to be fully incontinent for month. The worst part was above having to deal with that, her head was clouded with thoughts of lust, but her fully numbed pussy and ass made it impossible to act on those desires.

For the next month, she was functionally a child. A little girl that peed and pooped her pants and was stuck in a body that could not feel sexual pleasure. Thinking about her situation, she knew she couldn’t sit in her mess forever, and that if she wanted to spare her clothes in the future, she needed protection. “Diapers…” Nene blushed as she mumbled to herself. Pulling her phone back up to her face, she dialed up someone she thought she could trust to not only keep her secret but to save her from the public humiliation she would risk with another accident.

“Hey Polka? Yeah, it’s me. I need the favor of a lifetime. Promise not to tell anyone…”

