Only One Stall Left (A Request from Rick Dixon)

Author: Anubis

*000*2018-07-08 06:26

I must warn everyone, this story contains messing and this is my first time including it in a story, so I do hope I did a good job with it so far.

I received this interesting request for a short story from @Rick Dixon

And I had a lot of fun writing it. It wasn't meant to be as long as it turned out to be, but... I went wild with it and it sort of mutated lol. The finished story will end up being posted in 3 parts. I hope all of you like part 1.

###

Only One Stall Left

Part 1

Ariel headed down the hall to get to her creative writing class, which was her last one for the afternoon. With a quarter-full bottle of water in one hand and her purse in the other, this stunning college girl was ready to take this new semester by the horns. Her tight, purple sweater and black pants hugged her curves in all of the right places and a pair of black, leather boots added the final touch to her outfit. She passed a set of elevators, where she turned the heads of a few male students, just as they were waiting for the doors to slide open. She was thin, but not frail, and her gorgeous, brown hair hung halfway down her back, grabbing the attention of those college boys long enough, that they failed to notice when the elevator arrived.

She quickly checked the time on her phone, to make sure she was doing alright. It was normal for her to show up a couple of minutes early to each class, but she was surprised to discover that she had arrived seven whole minutes ahead of schedule.

Wow, I’m earlier than I thought, she said to herself as she put her phone back in her purse. Miss Watkins probably won’t get here for another five minutes, so I’ll probably just have to wait, I guess.

She turned the corner, clicking the heels of her boots on the tile floor along the way, turning the corridor into an echo chamber. Up ahead, she saw the signs for the restrooms, directly across the hall from the sign for the classroom. There was a bench next to the door, up against the brick wall, where she knew she would likely have to sit and wait.

She took a quick peek inside, through the narrow slit in the door that served as a window. Just as she had expected, only darkness greeted her from within.

She grabbed the handle of the door and gave it a tug. Sure enough, it was locked. “Well, I guess I really do have to wait out here.”

With an irritated sigh, she sat down on the bench and took out her phone again. She figured she would see what her friends were up to on Facebook, while she hung out in the hallway. After a few seconds, however, she noticed a mild urge to pee. She had been drinking water and coffee throughout the afternoon, so she knew it wouldn’t be too much longer, before she would have to visit a toilet.

She glanced up at the bathroom straight ahead of her and took a moment to consider whether or not she should go inside. Hmm, maybe I should. The class is an hour long, so it would probably be a good idea.

She put her phone away again and started to get up, but suddenly, two other college girls came out, looking quite irritated. One was a blonde girl wearing a light blue, low-cut blouse that showed off some cleavage, tight yoga pants, and some slip-on sneakers. The other was a redhead, who wore a green sweater, tight jeans that showed off her shapely rump, walking shoes, and a backpack.

Once in the hallway, the redhead started ranting and raving, with her hands waving in the air, and her backpack jiggling. “I can’t believe that all three of those stalls are full! This is ridiculous! I don’t want to walk all the way back just to find another bathroom!”

The blonde girl folded her arms and started to tap her foot. “Yeah! And whoever those people are, they need to hurry up!”

Ariel sat back down. Well, so much for that. I guess I can hold it until those stalls are free. Hopefully it doesn’t take too long.

As soon as she had that thought, however, she felt a little bit of pain in her gut, just before a little fart escaped. She suddenly blushed, fearing that the other girls heard it, while trying to remember what she might have eaten that could be causing the trouble.

The redhead noticed Ariel and a faint smile lightened up her face a little. “Hey, are you in Watkins’ class too?”

Ariel smiled back, still blushing. “Yeah. You said the stalls are all full?”

The blonde girl nodded, with a look of disgust on her face. “That’s right! I hope they don’t plug those toilets up, or else we’ll have to go all the way back to the lobby, to find another one!”

Ariel remembered seeing the other set of restrooms on her way in, but had chosen not to stop there at the time. She had purchased the bottle of water that was in her hand from the café next to the bookstore, near the lounging area. She figured that she would be okay for a while, even though she had pretty much chugged that water along the way.

For the next couple of minutes, the three of them waited, and another burst of gas escaped past her defenses. She tried to remember what the problem was, when at last it dawned on her, what it could have been.

Her friend Lola had purchased her two cups of coffee earlier, with some delicious, vanilla creamer in it, and she had finished drinking it, just before she bought the water. I hope she didn’t forget to put non-dairy creamer in that coffee… She knows I can’t have lactose!

A few more of their classmates arrived, one by one, until a small crowd formed in the hallway. A few more college girls went into the bathroom as well, but then came right back out. One of them held a hand over her nose and mouth, letting out a loud groan as she returned to the corridor.

Ariel winced, as she thought about the horrors that must have been taking place in there. It sounds nasty, so I’ll probably have to wait for a while… I just hope I don’t end up in that same kind of trouble!

By the time five more minutes had passed, their teacher arrived, with just two minutes left to spare. She was a middle-aged woman, with light brown hair that had a touch of gray in it, and she wore a business casual outfit, with a skirt, blouse, and high heels.

Ms. Watkins gave them all a friendly greeting as she stepped up to the door and unlocked it. “Good evening! How are all of you doing?”

Aside from Ariel and the irritated girls that had come out of the bathroom, most of the students responded in kind. She pushed the door open and flipped on the light, revealing a small room with a soft, blue carpet, and a pair of semi-circular tables touching end to end, forming a small circle in the middle, between them. A projector up on the ceiling pointed toward a white projector screen on the far wall and there was also a small desk off to one side, with a computer for the teacher to use, sitting on top of it, next to a few stacks of paper.

The students all pulled out a chair and took a seat wherever they felt like it. The girls that had gone in the bathroom earlier all grabbed seats near the door, so Ariel had to look for a seat further up.

Thanks a lot, she wanted to say to them, in the most sarcastic tone possible. You guys just go ahead and go before me… I’ll wait for you…

She took a seat all the way towards the front of the room and Ms. Watkins grabbed one of the stacks of paper next to the computer. “Alright, here is the syllabus. This will give you an outline of all of the writing techniques I intend to teach you, throughout the semester.”

She handed the papers to Ariel, who grabbed a set of pages that were stapled together off of the top, and passed the rest of them down. Now that she was stuck inside of the classroom, she felt her urge to pee grow even stronger.

Damn it, I hope this doesn’t get too bad! She thought. My bladder is filling up so quickly right now!

Deep in her gut, she heard her stomach start making rumbling noises. On top of her growing need to pee, she had a bad feeling that another type of mess was on its way. Oh shit, this can’t be happening!

Ms. Watkins took a moment to explain the syllabus a little before getting started. She explained the grading scale and a few other things, but then, it was time to get the show on the road. To start off with, she picked up another stack from the desk, which was quite a bit thicker than the first, and handed them out, starting with Ariel, just like before.

Ariel took what she needed and passed the rest down. Right off the bat, she realized that this was a sample story that had been scanned out of a book. She squeezed her legs together when she spotted the title, Riding out the Flood. Under normal circumstances, she would have found it interesting, but with the pressure in her bladder increasing, it was torture.

Why? She wanted to ask. Why did we have to read this story today, of all days?

Grabbing a seat next to Ariel, Ms. Watkins left the reading of this sample story to the students, starting off with those willing enough to volunteer. Some took their sweet time and others read their pieces quickly. Eventually, Ariel and the two girls she had met out in the hall, were the only ones left, who had not participated.

Ms. Watkins gave Ariel a friendly smile. “Alright, just to make sure I have your name right, its Ariel… isn’t it?”

The girl nodded. “Yeah… that’s right.”

“Why don’t you go next?”

For a moment, Ariel just stared down at the page, suddenly feeling everyone’s eyes on her. At the point in the story where the other people had left off, the main character was alone in a canoe, after having just survived the flood of the century. The rushing river raged all around him, with the waves crashing, and the rain falling, completely soaking him from head to toe.

Oh god, how am I supposed to read this? Ariel wondered, suddenly crossing her legs as she imagined the scene that was taking place.

She took a deep breath and prepared to get started on the next paragraph, but suddenly felt a need to pass more gas. She tried to hold it in, because she feared the embarrassment that would come, if it escaped. She attempted to hide her desperation beneath the table, but her bladder was filling just as quickly as the river in the story had done, before flooding its banks and washing away the protagonist’s entire neighborhood. As the poor man fought to stay afloat and remain optimistic, Ariel tried to do the same. She bounced her legs up and down, squeezed her ass tight, and struggled against the deluge taking place deep in her belly. Her bladder felt like a balloon swelling inside of her, causing her to experience intense feelings of urgency, while her colon filled up with gas, creating extreme discomfort, which only exacerbated the situation.

Ariel noticed out of the corner of her eye, the blonde girl was squirming and blushing a little. Her redheaded friend seemed uncomfortable as well, but appeared to be in a better state.

Eventually, the blonde girl suddenly interrupted Ariel, mid-sentence. “Miss Watkins… I’m sorry to interrupt, but, may I go use the restroom?”

The teacher raised an eyebrow at her. “Of course, Kylie, go ahead.”

Kylie smiled. “Thank you!”

Ariel put one hand against her crotch as she watched her flee back out into the hall.

Maybe I should ask too, Ariel thought. Since she was able to go, then it should be okay if I go, right?

Ms. Watkins looked back at her, but instead of continuing the story, she went ahead and asked, “May I go also?”

The teacher gave her an amused smirk. “Sure, why not? You might as well take the whole class with you, at this point.”

A few of the other students laughed and Ariel blushed a little, before getting up and heading out into the hall. Once outside of the classroom, she felt a strong urge to pee and crossed her legs.

“Come on, what the hell!” she cried. “You can hold it, Ariel… Come on…”

Another fart escaped and she felt her guts continue to rumble. A burning sensation soon filled her anus and she put one hand on her backside. “Come on… You can make it… Come on!”

She pushed the door open with her shoulder and went inside, but stopped in her tracks when she saw that Kylie was at the end of a long line, leading up to only one accessible stall, in the middle of the three that were there. The other two on either side had puddles of water on the floor inside of them and large, “Out of Order” signs, taped to the doors.

“You’ve got to be kidding!” Ariel cried, wondering where all of these people came from and why they had to be there, right at that moment.

Kylie turned back towards the bathroom door and she scowled at it. “Screw this! I’m going to find a different bathroom! Are you coming, Ariel?”

Ariel said nothing, so the other girl just left without her. She hoped that she would make it, but she wasn’t going to try looking for another bathroom. Her rapidly filling bladder and anus were not likely to make it all the way back to the lobby, but then again, she wasn’t so sure she could make it through the line, either.

At last, the only working toilet flushed and the person occupying the stall stepped out. The sound sent her poor bladder into a spasm. No, no… no!

She doubled over and pressed hard against her crotch with one hand, while keeping the other on her backside, determined not to lose it all on the spot. A small spurt of pee escaped into her panties and she clenched all of her muscles, to avoid creating a flood on the floor. The other girls in the line glanced back at her, with some giving her empathetic looks and the others giggling at her predicament.

Ariel’s face blushed bright red. She had not expected to be laughed at in such a manner. Her optimism was slipping, just like her control over her bodily functions.

I know how that guy in the boat felt, right now, she thought. This is going to be a… disaster!

One by one, each of the girls in the line finally got their turn. Ariel’s body was trembling and she had to wipe the sweat off of her forehead with her sleeve, on multiple occasions. When the last person in front of her went in and she was at the door, she was nearly at the end of her rope. With her bladder throbbing and her ass burning, she thought that at any second, the battle would be over.

She put both hands in between her legs when she heard the last girl sigh with relief, but then she briefly lost control on the other end. She felt a little spurt escape out the back, making a mess in her panties. Soon, she heard the sound of the other woman’s pee gushing into the toilet and she lost another spurt of pee, while grabbing at her backside again. She tensed up all of the muscles in her body, closed her eyes, and pressed against herself for dear life. Listening to the powerful stream flowing into the water in the toilet bowl was pure torture.

Come on, it’s almost… my… turn!

Behind her, the bathroom door burst open and she glanced back, to see who it was. She spotted her friend Lola coming in. She was a particularly odd, young woman, who always had her black hair tied into a pony tail, often wore bright shirts with splashes of color and fancy designs all over them, and very tight jeans or skirts. This particular day was no different.

“Ariel!” Lola cried, sounding overly excited, which seemed to be the normal way that she greeted people. “I have to show you something!”

“C-can’t it w-wait?!” Ariel cried.

Her unusual friend ran up to her and wrapped both hands around her arm, just as the toilet flushed. Come on Lola, it’s finally my turn! Let go of me!

“B-but, I r-really have to go!” Ariel protested.

Lola tugged on her arm, trying to pull her along. “You can wait. This will only take a second!”

Ariel glanced longingly at the door of the stall for a moment, before allowing herself to be pulled along. She was just seconds away from completely soiling herself, but was far too embarrassed to admit to Lola how truly desperate she was. The last person that had been in the line before her, stepped out and gave her an amused look, as she was yanked out of the bathroom.

*002*2018-07-11 22:07

Part 2

The door slammed shut, as Lola pulled Ariel away from the only place she could get the relief she needed, without all of it ending up in her pants. She continued to press against her crotch and backside, as she left her class and the bathroom behind her.

“W-what’s s-so important, Lola?!” she cried, as she was taken to the opposite end of the hall from the elevators, and pushed down onto a chair that just happened to be next to a drinking fountain.

Her landing was so jarring, that the desperate girl nearly lost everything when she took a seat. Not wanting to completely mess herself, she grabbed her ass with both hands and clenched on the way down. A spurt of pee shot into her panties, wetting them further. She glanced back in the direction of the bathroom, suddenly noticing that the drinking fountain that was right next to them, blocked her view. Behind Lola, she saw a bulletin board with various events at the college being advertised upon it.

“I want to show you this new foot cream that I bought earlier!” Lola exclaimed, suddenly pulling a round, plastic container out of the pocket of her jeans, with a wide grin. “It’s amazing stuff! I meant to tell you when I got the coffee for you, but… you know me! I sort of forgot…”

Ariel double crossed her legs and bit down on her lip. “You… pulled me out here… f-for this?”

Her friend raised an eyebrow at her, while she watched her squirm and bounce around, with one hand under her rump and the other against her crotch. “Yes… I didn’t know you had to go this badly, but it won’t take very long to put some of this on you. You’re always complaining about dry feet, so this should take care of it!”

“Lola, let me get up!” Ariel begged. “I-I’m about to p-piss myself… And I’m going to-”

Her words were interrupted when a male student came around the corner next to them, heading in the direction of the bathrooms and the elevators, just as Lola knelt down and yanked off one of Ariel’s boots and socks. He gave them a weird look and stopped for a drink. At the other end of the hall, the poor, desperate college girl heard some commotion. A couple of other girls were groaning and squealing, but they went silent, after she heard the bathroom door slam shut again. The guy at the drinking fountain leaned down over it and pressed the button on the front, to get the stream going. Ariel bit down on her lip and blushed, while he slurped it down noisily, nearly causing a moan to escape past her lips.

“Lola,” she begged, with her voice just a whisper. “Please…”

Her strange friend started to lather up her foot, without paying much attention to what was happening around her. “It won’t take long, I swear.”

When the guy finished up at the drinking fountain, he gave the pair another odd look. He allowed his eyes to linger on Ariel for a bit, before a perverted smile appeared on his face. He shifted his backpack around a little and turned away, so he could continue walking toward his destination.

“Lola!” Ariel cried. “I’m about to lose it!”

The other girl looked up at her with a pout and puppy dog eyes, but Ariel decided that she’d had enough of this.

“L-Lola, I love you like a sister, b-but, you need to get… the fuck… out of my way!”

Suddenly looking a little scared, the other girl pulled her hands away and backed off, accidentally kicking the empty boot away as she did so. In a frantic hurry to get to the bathroom, Ariel got back up and made a run for it, without even giving a damn that she was running around with a bare foot. She needed to get to that stall, before another line formed in front of it again.

###

Back in Ms. Watkins’ class, just after Ariel left, the redheaded girl that she had met previously, whose name was Leah, ended up taking over after she and Kylie ditched the class, to take care of their own bodily needs. Unfortunately for her, she and another girl that was sitting next to her, were about to be in dire straits. The poor girl was stumbling over her words, hoping desperately that one of those stalls across the hallway would be open soon. She had been able to hide her desperate need for a while, but she was nearing the point when doing so would be impossible. Based on the soft toots that were escaping from the other girl’s backside, she was thankful that all she had to do was pee.

Leah put a hand against her crotch, in between her double crossed legs and pressed against herself. “H-he came across… across a h-house on a hill, th-that had not yet… been washed away. The lowest floor, however… had t-taken on… water…”

What the hell?! She wanted to ask. I feel bad for Ariel, but why did she have to stop here?!

Out in the hallway, everything seemed quiet, aside from the occasional instances of the bathroom door opening and slamming shut, as she continued to struggle through. In the story, the man in the canoe took his boat up to the front door of the house, and started calling out for someone to answer. The water in this area was a little more calm, thanks to a wall of stone that wrapped around the homeowner’s property, but it was only a matter of time, before it would give way to the floodwater.

Leah continued to read. “H-he, looked in and glanced this w-way and that… calling out t-to anyone that… that might… hear him. ‘Is any… anyone here?’”

She paused for a moment and let out a soft gasp, but she kept going and eventually made it to the end. When the man in the canoe finally received an answer, it was that of an elderly woman, trapped up on the second floor with her grandson, calling out to him from a window up above. After a bit of a struggle, he was able to help them both down into his canoe, via a rope and a hook that he happened to have with him, and the presence of a very sturdy wardrobe in the upstairs bedroom. He managed to take them further downstream, until a helicopter pilot flying overhead spotted them, allowing the rescue crew onboard to take the three of them to safety.

When all was said and done, Ms. Watkins’ began a discussion on that particular story and all of the important details she intended for the students to notice. Except for Leah and the girl next to her, everyone had their pens and highlighters out.

Come on Kylie, hurry up and get back here! Leah thought. I need to know if it’s safe to go in there yet!

As the discussion continued to drag on, she became more and more desperate. Eventually, she reached the point when she decided that she just couldn’t take it anymore.

“M-miss Watkins?” Leah asked.

Almost as if she knew what was coming next, the teacher sighed, but then gave her a friendly smile. “Yes?”

Just as Leah was about to ask her question, she heard the bathroom door open and slam shut, yet again. “May I use the restroom?”

The brunette next to her pounded a fist on the table. “What about me? May I go as well?”

Ms. Watkins rolled her eyes. “You’re both adults, aren’t you? You don’t need my permission.”

The two girls looked at each other and blushed, just as the bathroom door outside opened and slammed one final time. Leah thought she heard Ariel’s voice coming in from the hallway, saying, “W-what’s s-so important, Lola?!”

After everything went silent again, the two jumped up and hurried out of the room. Leah glanced down towards the drinking fountain, on her way to the bathroom. She saw a guy taking a drink and a girl kneeling down in front of something. She wasn’t sure, but she thought she caught a glimpse of someone sitting down, with their bare foot sticking out at her. The redhead groaned and the brunette squealed as the two of them burst into the bathroom. They were surprised when they caught sight of the stalls that were out of order.

The brunette let out a gasp and suddenly pulled a key out of her pocket. She turned back and headed for the door, where she started to frantically fiddle with the lock.

Leah stopped in her tracks, on her way to the only available stall, suddenly fearing that she was up to something shady. “What in the hell are you doing?!”

The brunette looked back at her. “I am going to need more privacy! Since I work here as a custodian part-time, for work-study, I have a key!”

Leah put both hands against her crotch and performed a pee dance. “Privacy for what?! Is-isn’t that against college p-policy?”

The brunette at last locked the door and turned around. “Well… I have a medical issue. If you think it smells bad now… It’s going to get ten times worse!”

When Leah realized what the other girl was saying, she put a hand over her mouth. “Oh god… C-can I at least g-go find another bathroom f-first?”

The brunette put a hand against her ass and scowled. “No! Just get in there and pee already, so I can do what I have to do! If you don’t, I’m going in and you’ll just have to go in the sink!”

Leah glanced over at the row of sinks beneath the wide mirror on the wall, but before she could do anything else, someone out in the hallway grabbed the handle of the door. They tugged on it repeatedly, causing the entire door to shake, but it would not open.

Soon, the girl on the other side started screaming, “Oh my god! Oh my… god! Please open!”

It’s Ariel, Leah thought suddenly.

“Hey, just give us a few minutes!” the brunette cried.

Leah continued to pee dance, while pointing back at the door. “Hey, we have to let her in!”

Ariel continue to tug on the door and started pounding on it. “I can’t wait a few minutes! Please!”

Suddenly getting annoyed, the brunette just ran into the stall, cutting Leah off, and slammed the door shut behind her, before she latched it. Ariel continued to beat on the door while the redhead looked back at the sinks, realizing she had to do something to help herself, before doing anything else. There was nothing she could do to help the poor girl in the hall, with such a painfully full bladder, so she had to act fast.

“Come on!” Ariel cried, while Leah frantically fought with her zipper and button.

I know just how you feel, Ariel, but, Leah wanted to say. I’m not the one with the key…

The door began to jiggle with such ferocity, that Leah almost thought the lock was going to break, but it held its ground, as she yanked her pants down. She started to lose control, as she hopped up onto the sink, and peed into it through her panties.

“Please let me in there, now!” Ariel begged, while Leah sighed with relief. Her eyes rolled back in her head and the other girl began to take her shit inside the stall.

When the redhead finished up, she got back down and yanked up her pants quickly. She heard the door stop jiggling for a moment, but Ariel’s desperate screams continued on. “I don’t want to have an accident in public, like this! Please let me in!”

Leah glanced over at the stall with the other girl in it, suddenly thinking about asking for that key, just as the smell from within met her nostrils. She was forced to cover her nose, but that is when she heard Ariel’s final words, from outside the room.

The poor thing out there sounded like she was muttering to herself, but yet, her words were still audible. “What…? Oh god, why is this happening? What is wrong with these people? Why would they lock the door? Oh no…”

Leah hurried over, just as the girl outside went quiet again, and she tried looking at the lock, to see if she could pick at it. The damn thing had a keyhole on both sides and there was nothing she could do.

“Oh no!” Ariel cried, just before the onslaught. First, came the hiss, before the true horror show began. “Why in the fuck is this happening?! I can’t hold it anymore!”

A yellow puddle began to invade the bathroom beneath the door, forcing Leah to back away from it. She had a bad feeling that she didn’t want to be around for this, when she heard Ariel’s mess fill her pants, so she just turned away and headed back towards the sinks. She heard a few quiet sobs as she leaned against one of them and looked at herself in the mirror. There was nothing she could do to help. The damage had already been done.

*005*2018-07-17 23:51

I really do appreciate the comments from all of you guys, but Rick Dixon has requested not to have part 3 posted, but would like for me to write something else for him instead. I do apologize for disappointing anyone, if that has happened.

I will say, however, that I like Ariel as a character, so I may have some uses for her in the future, possibly for original content. I just have to finish a couple of my own stories in the meantime, before doing anything like that.

