A Sorority Story by Grunty Bogwell

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2018-10-13 21:51

The sorority story @LucyDL posted reminded me of this story (source). I first read it in my late teens, and it made quite an impression on me.

I was out for a walk in this wooded park nearby with lots of trails criss-crossing, some more remote than others. I was walking along this ravine about fifteen feet deep, which was overgrown with heavy brush in the middle. I got the old outdoor urge to bog, so I clambered down the steep sides and secreted myself in the bushes below this large log, which had fallen across the top of the ravine.

I lowered my black shorts and white briefs in the dense thicket, squatting to avoid a poo fall on my jogging shoes. My bowels soon opened and a twelve-incher split my cheeks falling with a FLUMP into the dirt at the bottom of the ravine. I rose up to peek at my anal offering, brown and knobby at the start, tapering to soft and lighter colored at the end. Hunching back down I served up two more soft mush pieces and a little sphincter spit at the end.

Using leaves, I was wiping my bum...when I heard female voices in the forest, giggling, laughing and talking as they made their way along the top of the ravine. They halted above me and I crouched down further in the thicket to avoid detection, while trying to keep my naked booty out of my poo pile.

A female voice announced, "OK pledges, this is your final test to see if you qualify to join our sorority." This was followed by both nervous and wicked laughter from what I gathered was a sizeable group of college age women. The voice went on, "As you know we have to share many things in the sorority house, including bathrooms, of which there are too few to go around during the morning rush to get to classes. You will definitely have to overcome your need for bathroom privacy, if we are all going to make it each morning. Therefore, we have designed this last little test of your desire to join our ranks. Each of you five remaining pledges will go out on this log to the dead branch sticking up in the middle and take a poop into the ravine, wiping yourself with the maple leaves we will provide you."

Loud laughter coupled with muffled groans...a small nervous poo came out of me as it dawned on me what I was about to see, my heart rate went up, my breathing shortened, I became tumescent and some flies around my poo pile bumped into my ass.

Cries of "Do we have to?" were followed by "If you want to join the most prestigious sorority on campus!"

"Pledges, why do you think we told you to hold it for two days, it wasn't hazing, that's illegal here, its so you wouldn't have too much trouble with this final test."

Tentatively a blonde with a great tan, matching pink shorts and top, her hair in a ponytail, made her way out on the log, grasped the middle branch, lowered her shorts, revealing a white thong, creasing her butt cheeks, which had a bikini tan across them. She wiggled around and plopped her butt on the log with her feet dangling into the air on the far side. Her ass spread out along the log and a long stream of pee flowed from her underside. I couldn't believe what was happening...a fart split the air and she began to dome...her brown eye, released its load slowly, cheered on by the rest of the sorority, out of sight in the bushes at the top of the ravine. Her reddish-brown log grew to eight inches, she strained as it broke off and fell into the bushes three feet from, hanging in the branches before twisting to earth. She sighed and bore down again...another doming released a four-incher, bucked a few times and got a softer piece to come out.

"You go girl," came a cry from the top of the ravine.

The red-faced blonde began to wipe with the leaf, folding it over and over and moving it up and down her crack before letting it float into the ravine. She got herself together and tiptoed off the log to the cheers of her new sorority sisters.

Next came a buxom Asian American, with shoulder-length black hair held in a sweat band, a college tee-shirt and black shorts and a fabulous ass. Her panties were pink, and she squatted on the log beside the branch without sitting down. She was all business, grunting loudly to get her hole to open up under these trying circumstances. Her sphincter tension broke with a rush of yellowish-brown poop...UUMMMMMM...she went as the poo chain lengthened and fell off and three more chunks came out in rapid succession. With the OOH's and AHH's coming from the unseen gallery in the woods, you would have thought it was a fireworks show.

She PTTTUUPPPPPppppped a fart and began wiping with her leaf pausing to piss for good measure...her stream striking low on the log and splattering over the bushes below...more flies from my pile bumped my ass and began to be attracted to the growing pile in the bushes in front of me. She made her way off the log to applause.

The next girl was a redhead with naturally curly hair that hung in ringlets to her shoulders and very white skin. She had blue eyes and a cute little upturned nose. She teetered out on the log, pulled down her tan shorts, from below her white blouse, with puffy sleeves at the shoulders, then her white bikini pants, revealing her porcelain white ass. Her hole was, of course brown, and she strained to unburden her bowels, with little EH...EH...UMMM...EH...Eehhhh sounds. She was having a hard time overcoming her embarrassment, but the other sisters in the woods shouted encouraging words.

She bore down with renewed vigor and out popped a brown ball turd that dropped with a small crash into the bushes. More pushing produced another two brown rounders and she stopped her straining to pee vociferously into the ravine in front of me. She leaned forward to strain and almost fell of the log, barely catching herself on the branch in the middle. She caught her breath and strained out a long brown knobby-ended turd to the cheers of the other coeds, panting heavily, her hole finally relaxed and let fall two days of pent-up poop.

I have to admit it was getting pretty funky in my hiding place, but I was trapped...I'm sure discovery of me in the bushes would not have been pleasant, my knees began to throb from squatting there watching the scene unfolding above me. The redhead finished with her leaf and crept exhausted back along the log to a hearty reception.

Next came one of the most beautiful Latino women I have seen in a long time, tall with shapely tan legs, blue jean short cutoffs, a yellow blouse, black hair down to her shoulders. Her ass was unbelievable and it was pointed down toward my hiding place, as she struggled with her yellow thong panties, pulling them clear of her dark pubic hair, draping her muscular ass along he log and expelling a dark yellow stream of pee.

A loud long spluttering fart rent the air. Her hole opened to emit the fart and I could see into the dark recesses of her bowels, while the coeds in the woods laughed and hooted. Her next fart was stopped short by a turd, which filled her open hole and began to emerge, it was shapely and dark brown, with smooth crinkles and eased out with the coeds commenting on it, then it fell heavily into the bushes below. Her anus, pooched in and out four times, before another shapely cigar formed between her cheeks and found its way out with a minimum of straining.

Her hole bucked once more and I was transfixed by it winking at me from between her lovely tan butt cheeks. Once more we were treated to a brown cheroot, before she began cleaning her hole with deft strokes of the leaf, complaining that she didn't have enough leaf for so much poop. She slowly stood up and raised and adjusted her yellow thong into place...I marveled at the way it disappeared between her rounded cheeks. She hoisted her cutoffs and made her way off the log to the delight of her sorority sisters.

Finally, an African American coed with curly short hair, forming to her head. Her large breasts pushed out of a Mets tee-shirt and she had a healthy butt filling out her tan shorts. She tugged her shorts and pink bikini panties down over her very rounded bottom with a struggle and plopped down on the log, shaking a bit. She tried grunting hard to quickly get through the ordeal UHHHN...UHHHNNN...NNNHHGGHHHG, but nothing happened. The other girls tried to cheer her on, but it was becoming painfully obvious that she was not going to have any luck after several tries and me watching her dark brown anus pooch pink in and out to produce a poo and be accepted to the sorority.

A voice from the woods said, "Janie what's wrong with you, didn't you hold it for two days?"

The girl on the log began to cry and blurted out... "NO, I got so nervous about coming out here in the woods that I pooped when I took a pee, before we left...I (sob, sob) couldn't hold it any longer!" She really broke down then.

The other coeds took pity on her, when one spoke up "That's right I was in another stall in the restroom back on campus and I heard Janie saying 'Oh no, Oh no'...as she pooped...I think she was trying to hold it back, but couldn't."

"OK, OK" said the authoritative voice from the woods above the ravine, "Janie, you just sit there a while and maybe something will happen...maybe you didn't poop out your entire two-day load."

Janie stopped crying and rested on the log above, while I ogled her brown butt cheeks, spread over the log. Five minutes went by...my legs really ached from crouching...the flies were getting worse and the smell from the leavings of four coed bottoms was almost overpowering, especially since some of the turds from the test had torn apart when they went into the bushes making the smell worse than a compacted turd.

At last Janie began to stir, she leaned way forward and started straining with all her might...her hole stretched taut from this maneuver and began to turn out showing the rectal pink...a little curl of soft yellowish brown poo slowly came out of her outturned anus...it wasn't much, but cheers rang through the forest. Panting heavily, Janie slid the leaf up and down her tortured nether hole, until it was sticky with the little bit of soft poo. She struggled shakily off the log to the arms of her celebrating sorority sisters.

The happy throng departed and I was able to come out of hiding, but with an arousal that didn't go down until I got back to the parking lot. My legs hurt for three days from the cramped position, but my mind kept spinning back to the sights of those beautiful booties, the sounds and smells of that day in the woods.

*002*2018-10-13 22:57

{{47 minutes ago, Alex Oxford said:

Where did you originally read this story??

}}

%ToiletStool.com. It was posted there in June of 2001. There's a link to the page in my post.

