HoloMess ~FBK~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-03-05 09:54

Hello! Here's my next story. This time we are focusing on the last member of Hololive Gamers, Fubuki-chan. I hope you enjoy it. As always, let me know what you think what what Hololive girls you'd like to see in future stories. Thank you.

“Kon Kon Kitsune~!”

Fubuki changed the screen display on her stream to show her from head to toe in her typical outfit, from her mostly white top to her black shorts. There was, however, one discrepancy in her appearance. In her hands she seemed to hold two remotes and her eyes were obscured by a VR headset.

“Today we’re going to be playing some VR horror! Normally, these sorts of games aren’t really scary to me, but Sora-senpai herself said that VR scared the life out of her, so I’ve got a seal of approval!” Although her expression was partially blocked, everyone could she the excitement on her face. She spoke the truth. Not often did she ever get scared playing horror games; typically stunned to silence a few times, but never scared to the point of screaming. Instead of dread, she felt her heart beat excitedly with the prospect of being genuinely frightened by a game.

She pulled up the display of the game she was playing, making the title of the game in question very apparent: Emily Wants To Play. A common game among the Hololive members, and notorious for causing a certain princess and knight in the company to suffer from different types of accidents as a result. Nevertheless, the cat fox-girl steeled herself in preparation for the challenge as the started the game.

The first thirty minutes were fairly uneventful, with only a few minor jumpscares, which elicited the occasional “Ah” or “Oh” from the snow white-haired friendzoning girl. She continued moving about through the house in the game, slowly but surely making progress through it. She’d even managed to get some laughs from some of the cornier elements. That being said, her attitude made a reversal once she had made her way into what seemed to be a child’s bedroom. Upon entering, she heard what sounded like a music box playing a light tune, or at the very least trying. A couple of the notes were off key, as if the music box had been damaged. This in itself was a little unsettling and raised her awareness, but it wasn’t particularly unbearable to Fubuki.

The atmosphere started to normalize as she explored the room, but her caution did not wane. She looked all over the room, but somehow was unable to find the music box that was attempting to haunt her. Giving up, she turned towards to door to find a piece of paper attached to the back of it. She grabbed it, analyzing its contents. However, there wasn’t much to be examined with the exception of what appeared to be a drawing of a small girl standing with what looked like members of her family. Sighing at the cliché art, she made her way out of the room, before being stopped in her tracks by a whisper behind her.

“Play with me…”

Fubuki froze as her heart rate started to escalate at an unusual rate. In that moment, she turned her head behind her to identify the source of the voice. In her peripheral, she saw a young girl; eyes missing, pale skin, and a faint smile. She spared no hesitation in running aimlessly away from her pursuer. As she ran she pleaded, “No, no! Please don’t touch me! NO!” She couldn’t explain in her head what was wrong. No horror game she had played before was anything like this. Not like chat was helping either, spamming things like “Lol” or “scared cat friend” as the poor girl ran for her life. She started breathing heavier, losing her usual composure and entering a fight-or-flight mode. She made her way into the kitchen and stopped to quickly examine her surroundings. “I think I lost her,” Fubuki exhaled in relief. As if the universe was waiting for her to let her guard down, she heard a giggle from her left. She turned to confirm the worst.

“FOUND YOU”

The phantasmic girl lunged at Fubuki, causing the idol to stiffen and tense up in fear. She knew it was a game, but at the same time couldn’t shake the feeling that she was about to die. Her voice refused to come out with the exception of whimpers, and her body refused to obey her. She stood there, waiting for the fear and shock to escape her. Instead, she felt something else start to escape from her body. Something much more material.

Fubuki gasped, but ultimately was unable to do anything as she felt her anus open and her body consequently pushing soft yet firm poop into her panties. Her chat was unable to tell, but she could feel it for every single moment. “Ughh… so hot… so heavy,” she grunted as she thought to herself. After what felt like an hour to her, everything stopped. Her irrational fear, and the messing episode that occurred in turn. Terror washed away from her thoughts as an entirely new feeling took its place: shame.

“I’m eighteen years old, and I just pooped myself because of a video game,” the fox-girl berated herself internally while determining what she should do. She looked at the clock. It hadn’t even been forty minutes since she started streaming. “I can’t just end the stream. If I do, people will suspect something, especially after Mio’s recent accident.” Fubuki weighed her options. She could continue playing the game that made her shit herself while said shit squished and spread in her underwear, or she could leave early, gain suspicion, and likely end up in some sort of weird “VTuber accident” compilation. Taking a deep breath, she decided to go with the former. She’d rather not sit in her own feces longer than she had to, but she preferred doing that to potentially soiling some of Hololive’s reputation, literally.

Continuing exploring her way through the hell-house, she tried to make small talk with chat to calm her nerves, albeit awkwardly. However, she couldn’t keep herself from slowly growing afraid of the game again as she reentered the room she fled from last time. Grabbing the paper again, she wasted no time running when she heard the girls voice once more. Heart racing for a second time, she decided to hide in the master bedroom instead of her previous place of demise. While waiting for her supernatural assailant, she couldn’t help but notice the weight in her panties, and the smell that had made it’s way to her nose. “I smell like a baby,” she laughed at her internal monologue, finding at least a bit of irony in her situation. One of the most resilient girls in Hololive when it came to horror had pooped herself like a child the first time she got genuinely scared.

While her heart was still pounding, she felt as though she had made sufficient progress in the game and was comfortable in stopping the stream. She sighed in relief. It was finally over, and she could go clean herself off. She started to inform her chat, “Okay guys! I think I’m going to stop her for today. I hope you enjoyed-”

*CRASH*

With no warning, a loud crashing sound transpired from what sounded like it was almost right in from of her. However, she told tell instantly the sound didn’t come from the game, but instead her own residence.

“AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!” Fubuki screamed bloody murder as she reeled backwards from the sound, falling flat on her butt with an audible “splat” sound, smushing her feces up the front and back of her panties. In addition to this, the white-haired girl felt the front of her shorts quickly become wet and warm. She was peeing herself, and there was no hiding it.

Unconcerned with how filthy were privates and clothes were getting, she threw off her headset to confront the origin of the sound. What she saw left her dazed and confused: a shattered vase on the floor, and her cat Leo sitting smugly where the pottery used to be. Feeling stupefied, she looked down at her crotch to examine the damage she had just done. Fortunately, none of her feces seems to escape the confines of their cotton prison. On the other hand, the puddle of urine that pooled around Fubuki left no doubts as to what she just did.

Lastly, she looked up at her stream. Sure enough, the thousands of people who were watching her stream were intently focused on the situation around the fox-girl’s waist. Overwhelmed with shame and unsure of what to do, Fubuki did the only think she could think about doing. She held her head down and cried like a baby, weeping her heart out on her floor until her manager eventually shut off her stream on her behalf.

*002*2021-03-06 21:54

{{14 hours ago, Lucidblack878 said:

Would love to see an abdl one in the future

}}

Sure thing! Messing in panties is more my thing, but I definitely have plans for a few diaper scenarios down the line.

*004*2021-03-08 19:49

{{3 hours ago, deepAzure said:

You did the catfoxburger Fubuki. It was exciting seeing her slowly lose control of the situation.

}}

Glad you liked it! She's usually a very composed girl, so I wanted to gradually make her lose control of herself, in more ways than one

