A Rag-tag Party Oneshots

Author: Keita123

*000*2017-10-10 05:09

"Oooh, I did it again..."

Those were the first words that came out from Mithra's mouth when she woke up this morning.

Once again, she had wet the sheets she had been sleeping on.

She had started wetting her bed a couple months back. At first, she thought it was just a one time thing, but eventually it started happening more and more frequently, to the point that she now wet her bed more often than not. She didn't know exactly what might have caused this but she had a theory. A theory that she dreaded to think about but was quite reasonable in retrospect.

Her holding spell had weakened the strength of her bladder.

She had been using that spell continuously ever since she came up with it. Her bladder strength hadn't been that great to begin with after all. But now, without her spell, she would leak at the silliest thing. Examples that she could remember on the top of her head:

1. A girl suddenly leaped towards her and hugged her, hitting her body in the stomach area. She leaked a quick yet powerful spurt from that, accompanied by a fart. Thank the gods for her long robe. And since it happened when a village welcomed her back after she vanquished the beast that had been terrorizing them, no one noticed that she had farted, thanks to the loudness of the scene. The smell was there though, but nobody said anything.

2. A spider fell on top of her head as she was investigating a ruin. Usually, she would always use her holding spell in a dangerous place like that, but since there weren't any monsters around, she turned off her spell, thinking to conserve her mana. She wasn't even scared of spiders but the surprise made her release a five second jet of hot pee into her panties. She had to cross her thighs and jam her hands into her crotch to stop the flow. Of course, that made her leave a telltale wet patch on the front of her robe. Thankfully, her robe was of a darker color, and when she returned to civilization, the pee stain had mostly dried.

3. Once, when she was low on mana, she had to move a rubble from the path she traversed. Usually, she would use a spell for that. But since she needed to conserve her magic strength, she decided to do it manually. So she bent over and began lifting the rubble. The moment she started exerting her muscles, she let out a loud and rancid fart, followed by a handful of poop escaping her anus into her panties. She immediately turned beet red and released the rubble. She returned back with a soiled panties, though of course, no one else but her knew that.

She also couldn't cast the simplest spells without leaking at least a little. She knew that magicians often have accidents inside their robes when they cast their spells, but it only happened if the spell was taxing on the caster's body. For an archsage like her who had mastered her craft, it shouldn't make her dribble to cast a simple healing spell.

Well, she had no choice now. She just had to master her holding spell so she could cast it 24-hours without any exertion on her part.

There was no way she was going to go back wearing diapers beneath her robes. That's only for newbie adventurers. Not an archsage like her.

After she dressed herself, the first thing she did was to cast the holding spell on herself. It was necessary before she did her next spell, which was to make the wet stains on her bed and nightgown disappear. Without it, she would no doubt leak at the process, wetting her fresh new white panties right away.

After that was finished, she took off her holding spell however. It wouldn't do to spend up her mana in a peaceful place like this where she shouldn't have any accident.

Currently, she was in the kingdom of Okrania. She came here to fulfill the request of the king to help them deal with a crazed necromancer and his undead hordes who threatened the kingdom. As an archsage, she knew how to cast holy spells which no doubt would be effective against them. And she wanted to help the people of the kingdom as she knew well how terrifying an army of undead hordes could be. Once, when she was just starting up as a mage, she stumbled upon the undead in a graveyard her party crossed through. She made it out safe, but not before wetting and soiling her robes like a little girl. She couldn't help it. Some of the stronger undead had an aura of terror with them and combined with the lesser ones popping out of the ground and grabbing her leg, the shock got into her.

And now, she wanted revenge for that

