College tour gone wrong

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2018-10-11 06:24

Taylor was in her first semester of her junior year at her University. As is the case with a lot of college students Taylor did not have hardly any money and decided to take a job as a campus tour guide in order to make some extra money to live off of. Yeas it was a medium wage on-campus job but it was better than nothing and she actually did enjoy showing potential newcomers to the University around and informing them of the benefits associated with coming to her university. Taylor was also already regarded as one of the best tour guides and she was only about three months into the job.

On this particular day Taylor was especially busy. She had to get dressed quickly as she woke up late and simply through on the black thong that she was wearing the day before and covered her very plum butt up with a pair of dark red yoga pants that just hugged her fantastic figure perfectly. Showcasing every single curve in the 20 year old's body. She threw on a red t-shirt with her University's name on it that still somehow did a great job of showcasing her rather perky breasts even though it was a size too big. In her rush, Taylor didn't even put on a bra and left the house without attending to any of her bodily needs.

Taylor had three classes back to back and then had her tour for the day which usually lasted anywhere between an hour or two hours depending on how man questions were asked by the group she was showing around that particular day. It was soon into her first class of the day when Taylor, and most likely the girl she was sitting next too, heard Taylor's stomach gurgle. Lets just say that these were not hunger pains that Taylor was experiencing. Taylor had to take a dump and it was building quickly. Taylor started squirming in her seat and also felt her bladder express its now urgent need to be emptied. The only thing was that poor Taylor had classes back to back in different buildings so there was simply no time to take care of her needs. She had to hold it. After all, Taylor was a college junior she was a big girl.

About midway through her third class Taylor is frantic. Sweat is dripping off of her forehead and the squirming in her seat is just so obvious that about everyone has taken notice of the pretty girl in class squirming in her seat and whimpering every once in a while. Tylor didn't know anyone in this class but it didn't help when she accidentally could not hold a fart in anymore and it squeezed out from her tightly clenched butt cheeks. a few snickers could be heard and the professor even stopped and lost his train of thought for a minute he was so distracted. Taylor's face turned bright red as a leak of pee escaped her grabs on her crotch and Taylor felt the warmth spread even down to her butt cheeks. Taylor spent the rest of that class too scared to get up as she thought that her wet spot was noticeable.

Once class ended, Taylor waited for the majority of the class to clear out before she made her exit. Her tour started in five minutes. Poor Taylor could not catch a break today. Her tightly clenched butt cheeks could not contain more farts as she walked into the tour guide meting room. Taylor obviously did not look well as she had a pained look on her face and could not stand still. She was now very openly bouncing from foot to foot and swaying her hips back and forth. The short meeting ended and Taylor was assigned to her group but before that she made a last ditch effort. She approached the coordinator of the tours wit a red face and tightly crossed legs and one hand firmly placed on her butt.

"Umm Miss Jackson may I pease have a bathroom break before I start my tour. I haven't been able to go all day and its really urgent."

"Taylor come on you are one of the best here you should know better than that, now go start your tour. You can go when you get back." Miss jackson sternly said in response before turning her back and walking away. Poor Taylor's heart dropped as another loud and wet fart escaped her butt cheeks. She could not afford to lose this job so she had to do what she was told.

Taylor approached her group comprised of two high school seniors and their mothers. Both of the younger girls were blonds and seemed to be a bit stuck up and Taylor immediately felt judged. The mothers were not much better as they obviously could sense something was not right with there tour guide right from the start. A tour guide is supposed to be confident and not pouring sweat and quite obviously doing a potty dance. Both of the high school girls giggled.

"Umm im Taylor and I will be your guide today." Taylor then followed that statement up with the most embarrassing moment of her life to date. She let out a huge fart and had to firmly grasp her butt cheeks shut and then grab her crotch as there was now a very obvious wet spot forming down the legs of her red leggings that showed every little drop. The seal had broken. Taylor could not stop it. Her butt cheeks were now very wet and uncomfortable feeling and that was just going to get worse.

"Are you ok? Do you need a bathroom visit before we start?' one of the moms asked obviously a little annoyed that their guide was so unprepared.

"Umm i'm uhh fine." was all Taylor could muster up as now her bowels gave out and started unloading the days worth of poop that was inside of her. Taylor immediately knew she had lost control and just let it happen as she squatted down and started to cry full force into the palms of her hands as a puddle of pee started to form around her. Her red leggings were now a completely and much darker version of red and the back of her leggings showed a rather large bulge starting to form. The mothers and high school girls immediately backed away and looked on in disgust and disbelief as to what they were witnessing. The stench coming from Taylor was already filling the air and becoming unbearable. The sound of loud and wet sounding farts and Taylor's cries were all that could be heard at this point.

