Four Huntresses and One Loo

Author: Big Boss

*000*2017-03-17 20:22

(This here was a co-op fic, @ExplosiveTurtlez did the base writing while I did the editing. We are quite happy with the story and hope you all enjoy~!)

Once class was over, Pyrrha huddled her sweet booty over to the nearest toilet, but, as usual after class, it was already taken (by a certain Ice-Queen, no less~ and you know how she takes her sweet time to apply liberal amounts of makeup). The soon-to-be-but-not-really(rip) Fall Maiden gives the door a stern but not too harsh knock. "Excuse me... I really need to go..." she claims, but the girl remains silent, ignoring her to focus on applying just the right amount of powder. A good five minutes pass and Pyrrha knocks again, trying her best not to fart next to the students.

"PLEASE I'm dying to go!!" she calls out when the door suddenly opens. The Ice-Queen shoots the red-head a mean look before trotting off with dignity. She then rushes into the almost spotless toilet (save for one of Schnee's pubic hairs~ Teehee~) and hovers over the seat, dropping her panties as a torrent of golden piss rains down into the bowl with perfect accuracy. She also lets out a grunt as her soft loafs splash into the toilet, stinking up the place a bit. Looks like the girl actually made it~!

While Pyrrha did her business in the bathroom, all of Team RWBY was waiting outside, shuffling with absolute need. All of their tummy's were rumbling and their bladders were bulging out. Yang knocked on the door and called out "Yo! We gotta whizz and shizz. Could ya hurry up in there?" she asks, a loud groan from her tummy being heard. Pyrrha replies "Oh I'm so sorry... I-I'll try to be fast." She forced the rest of her body out into the toilet, flushed, then washed her hands and left the bathroom. Yang tried making a run for it, but Blake and Weiss tried squeezing through, their butts jamming into each other.

"H-Hey I've been holding it more than you!" said the Ice Queen. "I doubt you've been holding it for a whole day," Blake argued. They fight each other to squeeze into the doorway, their asses leaking with gas as they pushed more and more. Ruby and Yang watched as the monochrome opposites fought for potty dominance. However, Weiss got the upper hand by sweeping Blake's leg and pushing her out of the way, slamming the door shut.

"HEY! OPEN THE DOOR! I'M GONNA HAVE AN ACCIDENT!!" Blake roared, her tummy on the verge of bursting. Weiss just silently taunts her as she slides her frilly panties down and hovers above the toilet, the noise of water splashing and plopping was very audible. She snickered in her relieving victory~ Blake, however, fell to her knees, whimpering softly as her tummy reached it's limit. The brown soft loaf slid out of her booty and into her panties, making a noticeable bulge. A golden puddle also formed beneath her, reflecting Blake's saddened expression.

"What the hell, Weiss! That was beyond rude!" Ruby called out angrily, but Yang had something else in mind. After letting out an accidental fart, she busts the doorknob with her fist.

"WHAT was that?!" Weiss called out, trying to open the door, but it wouldn't budge.

"C'mon sis. Let's find another bathroom," Yang smiles, picking up Blake as she continued soiling herself. After Weiss was left to rot in her stink-chamber, and Blake finished up her accident, with no time for a change, the girls come up to the next bathroom. Yang's tummy lets out another gurgle of despair. "Man I have to go like mad!!" she states. Ruby just nods in agreement, clutching her stomach. Blake tries to cover her face as passerby hunters and huntresses chuckle and scowl at the stinky kitten...

Much to their dismay, however, the line for the girl's potty is jam-packed! Apparently rumor spread of a certain restroom being rendered useless, and so everyone's needs have been focused on a single potty. Yang blushes a little, as she was the cause of said effect...

Over time, the line gets a little shorter, but their times are running short. Yang has now resorted to grabbing her ass, trying her best to keep it in. Ruby does the same as well, unable to keep back a few toots...

It feels like it's been hours now as the line barely shrinks. Some girls have already resorted to peeing themselves, or in a nearby corner, or simply popping a squat right by the line. Blake didn't really know why she was still there... Perhaps she wanted to see the resulting accidents...?

"Ohhh I can't hold it, Yang..." Ruby whines, her legs crossed. A few trickles slowly leak down her leggings...

Finally, it's Yang's turn to go. Her stomach roars and gurgles as she reaches for the knob, but stops and turns to Ruby. "C'mon sis. You go first~" she winks. "B-But Yang! What about-"

"It's fiiine. Please, you go first."

Ruby is not in a position to disagree, so she rushes into the potty, throws her panties off, and gets her butt onto the seat as her brown and gold liquid fusion cascades into the water. The loud splorches of diarrhea leaks through the door, nauseating a few students. But Yang just smiled in relief and leans her back against the wall. Some other girl quickly takes her position. "Yang! A-Aren't you gonna go after Ruby?" Blake asks. Yang just smiles, however.

"Blake... I've run out of tine long ago~" she says quietly, and a deafening crackle of brown lightning fills the halls. Her panties bulge outward furiously, brown splotches leaking out the sides and falling onto the floor. Followed by that was a hot golden stream, which pooled at her feet. Yang smirks and leans up against Blake. "MAN I needed that~<3"

Ruby comes out of the toilet and looks to Yang with disbelief. She was about to start apologizing for making Yang have an accident, but her sis quickly hushes her. "Don't say it~ C'mon... Let's get back to our room and change." she says with a sway of her soiled booty, making Ruby and Blake gulp nervously. They go on their way to the dorms, and what they do afterwards... is up to you~

