A Senator’s Ordeal: A Star Wars Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-05-03 21:11

Author’s note: Hi guys happy International Star Wars Day. This year I wanted the try out something different and that being writing a story in honour of International Star Wars Day. Now please enjoy my story and I’ll be looking forward seeing everybody’s reaction to it.

Story takes place in Attack Of The Clones and is located in Naboo

Story:

On a quiet and cold night in Naboo, Jedi Anakin Skywalker was spending time with Senator Amidala. Padmè the once Queen of Naboo slept completely nude in the royal castle, now if she was still the Queen tonight would ruin her reputation. It was 3:00 in Naboo time when she woke up completely sweating and warm. She wanted to find out why she was very hot and by her amaze, she saw that she pissed the bed. She looked for her friend, Anakin but he was nowhere in sight, he wasn’t even sleeping next to her. He was gone!

Just the she heard a toilet flushing and it was Ani, he came back to sleep again and she told him want she did. “Ummmm.... Anakin I made a mess in the bed.. I pissed myself.” Anakin was astounded by this, he quickly had an erection and hid it form her. He took of his pants and went in naked so it doesn’t get wet and her comforted her in bed.

A few hours later, it was morning and Padmè woke with a aching bladder she tried getting out of bed, but it hurt her every time. She didn’t want to wet the bed again so she got up even know it was killing her and raced outside. She walked straight to the bathroom, she was so desperate to go, but she couldn’t help it, she really needed to clog it to give her extra holding time. She remembers one of her friends telling her to keep your hand wedged in between your legs and strongly press onto your private parts.

She really had to go, she was so bloated. Her bladder was stretched out and held more than her limit and she really really had to go. Now just barely near the bathroom door she started sweating, her bladder felt like a bomb just waiting to go off and cause a big explosion or a volcano eruption. Her volcano was about to erupt in any moment, so she better make a move on. She made it there’s the bathroom door, she’s gonna make it! Padmè reached for the door, but to her excitement it was locked. There were more bathrooms in here, but she’ll never make it there.

It started erupting small glistening drops of pee ran out of her tired pussy and onto the floor. It scared her so much, which leaved a terrified look on her face, she stared at the vista of outside and there the idea came to mind. She opened the backyard door and ran as far as she could to a big long tree and she did this with her hands holding herself. Just when she got to the tree a jet of hot piss shot out of her pussy and fell into her hands, she was crumbling apart, if she didn’t make it now then she would wet herself.

Senator Amidala let go and walked the final steps towards the tree and popped a squat and started peeing, the glistening hot warmth made her turned on. She did it with a smile on her face, you can tell she liked it, she opened her eyes and spotted Anakin just about a few meters away but could see the ordeal’s demise crystal clear, he got really turned on by it. He had to hide a big erection from her because he secretly has a wetting fetish.

Padmè terrified of her boyfriend caught her relieving herself, she walked to him and could easily spot his erection and they went back inside. The next minute the two of the were having sex, the Senator had a grin on her face every time, simply meaning she’s enjoying it. They eventually stopped and went back to sleep, but Padmè didn’t because she wanted to know if her boyfriend gets turned on by her wetting herself.

To Be Continued...

