Blair and Jo Visit Dartmouth (A Facts Of Life fanfic)

Author: Arnold

*000*2021-03-19 20:27

The two of them were both impressed. But then again it was Dartmouth College -- it would have been hard NOT to have been impressed. As Blair and Jo -- both seniors at the prestigious Eastland School For Girls -- drove back to school on that sunny early spring afternoon, they’d have to say that their weekend visit to Dartmouth had gone well. Both were definitely considering Dartmouth as their college choice. The two of them were like sisters -- that is, sisters who didn’t really like each other very much.

Blair was a blonde-haired princess. She was a glamour-girl in every sense of the word. She was from a wealthy family and was quite used to the finer things in life. And she was something of a legacy at Eastland. Jo -- you wouldn’t dare call her Josephine -- was a streetwise brunette who rode a motorcycle. She was a tough girl who wore a leather jacket and was used to getting into fights. But she was also very smart and quite pretty -- it was just that it took the refined atmosphere of the Eastland School For Girls to bring out those finer qualities in her. She was at the school on a scholarship.

Thrown together as roommates for their junior and senior years at Eastland, Blair and Jo were too different to get along most of the time. But the two had developed a profound respect for one another and they definitely had each other’s back. Knowing Jo, forced Blair to learn about new things and new people and to broaden her life beyond the sheltered, wealthy world that she had always known. And knowing Blair, had forced Jo to challenge herself academically and socially and to thrive in a brand new and quite different environment than she was used to.

Jo knew that she wouldn’t be considering a college like Dartmouth if Blair hadn’t help bring out those qualities in her. And Blair knew that she was better prepared for the next phase of her life because Jo helped Blair to understand that there was a bigger world than the sheltered one she was accustomed to. Still, driving home Dartmouth in Blair’s car that on that sunny spring Sunday afternoon, neither would probably have admitted what the other meant to her.

“Do you need a pit stop?” Blair asks Jo as they pass a “Rest Area -- 2 miles” sign on the highway. Thinking a moment, Jo answers “Yeah -- I guess I could use one.” Blair had, of course, hoped to make the four and a half hour trip without needing a bathroom stop, but sometimes necessity forces us to make other plans. As Blair -- forever, the prissy sort -- exits into the rest area and pulls into a parking spot, she is already dreading the idea of going to the bathroom in a place like this. “Man, I hate using places like this,” Blair tells Jo as the two women exit the car the car. “Gee, Blair, I never would have guessed that,” she tells Blair sarcastically. “I don’t suppose they’re going to have a bidet in there,” she adds, as they approach the restroom building, a short walk from the parking lot. “Well, at least you know what a bidet is -- I’m impressed,” Blair good naturedly teases her back, “Don’t knock ‘em unless you’ve tried one.” Smiling, Jo just gives her a look.

But as the two of them enter the ladies’ room there, Blair suddenly sees that she’s got a much bigger problem than a lack of a bidet. She actually finds the facilities cleaner than she had expected -- not actually “clean” by her standards, but at least not as dirty as she had anticipated for highway rest stop bathroom. But that didn’t really matter so much now. Blair stopped and just stared at the 5 somewhat clean stalls all sitting there in a row. “Umm….Where are the doors?” Blair mumbles -- not really directing it to anyone in particular. “HUH?” Jo asks, not really having been paying much attention to what Blair was saying. “The doors? -- Where are the doors?” Blair asks again, this time addressing the question to Jo, “There are no doors on the stalls!” Jo hadn’t really noticed at first but she now takes a step closer to get a closer look. “Nope -- I guess not,” she tells Blair, although not really concerned about the situation herself.

As Blair just stands there frozen and a bit shocked to see toilets without doors on the individual stalls, Jo just takes it in stride. The pretty brunette simply steps into one and starts undoing her pants. This comes as a shock to Blair. “You’re not really going to go in here, are you?!” she asks Jo. Jo just looks back at her puzzled -- almost like she doesn’t really understand the question.

“There’s no privacy in there,” Blair then points out, quite shocked that Jo clearly intends to use it anyway, “How can you actually go to the bathroom like that?” But Jo just continues pulling down her pants and panties. “It’s a toilet, Blair,” Jo tells her -- in characteristic sarcasm, “It’s actually where you’re supposed to go to the bathroom.” As the pretty blonde looks on horror, Jo then just plants her butt right down on the toilet seat and starts to pee. This shocks Blair even more. “EWWW! -- GROSS!” Blair exclaims, “How can you just sit down on the toilet seat like that?” Jo looks up from her position on the toilet seat -- her pee now going full force. “Well, Blair, in spite of what you may think sometimes, I’m not actually a boy,” she tells her prissy blonde roommate, “No matter what you may think sometimes, I simply don’t have the equipment to pee standing up.”

“I’m sorry to disappoint you, Blair,” she continues in her best sarcastic tone, “But I have to sit down to pee just like you do.”

“No, No -- I don’t mean that,” Blair quickly responds, a little annoyed, “I mean, how can you just sit down on a filthy toilet seat like that?”

“Do you have any idea how many different butts must sit down on that toilet seat every day?” she asks rhetorically. But Jo just shrugs her shoulders as she sits there and continues to pee. “So I suppose you’re one of those who squat over the seat instead of sitting down,” she says to Blair, “And then you sprinkle on the seat and make it disgusting for the rest of us.”

“Well, mostly I put toilet paper down on the seat and sit that way,” Blair answers. “But in gross public bathrooms like this one I do only squat,” she explains further, “My butt doesn’t get anywhere near the seat in places like this.”

“And I don’t sprinkle on the seat,” Blair declares adamantly, “I’ve perfected my technique -- I’ve got perfect aim.” Jo just smiles and rolls her eyes.

As Jo’s pee stream starts to trail off, Blair assumes they are just about done here. Blair has already decided that she is not going to go to the bathroom here. “Maybe it doesn’t bother Jo so much,” the prissy blonde beauty thinks to herself, “But I’m just not going to go to the bathroom in a doorless stall with no privacy.” But when Jo doesn’t get up from the toilet seat after she finishes peeing and wiping her front, Blair reacts in an even more exaggerated sense of horror. She suddenly realizes what Jo is going to do next. Blair looks about sick at the thought of that. “How could you even think to do that here?” she asks Jo, “I mean, peeing is bad enough, but how can you even think of doing more than that in a place like this?”

“I can’t believe you’d take one of those in a doorless stall like this,” Blair adds. But Jo just takes it in stride -- shrugging her shoulders again as she just sits on the toilet doing what she needs to do.

“What can I say, Blair,” she says with a laugh. “Sometimes you just have to go, Blair,” Jo tells her, “And sometimes you have to go both ways.”

“I’m sorry, Blair, but I just don’t see what the big deal is,” the down to earth brunette explains. “A toilet is a toilet as far as I’m concerned,” Jo continues, “And if I have to go and there’s a toilet available, I’m going to use it.” This time it’s Blair who rolls her eyes -- she still can’t believe that Jo doesn’t seem to even care about the lack of privacy. “I’m not going to make myself uncomfortable holding it in when I can just go use the toilet instead,” Jo adds, “And I’m certainly not going to risk having an accident and going in my pants -- especially when it’s more than just peeing.”

By now, Jo has finished doing what she needs to do in the toilet -- having deposited two large solid pieces along with a whole bunch of softer, less formed stuff in the toilet -- and goes about wiping herself. It’s a surprisingly messy bowel movement and it takes Jo five wipes to clean herself. But Jo just goes about her business quite casually and pretty much unconcerned about the fact she was doing all that in an open toilet stall. Blair, on the hand, seems as horrified as Jo is unconcerned at someone actually wiping herself without any privacy.

When she finishes, flushes and pulls up her pants, Jo steps out of the stall fully expecting Blair to next take her place. Obviously, she knows that Blair is not liking this but just as obviously she knows that Blair really does need to go. She can tell by the way that Blair is standing there with her legs held tightly together that she is fighting to hold it in. And knowing Blair as she does, she knows that she would never have initiated a bathroom stop at a highway rest spot had she not had to go quite urgently. But as Jo steps out to let Blair enter, the pretty senior blonde just shakes her head. “I’ll wait,” she tells Jo. Jo, concerned, tries to convince her otherwise. “Blair -- I know you have to go -- so just go,” she tells her, “It really isn’t so bad.” But Blair just shakes her head again. “Just because it’s not so bad for you, doesn’t mean it’s not bad for me,” she tells Jo, “I don’t go to the bathroom where there’s no doors and no privacy.”

“I’ll just wait for the next rest stop,” Blair insists.

Jo volunteers to “block” for her -- that is, she can stand in the stall doorway with her back turned while Blair is on the toilet. “That way no one will see you on the toilet,” Jo explains. But Blair is still horrified at the thought of that. “I don’t want to go to the bathroom in front of you, either,” she tells Jo. Jo points out, though, that she’ll have her back to her while she’s on the toilet, but Blair still doesn’t like the idea. “Geez, Blair -- we’ve been roommates for almost 2 years,” Jo argues, “It’s not like we haven’t seen each other naked before.”

“We’ve never seen each other on the toilet,” Blair then counters, “At least you’ve never seen me.” Blair insists that she’ll just wait and go at the next rest stop. “I can wait,” the pretty blonde insists while Jo goes over the sinks and washes her hands. As the women leave the bathroom and get back on the road, Jo notices a “Next Rest Stop - 36 miles” sign as they leave the rest area. She points that out to Blair and Blair suddenly looks quite worried as well as very uncomfortable.

As they continue on the road, Blair’s discomfort from holding it in only gets worse. As she drives, she’s twisting and contorting her legs -- at least as much as possible while still driving -- and clenching her thighs in an effort to maintain control of herself. And the pained expression on her face is readily obvious. Jo increasingly starts to wonder if Blair is actually going to even make it to the next rest stop. She envisions Blair suddenly having to pull over and pee on the side of the road. Part of her would really love to see that -- the part that thinks Blair is a prissy, superficial drama queen -- but the better part of her knows how traumatic that would be for Blair.

Seeing her is such obvious discomfort from desperation, though, really makes Jo wonder why she wouldn’t have just given in and gone at the rest stop. “I mean, I know it wasn’t what you’re used to Blair, but it was still a toilet,” Jo tells her, “I mean even with no stall door, it’s still a toilet -- I still don’t understand why you would make yourself so uncomfortable rather than just pee and get it over with.” Jo then points out that the bathrooms at her old high school -- the school where she went before getting a scholarship to Eastland -- had no privacy doors on the stalls. “It really was no big deal, Blair,” she reiterates, “You just go and do what you need to do.”

“I mean, really Blair,” she tells her roommate matter-of-factly, “You really have no other choice sometimes.”

“Granted, there were some girls who did have issues going #2 in those bathrooms,” Jo acknowledges, “But everyone just peed when they needed to -- like I said, that was really no big deal.”

With that, Blair just looks over at Jo, almost crying. “That’s just it, Jo,” Blair says with a cry of desperation in her voice, “It isn’t what you think.”

“I don’t just have to pee,” she explains, “I have to go both ways.” That revelation completely catches Jo by surprise. “You have to go bad?” she asks Blair. “I have to go real bad -- both ways,” Blair answers. Hearing that, Jo suddenly becomes very concerned for her roommate. She’d pretty much just assumed that Blair would eventually just give in and pee at the next rest stop no matter what or even just pull over and pee on the side of the ride if need be. But hearing that Blair has to go the other way, too, puts this in a whole new category. Given Blair’s feelings about doing that, she’s really not sure what Blair is going to do if the ladies’ room at the next rest stop also has no doors on the stalls. Jo is kind of thinking that it’s likely the next rest stop will be just like the previous one. She really wonders how Blair is going to handle having to go both ways if that bathroom -- like the previous one -- has no doors on the individual stalls.

Concerned, she points that out to Blair. “I really hate to say this, Blair,” she explains, “But if they didn’t have stall doors in the prior rest stop, there’s a good bet they’re not going to have stall doors in the next one.”

“I mean, I’d figured you’d have to go so bad by the next rest stop that you’d just pee no matter what,” Jo explains further, “But knowing how you feel about doing #2’s in public bathrooms, I’m really not sure what you’re going to do if they don’t have stall doors in that bathroom, either.

Blair lets out an audible groan at hearing that. Holding on for dear life, her only hope was the thought of doing it in the next rest stop bathroom. “If you really have to go that bad, maybe you should pull off the highway and try to find someplace else,” Jo suggests. Blair was actually thinking the same thing. With that, Blair promptly takes the next exit. “Hopefully, we can find a McDonalds or someplace,” Blair says -- obviously in quite painful desperation by now. “Blair at a McDonalds!?” Jo jokes -- it not seeming to be the kind of place that Blair would frequent. “McDonalds has the cleanest bathrooms,” Blair quickly explains, “And they’re usually the one person in there at a time kind of place where you can get the most privacy.” Jo laughs. “Leave it to Blair to know all that,” she thinks to herself.

Pulling off the highway, Blair is happy to see a McDonalds right there at the exit. “Not a moment too soon,” she thinks to herself. She quickly turns into the parking lot and into the first parking spot she sees. But just as Blair quickly unbuckles her seat belt and proceeds to exit the car, disaster strikes. Maybe it was opening her legs to step out of the car and thereby unclenching her control. Or maybe it was simply because she had waited too long for her bladder to take. But either way -- as Blair steps out of her car -- she feels a flood of warm pee suddenly envelop the crotch of her jeans. Her jeans rapidly darken in the crotch area as more and more of Blair’s pee escapes and is absorbed in the denim. And, as even more pee continues to flow beyond the pretty blonde’s control, trails of wetness become visible down both her thighs as well.

Jo, who hasn’t yet had a chance to exit the car, suddenly catches a whiff of something through Blair’s open car door. She fears the worst. “Did you umm…. Did you umm….I mean, did you umm…,” Jo asks -- not really sure how to frame the question. But Blair’s expression as she turns to face Jo, tells her roommate all that she needs to know. With tears now streaming down her face, Blair nods her head confirming that she did indeed do that in her pants as well.

Quickly (but obviously not quickly enough), Blair does manage to regain control of herself. Jo exits the car just in time to watch Blair run off to find the bathroom in the McDonalds -- her soaking wet jeans quite visible and her leaving a trail of wetness on the pavement behind her. And while the other accident, isn’t nearly quite as visible -- I mean, it doesn’t look like it’s leaked through or anything like that -- Jo can definitely see something of a lump in the seat of Blair’s jeans as she heads inside.

Blair makes it to the ladies’ room in the McDonalds and happily it is unoccupied. She quickly pulls down her pants and panties -- just about peeling the panties off of her as the mess in them was causing them to stick to her behind -- and just plops her butt down onto the toilet seat. Immediately, she starts to peeing some more. She poops some more as well, although most of the poop that drops into the toilet is actually poop that had already come out but was hanging from Blair’s messy behind.

In short course, Jo arrives at the bathroom door. She knocks but hearing no response from Blair, she opens the door and enters. She finds Blair simply sitting on the toilet crying with her wet jeans at her feet on the floor and her soiled panties dangling at her knees. At first glance, it’s an “I Told You So Moment” of the highest order and a blackmail plot that Jo could never even have dreamed of. But as Blair looks up at her from the toilet -- desperate and humiliated and crying her eyes out -- Jo can’t help but feel sorry for her. Fortunately, they each have a change of clothes in the car and Blair asks Jo to get her clean panties and another pair of jeans. As Blair gets up off the toilet to finish taking off her jeans and panties, Jo can see that she’s left a mess on the toilet seat as well.

As Jo heads back to the car, Blair has no choice but to begin wiping herself. Suffice to say she’s a mess back there and having seen the mess she left on the toilet seat, Blair knows it. Grabbing some toilet paper and attempting her first wipe, she gets as much on her hand as she does on the paper. To say that grosses Blair out doesn’t quite do it justice. But Blair knows she must grin and bare it and continue. She has the same result with her next wipe and the one after that and the one after that. Blair, with the mess all over her hand, feels like she’s going to be sick, but again she simply must endure.

She must get herself clean somehow. As Jo gets new clothes for Blair, she remembers that she saw a washcloth in her overnight bag as well. She grabs that along with new panties and new jeans for Blair. The washcloth proves to be a godsend. It’s hard to imagine how Blair could actually have cleaned up fully without it. Using the washcloth, though -- rinsing it out in the sink between wipes -- Blair does manage to clean herself completely of the mess.

With Jo standing guard just inside the bathroom door the whole time, Blair goes back to the toilet paper -- this time to dry her behind from the wetness left from using the washcloth and the wetness from the pee all over her front and down her thighs. Blair, drying her eyes and regaining her composure a bit, breathes a sigh of relief as she pulls on clean and dry panties and clean and dry jeans. Obviously, Blair’s panties -- now containing a big lump of fecal matter in the seat -- go straight into the garbage as does the washcloth that wiped off so much of Blair’s mess. But Jo is surprised when Blair tosses her jeans in the garbage as well. Obviously, they are soaking wet but except for a slight bit of a stain on the inside in the seat, they weren’t soiled. It was obviously quite a bad mess but apparently Blair’s panties did a good job of containing it. Still, Blair insists that the jeans are going in the garbage. “I don’t ever want to see them again,” she states emphatically.

Jo isn’t much for hugging but she really has no choice as Blair hugs her tightly and thanks her profusely for her help. “Only a true friend would have helped me like you did,” she tells Jo, obviously, feeling a whole range of emotions, “I don’t know what I would have done without you.” Again, Jo feels the “I Told You So” implications of the situation and the prospects for blackmail. But she’s, quite surprisingly, taken aback by Blair acknowledging her as a friend and quickly disabuses herself of any notion of that. “I’m sorry -- I’m so sorry,” she tells Jo, crying again, “I can’t believe what I did -- I’m just so sorry.” But Jo tells her that there’s no reason to be sorry. “Stuff happens, Blair,” she tells her, “And friends help friends when it does.”

“I mean, it’s not exactly your finest moment, Blair,” Jo tells her, smiling, “But stuff happens sometimes and no one has to know about it except us.”

Suddenly, Blair feels at least a little better and with Jo’s assurance that she won’t tell anyone, breathes a sigh of relief at this ordeal really being over. The two women are soon back on the road on their way back home to Eastland. Deep down, she’s also touched by Jo referring to her as a friend as well. They both now understand the wisdom of Mrs. Garrett in pairing them up as roommates nearly 2 years earlier.

