An Eventful Party (MCU FanFic)

Author: Noot

*000*2020-08-18 20:05

This is another MCU fanfic also written as a commission. Again it's set in an AU which means the timeline doesn't add up, but this is mainly so Shuri and Kamala are over 18.

It's not finished! Towards the end the guy decided he was gonna not pay for it. I've put it here in the hopes someone at least will enjoy it and that will be better than nothing.

###

The sun had long set over Malibu, California, but the moonlight still illuminated every inch of the ocean outside. From the sweeping windows of Tony Stark's mansion, it was impossible to ignore the way it reflected on the black water that washed against sandy shores, a pearly-white orb hanging low in the night sky. Down, hundreds of metres below at the foot of a jagged cliff, the only thing breaking the silence would be the rhythmic lapping of gentle waves on the coast. As one ventured further up the hill, other noises would slowly fade into play: the rushing of distant cars, or perhaps occasional calls from nocturnal birds. Inside, however, the celebrations were only just beginning.

The biggest rooms were crawling with guests from every walk of life. Superheroes, soldiers, S.H.I.E.L.D. agents (attending on the down-low, as always), Wakandans, aliens, at least one Asgardian God and a raccoon. Right in the centre of the chaos stood Pepper Potts, left as usual with the impossible role of hostess and doing her best to make sense of it all. Dressed head to toe in white, Pepper kept ducking and weaving from spot to spot, trying to ensure she talked to every guest, desperately hoping she wouldn't forget anyone. To make matters harder, she was growing increasingly aware that she needed the toilet. It wasn't a pressing urge yet, but Pepper knew that at some point during the evening she'd have to find the time to visit the bathroom and relieve herself. This was far from ideal; it wasn't very ladylike to abandon the party, especially as hostess. Gritting her teeth, Pepper resolved to forget about it and hold on for a while longer.

True to character, Carol Danvers was one of the last to arrive, and Pepper headed straight over to greet her. Pepper's interactions with the famous Captain Marvel had been limited, so she was keen to be polite and make a good impression. She offered the blonde woman a drink, which Carol accepted graciously, and showed her to the food tables. Tony's parties were known for getting a little wild as the night went on, but Pepper could see that this was a woman who could handle wild.

Of course, Pepper thought as she scanned the room, the same could be said of pretty much every woman there. She spotted the small contingent of Wakandans not far from the door- Okoye, Shuri and Nakia were standing in a group, being introduced by Thor to his plus-one, a woman Pepper barely knew called Jane Foster. Then there were the five Shield agents in the other corner, who could no doubt take care of themselves. Peggy Carter was among them- and as one of the very few people Pepper knew who had lived through a world war, she was fairly confident that Peggy could handle one of Tony's ill-advised DJ sets.

The wildcard was a young newcomer called Kamala Khan, who people were starting to call Ms Marvel. Pepper only knew three things about the girl- that she wasn't old enough to legally drink, that she was a muslim who didn't drink anyway and that she had some seriously impressive powers. Right now she was gushing emphatically at poor Carol Danvers, who hadn't even had time to eat yet. Nonetheless, Pepper liked what she'd seen so far from Kamala. The kid had nerve, but she seemed sweet enough. Then, of course, there was Natasha Romanoff, who stood by the bar flirting idly with Bruce Banner. Black Widow was probably tougher than anyone else in the room, Pepper reminded herself. As she watched Nat and Bruce, it hit her again- that familiar feeling of needing to use the bathroom, although she knew she still had some time before it became an emergency.

Throughout her life, Pepper had always struggled with using the toilet while there were other people nearby. Public restrooms had always been a no-go-zone unless she had no other choice, and only when she was desperate could she relax enough to go while even her own home was busy. But tonight was looking certain to be one of those nights where she couldn't avoid at least a couple of trips to one of the mansion's bathrooms, so she was determined to get it over with. With any luck, the glasses of wine she'd already polished off would help move things along. And the sooner the better- things were starting to get uncomfortable, after all.

As if by some magic, Tony appeared at her side, wearing- inexplicably- sunglasses and a blazer. Her husband liked to dress up in style, no doubt about it. He'd been playing snooker with Rhodey and Clint Barton for most of the party so far, but Pepper was extremely glad to see him now. The pressure in her bowels was building, and a fullness in her bladder wasn't much better. Quietly, she blamed both on the Sauvignon.

"Tony, hi. Can you watch the party for a second?" she asked sweetly.

"Sure, what's up?" he was looking at her funny, she just knew it, even beneath those sunglasses. He could tell something was up with her. But Pepper had never had any problems with talking about her bodily functions to boyfriends, so she told him the truth.

"I have to use the bathroom. For both things," she clarified before he could ask, "but I'll be back soon. Love you". Pepper must have been in more of a hurry than she'd realised, because she rushed off in the direction of the nearest bathroom without waiting for a reply. She could feel warm gas bubbling up inside of her, but point-blank refused to let any escape. Here, wearing a white jumpsuit in the middle of an expensive mansion surrounded by powerful people, she was not gong to fart. So, instead, she pressed on, even when a nasty thought hit her.

It'd be just my luck if there's a line, a voice in her head piped up. But would it be luck? Was it really unlikely that, in a very busy party, multiple people would need the bathroom at once? With a serious need to sit down on a porcelain throne beginning to intensify in her belly, Pepper could only hope that she would be the first person to get to the toilet.

She had no way of knowing just how many others were in the same situation.

###

Kamala Khan first realised something was wrong when she felt a cramping in her stomach. As a healthy young woman who ate well and never drunk alcohol, she rarely got sick, and this was a feeling she wasn't much used to. She'd just been called over to grab a drink with Shuri, the only other person in the room anywhere near her age, when it first crept up on her. A sharp pain in the belly, a sudden desire to stop walking and lean on something. Kamala recognised it immediately; she had to poop. But Shuri was waiting across the room, smiling her sly smile, and Kamala didn't want to make her wait.

Well sure, she found Shuri a little intimidating. So what? Lots of people were probably intimidated by this teenage genius, this woman of almost impossible intelligence. Only a couple of people in the room could hold a candle to Shuri's brain, and yet she still managed to be a normal person... well, most of the time. Tonight wearing a flowery cream dress and impeccably white heels, she couldn't have looked more different to the Shuri Kamala had met before. But beyond the clothes she had the same cheeky smile, the same glint in her eyes that reassured Kamala that they weren't so different after all.

"Come on, Kam," Shuri said, grabbing Kamala gently on the wrist and leading her away. It took Kamala a few seconds to realise that they were going in the wrong direction, away from the drinks. They veered past Bruce Banner, around Thor and Jane and towards the back of the colossal room, where it branched out into the rest of the house.

"I thought we were getting drinks?" Kamala asked, genuinely confused. Shuri just laughed.

"No, silly, we're going to the bathroom. I just didn't want to shout that at you across the party," she said. Quietly, Kamala felt relieved; it would be nice to get a chance to try and deal with the brewing in her belly.

"Why did you take me?" she pressed tentatively.

"Kamala, you have a lot to learn," Shuri smirked, "you can't just go off to the bathroom by yourself at a party, you would look like such a loser". She slipped past the turned back of Steve Rogers and they were free, out of the crowd and into open space. "Besides, you're the only person here my age. It's good to bond".

Kamala smiled and relaxed a little; it was great to know that Shuri saw her as a friendly face in the crowd too. She was also grateful to Shuri for breaking the ice, because she'd been beginning to worry about the moment in the evening when she would have to slip away to use the bathroom, and now she knew she wouldn't have to be alone.

"Pepper said the bathroom is just around this corner," Shuri continued, "which is a relief because-" she slipped into a stage-whisper, possibly a little tipsy, "I really need to poop".

Kamala's eyebrows shot up. "For real?" she asked. Shuri patted her stomach as they walked and laughed.

"I feel like I ate a horse," she said quietly.

"Me too! Wow, I'm so glad I'm not the only one who has to poop," Kamala breathed, "I was worried it would be so embarrassing making you wait while I sat there and squeezed one out". Both girls cracked up at this, and Kamala felt ten pounds lighter. Shuri just turned to her and winked.

"What would you do without me, hm?"

But the second they turned the corner both girl's moods changed completely. Kamala's face fell at the sight of the gathering outside of what she assumed was the bathroom, which certainly looked like it would be there a while.

Standing right by the door was a pale young woman in an orange dress and deep scarlet lipstick. Immediately, Kamala recognised her as Agent Peggy Carter, the wartime spy who had worked with Captain America decades ago. She looked worse for wear, standing on one leg and leaning the other heel against the wall. Her thighs were pressed tightly together, as if she was afraid that something might fall out should she open them. There was a barely-noticeable bounce in her posture, which made her hair and breasts jiggle just the tiniest amount as she moved. These were the little things that any fellow woman would recognise as the subtle signs of someone in serious need of a toilet.

Standing opposite was another S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent, this one from a far more recent time- Maria Hill, once right-hand-woman to Nick Fury, was staring down at her mobile phone, one leg crossed over the other. Kamala knew that stance all too well as well: it was the kind of posture you tried when you really had to use the bathroom but really didn't want anyone to notice. Natasha Romanoff completed the picture, across the doorway from Peggy, hand outstretched as if she was ready to knock on the wood and tell whoever was in there to hurry the hell up. Her hair, which today was strawberry blonde, flowed almost shoulder-length. She looked up as the two young women rounded the corner.

"Let me guess: stomach problems?" she asked dryly. Kamala didn't have much confidence to engage in a conversation about bowel movements with one of the most powerful women in the world, but Shuri thought nothing of it. The Wakandan groaned in frustration as she took her place behind Maria in the queue.

"Yes, and I have to pee as well," she said, her accent showing through even more in her annoyance, "is there something up with the food?"

"Must be," Maria opined, "five women all having to go at the same time isn't exactly common".

"Who's in there right now?"

"We don't know," said Nat, "but they'd better hurry up or Peggy's going to burst".

Peggy shook her head irritably; she seemed to resent the implication that she needed the toilet whatsoever, even though it was plain and obvious to Kamala.

"I'm completely fine," she insisted, "just a touch of stomach trouble, nothing to worry about". Kamala privately felt that telling such a blatant lie to two spies and a genius was optimistic at best, but she kept her mouth shut. She could empathise with Peggy's desire to pretend she didn't have to go, even though she was clearly already getting desperate.

"Well, whoever it is, I hope they come out soon, or I'm going to burst", Shuri said, "and I really like this dress".

###

To Natasha Romanoff, waiting for the bathroom was just part of the day job. As a highly-trained spy, self-control was essential. A good poker face was vital too. And so whenever she found herself urgently needing to poop or- more frequently- pee, Natasha's only option was to grit her teeth and do whatever it took to hold it in. Sometimes, in a high-pressure environment when combat was likely, that could become nearly impossible. On those occasions, it could feel more like a damage limitation job.

She remembered well a day when she was a young operative when she had asked about it. On that particular day, they had been working long hours with no bathroom available, and Natasha had damn near wet herself. Yet her colleagues had never even shown any sign of discomfort. Her mentors had made it perfectly clear how they approached their bodily functions: keep a straight face at all costs. Leaking was fine, farting was fine, but you could never let anyone know you had to go. Squirming, squeezing- to a spy these were all signs of vulnerability, and showing vulnerability was a dangerous thing to do out on the field.

Now, though, she wasn't out on the field. She was in line at a house party, surrounded by women with far less experience than herself in the art of holding. The worst that could happen here was a touch of embarrassment, which wasn't something Natasha particularly cared about. She'd seen far too much and lived far too long to still be blushing like a child over something as juvenile as having to take a dump. She would do her best to hold it, of course she would, for that was what was expected of her. But she wasn't about to feel any shame if a few farts needed to come out- if that's what it took. No, Natasha's motivations were far more high-stakes than that, and they concerned Bruce Banner. Herself and Bruce were beginning to get somewhere in their relationship, moving slowly beyond the flirtatious stage that they had found themselves stagnating in. She had been hoping that tonight could be that night, and suspected that shitstained panties rarely led to passionate, steamy affairs.

Still, she thought, it could be worse. Peggy Carter still looked like she was struggling to control herself, but it was Maria Hill who was experiencing the most rapid transformation. Within minutes, she had gone from calm (if slightly irritated) to looking seriously panicked. Like Natasha, Maria was no stranger to having to play it straight when she needed the toilet, but whatever was happening inside her body right now was something she couldn't keep under wraps. All the symptoms were there- the kind of signs that spies were trained to look out for to spot when someone was lying, but they applied just as nicely tonight. Hill was sweating, Natasha noticed, and her breathing was certainly shallow. It was an air conditioned hallway. Then there was one far more obvious piece of evidence: the unmistakable scent of a fart, strong and earthy, that must have slipped out silently at some point. There was no mistaking that it had come from Maria.

Nat was pulled out of this train of thought by the sound of hurried footsteps around the corner, and seconds later it was Pepper Potts who arrived on the scene. Their hostess may have been in a gorgeous white jumpsuit, but her cheeks were undeniably a deep red. Her jaw dropped at the sight of the line outside the bathroom: two teenagers, a spy and two SHIELD agents, almost all looking like they had to go at least as badly as she did. It was clearly bad news for Pepper. She pushed her legs together and took a step towards Kamala at the back of the line.

"Who's in there?" she asked in disbelief. Natasha told her the same thing they had told Shuri- they didn't know, but they needed to get out soon so that the women outside could start getting some relief. "Jesus," Pepper sighed, "some timing. I almost never get desperate, of course it happens when there's a line".

"Number one or number two?" asked Kamala helpfully, looking almost immediately like she regretted opening her mouth. She paused a second, and then meekly said "I don't know why I said that".

"Both," Pepper admitted, looking worried, "maybe something was up with the food?"

"Something was definitely up with the food," Shuri agreed, "I pooped before the party, and now I really have to go again. And ten minutes ago I didn't even need one at all".

"Me neither," Kamala said, looking mortified.

"Nor me," said Maria. Pepper looked over at Agent Hill for the first time- she had been quiet since the hostess had arrived in the queue, but now it was like Pepper was getting her first proper look at Maria.

"Christ, Maria, are you okay?" there was genuine concern in her voice. It was justified, too; the agent was clearly in a lot of distress.

"I don't feel good at all," she admitted, clutching her belly with one hand, "my body just wants to push it out".

"I know, hun, me too, but we have to fight that," Pepper said soothingly.

"If you fart, it might relieve some of the pressure," Natasha suggested.

"No way. Not in front of everyone," Hill insisted, even though it was clear that she was tempted by the prospect of letting some gas out.

"Why not? I will if you will," Nat pressed.

"And me," Shuri offered, looking very much as though she wanted any excuse to relieve some of the fullness in her stomach. Maria was a proud woman, though, and she shook her head.

"Thanks, but it's okay," she lied, "I don't even need to f-" but before she could finish the sentence, it happened. A loud, wet fart rumbled out of her, impossible for anyone in the room to miss. Her eyes went wide and her hand flew to her mouth in shock as the incredible noise escaped. All eyes and ears were on the dark-haired woman, cheeks burning in this moment of shame. Her other hand crept to her backside, feeling around tentatively as if scared of what she might find. Seconds later, though, a sigh of relief told Natasha that the damage wasn't too bad- yet.

Peggy didn't seem to be able to cope with what she had just seen. Nat felt sorry for the woman- she knew how it felt to see someone else get some relief while you were desperate, after all. With a whimper, the British agent took off and hastily headed down the corridor and out of sight. Watching her walk away from behind, it wasn't hard to see that her cheeks were clenched viciously.

"Damn, is she going to be okay?" Nat asked Maria, who knew Peggy much better than any of them.

"I don't know- she's just really shy about bathroom stuff. When she first came back to S.H.I.E.L.D. she didn't ask anyone where the bathrooms were for twelve hours".

"Well, she is a young woman from wartime England," Shuri pointed out, "I'm guessing when she grew up girls weren't exactly meant to talk about this kind of thing, no?"

"Good point," Pepper said, "but I have to go back to the party. I'm no good to anyone standing here trying not to crap my pants," she sighed.

"Are you much more help out there trying not to crap your pants?" Natasha asked dubiously.

"Maybe not," she conceded, "but at least-" she farted then, a low, ominous sound, " -I'll be doing something". She turned and walked back towards the party room, disappearing around the corner. Nat heard a second pair of footsteps, these ones growing louder, and Pepper's voice saying "Oh, hi, Jane. Good luck!"

Natasha didn't know Jane Foster very well at all, but she could see what Thor liked about her. The woman was a natural beauty, with flowing brown hair and soft eyes. She was dressed in dark jeans and a silky top, which- judging by the way she was walking- were in danger of ending up stained.

"You have to poop too?" Shuri asked. The older woman looked taken aback by Shuri's forwardness, but frowned and shook her head.

"Actually, no, not at all. Why?"

"Did you eat any of the food?"

"What do you mean?"

"Any of the food here," Shuri explained patiently, "at the party. We think the food is what's making everyone need to go number two".

"Uh, I don't actually eat at parties," Jane said, clearly not comfortable having this conversation about pooping with a group of famous women.

"That settles it, then," Maria said, "the food has given us all the shits. So why are you here?"

"And why are you squirming so much?" Kamala added, perhaps a little insensitively.

Jane looked beyond embarrassed at this, but didn't seem interested in ignoring the question.

"Parties make me nervous. Superheroes and spies make me nervous. When I get nervous, I... drink. A lot".

"Ah"

"So you have to pee?" Shuri asked. Jane nodded.

"Well, join the club," Maria said dryly, "I feel like I'm going to explode".

"Me too," Shuri said.

"And me," Kamala confessed, looking down, "I drank a lot of soda earlier".

"Well, great," Jane said, "I guess I'd better join the back of the line?"

###

By the time Pepper emerged back into the bustle of the party, it was abundantly clear that plenty of her guests had been hit by whatever was making her stomach cramp painfully. Stumbling past Clint Barton with his wife and a black-haired guest she didn't recognise, she bumped into Carol Danvers, bent at the waist and squirming openly.

"Pepper! What's going on? I ate something from the table and now I feel like I'm gonna shit my pants".

"I know, I know, me too. Something is wrong with the food, I have a line of girls outside the bathroom who are about to poop themselves and I'm no better off".

"Fuck, seriously? And I have to piss, too".

"I think we have to just try and hold it, Carol," Pepper said exasperatedly, "I gotta keep doing the rounds, assess the damage". She disappeared back into the crowd, where two faces jumped out at her- the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents Melinda May and Daisy Johnson, who were sat together on a couch against one wall.

"Daisy, May, hi," she greeted them, feeling another heavy twinge in her bowels, "you guys ok?"

"I don't feel great, Pepper," May confided, "my stomach hurts like I have to poop bad"

"Same here, but when we went to hit the bathroom we heard that the line was huge," Daisy added.

"Yeah, it's huge alright," Pepper confirmed, "the food was off. Almost everyone seems to need to poop or pee or both, I'm just trying to find out how many there are".

"Have you seen Jemma?"

"Jemma's here?" Pepper asked, confused, "I haven't seen her anywhere".

"Yeah, she went off to find another bathroom but she might've got lost. You know Jemma," May said.

"Shit, okay. If I see her I'll let you know," Pepper said, heading back into the jumble of guests. There were still a couple of people she needed to talk to.

It didn't take long to find them, either, being the only two adult Wakandans in the building. Okoye and Nakia stood a few metres away from the rest of the pack, dressed as extravagantly as always, examining the crowd around them with a mixture of curiosity and caution. The former wore a tight red suit, not as jarring as her armour but certainly unlike anything else anyone at the party could pull off. The latter donned a gorgeous purple dress which showed off her legs brilliantly. Pepper hadn't spoken much to either woman, but she had to find out how they were doing.

"Ladies, hello," she said, perhaps a little more carefully than she had intended, "is everything okay?"

"Everything is fine, thank you, Mrs Stark," Okoye said gracefully.

"Please, call me Pepper," she said for about the fiftieth time that evening, "and are you sure? No illnesses or anything?" Even though Pepper knew she wasn't being very conspicuous, she needed to get to the bottom of this. But she could see that she'd struck a sensitive nerve with Okoye, who struck her a look that quite plainly said she wasn't interested in discussing it.

"We're very well, Pepper, thank you," Nakia reiterated. She seemed far more well-versed in the etiquette of nights like these than her companion. "Would you come and get a drink with me? I'd love to ask you about those earrings". She smiled a beautiful smile at Pepper, and linked arms with her before walking away towards the bar. As soon as they were out of Okoye's earshot, though, her voice changed. Panic was evident in the young woman's tone.

"Pepper, please tell me that line outside the bathroom is going down," she pleaded. Pepper's face was white as she shook her head.

"I'm sorry, it's still busy. How did you even know about the line?"

"I have a phone, Shuri has a phone, she tells me these things," Nakia said dismissively. Once they reached the bar, she stopped, turned and placed a hand on each of Pepper's slim shoulders. "I'm in real trouble here, Pepper, we both know something was in that food. I'm telling you, if I don't get on a toilet soon I won't make it".

"But Okoye said-"

"Okoye is full of shit," Nakia said, waving her hand, "she is too proud to admit that she has to go just as bad as the rest of us. Not one minute ago she told me that she has never had to poop so badly before. We need to do something about that line, Pepper, or-"

Even over the noise of the party, Pepper couldn't mistake the sound of a sharp fart from Nakia's perfectly toned butt. She had never seen embarrassment on the Wakandan's strong features, but she saw it now.

"Forgive me, Pepper, I'm in desperate need of a bathroom," she apologised, trying to maintain some sense of regality.

"Don't worry about it, please," Pepper said sincerely, "my farts are even worse, especially tonight". Nakia nodded, looking grateful for the reassurance. "Anyway, I need to keep moving, got a lot of guests to check on- and walking helps me keep my poop in," she admitted guiltily.

"Go, Pepper," Nakia said, "but whatever it takes, get that line moving".

###

Peggy Carter had never needed the toilet so badly in her life.

Her bladder cramped and her bowels grumbled as she fumbled her way across the corridor and stumbled into the first empty room she could find- the kitchen. It wasn't the perfectly secluded spot she had been looking for, but it would have to do- her tortured body felt as though it had very little capacity left to walk anywhere without erupting. But giving up was not in Peggy's nature, and so she kept clinging on to the last of her self-control, even as the farts started to come, the kind of farts she knew well from her childhood- the kind of farts that meant that something solid was coming and there was nothing she could do about it.

In the dim light of the quiet room, she tried everything to make things easier- sitting, standing, leaning against the wall. Nothing helped, so she was left leaning on a high chair by the window. Her pussy still ached with the need to pee, her bum was still heavy as the first of her poop threatened to poke out, and she could still think about nothing but how unlikely it was that she would make it to the toilet on time. Peggy's legs jiggled frantically, rapidly bouncing in an effort to help her hold it.

One of the advantages of being alone was that she didn't have to worry about looking silly while trying to hold, which had been her biggest fear back in the line, and now she felt free to reach behind her and squeeze her cheeks closed, which did a little to ease the pressure. But as she stared out of the glass pane, fingers practically massaging her tight cheeks closed, a sudden voice from behind startled her. She knew that voice. There was only one other woman at the party tonight with that English accent.

"Hello, Peggy. Room for two?" Jemma Simmons said, smiling cheekily despite herself. Peggy could immediately feeling her face turn an even deeper shade of pink- she'd been caught doing... that... to hold it in, caught by another agent. It was beyond embarrassing- she'd been seen grabbing her bum like a little girl! But she was surprised to realise that she didn't mind Jemma finding her. Not much. Certainly, there was nobody else in the building she'd rather talk to right now than Jemma. "Don't look so embarrassed," the other Brit said, stepping into the room," you're not the only one who needs a poo".

Peggy raised an eyebrow. "You too?"

Jemma nodded. "And Daisy and even May. I've never seen May desperate before, it's a lot of fun. I came here looking for a second bathroom but I got lost".

"The one down the hall seems to be the only one available right now," Peggy said resignedly.

"So why aren't you there?"

"Couldn't handle squirming in front of the line, it was too embarrassing".

"Ah. Well," Jemma said brightly, "you can squirm in front of me as much as you like, if I can squirm in front of you?"

"Deal," Peggy said, and they shook hands. She realised too late that her hand was hot and sweaty, and certainly smelled like farts. "So, uh... how bad do you need to go?"

"Like you wouldn't believe, Pegs," she groaned, "you know when it's starting to poke out?"

"Know it? I'm living it right now," Peggy said, surprised at how honest she was being, "but it's bad enough being desperate for a poo, I'm absolutely bursting for a wee too".

"You're kidding," Jemma laughed, "that really does suck. I remember one bad date a few years ago when I was bursting at both ends. I was too shy to tell them and by the time they dropped me home I had the worst accident before I could get the door open!"

"Now, Jemma, don't make me laugh too hard," Peggy warned seriously, "I think I just leaked a little bit". Jemma did her best to keep a straight face, but failed.

"I'm bloody desperate," she said. "I'm seriously going to poo myself in a minute. I'm starting to consider that sink".

For a moment Peggy wasn't sure if she was being serious, but one look at Jemma's face told her she was joking. All at once, she felt a sudden urge to fart come on. Around any other company in the world, she would never even have considered it, but Jemma had made her feel comfortable being more open about her bodily needs.

"I want to apologise in advance for what I'm about to do," Peggy teased, lifting one leg to let rip. But as soon as it escaped her, she knew something wasn't right. The fart sounded squishy, squelchy... as she placed her leg back down, there was no mistaking the feeling. She'd gambled and lost. "Oh, fuck," she whispered, her face turning pale.

"What happened?"

"It wasn't a fart," Peggy mumbled, getting to her feet, "it was much worse than a fart, what do I do?"

"Okay, calm down, Pegs. You're not the first girl to let out more than you bargained. Here's what we're going to do: we'll go back to the bathroom-"

"I can't go back there, they'll know I'm desperate-"

"Not if you keep it together for a bit longer, Peggy. You just need to hang on a few more minutes and then you can poo".

"Shit, okay, it might be the only option. Come with me?"

"Of course," Jemma said, ushering Peggy out of the kitchen and towards the bathroom, "would it help if I told you that you're not the only one with stained pants right now?"

"What?"

"I'm touching cloth," she explained simply.

"I don't know if that helps or not, but I didn't realise you were that desperate," Peggy stammered.

"Oh, yes. I may be small but my shits most certainly are not. And I feel like I'm about-" she held up two fingers very close together, " -this close to weeing in my knickers". Their voices grew more hushed as they approached the corridor where the bathroom stood. Jemma turned to Peggy, like a coach prepping an athlete for a big race. "Now, when we get out there, all you need to do is act natural and calm. Got it?"

Peggy looked into Jemma's sincere, sweet eyes... and felt the front of her panties turn hot and wet. "Fuck, I just lost a squirt of wee," she whispered, "how can I act natural with wee and poo in my knickers?"

"You have to try, Pegs," she insisted, "let's go".

The moment she pulled Peggy around the corner and in sight of the other women, both girls knew they'd made a mistake. The line still stood five women long, meaning that even if every girl managed to do their business in two minutes the wait would simply be too long for Peggy to hang in. Peggy wanted to run away, hide back around the corner and go find somewhere else to empty herself, but that stopped being an option when Kamala looked up and noticed them both. Kamala also would have noticed that both women were utterly busting for the loo, meaning that if they left now it would be obvious that they hadn't made it. Peggy's natural instinct to appear the mistress of self-control kicked in, and she walked calmly towards the others, hoping she looked nonchalant.

"Peggy, are you ok?" Natasha asked as she approached. Nat didn't look like she was doing too well herself, but certainly seemed to have a handle on things better than anyone else in the room. Peggy was determined to look just as composed, just as grown-up as Natasha, but every step was torture, and it took every fibre of her being to hold everything inside her, exhausting each muscle.

She opened her mouth to reply-

And shit her pants.

It did not come out slowly. It came out all at once, like the shart had in the kitchen, filling her underwear at a terrifying rate. Within a second, she had utterly soiled herself, and could do nothing except bend over at the waist and let it happen. Peggy could feel the sheer messiness of it all, squishing and stretching and squirming out of the sides of her panties, sliding and slipping down her smooth thighs and towards her feet. At the same time, her bladder finally gave in and began to empty itself into her knickers. What began as a trickle quickly became a cascade that saturated the fabric of her clothes. She was dimly aware that six other women were staring at her having the accident to end all accidents, the biggest poo she'd ever done, which refused to be held back.

Peggy's mouth formed a silent 'O', her eyes gazing without really seeing, bowels noisily evacuating into her clothes. She was confident that the whole room- no, most of the house- could hear what was happening in her butt at that moment, the sounds of wet farts muffled only by the liquids coming out after them. Her stomach continued to growl furiously even while her desperate need was abated, and she couldn't help feeling her piss and shit mixing in her underwear, melting together into something foul. She managed to get out the only words she could think to say:

"Oh, shit, no," Peggy moaned, another rope of hot mess squirting out of her arse. Shuri, Kamala, Natasha, Maria, Jane- all of them watching, all of them seeing and understanding exactly what was going on as one of the most dignified, respectable women they knew completely soiled herself from both ends. When, finally, she was finished, nobody quite knew what to do or say. The sight of this beautiful lady standing before them in underwear soaked and heavy with poop, feet in a puddle of urine, was almost too much to handle. Eventually, it was Shuri who spoke.

"Well, Peggy, I don't know if this makes you feel better," she said slowly, "but at least you weren't next in line".

###

Several minutes later, drastic action was clearly in order. Peggy, sodden clothes clinging to her body, had been tearfully led away by Steve Rogers and Jemma to try and find some way to clean up. Tony had arrived with Steve, taken one look at the mess on his carpet and immediately called for some of his robotic creations to come and attempt to get the stains out of the floor. They were still there, scrubbing furiously, but Kamala privately felt that it wasn't going well. The smell alone suggested that those carpets would have to be replaced sooner rather than later.

Not that Kamala was in any position to care too much; she couldn't remember the last time she'd been so desperate. A strange sensation had struck her, one she'd felt only a few times before in her life: the feeling of poop sticking part-way out of her butt, waiting there, barely being kept in. The head had emerged, despite her best efforts, while she had watched Peggy's accident, and now it seemed too far gone to be sucked back inside. She didn't want to move around too much lest it slip out, but knew that standing totally still would make the others take notice. All she could do was feel without using her hands and try to figure out just how bad things were.

The log felt extremely thick, even by her standards, and she didn't doubt that it was a long one. This was the norm for Kamala Khan- her poops were almost always single-package affairs, and once they were out she was done. Therefore, the line between relief and humiliation for the young woman rested on whether she could win the battle with her buttcheeks and keep this turd inside of her. Beside her, her new friend Shuri didn't look confident either. She was openly squirming now, really struggling to hide just how desperate she was. Either way, Kamala was determined to hold on for as long as she could. She knew that the people around her saw her as just a kid, even with her powers. But she idolised some of these women, and it was so important not to let herself down in front of them.

That anxiety only intensified when Carol Danvers, of all people, walked around the corner. Carol was the ultimate idol for Kamala, close enough to a goddess. Now, she was faced with the very real possibility of messing herself in front of Captain Marvel. She couldn't let that happen. Her fears were relaxed a tad, though, when she realised that Carol was perhaps even more desperate than she was. That simple thought was a real shock to Kamala's system. The woman she had held up as a personal hero, put on a pedestal, was here right in front of her- on the verge of an accident. It just didn't compute that someone so brave and powerful could do something so humiliating, so... childish. The stunning blonde had one hand pressed firmly into her crotch, and carried the scent of sweat and stale farts. It was the least Captain-Marvel smell imaginable.

"Damn, so this is where the real party is, huh?" she asked dryly, trying to hide her urgent situation with humour.

"Your sarcasm is appreciated, Danvers," Maria snapped back. Kamala thought that was a pretty brave way to talk to one of the most powerful beings in the universe, but Carol let it slide.

"Who's in there?" she asked.

"We still don't know," Natasha said in frustration.

"Are you sure anyone's in there?" came a man's voice from down the corridor. Kamala turned her head to look and there was Tony Stark, a glass of whiskey in one hand, sunglasses now sitting on the top of his head. He gestured with his drink towards the robots on the floor, who were decidedly failing to remove Peggy Carter's runny mess. "Weapon-grade exoskeletons have never been much of a problem, but I see my domestic appliance design needs a little work".

"What do you mean?" Nat questioned, keen to backtrack, "why would the door be locked if there's nobody in there?"

"That door jams, from time to time," Tony told them as if it were obvious, "I told Pepper I fixed it a while back, but... well, I didn't". Considering how much alcohol Nat knew Tony had finished off already, she was impressed at how clear his words were.

"So you're saying this whole time we've been waiting for nobody?" Jane, who had been silent up to now, suddenly seemed furious.

"Uh, that'd be a yes. Sorry," he said insincerely, turning back towards the party, "I never liked this carpet much anyway- but that might be another thing not to tell Pepper". And with that, he was gone again, leaving a gaggle of stunned and desperate women in his wake.

The noise that broke the silence was inevitable- another wet fart, this one maybe the worst yet, which rung out through the room and bounced off the walls. The surprising thing was the culprit- Shuri. Had she not just heard it with her own ears, smelt it with her own nose, Kamala would have found it hard to believe that such a small girl could produce a noise like that. But it had certainly been Shuri.

"Sorry," she said awkwardly, "that was meant to be a silent one".

Before anyone could react, a sharp gasp of anguish from Maria interrupted. All heads snapped in her direction, where they caught the agent in shock, staring down disbelievingly at the crotch of her jeans. The front was stained a dark shade- there was only one thing that made a stain like that.

"Shit, I leaked," she groaned, sounding panicked. Ever helpful in a crisis, Natasha Romanoff jolted into action.

"We need to get this door open right now," she ordered. But Kamala was amazed when she was the one Nat turned to. "Can you get us in there?"

"E-easily," Kamala confirmed, "but what if someone really is in there?"

Natasha wasn't in the mood for waiting around anymore. She rapped smartly on the door with her knuckles three times. "Alright, if anyone's in there, you'd better speak up now. We've got Ms Marvel out here ready to bust in". She waited, breath held, for a few seconds, but nobody was surprised at the lack of a response. "Ok, kid, you're up".

Heart pounding, pride only slightly marred by the log that was still sticking out of her butt, Kamala waddled forward and slipped a long, stretched arm through the crack beneath the door. She reached up, fumbling for a second with the handle on the other side, but from that angle the door opened easily enough. With a click, she swung it agape and stepped aside. Maria, hands still buried in her crotch, stepped forward like she was escaping a prison. Kamala wanted to tell her to hurry, be as quick as she could before someone else lost control- but before she could summon the courage, the door had been locked and the muffled sound of Maria's zipper coming off was all that remained.

"Ah, shit, I hope she's quick," Shuri grumbled, vocalising what everyone else had been thinking.

"I hope you're all quick," Carol added, "I can't hang in much longer here- oh, crap!" she was almost doubled over, leaning against the wall with one hand. Kamala desperately wanted to help, but found herself powerless instead, unable to take her eyes away. She knew that any movement on her part could be enough to send that girthy log flying into her new panties.

"How long do you have?" Nat asked, concerned once again. Danvers lifted her head and looked Natasha in the eyes. She was wearing an expression Kamala had seen a few times before- once on her mother, once on a classmate and once just a moment ago on the face of Peggy Carter. It was the look of a woman realising she was about to lose control.

"Seconds," Carol gasped, "I just cramped up real bad and I can't move". It hurt Kamala to see her idol in that state, even if it was also deeply disconcerting. Was she really about to outlast someone that powerful? Nonetheless, she felt compelled to say something.

"You got this, Captain," she offered feebly, "just a little longer and you can go". But even as she spoke, Kamala changed her mind. There was something in Carol's eyes that they'd never seen before- resignation. Carol had suffered enough, and now she had finally given up.

"Sorry, kid," Carol muttered, "at least this is a cheap enough outfit".

That was the last thing anybody could say before Carol lost control. With one final, nauseating cramp, she had no choice but to bare down and push out what she had been so desperate for. It came in waves- first the hot, near-liquid shit that flowed from her like a river, then the pee that exploded from her quivering pussy. The noise of it was graphic, almost gravelly, and left little to the imagination. As she watched on, Kamala was fascinated by the sight of the bulge that grew in her hero's pants, stretching and expanding the material until it looked almost like she had a diaper on underneath.

"Oh God, I can't watch," Shuri cried, burying her face in Kamala's shoulder, "if I watch I'll poop myself too". Unlike Shuri, though, Kamala couldn't look away. This was the first time she'd ever really considered that someone like Carol could experience moments of such weakness- it was like watching a car crash. Carol couldn't bring herself to meet anyone's gaze as she continued to fill her pants and soak her thighs. Even she, a woman who was known for her emotional control, looked more than a little embarrassed to be messing and wetting herself in front of two teenagers who were still holding on.

Attempting to comfort Shuri, Kamala went to pat her on the back- but she was so engrossed by Carol's accident that she misjudged her movement and hit well below the waist. There was only hand-to-butt contact for a brief moment, well under a second, and yet... Kamala was sure she felt something hard, something sticking out from Shuri's backside. It looked like Kamala wasn't the only one touching cloth.

It felt like several minutes before Carol was finally empty, even though Kamala knew it couldn't really have been so long. The smell that hung in the air was even worse than what Peggy had left, but at least this time there was no crying. In fact, once Carol's thunderous farts had calmed, the only noise left was of Natasha reminding Maria that she needed to hurry up.

"I'm leaking out here, Maria," Widow called, doing what could only be described as a potty dance.

Maybe it was her imagination, but Kamala couldn't help feeling as though the discovery of Shuri's turtlehead had made her own log inch out even further into her underwear, threatening more than ever to make an entrance onto the floor if she wasn't careful. But here, surrounded by her poop-coated idol, her closest friend in the building, the girlfriend of a Norse God and a supremely intimidating superspy, she couldn't afford to think like that. So instead, she turned her mind to how the others back at the party might be faring.

###

If Pepper had been able to concentrate on anything other than the horrible feeling in her stomach, she might have realised that things weren't adding up. She may have noticed that none of the men in the room seemed to be feeling anything strange at all, that only women were lined up outside the bathroom and looking pained on the dancefloor. She may even have considered that the party was just a few hours old, and that food poisoning takes around six to kick in. Instead, though, all she was thinking was I have to shit. What's more, nobody who she didn't already know was desperate even seemed to notice there was something up. Half of the party seemed to be going on as normal, like nothing was wrong at all. So all that was left for Pepper to do was hope beyond hope that she could keep the contents of her bowels inside.

That was much easier said than done. More than a few times, she had considered heading back to the line and joining at the back while there was still time, but her better judgement told her that the hostess had a duty to stay with her guests as much as possible. Besides, what good would being in line do? To make matters worse, she'd been hearing some stories from Tony- something about Peggy Carter having diarrhoea on the carpet and some robots trying to wipe it off. It sounded crazy, but nothing was unbelievable tonight. Even though Pepper had never had much of a domestic instinct, a big part of her wanted to head over there just to see how bad the stain was. The walk really didn't sound appealing with the pressure in her butt.

Pepper's thoughts were interrupted by the sounds of a commotion on the other side of the room. People were chattering, gathering, all moving towards one place. Needing to know what was going on, Pepper pushed forwards, through the crowd. Drinks were being spilled as everyone flocked to the source of the attention. Squeezing between Scott Lang and Clint Barton, she finally emerged at the edge of a semicircle, gathered helplessly around the main attraction.

There, backed up against the wall, stood Melinda May. The first thing Pepper saw was May's anguished face, scrunched up in pain. May was one of the strongest people S.H.I.E.L.D. had, but here she looked close to tears. The second thing Pepper saw was the puddle on the floor. Even in the dim lighting of the party, the spotless white marble was still in plain sight- not that it was spotless, or even white, anymore. The area around May's heels was pure brown, a smooth, chocolatey colour. It was seeping wider and wider, running through the cracks in the tiles, spreading like wildfire. As she watched, more dribbled from the space between May's frozen thighs and spattered into the puddle with an audible splash. People were having to step back to avoid the liquid poop touching their shoes; someone at the front was almost too slow and leapt away a split second before it reached their feet.

Cowering just behind May was poor Daisy, who didn't seem to know what to do with herself. Nobody could look away from the horror-show happening before their eyes, except to make sure that they weren't in danger of getting her poop on them. Everyone in the room was there, watching in awe- and certainly hearing as a murderously foul fart thundered from her backside. Pepper had seen enough. She couldn't allow the party to keep ogling this woman making a spectacle of herself. Despite the urgency of her own need reaching a painful high point, she knew that she needed to draw attention away. She ducked out and escaped to the space on the other side of the room.

There were two people in the whole place not staring at May shitting herself, and Pepper wasn't surprised to see that they were Okoye and Nakia of Wakanda. The latter grabbed Pepper by the arm and pulled her aside, looking panicked.

"What is happening?" she hissed, and Pepper noticed that she was clutching at her ass with one hand, "something is seriously wrong here".

"I have no idea," Pepper insisted, "it has to have been the food, nothing else makes sense".

"The food that everyone ate, no?" Okoye looked at her coldly- it was a strange contrast, Pepper thought, getting a death-stare from a woman who was clearly dying to take a dump, "so how come only the women are in this state?"

"I don't know- we can't think about that," Pepper stammered. It was true, and they all knew it: they couldn't afford to focus on anything except making it to the bathroom. She stole a glance over her shoulder and caught a glimpse of the crowd, which was still fixated on May, who was barely visible on the other side of the room. Another cramp paralysed her; something hot dribbled down the lips of her pussy and dampened her underwear. It was chaos. There was nothing she could do for May. Instead, she grabbed Okoye and Nakia on a wrist each and started walking. The only thing she could control now was how public her trauma would be.

"Where are we going?" Nakia asked, trying not to look at May.

"Somewhere nobody can see that happening to us," Pepper said.

###

Nat knew that time was running out. Not just for her, but for everyone in the small cluster waiting impatiently outside the bathroom. Maria was still locked inside, showing no signs of getting any closer to finishing up. As Natasha pressed one ear against the door, she could make out the sounds of poop hitting the toilet water, the hiss of pee and muffled moans of relief from the woman inside.

They weren't the only moans audible from her position, though: Shuri was struggling worse than anyone to keep in control of her body. After Carol had wandered off to clean up with Peggy, the poor girl had only grown more desperate. She'd admitted loudly that she had sharted at least once (which was more information that Natasha needed) and now stood nervously squeezing her cheeks together with both hands, dancing on the spot. Beside her, Kamala seemed just as uncomfortable, but was dealing with it very differently- she'd gone quiet and stood as still as a statue. Her stomach heaved with every breath, and she wasn't even trying to disguise her farts anymore.

Like Kamala, Natasha was unbelievably gassy. It felt like every ten seconds another slipped out, each as warm and stinky as the last. Nobody seemed to mind anymore, and she didn't feel embarrassed in the slightest- whatever it took, that was her motto. And getting that gas out made keeping the solids in just that tiny bit easier. Someone who didn't seem to be finding it at all easy was Jane Foster. She had slid down the wall into a sitting position and now was slumped there, feet flat on the floor, knees whacking together over and over. Every time they opened and closed, Nat was sure she could see a wet spot the size of a golf ball on her jeans.

Technically, Natasha was next in line, but she didn't think that she could bring herself to go before some of the women around her. Shuri and Kamala were barely more than children, for goodness sake- it would be wrong to get relief for herself while they stood outside, suffering and possibly even ruining their underwear. She was Black Widow, after all, supposedly one of the toughest warriors in the world- she could surely control her bowels for just a bit longer. And if she failed, well, at least she'd be safe in the knowledge that someone else had made it because of her selflessness.

So, when the bathroom door finally clicked open and a relieved-looking Maria emerged, Natasha gestured to the two young women.

"You guys can go ahead of me," she said.

"Are you sure?" Kamala asked.

"Yes, it's fine, just be quick. Who's first?"

Shuri and Kamala looked at eachother anxiously. Both desperately wanted to get their butts on the toilet seat as soon as possible, but neither fancied pushing ahead of the other. And yet... Kamala remembered well the feeling of Shuri's log poking out of her tight hole, and understood that the Wakandan girl didn't have much time before the whole thing nestled in her panties.

"Shuri, you go. It's okay".

"No, I couldn't-"

"You have to. I..." Kamala leaned in, knowing that she needed to persuade Shuri, and whispered in her ear, "I felt you sticking out down there a minute ago. Just hurry before it's too late". She saw Shuri's eyes go wide, realising that she had been caught out, and hurried into the bathroom.

"That was brave of you, Kam," Natasha said, nodding in approval, "you sure you can hold it until she's done?"

"No," Kamala said honestly, "but I'd rather poop myself than know I was the reason she did".

###

As soon as the bathroom door locked, Shuri's control started to leave her. She could feel her tight, toned cheeks opening up, her taut ring stretching and expanding as the knobbly log inched further and further out of her body. Before Shuri could even take another step, she had to make a snap decision. Up came the dress, down went her red panties. She noticed a faint dirty patch on the inside of the underwear as she slid them around her ankles, but there was no time to worry about that now. All she could think about was that she was in the process of pooping, standing up straight- three feet from the toilet.

"No, fuck, no," she groaned, waddling gracelessly towards the loo, feeling the turd pushing itself out. Just a few more steps and she'd be there, but the fabric around her ankles made walking so much more difficult than it usually was. She had no more than a second to spare- the thickest part of the log was out now, and it had started to pick up pace on the way down. Shuri was standing right in front of the toilet when it happened. After holding in her shit for as long as she possibly could, her bowels had been beaten. The proximity to the toilet was too much for her body to stand. In one smooth motion, the biggest poop she'd ever done slipped out of her ass and landed squarely on the bathroom floor.

Another log immediately lined up to take the place of the first. Powered now by sheer panic, Shuri started to turn so she could sit down. As her hips twisted, the other end gave up too, and pee started spraying from her pussy like a sprinkler. By some miracle, she heard a splash that indicated that the second turd had somehow landed in the toilet. Not willing to waste another second, she sat heavily on the porcelain and gasped in relief, finally emptying herself in earnest into the bowl.

At some point, she looked down between her feet and saw the mess that had been made, saw the thick log on the floor, the shitstains in her nicest panties, the pee spattered on the floor.

Later, I'll clean that up, Shuri promised herself. Later.

###

"Oh, no," Kamala Khan moaned, not for the first time that night. It had been almost two minutes since Shuri had made it into the bathroom, and she needed to get out soon. Kamala forced out another huge fart, which was only wetter and louder than her last. Natasha looked at her in concern.

"You okay?" she asked, knowing that the girl was certainly not okay.

"Uh, kinda. You remember when I said I'd be fine if Shuri went first?" Kamala said. Nat nodded. "I was wrong," she confessed.

"Wrong about what?" came a familiar voice. It was difficult for Kamala to describe the mixture of emotions that washed over her as she saw Carol Danvers round the corner and approach the three women left outside the bathroom. Carol was wearing the same top half as before, but her legs bore nothing but a pair of underwear that one could only assume was borrowed from Pepper. On one hand, it was a relief to see her idol back in the room- on the other, Kamala knew she was moments away from an accident, and didn't really want Carol in the audience when that happened. Sure, it was made a little easier by the fact that she'd seen Carol mess just minutes ago, but still- how humiliating.

"She let Shuri in ahead of her," Natasha explained, filling Carol in.

"And now I can't hold it in any longer," Kamala added. Only once she said it out loud did she realise how true it was. She was in the final seconds now, her stomach cramping more viciously than ever, starting to force that enormous log of hers out. Even as she spoke she felt it coming. There was nothing she could do to stop the shit from hitting the fan- or, in this case, her underwear.

Carol took one look at the girl and understood exactly how much trouble she was in. She stepped closer to Kamala and put a hand on her shoulder.

"It's okay, kid, I couldn't hold it either. There's nothing to be ashamed of if you don't make it".

Kamala's lips quivered like a child's. "Really?" she said slowly.

"Of course, don't worry about it. Loads of girls are going home in ruined panties tonight. I don't think any less of you for it".

"That's good, Captain. That's real good," Kamala whispered.

"Why?"

"Because I'm pooping in my pants right now".

And she was. Ms Marvel was strong, but the desperate urge to take a dump had finally grown stronger. It had taken her over, battled and bruised her broken bowels and won. Now there was no way to hide it, no way to fight anymore. All at once, an incredible log stretched out her ass and filled her tight panties. If she hadn't been a polymorph, the sheer width of the thing would surely have done her hole damage. Instead, in front of the person she respected most in the world, the one thing that was always meant to go in the toilet was ending up in her panties. "I can't stop it," she choked, feeling tears welling up. Carol did something then that took everyone by surprise: she stepped forward and took Kamala in her arms, even as the poor girl was still relieving herself into her clothes. Behind Kamala, Jane Foster was gaping in awe at the size of the bulge that was tenting out from Kamala's butt- she'd never seen a poop anywhere near that big, and it was still growing.

Eventually, blissfully, it broke away. Kamala buried her face in Carol's shoulder, sobbing gently, the earthy odour of shit hanging in the room.

"Are you done?" Carol asked, not unkindly.

"Yeah," Kamala managed between sobs, "I only ever do one bit, and it's all out". There was no going back now- Kamala Khan had just messed herself badly. But Carol knew exactly how it felt. She put an arm around the young woman's shoulder and began to walk her gently towards the other end of the corridor.

"It's okay, hun, we all have accidents sometimes. Come with me- we'll get you cleaned up".

###

Even as Pepper yanked Nakia and Okoye into her office at the back of the mansion, she was acutely aware that she probably wasn't going to leave the room with clean underwear. It was hard to say what was worse: her bladder or her bowels. Pepper's head was spinning, asking herself the same question over and over again: how is this possible?

But no answer came and now, here she stood, desperately waiting for the inevitable. As long as there was still a slim chance that she would make it out and get to a bathroom on time, she refused to give in- especially not in front of Okoye, who was still holding strong, doing her best to hide any signs that anything was wrong. Pepper leant back against her desk, feeling the hard edges of the wooden surface against her butt. This was a strategy she'd used before throughout her career, on those particularly busy days when she hadn't been able to find the time to visit the bathroom. By pressing her ass against the wood, it was almost as if her cheeks were being squeezed closed, forbidding anything from escaping. Almost.

The trouble with these tactics was that it gave her no assistance on the front, where she was dribbling pee now with an alarming regularity. There was only one thing for it.

"I'm sorry for being so forward, ladies, but I'm going to have to do this," she explained, and grabbed her crotch with one hand. It was beyond embarrassing to be squirming in front of two women she considered her equals while holding her bits like a little girl. Fortunately, that humiliation was abated somewhat by Nakia's reaction. Almost instantly, the Wakandan copied Pepper's movement, burying her palm between her thick thighs and moaning aloud.

"I'm so glad you said that, I didn't want to be the only one," she said. Okoye was looking at them both with a mixture of disapproval and envy.

Right now, Pepper couldn't care less what Okoye thought. Her judgement wasn't welcome at a time like this, when all three women were fighting serious battles with their bodies. Feeling a powerful fart coming on, Pepper leaned forward slightly and raised one cheek to let it out. Red-faced, she fanned the air around her butt in a vague attempt to do something about the smell.

"Pepper, I'm in a lot of trouble," Nakia groaned, bouncing on the spot, "I don't have much longer".

"So go," Okoye said bluntly. The other two women looked at her in amazement. "Just go in your clothes. I can see that it's essentially happening already".

Nakia stared at her compatriot blankly. Deep inside, she knew Okoye was right. She could feel her shit pressurising, ready to escape. It was taking everything she had not to just let her ass erupt like a volcano. She knew that as soon as it started, there would be no stopping it- her bowels felt like a pressure cooker with an insecure lid. As she turned her head to look at Pepper, hoping to ask for some miracle solution, she realised that no words would come. Down there, between her thighs, it was starting.

"I'm having an accident!" she cried out, trying to warn the other women. It was only after the words were out of her mouth that she realised how dumb it sounded, how childish. Too late now, she thought dully. Pepper was shaking her head, lips tight.

"You can't, Nakia, please. If you do then it'll be too much for me,"

"I can't stop it, Pepper-"

"You have to, or I'll lose it too. Seeing people go always makes me need to go, ever since I was a kid," Pepper begged, "please hold on".

Nakia just looked at her with sad, wide eyes, and in that instant Pepper understood that it was over. The beautiful Wakandan lady removed her hands from her crotch in pure resignation- her crotch was already gleaming with the wetness of her first leaks. As Pepper and Okoye watched on in horror, a trickle escaped out of the bottom of that purple dress, running down her left ankle and into her shoe. In the moonlight coming through the window, it was as bright and visible as blood.

"I'm sorry!" Nakia wailed, "it's happening- oh, shit-"

At the instant she said that word, shit, the shit made its inevitable entrance. In the stunned silence of the trio of women, there was no sound that could mask the explosion of wet mess that came. It sounded like a bucket of sewage being tossed over a tarpaulin. It happened all at once, a water balloon popping inside her underwear. If not for that sound, the first Pepper would have known about the accident was the sight of brown slime splattering against her pristine office carpet, turning the sandy fabric a deep, murky shade. Her prediction had come true: the sight of Nakia losing control was setting her own desperation into it's final stage. She had no time to waste if there was any chance she might make it to the toilet. Her head was gone. There was no chance of thinking straight. Without a word, Pepper pushed past Nakia and opened her office door.

It was too late to turn back. Her accident- no, accidents- were starting and all she could do was get to the bathroom as quickly as possible and hope that by some miracle the line was gone. But the second she stepped into the party room, she realised how big a mistake she had made. It had been foolish, so optimistic, to think that she might make it in time. Once her control had abandoned her back in the office she had had a matter of seconds to make it to the bathroom, not minutes as she had prayed. In her hurry, she tripped on the edge of a rug and went sprawling. The noise alerted the crowd, who forgot all about May and turned to their hostess, lying spread-eagled on the ground.

Some of them noticed as early as that moment that something was wrong. A few near the front of the pack might even have spotted the growing brown bulge on the back of Pepper's otherwise spotless jumpsuit, but the woman herself had been stunned by the fall and adrenaline had taken over. That was why it wasn't until Pepper was getting groggily to her feet that she realised what was happening. After half an hour of denial, of squirming and writhing, grabbing and squeezing and praying, Pepper Potts was soiling herself.

She went to run away and found that she couldn't. The solid mass emerging from her pert bottom was like an anchor rooting her in place- or perhaps it was the fear that was freezing her legs. Behind her, the bulge kept expanding, pushing. She felt her panties reach their stretch limit and the poop begin to squish outwards to fit itself in. It crept up her back, around her thighs, between her legs and towards her pussy. Her bladder still ached, but as she came to her senses Pepper became dimly aware that she was pissing too now, unable as ever to poop without peeing. It was this accident that was the most visible to the guests in front of her, cascading down her legs and pooling around her feet. Her feet! Pepper jumped at the thought. These shoes were too expensive to be coated in her own piss. She leapt aside and it struck her that she could move her legs again, now that most of her shit was out there.

A quick look at the crowd was all it took to scare her into action. Bruce Banner, Clint Barton, Scott Lang. Countless more she recognised and a few she didn't- a man with long, black hair, a Wakandan friend of Nakia's- but all men. The one that hit her hardest was Peter Parker, cowering at the back of the room, looking mortified for her.

Unable to stand the stares any longer, Pepper turned and fled, using one hand to keep her mess from falling out and hitting the floor.

###

There weren't many rooms in the house which would be suitable for changing a teenager with a giant load in her pants, but Tony's study was probably the best thing available. And so that was where Carol took Kamala, leading the tearful girl down the steps with a gentle arm.

"Okay, don't worry, kid. We're gonna clean you up and it'll be like nothing ever happened, right?"

Kamala nodded at this, but she didn't look like she really believed it.

"How much did you do?"

"Just- just one bit," Kamala muttered, clearly mortified to be asked such a graphic question.

"Just one?" Carol glanced down again at the enormous bulge, which looked to her eyes like at least three Carol-sized turds, "are you sure?"

"I'm s-sure. It's always just one," Kamala blushed.

"Okay, well, that shouldn't be too bad. We find a place to dump your log, grab you some clean panties and you'll be as good as new".

It occurred to Kamala then that Carol didn't realise she was still desperate to piss. And why should she? After all, Kamala had been far too shy to tell her idol that she had to go number one. It was bad enough messing herself in front of Carol. Now, it was abundantly clear that Carol needed to know that Kamala was a few moments away from wetting herself. And yet the words just wouldn't come. She couldn't bring herself to tell this gorgeous, strong blonde that she was about to have a second accident. Kamala didn't mind talking about it with someone like Shuri, but around adults like Carol she just felt too shy. Maybe if I just hold it in...

Even as she was thinking it, Kamala knew that it was an incredibly unlikely scenario. In the time it would take to dispose of the shit in her panties, find a clean pair and get back to the bathroom, she would surely lose control. Before she could find the courage to suck it up and tell Carol the truth, though, the woman picked up a discarded cardboard shoebox she had spotted on the floor.

"Here! Perfect. Just empty it out into this, and we stick it in the trash. Nobody will ever notice".

"Are you sure?" Kamala asked dubiously. Using Mr. Stark's boxes as secondary toilets seemed borderline rude, even if the situation was desperate.

"Yeah, why not?"

It was too tempting to pass up. Kamala didn't want to take another step with that heavy load between her legs, especially as she was starting to worry that it might come into contact with her crotch. So she took the shoebox from Carol's outstretched hand and placed it between her legs, squatting down awkwardly.

"You don't have to be here for this," Kamala said. But Carol gave her a look of the most sincere care that she felt suddenly calmer.

"Don't worry about it, Kamala. I know how it feels not to make it".

Kamala peeled off her jeans and watched as the enormous log toppled into the shoebox. It was almost as long as it's container and at least an inch thick. Kamala stood up, pulling up her bottoms, and realised that Carol was staring at the turd.

"Christ, it's a good thing you're so..."

"Stretchy?" Kamala suggested.

"Yeah".

They headed upstairs, closed shoebox in hand. Pepper and Tony's bedroom was on the right- Carol had already been there once before, to find spare panties for herself earlier. As she fished through Pepper's underwear drawer in search of something that would fit Kamala, the young woman stood quietly in the corner, bobbing up and down anxiously. She really had to pee, but didn't want to squirm in front of her hero. She just couldn't admit it now- it was too late. Instead she contented herself with sneaking quick squeezes of her pussy behind Carol's back, crossing one leg over the other every few seconds. The desperate urge to piss had snowballed into a peak since she'd lost her bowel control, and now it was about to be released.

"Kamala?" Carol asked quietly. Kamala froze. It was a tone that reminded her of her mother after she'd caught her daughter doing something bad.

"Yes?" she croaked.

"You know I've been able to see you in this mirror the whole time, right?"

Kamala froze. Her life was over. Her biggest idol had been watching her squirm and dance and grab her vagina like a baby for damn near a minute and she'd had no idea. Carol turned slowly towards Kamala, holding a lacy pair of pink underwear in one hand. She shut the drawer behind her and approached the speechless girl.

"Why didn't you tell me you had to pee so bad?"

"I'm sorry! I was too embarrassed and-" Carol stepped forwards and shushed her with a finger on her lips.

"No time to talk about it, you look like you're about to burst. Just put these in your pocket and let's get downstairs, okay?"

Kamala nodded miserably, taking the spare underwear in her pocket. Wordlessly, both women understood that there was no point in Kamala changing up here- not if she was likely to piss herself before she got to the bathroom.

When they had completed the agonising trip back down the stairs and towards the toilet, all Kamala could do was pray that there would be nobody in the bathroom when she got there. She should've known better than to hope for the best- the door was still locked shut, and now just Natasha and Jane Foster stood outside. Before either had spotted Kamala and Carol, Jane swore loudly. She didn't look good- Thor's girlfriend was doubled over, both hands wedged between her crotch so high up it was surprising they weren't inside of her.

"Fuck, I just leaked again. A lot," Jane moaned, but she quietened down quickly when she saw Kamala approaching. Nat turned- as well as she could with her legs twisted together like a pretzel- and saw a half-naked Carol Danvers and a humiliated Kamala Khan.

"Kamala, hey. You ok?" Nat asked kindly. Kamala wanted to stutter out a response, but couldn't bring herself to tell yet another personal hero the truth. Carol explained for her.

"The poop is in here-" she held up the closed shoebox- "and the kid is bursting to pee".

"Ah," Natasha said, "well, Shuri just said she only needs another few seconds. She should be out-" the door latch clicked open and a mortified, but very relieved, Shuri emerged, "- any second now".

But Kamala hadn't so much as started moving towards the bathroom before Jane Foster sprinted in front of her. For a sweet second, she could see the toilet, glimmering beautifully. She could see relief, picture herself unleashing that pent-up stream onto the porcelain. All that was gone the moment Jane entered the room. She turned briefly to Natasha and Kamala, who felt betrayed beyond belief.

"I'm sorry, ladies, but I'm peeing myself right now," she panted, and shut the door.

"No!" Kamala yelled into the wall. She turned to Carol, tears in her eyes. "That's it. She's screwed me," she whined, backing up towards the wall. "I'm screwed," she repeated, panic rising. She could feel the pee beginning to trickle out at long last- that sighting of the toilet had activated some signal in her brain that had told her bladder to let loose. "Oh, crap, please... it's happening".

In the final seconds before she lost all control, Kamala looked desperately around at the women in the hallway. Shuri, looking like she wanted so badly to help but couldn't. Natasha, grabbing her butt with one hand and her crotch with the other. Carol, watching with sympathetic eyes.

"You almost made it, kid," Carol said quietly, "it's okay".

Kamala began to pee her pants.

###

The kitchen had only grown darker by the time Jemma stumbled back in to the emptiness. Just twenty minutes ago she had been here with Peggy, watching her compatriot on the brink of an unstoppable accident. Since then she'd wandered the building, looking for anywhere- anywhere at all- that she could go. But there was nowhere suitable, or at least nowhere quiet enough. She'd come extremely close to having a poo in a shoebox in Tony's study but the sound of footsteps had startled her and she'd dashed off before anyone caught her. Now here she was, back where she'd started, just glad above all else to have somewhere private to squirm and dance.

And that was certainly what she was doing, not that she would have been able to stand still if she tried. There was more than one wet spot on the front of her knickers and she was convinced the back wasn't clean either. As she stood, something that could only be described as a 'double-breach' escaped: a painful fart shot out of her bum, and the force of it caused a spurt of strong-smelling pee to squirt from her vagina and into the crotch of her pants. She had had desperate days before, in the labs or working for S.H.I.E.L.D., but this was a new level- and weeing in a swimming pool wasn't an option this time.

The advantage of blissful privacy was always short-lived, and before very long at all Jemma heard footsteps behind her. She wasn't looking forward to turning around. She could deal with Peggy seeing her in this state, but someone like May or Carol was another matter entirely. It was a huge relief to see the familiar face of Daisy Johnson slipping into the room. It was even more of a relief that she looked just as busting as Jemma. Right hand jammed in her crotch, the woman they sometimes called Quake gave a sheepish grin that barely disguised the discomfort in her eyes.

"How are you holding up?" she asked. In response, Jemma simply turned around and gave the other woman a perfect view of the shining wet patch on her crotch.

"I think this answers your question," Jemma said, gesturing towards the indigo stain across her once light trousers. Daisy managed to remove her own hand for long enough to show Jemma a near-identical patch on her own clothes.

"We match!" she said dryly. The opening exchange had done plenty to break the ice, and now Daisy was moving closer to the centre of the room, closer to Jemma. In other circumstances she would have been deeply embarrassed that this super-powered lady was in a room that undoubtedly stunk of farts, but tonight? Tonight it was going to take a lot more than usual to embarrass Jemma. She'd already received word by text that Pepper and at least two others hadn't made it. She'd watched as poor Peggy went to the toilet in her clothes and watched more closely than she cared to admit as Steve Rogers did his best to clean her up. A few stale farts were nothing compared to that.

"And how about... you know..."

"The other end?" Jemma suggested brightly, and Daisy nodded. "I'll show you mine if you show me yours".

Daisy whirled around obediently, showing off a noticeable bulge on the seat of her pants. Jemma's jaw dropped at the sight of it.

"Is that..." she stammered, struggling to believe that Daisy hadn't shit herself yet.

"Not yet," Daisy breathed, "it's poking out but I'm still hanging on, just. I really need to get to the bathroom right now, though".

"Fat chance of that happening," Jemma muttered, "I popped my head around the corner a minute ago, nobody saw me but the line is still there. Jane and Natasha, and it looks like Kamala's back too. And Carol wasn't wearing any trousers, but let's ignore that for now- ooh!"

The noise that had cut off her sentence was one of serious pain- yet another cramp had seized her, grabbed her hard by the sides and squeezed. Everything but her self-respect was fighting to push her poo out.

"You don't look good, Jem, are you going to be okay?"

"I don't feel good," Jemma felt like she was surely stating the obvious, "It's gonna come out soon at both ends if something miraculous doesn't happen".

"Well... I showed you mine..." Daisy teased.

"Fine! A deal is a deal". Jemma sighed and twisted on the spot. Rising from her smooth bottom, accentuated under tight fabric, was a tiny tent where she was touching cloth. It wasn't as defined as Daisy's, but still enough to suggest that she was also in serious need of a bathroom. It felt good, weirdly, to be sharing these things with Daisy. It made Jemma feel a lot less shy and a lot less alone. At once, an idea struck her and she recklessly decided to roll with it- in for a penny, in for a pound, she thought. "Speaking of bulges..."

She turned back towards Quake and lifted her top. Daisy gasped audibly. The incredible volume of pee that Jemma was barely holding in was causing her stomach to stretch out immensely. If Daisy didn't know, she would have guessed that Jemma was a few months pregnant.

"My God, Jemma, that's huge- it can't be safe walking around like that!" she spluttered. Dancing from side to side, Jemma shook her head.

"Probably not, but I don't have another choice!"

"Pee your pants! That's your other choice. You're gonna get hurt!" Daisy cried. It was a lot harder, Jemma reflected, to take medical advice seriously when it came from a woman who was farting several times a minute.

"I can't just wee myself if I want to be taken seriously by Tony Stark," Jemma pointed out, "And besides, you're one to talk, with a poo the size of a microwave sticking out your bum".

Daisy saw her point; she backed off a little. "You're right, you're right, of course. I just don't want you injuring yourself".

"Nor you, mate," Jemma said.

"I don't think it's just this, either," Daisy said grimly, "I think this bit is acting a plug and there's gonna be some sort of runny explosion once it's out- too much information?" she asked, because Jemma was pulling a face.

"Hmm? Oh, no, share away... it's just- I don't think I can do this much longer,"

"Pee or poop?" Daisy asked.

"Both!"

"Which one more?"

"Probably poo," Jemma admitted after some thought. She was eyeing up the sink again, the one she and Peggy had playfully suggested using earlier- only this time it wasn't a joke. She would do anything to avoid messing herself. Daisy had followed her gaze- she was far too smart not to figure out what was happening.

"Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Daisy asked slowly.

"It might be the only way..."

"No, I agree," she sighed, "I'm not happy about it but we're out of options here".

Jemma looked longingly at the shimmering silver sink. Was she seriously considering going to the loo in it? A churning in her stomach gave her the answer- yes, yes she was, because that was a feeling she'd felt before. It was a signal that meant she had no more than a couple of minutes to get to the bathroom before, ready or not, she would go to the bathroom. But there was still something holding her back, one last bit of inhibition. Maybe if she could see someone else do it first, she wouldn't be so self-concious.

"You go first," she said decisively.

"Are you sure?" Daisy said, sounding secretly grateful but not wanting to be too eager, "I think I can hold it for another minute or so if you want to go first".

"Just go, I promise I don't mind," Jemma insisted.

"Ok, thank fuck you said that," Daisy moaned, moving towards the sink and already wrestling with her buttons, "because I was lying about being able to hold it".

###

Jane couldn't even hang on long enough to get the door locked. The second she was safely out of sight of the other women, her bladder simply gave up. She didn't know whether it was the proximity to the toilet that had done it, or the knowledge that nobody could see her anymore, or perhaps her long-suffering muscles had finally had enough. Whatever the reason, her jeans were already getting a soaking by the time the latch was sealed.

"Fuck, no, not again," she muttered under her breath, wrestling with her zipper. It was warm and slippery, and she didn't need to be a scientist to figure out that the lubricant was her own piss. She had to look at her crotch to try and get the zip down, but Jane really would have preferred to be looking anywhere else in the room. It wasn't a pretty sight.

The wet patch was spreading like wildfire, drenching the fabric around her thighs, knees and ankles easily. She was sure that her butt was taking a similar soaking, By the time the zipper eventually came undone, it was far too late- at least a third of her bladder capacity was currently running down her legs and pooling on the bathroom floor. In one last desperate push to salvage some self-respect, Jane tried her best to clamp off the flow long enough to transition from standing to sitting on the toilet, but it was no good.

Her pee had been dying to come out for so long, and now it refused to be stopped, even for a few seconds. Unwilling to waste any more time wetting everything from her toenails to her pubic hair, she aggressively tore down the jeans and spun to sit on the toilet. As predicted, some sprayed out of her suddenly-bare pussy and went everywhere before she could be seated. In that mad flash of panic, Jane saw drops of her own liquid gold on the floor, the walls and the toilet seat. On another day the humiliation would have killed her.

None of that mattered as soon as her bare butt hit the plastic seat. From the moment she finally gave herself permission to let it out, Jane couldn't care less about the tiles; all she cared about was that she was finally able to relieve herself. She'd never been so desperate in her life before, and while she hadn't exactly made it, getting at least some of the pee in the toilet felt like a minor victory. Later, she'd feel terrible about the way she'd cut in front of poor Natasha and Kamala, but now she was concerned about only two things: one was her ruined clothes, and the other was the astonishing feeling of near-orgasmic pleasure she felt from the relief of finally peeing. The sound of her piss hitting the water in the bowl wasn't getting any softer- she still felt mostly full. The room smelt faintly of shit, which she guessed Shuri could explain.

She may not have made it to the bathroom in time, but Jane Foster had managed not to completely embarrass herself in front of the others, and that counted for something.

###

*002*2020-09-14 00:55

Here's the rest of the story! Thanks to @Toasty for kindly commissioning me to finish it! Enjoy!

###

Daisy hobbled up to the sink and managed just in time to slide down her bottoms just enough. The turd that stuck precariously from her butt teetered and came dangerously close to breaking off into her panties as she got them off. She couldnt care less that Jemma could surely see the entirety of her toned ass (not to mention the heavy, solid load turtleheading out). Feeling the last grasp on her self-control slipping, Daisy put both hands on the counter and pushed herself up, spinning in-motion to ensure her tight hole was hovering over the sink.

If she had waited for just a few seconds longer, she wouldnt have made it. Almost instantly a hosepipe jet of pee started spraying out and into the empty metal sink, bouncing off the surface with a sound like rain on a tin roof. At the other end, her hole started stretching even more until the widest part of her log was out, and then the rest of it rushed forth, accelerating in its escape until it hit the sink and started coiling up beneath her. An insuppressible moan drifted from her mouth, overwhelmed by the relief of letting it all out. It was only slightly marred by a feeling of hot shame and guilt that she was taking a dump in the sink of one of the richest men in the world. The powerful feeling of release was comparable to being drunk, and she barely noticed the impact that her display was having on Jemma.

The English girl was stood a few feet away, shaking with the effort of holding it in. Sweat meant her hair was plastered to her forehead. The smell of her farts was stronger than ever. She couldnt take her eyes off of Daisy. It was impossible for Jemma to look away from her colleagues exposed pussy, the crown between her pale spread thighs, which hissed and rushed and sprayed uncontrollably. Behind it a second turd was hanging from between her cheeks, dangling on the verge of breaking off like a snake coming out of a cave behind a waterfall. As she stared, it fell onto the huge pile beneath Daisys butt. There was something incredibly strange about seeing that smooth, pure bottom doing something so dirty. The sink was beginning to fill with pee- the plug mustve been left in! Jemma could see the water level (or was that the wee level?) rising, starting to pick up chunks of poop which floated at the surface. Surely there was no way Daisy could overflow it?

Not that Jemma had much time to contemplate that fact- not if she wanted to avoid an accident of her own. All that she could think about was how badly she needed a poo, and how close it was to just falling out into her knickers.

Holy shit, Jemma, this feels incredible! Daisy moaned as she continued to relieve herself.

Daisy, please hurry, Jemma pleaded, Im pooing myself, I can feel it!

Im sorry, Jem! Try and hold on, Ill be as quick- she paused as a loud fart squelched out of her and hit the mess below- as quick as I can!

How long will you need? Jemma asked, worry in her eyes.

How long can you hold it?

Like, twenty seconds- she moaned, a cramp overwhelming her, twenty seconds or Im going to shit myself. How long until you get off there?

Daisy looked at her, eyes wide. She still had what felt like litres of piss and several logs inside her. She wanted desperately to help Jemma but there was no way she could finish in time.

Daisy, Jemma begged, how long?

At least a minute, Daisy said guiltily.

That did it for Jemma Simmons. Her body simply gave in.

It started with the final exit of the log that had been poking out of her hole for the best part of half an hour and now could be restrained no longer. It slid in seconds from her bum and nestled in her tight panties, feeling hot and sticky and hard all at once. The force of her anus stretching open was enough to put an end to her efforts to clench her urethra tight, too. Pee started seeping through the gaps between her fingers, no matter how hard her fingers were gripping her crotch. Her load felt enormous, extremely solid and far too large to be contained by her panties. Jemma could do nothing to stop it. She simply stood there, still watching Daisys half-naked form emptying out of both ends, still emptying out of both ends herself in the messiest way possible. She had held on for so long, but it had been too much. The biggest accident of Jemma Simmons life was forming in her underwear and there was nothing she could do.

Daisy was starting to come to her senses, and she realised what had happened. She smelled Jemmas accident before she looked up and saw it. Immense guilt washed over her.

Oh, Jemma, Im sorry, she said sincerely. Jemma took a step or two closer to the sink, turning just enough to show Daisy that she had, indeed, lost control for good. For her part, Daisy was almost done- she had pushed out her final log, and the pee was coming out now in erratic, forced squirts. She could feel something poking at one cheek of her bum and realised that it was a piece of poop that had floated up. Jemma looked back up at her and sighed, and Daisy was sure she saw the small, scrunched-up effort of pushing out a poop on her face.

Its not your fault, mate, Jemma said, at least one of us made it.

I wouldnt say you have it worse than me either.

How so?

Well, you dont have to figure out how to clean shit out of Tony Starks sink, Daisy said.

###

Okoye couldnt move. She couldnt think straight. She could hear the sounds of commotion outside, in the main room of the mansion, but was powerless to go see what it was about, let alone do anything to help. Nakia had left her alone in the office, leaving a steaming pile of pee and poop on the sandy carpet behind. Okoye didnt want to look at it, didnt want to even smell it, but it couldnt be helped. The raw, thunderous scent of shit filled the room and her nostrils, leaving her desperation more intense than ever.

There was a raging storm of conflict whirling around Okoyes mind like a tornado. She was Okoye, one of the strongest warriors in the world, and that reputation didnt come cheap. It cost a lifetime of dedication to preserving the image. And pooping her pants was not part of the aesthetic she wanted to portray. There had been other times like this, of course there had. Times in Wakanda, mostly, or out in battle, when she hadnt had the chance to go. The urge became a desperate need quickly, but Okoye couldnt show it. And when the time had come that she couldnt hold it any longer she would find the nearest bathroom and let it go, often barely making it in time. Her movements were always huge, solid and stinky. They werent the kind of thing she would ever willingly release in front of another human being.

And yet there was a part of her that wanted to just let it go. After all, she couldnt walk at that moment in time. She couldnt make it to the bathroom in this party, no chance. And even if she did, wouldnt there still be a line? Surely shed soil herself waiting for the bathroom. No better to do it here, in a private place where she could be left alone with her shame. It was do dishonourable, so un-Okoye, but she was a woman who knew when a battle could not be won. As she stood like a statue, feeling the first of her typically enormous logs starting to poke out from between toned cheeks, she could confirm that this was a fight she was destined to lose. Better to go out with dignity than try and fail.

Okoye closed her eyes, relaxed her muscles and shit her pants. It didnt happen gradually or painfully, it just happened: one minute her underwear was empty, the next it was sagging and bulging with the mass of half a dozen big brown logs. They pushed through her, stretching out her tight anus at an almost alarming rate. Some part of her, maybe subconscious or maybe not, had always favoured loose underwear for this reason- tight panties would never contain one of her accidents, should she ever have one. In that moment she was very glad for that decision. The smell was awful, foul, almost animalistic, but she didnt care.

By the time her poop finally finished coming out, Okoye of Wakanda was exhausted. She lifted one arm and placed the palm flat on the wall, leaning against it for support. That movement caused the mass in her underwear to shift slightly; she felt one solid turd come dangerously close to touching her most private place. It was going to be a nightmare, she realised, getting rid of all this mess.

###

The sight of Kamala peeing herself was far too much for Natasha to take. Her limit had been reached, engulfing her in a fiery desperation that simply wouldnt be held back any longer. She backed away with a whimper, looking around for some sort of exit, some way to get out so she could have her accident in peace. There was no exit. No way out.

At that moment, as if by some miracle, the door clicked open and Jane slipped out of the bathroom. She was red in the face, no doubt overcome with shame from her selfish act of cutting in. But Natasha didnt care, not right then. All she knew was that the bathroom door had opened and she could finally get some relief.

She didnt realise until her hand was on the handle that it had opened a few seconds too late. Just as she took that first step into the bathroom, her body froze up, cramps taking over from the stomach all the way to the toes. It was like everything below her boobs was immobilised by the pain of holding it for so long, and now, at last, her brain had taken over and decided to take matters into its own hands. Nat was overwhelmed with the urge to push and she did. Bending over slightly, the spy finally gave in to her instincts, forcing the hot, heavy shit into her underwear in a manic rush. The dam of her crotch broke, too, as shed known it would. Pee started gushing down her legs, pooling half on the bathroom floor and half on the corridor carpet.

Natasha was acutely aware of the eyes on her, but none of them seemed able to look away. She couldnt really blame them; the famous Black Widow pissing and shitting her pants was a sight to see. And still the poop kept coming, forming a tent in the back of her pants, filling the room with just the latest in what had been a long line of terrible smells. Kamala, Carol, Jane all just watching with stunned expressions, all trying to look like they werent staring.

I was so close, Natasha groaned, gazing longingly at the toilet just a few feet away while pee kept dribbling down her thighs.

When Pepper came round the corner, holding a firm mass in the back of her underwear in place with one hand, nobody was surprised. She slipped into the bathroom without bothering to close the door, peeled down her knickers just enough and dumped several squashed brown logs into the toilet water with a splash. Nat added her own accident on top of Peppers, and Carol dropped Kamalas long, impossibly thick turd in from the shoebox she had been carrying.

Well, Nat said dryly, staring down at the shit of three different women piled together in the bowl, theres no way thats gonna flush.

###

Kamala was feeling something shed never felt before, as a kid or a young woman. She had to poop again, just a few minutes after losing a load in her underpants. It wasnt an experience she thought was even possible for her, not something shed had to deal with in her short life. Shed heard about it, though, the phenomenon of needing to go for a second time after a desperate accident. She supposed it had to be some kind of bowel aftershock. And it was getting more intense quickly.

They were gathered in an upstairs lounge, all thirteen women who had come to the party. Some were in completely different clothes to what they had arrived with, graciously lent out by Pepper, who herself had had to change. A few had just about managed to salvage their own outfits, including Jane Foster. The men were carrying on the party downstairs, as per Peppers instructions.

All thirteen women had had a rough night. Few more so, though, than Daisy Johnson and Jemma Simmons. Bruce Banner had walked in on them in the kitchen, one having used their sink as a toilet, one in soiled and stinking clothes. Daisy had needed twenty minutes to completely clean and disinfect the sink. Bruce had been so shocked at the sight that he had dropped his drink, which clattered to the ground and smashed.

Shuri was already back to her usual self. All sense of shame or even mild embarrassment had totally disappeared in no time, and before long she was back to making jokes and teasing Kamala, although Ms Marvel hadnt quite had the time yet to tell Shuri that she needed to take another dump badly. Shuri may not have been humiliated, but Melinda May certainly had. Apart from Pepper, nobodys accident had been more public than May, who had been forced to soil herself in front of every man in the room. She was eternally grateful that none of them were here now to remind her.

Okoye had come in from the garden a while later, wearing a new set of clothes and smelling fresh. Nobody dared ask where shed been or what shed been doing, but it was reasonable to assume she hadnt made it. As for Nakia- Tonys robots were working on getting the stain out of the office carpet at that very moment, and having a little more success than theyd managed outside the bathroom with Peggys poop.

Speaking of Peggy, once Steve had finally got most of the caked and drying poop off of her legs, she had slipped away from the others and gone to be alone. No-one had seen her for most of the night, but theyd found her eventually, sitting bottom-half-naked in the room in which they all now gathered.

Thinking of Peggys accident, the one that had started the chain reaction which had lead to almost all of them failing to make it to the bathroom in time, made Kamalas own need to poop suddenly even worse. She cramped up again; beads of sweat were forming slowly on her forehead from the heat inside her body. She realised that there would be no waiting for the bathroom to be cleaned up. She had to go back down there and relieve herself- now.

Kamala got to her feet queasily, having to lean on Shuri briefly for support when she almost stumbled. The Wakandangirl looked up and realised straight away that something was wrong from Kamalas expression.

Kam, whats wrong?

Every single woman in the room turned and stared. It would have been impossible not to hear her in what had beforehand been a deathly silent bedroom. Kamala stood in the middle of the pack, a frightened rabbit in a herd who thought the treat had passed. She didnt want to say it. Before tonight she would never have admitted it. It was too degrading, especially in front of Carol. And yet, after what theyd all been through that night, she didnt see the point in hiding the truth any longer.

I have to poop again, she mumbled. It was quiet, but everyone in the room made out the words.

Oh, honey, Carol said in a voice that was almost motherly, how bad?

Really bad, she moaned, feeling something heavy pushing towards her hole. It cant wait, she admitted.

Thats an aftershock, hun, Pepper said, going to her with concern, we have to get you to the bathroom.

Kamala stumbled towards the landing and in front of the staircase, with Pepper on one side and Carol to her left. They were determined not to let anyone else shit themselves tonight. But then, halfway down the thirteen carpeted steps-

Guys, its too late, Kamala wailed, shaking her head. Her eyes closed in resignation. Im sorry, its coming out.

She knew that the eyes of the women around her were watching her ass as she lost control, but there was nothing to be done about it. With a low crackling noise, the second turd of Kamalas evening began to grow longer and thicker and coil up in her panties. They werent flexible enough to hold the size of the mess- Kamala could feel it squishing and spreading across her buttcheeks. There was no chance of stopping the flow. A dribble of warm pee tricked from her clit and down the lips of her pussy, nestling among the logs between her legs. Frozen, she couldnt do much but wait to be empty. For the third time that night Kamala Khan had had an accident.

Finally, when the poop was completely out and the stench had overcome the stairwell, Carol lead her off once again to clean up again get changed. Pepper returned to the upstairs room, where ten sullen faces were looking up at her expectantly.

Did she make it? Asked Shuri, eyes wide. Pepper paused to think for less than a second, then put on her most persuasive voice and replied.

Yeah, she made it, she told them, and she could see that they believed her.

Lying to her guests wasnt the greatest feeling in the world, but Pepper knew that it was for a greater good.

Kamalas had a rough night, she told herself. Lets give her this one.

Yeah, she thought, lets give her this one.

END

