Designated Driver Isn't All Bad

Author: herrokitty

*000*2017-10-01 06:46

This story is totally fictional (given how unlikely it is) - mind the tags if you want to avoid anything you don't like.

I don't drink. When you're in college, this makes it hard to hang out with your friends. Chances are, that's the main and only way your friends socialize. I do have a car, though, so I get dragged along anyway - but as the designated driver. A glorified baby-sitter (except unpaid!), watching my friends reduced to children and be utterly no fun to be around. However, there is one advantage - people gotta go, and they're not as good at being adults about it.

Once, I was dragged out by my girlfriend, Claire, on just such an occasion. She wanted to catch up with some friends who were about to graduate and move away. I knew them already, which saved me from the excruciating introductory small talk that comes with bars. There was Hannah, a lanky and tall blonde woman who chopped her hair short and talked energetically with her hands, Melissa, a hard-nosed red-headed woman who was rather belligerent when drunk, and Jackie, a Latina woman with wavy hair. Of course, there was also my girlfriend, Claire - she was a mild-mannered black woman with beautiful curly hair.

While I knew all of them, they were more Claire's friend than mine, and I soon resorted to sitting at the bar nursing my shirley temple while looking on. While I was never a fan of rompers, I couldn't help but admire my girlfriend in hers, a silky, flower-patterned romper that accentuated her curves and teased me by seeming almost see-through when I checked out her butt. Her friends were lookers as well. Hannah was wearing a simple shirt and purple jeans, but her thin and athletic build showed through. Melissa wore a low-cut tan top and she also wore jeans, but they caught my eyes more than Melissa's, to be honest.. Claire was also often envious of Melissa's ass... something I pretended not to notice. Jackie wore a short dress that was zebra patterned, skin tight and showing off her ample curves.

It's not that I aim to objectify all my girlfriend's friends, but there was little else for me to do given my lack of interest in their discussion of the different hair products they used. Something about how it was unfair that black hair products were hidden away and overpriced or something. I should have probably paid attention, given which person I was dating. Oh well.

We soon left that bar... and the next bar... and the next bar... and eventually settled at one that had music. Now, I have to confess, not only am I not a drinker, but I'm not a dancer, either. It's shocking that I've ever gotten a girlfriend, in hindsight. So, again, I sat at the bar as the ladies danced the night away.

At some point, I checked my phone. It was midnight. We had been out for over four hours. That's when the secret part of my brain perked up - I don't think a single one of the women used the bathroom, yet. Claire's always had an iron bladder (unfortunately!), but four hours of drinking consistently means they probably had to go. Bad. However, I couldn't tell just looking at the girls dancing.

Actually... exactly as I looked, Melissa stopped in the middle of grinding with some guy and gave her crotch a discreet squeeze. She straightened up, said something to the guy, and walked to the bathroom. I followed her with my eyes and realized that there was a line out the door. She noticed as well and immediately turned to head to the bar, where I was.

I quickly turned to my water (I had moved on from the shirley temples... didn't want to drink too much sugar!) to pretend I wasn't watching. She came up next to me and I turned to her. "You good?" I asked her.

"Yeah... I just wanted a water after all that dancing."

So, playing it close to the chest, huh? Alright, I'll pretend I didn't notice anything. She waved the bartender down and asked for a water. While he poured her drink, she leaned over the bar and grimaced. I did my best to pretend not to look as I followed her legs with the corner of my eye - her right one bounced up and down before she aggressively crossed it.

Soon, though, I thought I smelled the acrid smell of a fart. Well, I say acrid, but an even deeper secret of mine is that the idea that a lady is desperate to poop is just as titillating. However, we were in a crowded bar with a dance floor. Any one of the hundred people could have been the perpetrator. I just couldn't shake the feeling it was Melissa, though... I glanced over and she was bent over her water at a strange angle.

She suddenly turned around and leaned her back against the bar. I looked at where she was looking and saw the rest of the squad come over. Jackie squealed, "We have to get a picture of all of us!"

Melissa looked less than pleased about the suggestion, but fortunately for her everyone else got around her so she didn't have to move. Jackie raised her phone to take a selfie before seeing me. "Oh! Could you take the picture?"

I dutifully saved them from selfie culture before returning to my water. I saw Melissa sneak out of the group to get in the bathroom line, which mercifully was much shorter now. I glanced at her butt again and couldn't help but think it was clenched rather tight... in the dark club, though, I couldn't see any evidence of her losing it, though. While I was vaguely disappointed she seemed to make it, I don't think I'd actually wish that kind of embarrassment on a friend.

A few minutes later, she returned and the ladies discussed going home. Claire asked me if I was willing to drive them home. I responded with a smile, "That is my job as the designated driver!"

I walked to the car alongside Claire with my arm around her as Melissa, Jackie, and Hannah walked behind us. Melissa's unwitting show over, I couldn't help but think that none of the others had gone, yet. This was quickly confirmed when I overheard Jackie say, "Man, I gotta go! I should have gone before we left." Melissa responded, "Nah, their bathroom was nasty. I regret using it."

I perked up, but that was the end of the discussion. When we got to the car, Claire sat up front (as is the rule - girlfriend always gets shotgun, remember!) while the three others piled on in the back. It was a 10 minute drive to Melissa's apartment, the ladies chatting happily as I concentrated on the downtown traffic and drunken pedestrians. I didn't pay much heed to the women except to notice Jackie crossing her legs quite a few times - including once where I got a glimpse of her black thong.

When we arrived at Melissa's, I pulled up on the curb she quickly thanked me and got out and walked around the front of the car. As she walked past the headlights, I glimpsed a darker patch on her thigh, going from her crotch to an inch down. Already vaguely horny from Melissa and Jackie's desperation, I quickly tried to focus on putting Hannah's address in my phone's GPS, since she lived closest. Fortunately for Melissa, I doubt anyone else, inebriated as they were, noticed.

Hannah lived in a house, so I pulled up to the driveway. As I came to a stop, I looked back at Hannah who seemed not to notice we had arrived. She was looking down while her legs were firmly crossed, both hands in her crotch. I pretended not to notice and coughed lightly. "We're here, Hannah."

She jerked her head up, surprised, then thanked me and opened the door. As she swung her right leg off her left leg and out the door, I could see a dark spot about the size of a golf ball on her crotch. Just as quickly, she exited the car and I was left uncomfortably aroused. She took the steps up to her front door and I couldn't help but notice again - was she clenching her ass as well? It was almost impossible to tell, but I swore...

Keeping an eye on her, I put in Jackie's address into my phone. I saw Hannah bend over and I glanced up to the house's front door. She had dropped her keys and bent over at the waist to pick it up. As she bent over, though, I saw it - a bulge formed and quickly grew. Additionally, the wet spot, which was previously invisible from this angle, grew and was an orange-sized ball from the bottom of her rear to her upper thighs.

She immediately straightened up and unlocked the door. Now it was less obvious, as it didn't seem like she let a whole load out, but I could tell there was a clementine-sized droop in the middle of her jeans. She hurriedly stepped into the house and closed the door behind her. I looked over at Claire and Jackie and saw that they were having an intense discussion about how non-white men needed to better support women of color. Happy to not get in the middle of that conversation and happy for Hannah for getting away with no one else noticing, I took off for Jackie's place.

Jackie had been demonstrably desperate the whole ride, and she comfortably declared, "If you don't get me home quick, I'm gonna pee on your seat."

I laughed nervously and pretended that I wasn't a little bit hoping for that. "We're almost there, don't worry."

Claire, usually quiet on these things, chimed in. "I might pee on your seat, too."

Now THAT caught my attention. I just hoped my erection wasn't noticeable... not that Claire would mind, but it'd be a hard one to explain. Get it? Hard one? ...sorry.

Anyway, I glanced over and Claire was indeed crossing her legs. Her romper was temptingly short and I felt like I could almost see her underwear... I quickly looked back to the road before I got us all killed.

When we pulled onto Jackie's road, I looked in the rear view mirror. Jackie, who was sitting in the middle and stayed there after everyone else had gotten out, was looking down at her crotch. I could just see it, as well, at the bottom of my mirror. She had stopped crossing her legs and had spread them to look down and pulled her dress up. The reason was that exactly as I looked, I saw a spurt shoot straight through her glistening thong (she must have already started to pee in them before I looked). She hurriedly closed her legs and grabbed the edge of the seat and seemed to bore her rear into the seat.

Trying my hardest to concentrate, I pulled up across from Jackie's apartment. She gave me a quick thank you and practically leapt out the left-hand seat. I couldn't help but look at her legs as she walked away and I saw rivulets rolling down her legs. As she got to the sidewalk, though, she paused, and that's when I saw a small turd fall out from her dress. I remembered she was wearing a thong and realized that wasn't gonna hold anything back. She quickly got moving again and got to her apartment front door, leaving behind a trail of piss. As the glass door closed behind her, I saw another turd bounce off her thigh and onto the ground. She turned right and out of sight.

Claire interrupted my trance. "What are you looking at?"

"I... uhh.. just making sure Jackie got home."

She playfully slapped my hand. "You were checking her out, weren't you? It's fine, I'd check her out, too, if I was you..."

I thought fast. "Why would I check her out when I can look at you?" I pecked her a kiss on the cheek.

She laughed. "Smooth recovery. Let's go home, I wasn't joking about peeing on your seat."

I moved my attention from my now raging horniness to driving. It was a fifteen minute drive to our apartment, and concentrating was made all the harder by Claire's incessant leg jiggling.

At one point, she crossed them and leaned forward. "I have to confess something..."

"Yeah?"

"I actually really have to poop as well. You don't think I'm gross for saying that?"

I was in euphoria, actually. "What? Of course not, everyone poops. I'm honestly shocked y'all didn't use the bathroom all night."

She groaned. "I know, actually, I thought I was going to pee right on the dance floor. Also, I'd get close to a guy, let a fart out, then quickly dance to a different spot."

I looked at her as if I had never seen her before. "What?!" I had never heard such details from Claire, quiet and introverted as she usually was.

"I'm sorry, TMI?"

"No, no, it's fine, I just haven't heard you talk about that before."

"Yeah, well, it's not gonna be talk if we don't get home soon..."

"Don't worry. I love you even if you smell like farts."

She responded sarcastically, "Wow, that's the most romantic thing you've ever said."

"I'm a poet, I try."

We got to my apartment. I pulled into the gravel parking lot in the back and turned the car off. I opened the door but didn't hear Claire do the same. I looked over and she was frozen in place, hunched over. "You okay?"

"If I move, it's gonna come outta both ends."

I quickly got out (hoping my erection wasn't too obvious when I stood) and opened her door for her. I, of course, wanted to see her have an accident, but first and foremost I wanted to support her, even if that means my fantasies, so close to completion, wouldn't happen. I extended my hand. She took it, took a deep breath, and got out. I shut the door and she squealed, running to the back door. I followed her and saw why she squealed. I trail of piss went halfway down her left leg. As she got to the door, I saw a new trail follow it, this time going all the way to her sandals. Her romper did nothing to soak the pee as more urine rolled down her legs, squirting out every few seconds or so. She stomped in place as I pulled out the key. "Quick! I'm pissing myself!"

I unlocked the door and she ran in and ran up the stairs. I was on the second story and had to unlock that door, as well. My eyes were glued to her butt as I followed her up the narrow stairs. Halfway up, I saw her cheeks unclench as she started peeing in earnest. I heard a high-pitched fart as a tiny bulge popped out, her tight and thin romper showing every detail. She didn't stop running up the stairs as it grew from the size of the tip of a finger to a golf ball. By the time I got to the door, she was bent over and it was the size of an orange. A puddle was forming around her. I quickly got the door open and she stepped in, stopped, and groaned. I saw that she was no longer peeing - she must have emptied herself already. After groaning, her bulge rapidly grew double its size, straining her romper. It pushed the legs back so that I could see her white boyshorts, the crotch stained yellow and the back tinted brown. She turned to me, defeat in her eyes.

I hugged her. "Don't worry. Accidents happen. I don't think any less of you and I love you."

Her eyes showed her gratefulness, but then she furrowed her brows. "What's wrong?" I asked.

"Why do you have a boner?"

"Uuh..."

THE END

Bonus: Melissa at the Club

This takes place while the protagonist is checking Melissa out as she dances.

Melissa groaned inwardly. She had to poop - badly. There was no way she could poop at a bar bathroom, though. They were disgusting and sometimes didn't even have any privacy. The lady solidarity in women's bathrooms was nice, but she doubted it extended to her stinking up the place.

As she thought this while dancing, she realized she let a fart loose. Horrified, she hoped the guy grinding on her didn't notice and she turned and shouted, "I'm gonna get a drink" and quickly headed to the bathroom. However, before she got there, she saw the line of over fifteen ladies and decided to make good on her excuse.

When she ordered her water, though, another cramp came through and she bent over. She had to pee, as well, but it was her stomach that was taking her attention. She knew she couldn't hold back any longer and let another fart through. She could hear this one, a booming one, and her ears turned red with embarrassment before she realized that no one else could hear over the music. She quickly tried to look normal drinking her water, failing miserably as she nursed her stomach. As she let out another fart, she realized that a turd began to escape along with it. She straightened up and turned around, feeling it touch her underwear and then stop as it touched cotton. She remembered she debated wearing a thong to avoid a panty line, but she was glad she went with full cut panties now... not that she was planning on this.

She saw the girls come over. Hopefully this meant we were leaving soon, she thought. Her hopes were dashed when Jackie demanded a picture. She refused to move from the bar, though, and the other girls stood by her as the picture was taken. As it was being taken, though, Melissa could feel her poop moving again, the first turd curling up and settling in her underwear. She was far from done, though, and ears burning, she made her escape to the bathroom line, now thankfully only four people.

Every step felt like an eternity. She realized, too, she had let out a spurt when she pooped, and the dampness rubbed against her. She got in line without any mishaps, though, and tried her best to not look desperate as she stood with her legs crossed. As each person did their business, she shuffled closer, but when she was next in line, she felt her anus opening. Frozen, she didn't know what to do as yet another turd started to snake out. It pushed her panties and jeans back before the tightness of her jeans stopped it. Another spurt of urine came out, soaking her red panties and getting to her jeans. She glanced behind, but no one was in line behind her. She knew there had to be a bulge, but she hoped the darkness of the club kept her safe.

A minute of sheer terror passed before the person left the bathroom and she entered. Thankfully, it was a single room bathroom with a lock. She breathed a sigh of relief and unbuttoned her jeans. The moment she pulled them down just a little, her poop continued to move and fill up the new space. She pulled her jeans down to her knees as the second turd finally settled. She felt more poop on the way but couldn't figure out how to get her panties down safely. As her anus opened up yet again, she just sat down and finished her poop in her underwear, letting out another squirt as well. Finished, she gingerly lowered her underwear and dumped the contents in, also letting the rest of her pee out.

She hurriedly wiped as much poop off her underwear as possible and off her butt, but there was no way to make it completely clean. She pulled her dirty panties back up, grimacing at feeling the poop still, then pulled her jeans up, flushing the evidence away. She looked at her butt in the mirror and saw no evidence, thankfully. She checked her crotch and found a small spot, but she was confident no one would notice. Washing her hands thoroughly, she then left the club and hoped they would leave soon.

