Michelle Jones‘s Desperation: A Spider-Man Far From Home FanFiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-01-03 21:54

On the Europe school trip, which was six years later after the Blip and on this trip Peter was drawn to Michelle’s bathroom habits. Throughout the trip he discovered that he realised he had a crush on MJ. Before the snap or which some people call the blip happened, the same thing happened towards another girl at his school and that was Liz Toomes. He started to notice Liz’s accidents and this unlocked a bit of a secret to him, which made him attracted to a fetish that consists of wetting and desperation of girls.

One thing he hoped for is that MJ would be exactly like Liz a sexy girl with a small bladder. To Peter the reality of this trip came true, which was that MJ would exactly be like how he remembered Liz by her accidents. Peter Parker’s favourite part of the trip was the flight from New York to Venice and to tell you why, we’ll it’s darn simple. Pete went to use the airplane bathroom and when he opened the door stood MJ looking like she needs to go so bad. Parker quickly shuts the door and starts pretending to clean the toilet seat, as a way to make MJ wait longer.

Michelle was getting frustrated she quietly spoke in an angry voice “Peter please hurry up I’ve got go!” There was no reply back from Peter and this infuriated MJ. It was just in a matter of seconds when Michelle Jones first felt a squirt escape her and immediately looked around, no one was awake so that was great she could grab herself like a young girl without anyone looking at her. She bent over slightly and jammed her hands into her crotch, she grabbed her crotch area of her black jeans and started doing the pee pee dance. The thought of a 18 year old acting like a little kid was embarrassing to herself and aim to get a stronger bladder. She now was feed up with Parker and banged on the door and quietly said “Hurry up Peter... please.”

Again no reply but inside that bathroom Peter was getting all excited about this, but the one who he is getting excited for isn’t too happy with this predicament. Just then another wave hit Spidey’s crush and made her scream a bit, Miss Jones was getting scared about wetting herself now because it was on its last legs. She couldn’t use the bathroom behind her because some person has been in there since the start of her desperation and she wouldn’t make it if she walked to the other bathroom where Pete and Ned were originally seated. She was not one of those girls who would rush back to their seat and use something else as a toilet, she would definitely not use the sick bag as a device to pee in nor will she use the blanket the plane provided to pee on.

There was no other choose, but the option she definitely does not like, and that was wetting herself right now and having a so called “accident”. She took a deep breath in and with out any hesitations she started peeing, her golden stream bolted out from her pussy and ran into her pink panties and which soaked both the front and the back.

She couldn’t help it but she moaned softly about her accident, the only person who heard it was Peter and by the sounds of MJ made him sexually attracted to her, which made Spider-Man quite aroused. The stream died down shortly after that and she actually enjoyed being wet after the embarrassment she took upon. Luckily her jeans were black and didn’t show much of the accident, but can you imagine if she wasn’t wearing black jeans and everyone would make fun of her but not the one who forced her to do this.

The wet MJ went back to her seat and smiled to herself because of what Mr Parker did to her and after her enjoyment, Mr Parker left the bathroom leaving Brad to go after him.

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-01-10 20:16

After landing in the beautiful city of Venice the teachers and students went on a gondola, while on it Peter kept looking at MJ the whole time and act shy when she looked back at him. All she could was smile, this is a way for MJ to thank Peter for the airplane incident, where she full on pissed herself for Mr Parker. Thanks to her friend she has new kink and that is wetting. Michelle couldn’t wait until she was older and could please her friend everyday. The gondola arrived where the hotel was and everyone got off and proceeded to the hotel. Upon arriving, the teachers found out that they were early to see the rooms so they let the staff there handle the luggage.

The teachers announced that everyone will be going to the Venice markets and to bring money if they want buy things. While walking around the city was experiencing a heatwave and every student was buying water. Michelle Jones was the person who brought more water than anyone, a few minutes later Peter decided to buy that necklace for his girlfriend, Miss Jones as part of his plan in Paris. But on the way to the shop Peter Parker caught a good glimpse of MJ buying something and she incredibly desperate to pee and with her legs swaying side to side while doing the pee pee dance. As Parker looked he must of thought that she was incredibly embarrassed with her urge to urinate, he then left to buy the necklace.

Just then some water monster arrived in the city, a scared Michelle Jones look horrified at the monster and letting drops of pee fall into her panties, she stopped to realise how desperate she really was. Yeah today thought was not a good time to go pee with a water creature attacking Venice as you run for dear life. The monster let out a vicious roar and sent water onto the city, Spider-Man’s girlfriend and everyone else got wet as our desperate schoolgirl felt she was peeing herself while the water splashed on her, but she quickly regained control and had to hold herself for dear life.

She then decided to start running away from the monster from any watery attacks that can make her soaked and wet herself in a soaking wet jeans. Later on a hero known as Mysterio arrived and tried to fight off the creature’s attacks and even Spidey tried to help to and it resulted in the mysterious superhero slaying this beast. Everyone went back to the hotel as when finally inside caught another glimpse of his girlfriend running straight for the bathroom. Peter couldn’t help but wonder if she peed a little out of fright. Actually, given that it was a water monster, everyone in Venice were all soaked and she could have wet herself without anyone knowing. The thought kept Peter awake.

Upon arriving in the girl’s bathroom Michelle grabbed any available stall and yanked her wet jeans off, then her damp panties and finally plonked her sexy ass onto the toilet seat. In matter of five seconds she could feel the sound of sweet relief as her golden hot pee was realised from her aching pussy and moaning quietly. Spidey was to intrigued with his girlfriend’s desperation that sneakily walked into the ladies to spy on MJ.

She was done as the sound of the toilet flushing and then the sound of her jeans being zipped up. The door opened up and when she saw Pete she screamed, “MJ how long have you been holding that in for?”

“Peter I’ve been holding it since the markets.”

“Well I can see that you are loving this and I think you are going to like Berlin.”

“Why’s that?” Asked Miss Jones. “What I’ve heard is that there is a bar over there where the bathroom has been demolished and you pee in bucket or something like that, do you want to check that out?” Asked Peter. “Yes I’d love to.” Replied the sexy Michelle Jones

To Be Continued...

*003*2020-01-17 20:57

Introduction:

Later on Shield leader Nick Fury came to Peter’s hotel room and tranquillized Ned, then Fury and his associate Maria Hill took Peter to the Shield Venice base. Peter noticed that Miss Hill looked quite desperate to pee throughout the gondola ride, where even Fury and him had to wait long for Maria to come. Peter never felt turned on with Hill because she is too old for him. Anyway when the time was right Nick introduced Spider-Man to Quentin Beck (Mysterio), he was ment to be from another Earth.

Fury mentioned that snap tore a hole in the multiverse and that the creature in Europe was called an elemental because it harness the powers of the four elements (earth, water, air and fire). Fury and Hill stated they killed the Earth Elemental and told Spidey and Beck the rest, “So the attack today was the water elemental and the fire one was going to be in Prague.” Beck said that the fire elemental (Molten Man) killed his family on his Earth, Earth-833. Peter didn’t want all this to happen because he wanted to stay on his vacation and to work on asking MJ out.

Two days later:

While stopping at rest stop Peter couldn’t believe how long the ladies queue was and that was all the schoolgirls. Peter went into this building and was greeted by a woman from Shield giving him his stealth suit where he will be needing for the fight with Molten Man. But she wanted him to try it on, so Peter went to put it on but to his amazement saw Brad looking at them and he thought that Peter was in love with the Shield officer and was going to tell MJ. Well Peter did cut short of the fear of embarrassment if MJ knew of this and peace remained with this conflict.

One day later:

After arriving in Prague where the next attack would be Peter’s school went to watch an opera in the theatre, just before this they went looking what’s at the town markets and etc.. It was like it was all reminiscent of Venice. But while looking MJ felt so thirsty where she bought a big soda, which probably would have been a large. While sitting down waiting for the show to start MJ first felt the effects starting, where it was making her desperate for relief. Michelle noticed that Peter left the building and looking for him and when she decided to look for him the fight began. Spider-Man and Mysterio teamed up to fight Molten Man and also MJ was getting scared. A fact about Michelle Jones is when she needs to pee and is scared at the same time, her desperation rate increases so much and that is why she is drawn to most wettings being fear.

While the battle took place MJ was getting more desperate to use the toilet but then a powerful blast broke out and piece of fragment came tumbling down to Michelle. She picked it up and it was a wristband and she thought it was a web-shooter and thought to herself Spider-Man was here. By that time her bladder now was aching and trying to tell her that she’s reached her limit if she didn’t go now then she would piss herself in her beautiful cream coloured dress with flowers on it.

Dashed to look out for the bathroom but she felt her panties and they were damp she must’ve squirted in panties while watching the fight. Michelle couldn’t find anything she was in a place where it is full of bars even know Michelle is technically 18 because of the snap, she is too worried that she would get super drunk and won’t stop pissing and have to pee in an alleyway. But the bad news rolled out, she couldn’t hold it in anymore and her floodgates opened. MJ watched the pee running down her legs and even look at her wetting her panties. Michelle Jones was totally mortified as this was so different to the one Peter forced her to do and she hated this one probably because she should have gone to use the bar’s bathrooms to do this in but she didn’t care anymore, she waited until her whole panties were soaked.

To Be Continued...

*005*2020-01-25 20:43

Introduction:

A few days have passed just before the Prague trip ended MJ got to know that Peter is Spider-Man after she picked up the fragment. It turns out that the wristband was not what it seemed because it was actually a projectile image of Molten Man (the fire elemental that Spider-Man and Mysterio fought in Prague). Which exposed Quentin Beck’s true colours that he is secretly a villain and all the other elemental fights were all fake, this also included the backstory of Mysterio and that the multiverse was a pretty convincing lie. After exposing Beck, Peter and Michelle kissed but at that moment Parker could smell her most recent accident. Also Peter gave Beck E.D.I.T.H. which was these high tech glasses Happy gave Peter and these once belonged to Tony.

Peter went to Berlin to go to the SHIELD base and to expose the identity of Mysterio to SHIELD leader Nick Fury, but it was all a trap where Spidey found out that he is a master of illusions. Parker found Happy Hogan in the jet plane parked in a farmer’s field, Happy was his mentor’s best friend and the mentor was billionaire philanthropist Tony Stark. Peter knee that the final elemental attack was going to be in London, England and it was going to be there were Spidey will confront Quentin Beck.

After a big and intense fight in London between the elementals and Peter’s friends and him vs Beck we’re both intensely excited, but in this attack Michelle Jones kept herself dry throughout this fight and not even fear wet that she was probably going to die. Spider-Man managed to stop Mysterio’s plan, then take the glasses and then to kill him. The plan worked and the battle ended with everyone alive and just when Peter got off Tower Bridge where he and Beck fought, he saw MJ walking over to him and gave the thing he bought for her in Venice and she finally confessed she also had feelings for him and they agreed to go on a date back at home.

Present Day:

After the flight from London to New York, it was their first date back in New York, since she knew his identity, was for Peter to give her a ride via spiderweb. Swinging through the city, MJ screamed in fright at the sheer speed and heights. All of her screaming made her scared and when she is scared she usually fear wets herself, as for this instance she was about to burst any second. By the time they landed, MJ desperation came to a close and resulted in peeing on her boyfriend’s suit. At that time Peter felt a warmth on his leg and was certain she had peed a little on his suit, but sadly her black jeans showed nothing, but she looked so innocent like she did something naughty but acts like it never happened at all. it wasn’t long until she said, “Let’s… never do that again.” then they kissed.

Unfortunately, they were interrupted by a billboard announcements by J. Jonah Jameson that he was responsible for the London attacks. Their date cut short, when a video of Mysterio came up on the billboards and in which exposed that Spider-Man is Peter Parker. He will have to try his best to get his name cleared.

The End

