Inazuma eleven chronicles - Lina Schiller

Author: Juanjo

*000*2020-12-26 16:53

Hi! This is my little contribution to this site, if you want more about Inazuma eleven or other anime I like (dragon ball, One punch man, Boku no hero...) please contact me!

$$

Lina Schiller woke up determined that morning, it was the match against Genesis, she knew they were going to win. She put on his usual outfit: pink jeans and a blue shirt. It was 5 in the morning and, as usual, she set out to review the team's strategies and study their rivals. Lina is a cold and calculating woman, and she would not bear any failure during the match, not from her. Suddenly, a message came to her cell phone, it was her father, the leader of the Alius academy; He wanted to talk to her.

Intrigued, she approached the Alius academy (since it was the game that day they had the caravan parked nearby) to find her father waiting patiently. They went together to a warm room full of nostalgia for Lina, it looked like the living room of her house. There her father offered a cup of tea and they sat down to chat. They talked about the direction of the Alius and what this next match meant for everyone. He tried to convince her to withdraw, to which she categorically refused while taking a sip of her tea, in the same way Lina expressed that she thought about everything her father was doing, and she encouraged him to surrender, but he also refused.

When their meeting ended, they both left with a bad taste in their mouths, no one was happy with the current situation. The match would start in 5 hours, it was time to get the players up and start warming up and practicing tactics. When Lina got back to the trailer they were all awake and eager to play, as expected Mark had started running with Jude, Axel and the others. They spent the whole morning reviewing the tactics and finally, it was time for the game. They all changed in the locker room, and as always Jack went to the bathroom, the tension in the atmosphere was noticeable, but thanks to a motivational speech from Mark, everyone's spirits went through the roof. The players went out to the field to warm up.

Meanwhile Hillman and Lina finished talking about the starting squad, with just a few minutes left before kickoff, Hillman and Lina took to the field. But at that precise moment, Lina noticed a sharp and intense pain in her stomach, such was that it forced her to bend completely and bend over, in a matter of seconds she noticed how a strong need to go to the bathroom grew in her, and how her intestines roared with fury, such was his surprise that he thought he would poop herself right there, she had to put both hands on her butt and squeeze hard, 2 seconds later that need subsided.

Luckily Hillman was walking in front of her and didn't notice anything, but Lina, with cold sweat on her forehead, knew something was wrong.

"There is no time for nonsense" she thought, "it will be the nerves of the game, it will pass me", Lina got up quickly and went to the soccer field as if nothing had happened.

Lina and Hillman arrived and sat down, gave the starting lineup and the game began, not even 5 minutes had passed when cold sweat began to appear on Lina's forehead,

Suddenly a slight sound came from his stomach, but nobody heard it, they were all watching the game.

But Lina couldn't concentrate, she was uncomfortable, thanks to sitting down she didn't have to use much force to stop her intestines. But he did not know what was happening to her, she had never been like this, except for one time when she was a teenager, when wet and pooped herself after being sick. "Why do I remember that now?" For an instant she crossed glances with his father, who was on the other side of the field, and there she realized, "morning tea!" How could he be so lowly as to try to incapacitate his own daughter to win? The realization made her nervous.

Her father noticed her discomfort and gave her a mischievous look, he knew that it is impossible for her to endure the entire game sitting without having an accident.

20 minutes into the first part and Lina had to bend in her seat, Hillman was surprised but thought it would be to concentrate.

Her pink pants were tight at the waist, and it didn't help to feel the cold seat on her ass. Without warning she noticed how a piece of poop began to come out without any impediment, she squeezed herself to the seat and tried her best, and managed to keep it out, but she knew she didn't have much time left.

Her father knew that she was too dignified to show any sign of concern or weakness, but you could tell she was losing her composure.

Near the end of half time, Celia said she needed to go to the bathroom, Lina saw her opportunity and offered to accompany her, together they headed to the bathrooms, to discover that only one was available. Celia noticed something strange about the coach, so she suggested that if she needed to go first, that she could wait, but Lina couldn't imagine the embarrassed that one of the girls heard or smelled everything inside her, so she claimed to be fine.

When Celia was relieving herself, Lina was waiting standing near the bathroom door, grave mistake, an unstoppable impulse surprised her as a large piece of poop came out of her, this time she bent down too and grabbed her butt, but there was no remedy, a medium piece of poop slipped into her panties, and from the effort also a few drops of pee, but not enough to get her panties wet. Lina, in a state of shock, began to look at her butt in the bathroom mirror, she did not notice any lump, but she knew that if she sat down the thing would go wrong. As soon as Celia left Lina took the opportunity and told her that she was going to go in to throw some gum in the toilet, after that she got rid of her excrement and looked at her panties, it was not so bad, she could continue smoothly ...

That´s it for now! If you like it I will continue the story!

$$

