Random Fire Emblem Stories

Author: blooper

*000*2015-10-09 13:25

Just a random FE story I felt like writing. There may or may not be more, depending on time and motivation. Probably needs work, constructive criticism is appreciated. Formatting is slightly weirdo because copypasta.

Warning: Lots of messing. If you don't like it, you probably don't want to be reading this.

The four women were out on a job for the Greil mercenaries. A Crimean noble had hired them to hunt down a Begnion spy that had infiltrated their forces. She needed the spy removed removed before their information got back to Begnion’s spy network. Ike had assigned Titania to lead the group, and the paladin was assigned Mia, Jill, and Illyana to go with her. Jill to provide a flying scout, Mia to provide combat power and someone sneaky, and Illyana to act as a mage and a healer. They had set out, mounted on three horses and a wyvern, and were headed into Begnion occupied Daein to find the spy. Mia found his trail easily enough, and they were making good progress.

The party had been traveling for a while, and eventually Jill descended to the others. The dense trees left her scouting virtually useless, and the whole party was nervous about not knowing when they would encounter the spy. After the long day’s travel, Jill’s bladder was bursting, and her stomach was indicating another need as well. Swooping down, she saw Mia yawning with boredom, Illyana devouring some sort of travel ration, and Titania looking almost fine, her slight shifting giving away a similar need.

“Titania, I need to take a quick…break.” Jill said, blushing slightly. The redheaded paladin nodded, thankful someone else had brought it up over her. “Alright everyone, we’re going to stop for a bit. Get some water, stretch, whatever you need.”

The four women dismounted, and Jill turned, frowning as her wyvern let out a low growl. “Is something wrong girl?” she asked quietly, nervously losing a few drips into her panties. What had set the wyvern off? Was their target nearby?

Jill didn’t have time to do much more questioning, as suddenly a fog seemed to rise up around them, and she felt her mind begin to blur. “Wha-“she managed to get out before the potent sleeping gas overtook her, causing the redhead to crumple to the ground in a heap.

The group of women had a glaring weakness: their fortitude. The other three succumbed to the gas just as quickly. When the four women fell to the ground, the twenty men of the enemy brigade sent to retrieve their spy moved out from the trees, their invisibility fading. The spy appeared as well, a beautiful blue haired woman who smirked at the sight of the four unconscious ladies. “Looks like we caught ourselves some mercenaries, men. Collect them and bring them along, I’m sure the mercenaries will pay well for their safe return.”

A pair of men moved to each girl, laughter ensuing from one pair. “Look at her, she’s already peeing herself in her sleep!” one of them called. And indeed, Illyana was wetting herself, her overflowing bladder emptying itself into her purple panties and soaking through the entire front of her skirt, the puddle beneath her spreading and staining her shirt as well. The amused men waited for her to finish peeing, then hefted the unconscious mage over their shoulder, arguing over who would get to enjoy her later when she woke up.

The other pairs picked up the girls, none of them noticing anything out of the ordinary. Throwing them on their horses and leaving the wyvern asleep, the spy and her entourage moved on, carrying the unconscious girls until they made camp for the night a few hours later.

Soon after they set off, Titania’s bladder gave out, her armor quickly filling with warm pee. The bit that did escape from her armor went unnoticed by their captors, however. Mia was less fortunate, her bladder finally giving out a good portion of the way into the ride. Her purple boyshorts and black shorts were quickly saturated with urine, and the soldier carrying her on his horse made sure to give her a good groping with a smirk, checking the extent of the accident. Jill, as usual, somehow lost no control in her sleep, keeping her seemingly perfect lack of bedwetting going.

The girls were tied up and set off to the side while the troops set up camp. Titania was first to awake, immediately turning red as she felt the cold dampness in her trousers beneath her armor, realizing she had pissed herself in her sleep. Her bowels were still a problem however, and despite a few minutes spent attempting it, she couldn’t do much against the bonds other than roll over. She steeled herself to wait, hoping that they’d be untied and be allowed to relieve themselves.

Mia woke up next, fuming with rage as she felt the dampness in her pants. The nerve of those men, to tie her up and make her have an accident like this! She started to struggle against her bonds, but a fart escaped her and her bursting bowels distracted any attention she had towards holding them, not escaping.

Jill awoke next, gasping in pain as the feeling of her bladder and bowels being about to burst overtook her. Curling up in a ball, she moaned, using all her might to hold her control together. Eventually, the pain started to recede, and it became bearable for the time being.

Illyana woke up last, groaning and sitting up. She almost regretting eating all that food as her bowels immediately pressed down on her sphincter, and despite her efforts her muscles were no match for the massive load the mage contained. Her excessive eating habits caused her a lot of problems like this, and there was nothing she could do as the first of the soft mess began slipping into her panties. She groaned as she noisily messed herself, soft poop filling her panties completely, forcing the substance out like a balloon before starting to escape, staining her clothing and the ground around her with her feces. By the time she finished, she was sitting in small pile of shit, her panties ballooned to excessive size from the accident.

Soon enough, a rowdy group of soldiers made their way over, followed by the spy. They loudly guffawed over Illyana’s messy accident, then started to argue over who would get each girl. The mage turned red, hiding her face in shame as they spoke of her massive accident. The spy walked forward, her eyes falling on Mia. The swordsmaster had been working on her bindings again, her bowels somewhat under control, and she was almost ready to escape before the spy lifted her up. “I think I’ll take this cutie. The other three are yours.” She told the men. Leading Mia to her tent, she set the tied up swordsmaster on the bed, where Mia continued to discreetly work on her bindings.

The spy traced her finger along Mia’s wet shorts, smiling lustily. “Get your hands off me, bitch!” Mia shouted in response, angered at her touch.

“Seems I’ve got a feisty one.” The spy replied, smiling down at the tied up swordsmaster. She started to say something else, but it was cut off by an involuntary fart from Mia, this one staining her boyshorts a bit. “Oh my, she even has to go. And you already wet yourself dear. Are you sure Ike should be letting you girls out on missions all alone?”

Mia fumed in response, wanting nothing more than to rip the spy apart. She stayed working on her bonds, however, and knew it wouldn’t be long until she could accomplish just what she wanted.

The spy ran her hands along Mia’s bottom, feeling the slight wetness from the momentarily loss of control. “Don’t go in your pants quite yet dear, I’ve got something to help with your problem.” The spy told her, standing up and retrieving a package from her things. She produced a puffy white diaper from inside it, moving back towards Mia. “How about we get you in this so you don’t ruin those nice panties of yours any worse, alright dear?”

At the sight of the humiliating garment, Mia nearly exploded with rage. Encouraged by anger, she tore off the last of the bonds as the spy approached her. “Alondite!” she shouted, summoning her bonded sword to her hand. Bringing the huge blade forward, she expertly placed the tip right against the spy’s neck. “Don’t even think about it.” The swordsmaster growled. The spy, caught by surprise, froze, trembling in fear. Not trained for combat, her cowardly nature showed in response to the blade’s cold touch, a loud hissing indicating the release of her bladder. Her tight leather pants were quickly soaked with piss, a small puddle forming at her feet. The back of her pants bulged out considerably, the spy fearfully pushing several firm logs of poo into her panties.

“Perhaps you’re the one who should be in those.” Mia declared. Willing her sowrd ot activate, a burst of green energy speared out of the tip and separated the spy’s head from her body. Smiling, Mia gathered up the stolen information, frowning at some of it. It was a picture of a dark haired woman, a fancy gown tossed to the side, wearing a soiled diaper. There were several more, and a number of undiapered ones as well, the same woman wearing wet or soiled panties. With a start, Mia realized they were pictures of the noble.

So that was why she was willing to pay so much for the spy’s removal. Stowing the papers, Mia turned to leave but stopped, hunching over with a groan. She had put it off to long, and her bowels were willing to wait no longer. All she could do was let out a pained grown as she began to force liquid poo into her pants, staining her purple boyshorts brown and the back of her shorts as well, brown liquid trailing down her legs and puddling beneath her. She crouched, hunched over for several minutes and simply uncontrollably releasing liquid mess into her shorts.

The men couldn’t bring themselves to try and retrieve Illyana from her mess, though many tried to work up the courage. A pair of the largest ones managed to win Titania, lifting herby her arms and carrying the paladin to their tent. Setting her down, they began to strip off her armor, the process taking almost ten minutes as she struggled against them the whole time. “You’re going to pay for making this so difficult, redheaded bitch.” One of the told her, frustrated at trying to get a trap loose. Eventually however, they managed it, and Titania was left in just her bra and panties, her soaked trousers and undershirt tossed aside.

“Now for your punishment.” One declared. He sat down on the bed, laying Titania over his lap, and began spanking her. The redhead could only moan in pain, and perhaps a bit of pleasure, as the enemy soldier spanked her through her red panties. First a fart escaped her, then a small lump of poo, then a full-fledged messing accident as she reflexively pushed a considerable lump of soft poop into her panties in response to the continued pain of the spanking.

The man laughed, pushing her away in disgust. “They don’t even potty train their women. Some famous mercenaries these are, can’t even keep control of their bowels.” He finished with a laugh. The other one roughly groped Titania’s breasts, and the pair moved in. Suddenly, however, one of them began coughing up blood, a sword protruding from his chest. They both turned to each other, the uninjured one speaking. “What’s wrong, why are you-“ his words were cut off as the sword was turned to face him with the man’s body, a blast of green light sending him flying backwards and ending his life.

Mia pulled her sword out, stepping forward and leaking a bit more wet mess as she did so. “Come on Titania, let’s get out of here.” she told the paladin, cutting the redhead’s bonds and helping her to her feet. “I already freed Illyana, and she’s dealing with the rest of them. And I got the info.”

The redhead nodded, relieved. That mission had taken a turn for the worse, and she was glad she had resourceful enough subordinates that they wouldn’t be held captive for long. She began the slow process of donning her armor, wishing she had something to change into first.

Jill was taken away last, a group of three driving the others away. They took her into a large tent, and began stripping down, obviously intent on raping her. When the three approached her, she fearfully retreated back. “P-please don’t…” she stuttered. Her bladder and bowels involuntarily released, her white leggings quickly staining with piss and revelaing her soaked red panties beneath. Soft mess filled her panties beneath her, escaping and sliding along her leggings, filling the small amount of space there and turning the back of her legs brown.

It was all an act, however, and she backed straight into the head of an axe, driving her bonds right into the blade and cutting them. As the men approached, she suddenly moved like lighting, quick burn increasing her speed to above-average levels and snatching an axe from the wall, three swift strokes dispatching the three unsuspecting guards. Letting out a sigh of relief, the redhead moved over to their things, collecting their gear before heading outside.

Illyana, freed by Mia and handed a pilfered lighting tome, a Thoron no less, wreaked havoc on the camp. Massive lightning bolts tore soldiers in half, the unassuming mage tearing apart the soldiers. When Mia and Jill joined the fight, the soldiers were quickly eradicated. Titania joined them, fully armored and her accident mostly hidden. “Good job girls, we’ve got what we came for.” The paladin declared.

“And, the world is now short some jerks!” Mia added.

“Now we just have to head home, but I don’t wanna go like this…” Illyana complained.

“I have an idea.” Mia replied, disappearing into the spy’s tent before reappearing with her clothing case. Opening it, a variety of pants and panties awaited them. “Let’s clean up, then go home.” Mia told them. The others nodded in agreement, and they set right to the task, Titania providing her usual support and assisting her subordinates in cleaning up, doing her best to comfort each of them.
