Claire Poops Her Pants & An Accident in Raccoon City

Author: Poowrite

*000*2015-08-26 02:08

A couple of stories, unrelated despite the identical setting, that I wrote many years ago and reposted here by request.

Both stories contain messing.

___

Claire Poops Her Pants

The door creaked on rusty hinges as Claire Redfield cracked it slightly open and peered inside. The room beyond seemed to be a small waiting area connected to another hall that ran perpendicular to the one she was just exiting. It was illuminated by a naked bulb hanging from the ceiling. A bench with tall, poorly kept potted plants on either side was placed just to the right of the door, to the left the bare stone wall ran the length of the room then terminated, opening way to a new hall. On the farthest corner, a vending machine hummed loudly. Apparently, it was still working.

Claire crept through the door and shut it silently, wondering again how long Raccoon City had been infested with Zombies. Everything in the Police Department that wasn’t riddled with bullet holes or otherwise ruined seemed to be in proper working order, so she figured it must not have been more than a few days. But if that were true then it hadn't taken long for the infection or whatever the hell it was to spread. The thought sent cold shivers down her spine.

She stared at the opening leading to the next hall with some apprehension. She had no idea what was on the other side and worse, she only had half a magazine left in her gun. She pressed her back against the cold stone wall and, slowly and silently as possible, began strafing her way towards the next hall. She strained her ears the entire time, but the hum from the vending machine was too loud, there was no way she could hear any telltale shuffles or groans. She’d have to jump into the hall blind.

When she reached the corner of the waiting room she stopped, trying again to hear some sort of warning on the other side. She couldn’t smell anything, and most of the other monsters she’d encountered reeked of rotting flesh, but the lack of odor did little to relax her. Her muscles were tense and she knew she was breathing heavily. She could feel beads of sweat rolling down her face. She closed her eyes and tried to calm her nerves and regulate her breathing. For several minutes she stood there, both eyes closed, fighting the stress. Then, suddenly, she leaped in front of the opening, facing down the hall with her gun aimed and ready.

But the hall was empty. Claire exhaled and collapsed to her knees. This whole damn night had been one nightmarish hell. No matter where she turned it seemed some stumbling, decaying freak was chasing her, trying to eat her. There was a lot of stress, but she was strong willed and dealt with it much better than someone else in her situation might have. Still, she wished she could have had a normal night in a nice comfortable hotel room with her brother. And of course she wished she had a shower.

That’s when she remembered what she’d stopped at that diner for in the first place. She needed to use the bathroom. She hadn't gotten a chance to, being attacked by the living dead had a way of throwing a monkey wrench into the best laid plans, but now that things had calmed down she realized she needed to go. Bad.

Her bowel felt very full and her bladder was well over capacity. She had only used the bathroom once in the day, and that was at around 12 P.M. She checked her wrist watch. It was nearly ten.

“Damn it,” she muttered, pulling a small, folded piece of paper out of her pocket. It was a sketched map of the Police Department, and she used it to check her position within the building. Currently, she was on the second floor of the Raccoon Police Department. She’d already thoroughly checked all the open rooms on the first floor and made a rough sketch of the area. She checked the paper and swore. Not a single bathroom down there.

Her stomach cramped as she was putting the paper away. She moaned sightly and hunched forward. She rubbed her lower abdomen, hoping to soothe the tightened muscles, but it did no good. She felt her anus dilating. She tried to clench her ass shut with both hands, but it didn’t help. She felt the head of a firm turd forcing it’s way out and soon it was touching cotton.

That’s when she felt a sudden warmth spreading from her crotch down her thighs. Claire gasped. In her attempt to hold her shit in, she’d forgotten how badly she needed to pee. She slammed her legs together and squeezed tightly to stem the flow. It helped a little, but a slow, steady trickle was still escaping. Claire rocked back and forth, fighting for control of herself. ‘Caught in the middle of a town of zombies’ Claire though to herself, ‘AND I’m sitting her, wetting and messing myself. What a day.’

Finally, she could stand it no longer. She opened her legs and relaxed her muscles. Immediately the trickle of pee turned to a high pressure stream that she could hear hissing even over the hum of the vendor. The warmth around her thighs began to spread more quickly until a yellow flood seeped through her leg holes and ran like a river down her legs. A wide, deep puddle of urine began forming around her, but she didn’t care. She just let out a moan of relief.

When she was done peeing she turned her attention to taking care of the rest of her business. Her black jumpsuit and pink denim shorts were tight enough that the poop wasn’t coming out on it’s own. Claire might have been able to hold it until she found a toilet, but the sensation of having a log partly out and partly in was uncomfortable. Instead she closed her eyes and pushed.

As she strained, she felt a long, firm log pushing it’s way into her panties. It smashed up against her butt cheeks and thighs. She could feel her clothes stretching to make room. She couldn’t believe how much there was. It kept coming out, she could feel it’s hard, somewhat cracked texture sliding against the sensitive nerves in her anus.

By the time she was done, her clothes were soaked and there was a huge lump in the back of her pants. There had been so much shit that it pressed all the way up to the small of her back, and she thought it was going to push out the legs of her skin tight jumpsuit. Feeling much better, Claire got up and headed down the hall still carrying her heavy load. She hoped to find a janitor’s closet where she could dump out most of the poop. There wasn't much she could do about the wet stains on her clothes. She'd just have to hope that they had a chance to dry out before she ran in to any other survivors...

______

An Accident In Raccoon City

The motorcycle came to a stop in front of the dingy diner. Its rider, a young woman of perhaps nineteen, removed her helmet and sighed heartily.

“I'm finally here,” Claire Redfield, the woman, announced to the still night air. She killed the bike's engine and, with a sweep of her leg, dismounted. Her form-fitting spandex suit hugged her pronounced curves as she moved. A sleeveless jacket and ultra-short shorts, both made from matching red denim, offered little warmth but it didn't matter. It was a warm night and the ride into Raccoon City had been as comfortable as a long ride could be.

Nine hours on the road with less than a handful of stops to eat and re-fuel worked horrors on the body. Claire placed her hands on the small of her back and leaned backwards. She could almost feel the cramped muscles loosen as she stretched.

Quickly, she took stock of her surroundings. The evening was young, just past nine o'clock, but the city was eerily quiet. The streets and sidewalks were empty. Tall lamps illuminated the darkness at regular intervals but they might as well have been off. There didn't seem to be a soul in sight. Tonight, Raccoon City was dead.

A sense of desolation and emptiness weighed heavily on Claire and added to a growing sense of apprehension. Now, more than ever, she was certain something had happened to her brother, Chris. As soon as she took care of business in the diner, she would rush to the address he had given her years ago when he joined the special S.T.A.R.S. Unit of the Raccoon Police department.

Her auburn ponytail bobbed behind her as she approached the diner. Hunger had not necessitated her stop. In her rush to reach Raccoon City, Claire had largely ignored nature's call; stopping only once hours ago to urinate. Now, her overfull bladder and bowels demanded release and refused to be ignored. A large, solid log had been threatening to emerge for nearly an hour now and if she didn't deal with it soon she was going to fill her pants. Thinking about it made her situation worse, and she clenched her sphincter against the painful cramp that overcame her.

She climbed the three steps to the diner's entrance. Its glass door creaked in protest as she pushed it open and stepped in. The diner was as barren as the streets outside. A row of empty bar stools lined a keeper-less bar. Not a soul occupied the window booths. In the back, a sign advertised clean restrooms. Her body seemed to sense that relief was near, she could almost feel her muscles loosen with anticipation. She grunted her discomfort and started toward the restrooms.

“Hello,” Claire called softly, partially to announce her presence and partially to take her mind off what her body needed to do. Her boots clopped loudly on the diner's hardwood floor, and there was no response to her call. Her eyes scanned the room nervously, she couldn't help but think she had stepped out of reality and into some bad horror flick.

“Is anyone here,” she called again, and again there was no response. “Hello?” The stillness, the sense of lifelessness was starting to get to her. It seemed ridiculous to some part of her at the time, but fear had so quickly captured her attention that she had largely forgotten about her pressing need for relief. She wheeled around slowly, hoping to find some sign of life. There was none.

As she came back around, she thought she caught a shadow moving just behind the last booth. Cautiously, she approached. She could hear a soft shuffling followed by a sickly, wet ripping.

“Uh, hello,” Claire ventured as she peeked behind the booth. The sight that greeted her would haunt her dreams for years to come. A balding man knelt over a twitching, bloody, severed arm. His skin was tinted a rotten green, what remained of his hair clung to his head in thin wisps. Slowly, jerkily, he turned in response to Claire's voice and fixed her with a pupil-less stare. His face and chest were covered with fresh and dried blood. Claire's stomach turned over, it didn't take her long to realize he had been consuming the still twitching arm before him. His, its, mouth opened and a ragged, airy moan escaped. It's breath reeked of decay and death. Claire gasped in shock and horror.

“Look,” she said shakily, backing away as the thing rose to its feet. “I-I'm s-sorry I bothered you, okay?” It ignored her and started closing the gap between them with awkward, drunken steps. “Just don't come any closer... are you listening?” Clearly, it was not. Vaguely, she heard a series of gunshots from the back of the diner.

She decided that whatever was left of the man this thing had once been was gone, that she wouldn't get through with words, and she turned to run. A pair of the creatures had blocked the door however, their rotting hands beating the glass in a futile effort to get inside.

Claire realized she had been trapped. Though she doubted that the abominations that surrounded her had orchestrated a ploy, she nonetheless found herself with nowhere to turn, nowhere to run. A part of her mind refused to accept what was before her as reality and insisted that in moments she'd wake up in that dirty little motel she'd slept in the night before. But somehow, she knew it wasn't true, knew that no matter how much she refused to believe it, the monsters that surrounded her were real. An image of the half eaten arm laying on the floor behind the last booth flashed in her mind and left little doubt as to what her fate would be. She wouldn't let that happen, she couldn't.

While her mind raced, she became dimly aware of a hot wetness forming in the crotch of her pants and a muffled hissing from between her legs. She knew she was having an accident, accepted it and focused her attention on more pressing matters, such as saving her skin. The warm wetness quickly widened as her bladder completely released and it's contents spilled out in a flood. Sheets of yellow that sparkled in the dim light cascaded down the insides of her thighs. What didn't run the length of her leg to soak her tan leather riding boots dribbled on the floor. Her riding suit did little to absorb the fluid and the red denim of her shorts became several shades darker. The urine eventually soaked through this as well and a unbroken stream of pee spattered noisily on the floor.

At the same time, her anus dilated and her colon began forcing its load free. A thick, gooey log slid easily from her body, crackling and popping softly as it went. Her riding outfit hugged her body like a glove, but a lumpy bulge began to form it its seat as the soft, heavy mass rushed from her bottom.

Her pants filled and expanded like a balloon to fit the huge log pouring into them. When the bulge had grown to the size of a softball, her outfit could stretch no farther and the poop started piling up toward her tail bone. The creamy, hot mess smeared her round bottom as it crept up toward her back but it stopped before it reached the waist of her shorts. It only took a few seconds for Claire to void her bowels, but her pants were so full of her waste that they sagged heavily under the new weight.

Despite her situation, despite being surrounded by flesh eating zombies, despite wetting and loading her pants, despite the unearthly and bone chilling moans of her pursuers, Claire somehow kept her poise and focus. Her blue eyes darted about the diner as she looked for an escape and to her relief she spotted a gray door to her left. She realized that it could have been a closet. Or that if it led outside there could be a group of the monsters waiting for her there too, but she also knew that she had little choice. She could risk the door and maybe die anyway, or stay here and die for sure. Before the creature in front of her could block her path, she darted down the isle and toward the door.

She swung it open and found herself staring down the barrel of a gun, the man behind it was dressed in a blue uniform and Claire realized that he was not a zombie.

“Wait,” she called to him, her voice frantic, hoping that he had realized she wasn't a monster either. “Don't shoot.”

“Get down,” he ordered and Claire ducked out of the line of fire. The movement pulled her pants tight against her bottom and smashed the mess up against her butt, forcing the load up to the small of her back and halfway down her thighs.

There was a deafening report as the gun fired, followed by a soggy thump as the bullet entered the front of the first zombie's decaying head and blew out the back, bringing with it chunks of skull and fetid brain matter. Instantly, it's groaning ceased and it collapsed to the floor.

Claire watched it fall and turned back to her savior. She got her first good look at him and realized he was wearing the colors of the Raccoon City Police Department. She wondered if he knew what had happened to Chris.

“We can't stay out here,” he said, offering her his hand, “we have to head to the police station. It'll be a lot safer.” His concern sounded genuine, Claire instinctively trusted him. Not that she had a lot of choice. From the looks of it, they were the only people still alive in the entire city. She took his hand and together they dashed off into the night.

Her fear grew as they hurried through the dark alley. Everywhere she turned there was another group of the shuffling, decaying creatures. She knew the only their speed would keep them alive, but she wondered how long they could keep running. They burst out of the alley and found themselves on a street, a handful of walking dead patrolling it's sidewalks. Both man and woman cast about for somewhere to run.

“There,” the man called, pointing at an abandoned police cruiser. Claire nodded and they rushed over to the vehicle. The police officer took the driver's side and, to their elation, found the keys in the ignition. The man turned it and the engine jumped to life. He stomped on the gas and the tires screamed on the slick pavement, kicking up a cloud of steam before finally catching and sending the car down the empty street.

EDIT:

Added warning about both stories containing messing

*002*2015-08-26 02:25

No problem! Glad you enjoyed them.

Sorry you don't enjoy messing. Still, I'm glad you gave them a read and enjoyed them :3.

*006*2015-08-26 18:00

{{:

I remember these well (from another website). The first of your stories that I read, and definitely great ones :)

}}

They were originally posted on nyou fiction. I miiiiiiiight have added them to adultfanfiction.<whatever> too.

{{:

While I'm not a fan of messing these two stories were still and nice read.

}}

Haha, well I appreciate that you read them and your comments, even though they're not your cup of tea :).

{{:

Youuuuu jerk, thought they were new not reposts from nyou lol. Faked me out!

}}

Haha! My true plan of faking Linkx out has worked perfectly! :3

*008*2015-08-27 17:31

{{:

Are these and the other one the only resident evil stories that you have and posted or are there others?

}}

Yeah, I'm afraid so :<

*011*2015-08-31 05:20

{{:

To, bad though I'd like to see more of what you can write whether its RE or something else.

}}

Thank you :). Given how much I love the series, I hope to come back to it one day.

{{:

This is awesome o.o I commonly run characters who are able to keep fighting or focused or whatever as they're having an accident, and I'm really glad to see it somewhere else. Linkx and Infi are rather fond of women being useless as they're having a fear accident :X Also redhead, so absolutely loved it.

Also, I swear I read everything on Nyou and I don't remember theses ones ;_;

}}

I like tough women, so I tend to think I'm a bit more like you in this regard. I like to see them make a quick recovery after their mishap and make the best of a bad situation :).

I swear they're on nyou fiction. I just double checked to make sure they hadn't been lost in one of that site's moves :3.

