DBZ story - Videl in the bank

Author: crashdriver

*000*2017-11-13 06:53

This is my first (completed) attempt at an omo-themed story and my first DBZ fanfic. Inspired by my personal headcannon that Videl pees her pants when in stressful/dangerous situations (which is the main reason she wears black shorts).

Slight mention of messing but nothing explicit.

“I’m in position.” Videl whispered into the radio clipped to her ear. “How many are in the bank?”

After a brief hiss of static, a male voice crackled over the line. “Reports say four captors and eight hostages. All on the first floor, in the main lobby.”

“How are the captors armed?”

“Looks like they are armed with one shot gun, one rifle, either semi or fully automatic and two pistols.”

“Right. Moving to the lobby now.”

After taking a deep, steadying breath Videl crept silently out of the maintenance closet she had used to make her entrance to the bank and started making her way to the main lobby. Soon she reached a corner and could hear the steady thump of heavy boots pacing across tile mixed in with faint whimpering and sniffles and was struck with a strong urge to pee. She grimaced at the sudden, yet not unexpected, fullness of her bladder. Stressful situations, particularly anything dealing with her police work, made her need to pee. She would have to finish with the bank robbers quickly if she wanted to avoid peeing in her pants. Again.

Once at the corner she peeked around and quickly scanned the lobby to verify the locations of both the captors and the hostages. The hostages were along the far wall, kneeling with their hands behind their heads. Two of the captors, rifle and pistol one, were in front of the hostages talking in low voices. Shotgun was pacing across the lobby floor halfway between the corner and the hostages and pistol two was leaning against the wall just a few feet away from her, facing the hostages and smoking a cigarette. Videl squeezed her thighs together briefly, fighting off the strengthening urge to pee, then surged into motion. She darted forward and slammed her elbow into Cigarette’s temple. The man staggered and, with a gurgling moan, crumpled to the floor in a senseless heap.

Videl stepped over the unconscious man, pausing briefly to kick his gun away, and charged toward the shotgun wielding bank robber. She was fifteen feet away from him when he turned and raised his weapon. Her bladder spasmed at the sight of the gapping blackness of the gun barrel pointing at her, a brief spurt of near scalding hot urine dampening her panties. She regained control before too much damage had been done and, still running, dropped to her knees to slide across the smooth tiled floor. Once under the barrel of the shotgun she surged to her feet and shoved the weapon upwards, where it discharged harmlessly into the ceiling, and used her free hand to punch the man in the stomach with all the force she could muster. The robber let out an explosive grunt as he folded around Videl’s fist, his still smoking shotgun clattering loudly to the floor.

Across the lobby Videl saw both the remining robbers turn their guns toward her and instinctively dropped into a crouch to avoid a burst of gunfire. With bullets hissing over her head a jet of fresh pee soaked her panties and quickly spread to the seat of her pants. Through sheer force of will Videl was able to regain control of her bladder after a handful of seconds then snatched up the discarded shotgun and flung it end-over-end at the gunmen. As soon as the gun left her hand Videl leapt to her feet and sprinted after it.

Rifle flinched away from the spinning shotgun and accidentally smashed the barrel of his weapon into his companion’s face. The pistol wielder dropped to his knees, blood spurting between his fingers as he clutched his shattered nose. Before Rifle had a chance to bring his weapon back around Videl drove her shoulder into his chest at full speed, knocking him off his feet. The jarring impact of her tackle loosed another spurt of pee into her already wet panties. Videl stepped over Rifle, who was unconscious after his fall, and knocked the last gunman out with a boot to the forehead.

“Lobby secured, captors are down.” Videl announced into her radio. She turned to face the hostages.

The bank manager, a slightly overweight bald man, climbed to his feet and walked over to Videl. As the man approached her Videl noticed a dark wet stain running down the left leg of his light gray trousers. “Thank you for saving us, Miss Videl. You dealt with those brigands quite handily.”

Videl blushed slightly at the heartfelt praise. “It’s no problem, sir. Just doing what I can to help.”

The doors to the lobby swung open and a dozen police officers rushed in. A pair of officers hurried over to each of the unconscious bank robbers. In short order they had them handcuffed and were dragging them away. The remaining four officers made their way over to the hostages.

As Videl helped a dark-haired woman and her young son to their feet she noticed a distinct odor. “Ma’am, the police will show you where you can get him cleaned up.”

“It wasn’t me! I didn’t poop my pants!” The little boy said defiantly. “It was mommy!”

The woman blushed furiously and ducked her head as she awkwardly shuffled past Videl with a muttered ‘Thank you’. Videl felt a stab of sympathy for the woman, distinctly remembering the shame and discomfort she had felt the few times that she had soiled herself in fear.

Videl turned to face a young blonde woman wearing blue jeans and a grey t-shirt. Her breath hitched, and she felt her heart skip a beat as Erasa to the blonde’s place in her mind’s eye. A new warmth began to pool in her lower belly while her nipples hardened. Her palms were suddenly sweaty and her mouth dry. Spurred on by half-remembered erotic dreams and idle fantasies Videl suddenly wanted to kiss the blonde/Erasa. She swallowed several times then licked her lips. “You can get up now. You’re safe”

“I can’t. I can’t hold it.” The blonde whimpered, her sea-foam green eyes spilling over with tears. A rapidly expanding puddle bloomed under her, accompanied by a faint hissing sound.

‘She’s peeing.’ As soon as Videl realized what was happening she felt her own bladder release, the sight of the blonde helplessly wetting herself proving too much to bear. The sensation of liquid warmth bathing her groin and cascading down her thighs mixed with the relief of pressure in her bladder and added to her arousal combined into near orgasmic pleasure that burned away any hint of shame or embarrassment. Videl instinctively jammed her hands between her thighs to try and stem the flow of urine. Pressing her hands against her crotch added just enough friction to push Videl over the knife’s edge of sexual release.

The most powerful orgasm Videl had ever felt surged through her body. Videl tilted her head back and squeezed her eyes shut as she groaned loudly and dropped to her knees. She lost track of how long she knelt there trembling in ecstasy, it could have been seconds or hours. When her limbs finally stopped shaking, Videl opened her eyes. The blonde was staring at her, blushing furiously.

“I couldn’t hold it either.” Videl whispered, feeling heat creep into her own cheeks. She glanced down and noticed that she and the blonde had peed so much that their puddles had combined and bushed harder. The realization that she had just orgasmed in front of a total stranger while half-fantasizing about her best friend hit Videl and her blush intensified. She lurched to her feet and, avoiding further eye contact with the blonde, set out for the exit at a brisk walk.

*003*2017-11-14 00:15

{{15 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Loved it. But, you didn't quite specify what she was wearing. Based on the note at the top I'm ASSUMING it's her skintight black shorts, right?

}}

Yes, Videl was wearing her usual getup, complete with skintight black shorts. It didn't even occur to me to add a description because that's the only way I ever really picture her (other than naked or wearing a diaper).

*005*2017-11-15 03:40

{{11 hours ago, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

I read this story with her long hair look in mind as I'm pretty sure she never fought crime after her haircut without going out in costume with Gohan as Saiyaman and Saiyagirl, and Gohan's absence and her fantasizing about one of her classmates hammers home in my mind that this is before she met Gohan.

}}

Yes, this was/is a pre-Gohan story and Videl does have her long hair. I have a tenuous plan to extend this story possibly up through Gohan's arrival.

*007*2017-11-19 05:32

{{10 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

I'm thinking of doing a crossover story with her and three of my other favorite anime girls when I get the chance, is it all right if I mention your headcanon of her wetting her shorts often while fighting crime? (thinking of putting in a moment mentioning each of them has wet herself at least once before)

}}

Not a problem. I feel like it's a likely enough scenario that I can't claim sole ownership of it.

