Welcome to the city! Try not to wet yourself

Author: THEO WANDER

*000*2020-09-25 03:14

Diane stood in the doorway of her old home, it was empty everything already moved to her new place, Everything except her

“The big city” she thought, Diane had been hired by a large food company as a recipe developer, only problem was that its based out in the city thousands of miles away from her quaint little town. The trip was fully paid and her new house was already being set up the only thing left was to close the doors.

Diane watched as a car came to pick her up

“It’s going to be a long drive” she thought to herself as she stepped into the car, the driver was talking on a phone “you should definitely go there! Its called the blue luier ask for the filler challenge”

“Excuse me ma’am” Diane said making herself noticed.

“Oh I didn’t see you there, are you diane proctor?”

“Yes I would happen to be” Diane spoke as she twisted a strand of her wavy black hair around her finger.

“Then we’re on our way!” The driver said enthusiastically as she floored it down the dusty roads

“Ok its a two hour drive are you ok until then?” The driver asked

“Two hours!? How do you intend to cross the country in that short a time?”Diane was shocked it would be impossible to make that distance.

“No no its too the airport silly”the driver explained

“Airport?”

“Yes a passenger plane, have you never seen one?”

“No I’m afraid not”and that was the end of the conversation

Diane was dressed in a long loose dress with a simple pair of white panties underneath, it was a comfortable outfit though her panties were a bit too tight. The car pulled to a stop and the driver opened the door for Diane, who was completely unaware of the garment that the driver was filling.

The plane was a marvel to look at, a giant beast made of steel with massive wings

Diane was in awe it was massive! “Is this a plane?” She had read about them in the newspapers but she never imagined that she would ever be so close

The doors opened and a ramp was rolled forward, she took her first steps into the future

The land soared past like some kind of slideshow and the buildings looked like a child’s play set. Diane nervously sipped from a glass of tea, it ran clean through her and she felt the pressure of her filling bladder. The plane began to slow down as her bladder settled, the plane didn’t have restrooms so her only option was to wait.

She walked down the ramp to her new home.

New rcyeta city

1956 October 23

Diane walked into her new house, it was already filled with her furniture and there was a faint music playing. But her top priority was to get into the restroom, Diane closed the door behind her and took a few steps forward before her knees fell out from under her, hot urine poured across the hardwood floors leaking out staining her dress.

The only thing that came to Diane was a feeling of bliss and feeling of her childhood days.

Old cyano

1948

A younger Diane walked through the forest alongside her best friend Ruth, together they walked along empty deer trails as the heat of summer passed over. “Sure an interesting place huh?” Diane said breaking their silence

“Sure is” it was Clearly not a time for convention

They walked enjoying the sounds of the forest climbing over fallen trees and sneaking under branches. Ruth stopped “what is it?”diane asked as she took a step back. The white shorts that ruth were wearing turned dark as a wetness trailed across the fabric as yellow streams trailed down her legs. Ruth resumed walking again without a word. “Wait, did you just pee yourself?” Diane asked slightly shocked “oh sorry its just a habit, you don’t find any restrooms out here and There is no one to judge me, so why shouldn’t I?”ruth said in a friendly manner as if loosing you bladder into your undergarments isn’t weird.

As ruth walked Diane’s eyes were drawn to the wet fabric as drops leaked out with each step. It made her bladder ache and demand release. “Hey ruth...do you mind if I....go”Diane asked “where? If you haven’t noticed there aren’t many places, or did you mean something else?” Ruth asked with a curious tone “I need to...uh...”Diane’s words fizzled out as she began wetting herself, the tight fitting cloth of her underwear holding the wetness close to her skin as sweet release took over. “Are you done?”ruth asked politely Diane nodded unsure how she should act.

“This seems like a good place to set up the tent”ruth said as the drying fabric of her shorts dampened again

New rcyeta city

1956 October 24

Diane was finishing her lunch as the phone rang.

It was a call from the her new job despite the fact she wasn’t starting for another three days. Yet nevertheless she walked into the building, the technology was marvelous. She took in the smells of smoke and spices and all it reminded her of was hometown

A woman in a short tight skirt approached her “excuse me are you Diane proctor?”she spoke with a strange accent and her skirt was way to short, Diane gave no response only a small look of distasted at her. “Well by your face You must be”she claimed “my name is carris and I’m your guide” and with that she lead diane in laps around the building, Diane however was too busy looking disapprovingly at carris’s choice of outfit, her skirt was short enough she had to take close short steps so it wouldn’t ride up.

Diane was out as soon as carris stopped talking, it was clear that carris dispite being Diane’s guide probably knew less about the workplace then diane herself, but ether way diane walked out of the building as her bladder started to hurt.

The sun had set and the city was glowing.

The lights of the city drew Diane in her bladder’s cries for relief going unheard and then she saw it, the blue luier there as the driver had mentioned, she walked into the building the main room mostly empty but a few people sat around drinking and smoking. Diane walked over to the counter remembering the drivers instructions

Blue luier ask for the filler challenge

Diane stepped up to the counter as she walked noting that her panties were a bit too tight “excuse me, may I have the filler challenge?” The barkeep barely passed an eye as she hit a button and a door unlocked. Diane heisted for a second before walking through the door. She entered a small room with another door in the back and saw a single person holding out a drink to her. “Excuse me is this the challenge?”diane asked

“Yes just drink this as quickly as possible” the person replied, they were wearing a black suit that hid most of their body with one of the only notable details being a budge at the crotch. Their face was covered with a mask that covered almost everything with the only way to see being two glass lenses in the eye holes. Diane took the offered drink and downed it in one long swig. It just tasted like water but then she felt something, the person that had offered her the drink grabbed her arm and clicked a cuff around it. Diane was trapped and something felt wrong.

Her bowels voided despite any resistance she provided as she struggled against the chains her panties filled and overflowed leaving a disgusting feeling running down her legs. “What just happened” diane thought as the masked person leaned down and began to lift diane’s skirt.

