Living In nowhere part two

Author: Fae_Enby

*000*2022-09-20 05:19

Living in Nowhere: Story Two

Warning: This story contains messing. It is contained, however if that is not your thing you may want to stop reading now. I get it's not for everyone and want to warn you ahead of time. Also has some sexual themes so please be advised.

This is part two of my last story. I hope you guys like it. I may edit it as I see fit. Most importantly, I hope you enjoy:)!

Begin:

It’s been two days since the accident in the woods. While grabbing things for the house they were thinking about it all day. How dirty it was. But how good it felt. They pushed away the clouds causing them to day dream and focused on the shopping. Salem was in town grabbing some things for the house before they started writing for a few days. The ride home was long but the sights were pretty. Fall is so beautiful around here. Salem loved watching the trees pass by as they drove home. The mountains in the distance were coated in orange and red from the leaves of the trees. It was usually great inspiration to write. But right now all Salem can do is get lost in its beauty. Once Salem got home, they put everything away and went upstairs. They put on a cute comfy pair of pjs and sat right at their desk. The writing would begin. A few hours had passed now and It was getting late in the evening.

Salem's room was getting dark. They were sitting “criss cross apple sauce” comfortably. A half full tea mug sits steaming as they read. Being comfortable helps Salem focus. They were wearing an oversized sweater and some comfy cute black pj bottoms that sat tight but comfortable on their skin. They had been writing for hours and now they were stuck. They needed a language to use for the new “magic” system that was going to be in the world they were writing. After struggling with having writer's block, Salem started looking through old spiritual text books they had collected over the years for inspiration. They found a book titled “continued research on old magic”. As Salem flipped through the pages, they found a page that looked promising in a section called “unpronounceable magic ”.

Salem starts to scan through the page when a feeling comes over them, almost like a mystical force takes them over but they can’t figure out what. They felt almost controlled, but relaxed. It begins to guide their now heavy eyes to one of the words on the page. It is almost as if something was calling to Salem from within the texts. They spotted one sentence in particular. “Hidr tofui lebn” Salem said aloud. As the words left their lips, an odd feeling filled the room. It felt like something made them do it. They tried to think of a proper explanation, but it was too late. Something inside their head clicked. Their eyes shut and Salem began to feel trapped in their own mind as darkness filled their vision.

After a few moments of stillness, Salem just shot right up out of the chair in front of the desk. With their eyes wide open and looking up they were almost being pulled by their cheeks and chin upward. Like a hand was grabbing then and pulling them up. They were pulled with such gentle force, that they just barely knocked over their tea in the process. It tipped and spilled out. But it was so quiet and smooth, Salem wasn’t phased. All they could see was a bright and comforting light. Thoughts began to rush into Salem's brain as they stood there, standing and looking straight up with their knees buckled and mouth agape. 

They looked up in awe. Drool began to come out of their wide open mouth. Thoughts and ideas flooded their brain. Words wizzed passed, ideas, histories, anything you could think of. All this information was filling their head. For a moment Salem felt great. It was dark. As if a peace had come over them. But as quickly as that feeling came, it left. This fear creeped over them, so primal and yet so real. They couldn’t do anything to help it, but they began to soil themselves.

Still trapped in their mind, Salem stood on their tippy toes. The seat of their underwear began to feel squishy, followed closely behind the feeling of hot liquid dampening thier crotch. Salem was soiling their pjs. Pee began pouring down their legs, filling the slippers that they wore.They could feel and hear the crackling as a bulge was developing around their round posterior. The tight pjs began to bulge and stretch. They could feel the seat of their underwear fill up and pour into their tight pajama pants. A puddle was forming where they stood. But Salem could only feel the sensations. They didn’t even notice the growing puddle they now stood in. As their eyes looked up dumb founded with fear, some voice said “sit”.

They couldn’t tell if the voice was in the room or their head. But as if hypnotized by the fear, they listened and sat down. They sat down in their mess. They felt so dirty doing it, but couldn’t help it. They were both scared and mystified. As those feelings crossed their mind, something else began to happen. They couldn’t see it but they could feel it. Salem's fear began to leave. A different feeling began to take over from within.. just like that day in the woods. That memory of being such a dirty fox. Salem remembers this feeling and is instantly aroused. Salem had finally found a way to snap out of it. As this realization was made, the helplessness began to fade.

They began to regain control of their arms and they began to rub their crotch. They were blushing in their seat. Breathing subtle and steady. A smile came over them as they blushed and drooled. It was like the time in the woods, but better. The voice muttered in a tone most confused and angered. But no words could be made clear. This did not send fear into Salem’s mind, it was to preoccupied with other things to hear it now. They kept thinking how naughty it was, and that they were so scared they soiled their pj’s.

Salem finally reached climax in spectacular fashion. Mouth agape and drooling as they let out a moan. Their orgasm spread all over their body. Making them relaxed with the pure joy of it. Salem snapped back to reality. They could see their surroundings now, not just feel them. They looked around and moved their arms, ears, and tail. They were sitting at their desk. They thought maybe it was a dream? But Salem felt a squish in their seat when they moved. The “dream” was real and they were sitting in their mess as proof.

That was no dream, Salem thought. It was the magic in the book. They needed to learn its secrets. But first, they had to be prepared. It was clear that anything goes when reading this book. And what happens in Salem's head, happens outside of it as well. That was only a test of what the ancient “magic” had to offer. Next time Salem would come prepared. As good as the orgasm felt, the mess after is a lot to clean up. They would do their best not too, but they needed something to contain a mess just in case for now. The thought of having to wear diapers was a bit embarrassing for Salem. But needed to be done. Besides, the feeling of doing something so taboo was starting to excite Salem. But enough for now, Salem has a lot of work tomorrow. They need to get cleaned up and head to bed. The hunt for diapers starts tomorrow. This magic book needs to be explored fully.

End.

Hope you enjoyed

*002*2022-10-07 15:52

{{On 10/5/2022 at 3:41 PM, Ashley2002 said:

This is great

}}

Thank you so much!!

