A Stinky Messing

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*000*2018-11-11 19:46

Hey guys! Void here! Basically, I found this masterpiece sitting in my fiction folder on my computer! It says I wrote it a year ago, so I decided to share it with the world of Omorashi! Enjoy!

Anna and Jenny were in big trouble. Jenny was tied against the wall, Anna was sitting behind, her face planted in Jenny's bum. Jenny had unknowingly taken laxatives and a pill that made her farts constant.

"Jenny! I can't move!" Anna said into Jenny's rear. She had enough room to move her head back against the wall behind her, her hands tied behind her back.

"I... Uuurrgh... Gotta fart..." Jenny said as her stomach gurgled violently. She squirmed as her hands were tied behind her. Jenny was wearing black tights with a pair of black panties underneath and a miniskirt.

"Jenny please don't!" Anna begged. But Jenny, however, was feeling quite selfish and naughty. A loud, bubbly BRAAAAAAPPT was heard as Jenny released a loud, smelly fart into Anna's face. Anna squirmed in place as she coughed, smelling Jenny's putrid fart.

"oh god, jenny! Why would you?" Anna said to Jenny.

"I... Had to... " Jenny responded. Jenny's stomach gurgled again. Jenny pushed her bum into Anna's face, and released a loud, disgusting fart right into Anna's face. A sudden FLAAAAAAAARRRP was heard as a bubbly fart escaped her bum and into Anna's face and nose.

"MMMMMPPPH!!" Anna screamed as Jenny released her stink into Anna's nostrils. She pushed out the remainder of her fart, but didn't pull her bum away from Anna's face. Anna had her nose and face dug into Jenny's stinky bum. One more fart and things could get messy.

Anna groaned as a loud gurgle resonated in her bowels. She needed to go. Badly. She squirmed and pulled her bum from Anna's face to let her breath.

"oh god.. I don't think I can... Hold it... Uuuurgggh!!" a sudden loud fart interupted her sentence, and Anna squealed as a stinky amount of air flew into her face.

The bubbly sounds of farts was replaced by a yelp from Jenny, and a sudden squelching sound. The seat of Jenny's tights began expanding. She was messing herself.

She squirmed as she continued to mess herself. Anna watched in horror as her friend uncontrollable shit her pants. It stank really bad.

"I-I'm... Ugh! I'm pooping my pants! Oh, i'm so sorry Anna!" Jenny exclaimed she she excreted into her pants. A bubbly fart emanated from her rear as even more mess piled into the seat of her tights.

The bulge continued to grow. So much so, that the messy bulge began to touch Anna's nose. It began molding around her nose as Jenny continued releasing.

A sudden BRUULLP was heard as it tormented from her bum. The bulge had wrapped completely around Anna's bulge, her nostrils covered with messed tights. She let out a silent squeal as the smell entered her nose. Jenny then finished going potty in her pants.

Anna lifted her bum up, and began soiling herself as well. A faint crackle was heard as Anna released into her tight jeans. When she finished, she sat back down, squishing the load in her pants.

Jenny then pushed her bum right into Anna's face, causing the bulge to squish all around Anna's face.

"W-whoops... Eheh... I think I may have had a little accident..."

