Zuorsara Commissions: Desperate on the Road

Author: Zuorsara

*000*2020-09-28 15:18

Three hours.

Three full, long hours, is how long Zora had been waiting in traffic, inside her truck. As a female trucker, this was by far the worst part of the job. Zora didn’t really mind the monotony of driving along empty roads and seeing the same scenery over and over again; it allowed her to concentrate on the road. But if there was something she absolutely couldn’t stand, it was being caught in traffic.

She just sat there, watching the people in the others cars fiddling about. Some had even switched off their engines and were standing outside, having grown tired of the stuffiness of their cars. Zora was beginning to envy them; she wasn’t really supposed to her leave her vehicle whilst on the job. For Zora, trucking was a way of life. It hadn’t been something she’d ever thought about doing, until the job landed in her lap one morning, and from that day onwards it had been a part of her. Sitting inside the high canopy of her spacious truck, just driving onwards to the destination with her mind focused solely on the road, was what she loved the most. Occasionally, there’d be the odd stressful situation, where events would conspire to make her late for an order, or there’d be some sort of road problem that she had to worry about, but normally she could just relax as she watched the road go on and on to the edge of the horizon.

Unfortunately, today had been full of those stressful moments. Virtually as soon as she left, Zora and her truck had been caught in a massive line of traffic that stretched as far as the eye could see. While she wasn’t in danger of being later for her delivery, it was still a bit of a headache for her. In a strange sense, Zora hated having to stop and wait, especially in traffic. It was the seeming inevitability of it, as well as the inability for her to do anything about it, that really made her annoyed. Still, she sat there, willing the traffic to move on, as if the traffic jam would be moved by her concentrated desires. But alas, nothing.

Zora was a relative newcomer to the trucking world. She’d only started a year ago, but had impressed both her mentors with her speed and sense of direction, whilst not being reckless in the least. Initially she’d been shocked at how the other truckers treated her, throwing rude slang in her direction, but over time she’d grown accustomed to it and even kinda liked the idea of having a friendly insulting match with some of the other truckers. Zora’s main problem was that she didn’t like to have to stop, which made it a bit of a problem on long journeys when the gas stations and shops would all pass by, and by the time Zora made it out into the vast expanse of the American flats there would be nowhere to use the toilet. However, she even had her own system for this; Zora kept a number of empty bottles in the back of her truck.

At an available moment, she’d undo her zipper and pull her jeans down, pressing the bottle into her labia and letting go. The feeling of finally letting loose a gush of urine after a long road trip was one of the nicest feelings she could imagine. As for if she had to relieve another of her urges? Well, in that case she just had to hold it as best she could. Zora had only once been forced to stop her truck so she could get out to take a dump; she remembered the story and cringed. After driving non-stop for the better part of a full day with no restroom and a sick stomach, she’d been close to having an emergency in her pants. She’d frantically stopped her truck on the edge of the road and climbed out, pouring a massive load of diarrhoea all over the ditch by the side of the road. Fortunately, it was deserted and nobody knew about her gruesome release, but Zora was deeply embarrassed about not being able to hold it.

Zora herself was a slightly chubby 24 year old of mixed race origin (her mother had been Hispanic and her father white-American). Her long light brown hair was draped around her soft face, and her firm ass and powerful thighs were imprinted into the leather of the chair. She was wearing her usual clothes of a pair of faded jeans and a light grey top that stretched to just above her belly button. She liked driving wearing such light clothes, because when she was driving next to people, looking down on them from the height of her truck, it was almost like she was a bird, flying high above the road on the journey to her destination.

The truck itself was pretty spacious. The seats were made of soft leather, just nice enough to relax into but not enough to make her sleepy. They were designed to keep her awake whilst driving, but Zora had never had a problem with that before. Behind, she had a small bed area, and a few footlockers and small cupboards. Her emergency bottles were stashed in there as well. For Zora, this was her home on the road, and she absolutely loved it.

After what felt like forever, the traffic began moving again. Slowly but surely, one after the other the cars continued on their way. Zora could just see the horizon starting to shift, and like a wave the cars began to move. She gradually increased the speed on the truck until she was travelling at a reasonable pace, then realised there was something she’d been neglecting. Pulling over into a gas station, she walked out and grabbed a bite to eat, and something to drink.

Zora’s diet was not what one would call healthy. She ate junk food from gas stations pretty much every day, and most of her liquid intake was just soft drinks and energy drinks. When she came out of the gas station, Zora was carrying three burgers, a bag of fries and a 1 litre bottle of coca-cola, which was a pretty reasonable amount of food for her. She was hungry after waiting in traffic for so long, and she wanted something to satisfy her hunger until the evening, and quench her thirst. Sitting in the seat of her truck, she began to eat, greedily devouring the burgers and fries, and practically chugging the cola, throwing the empty bottle down into the back along with the rest. She was sure, checking the route earlier, that after a short while she’d come to some more gas stations, so she could pull into one of them and go to the toilet if the urge got too strong, but for now, she just felt happy about the prospects for the day ahead.

Soon afterwards, Zora pulled out the gas station and continued on her way. She noticed that she wasn’t passing through so much traffic anymore; the satnav she used to tell her the way to go was directing her further and further out into the desert. Before, Zora might’ve ignored the thing, but in truth it had been a massive help to her over the years, and she trusted its wayfinding software.

About an hour and a half after Zora had left the gas station, she began to feel an all-too-familiar pull down from her bladder area. Evidently the cola had filled up her bladder pretty fast, and she could almost feel herself getting more and more needy by the second. Fortunately Zora was blessed with a big enough bladder that she could ignore it; when she was starting out, she’d impressed her mentors by driving one of their entire routes without taking a piss, something that no other trucker had done, although by the end she was so desperate she could barely move, and her panties hadn’t escaped unscathed.

Zora scanned the road for signs of a gas station nearby, but she couldn’t see any. The expanse of the road went on and on; her mind wandered back to using her emergency bottles, but she wasn’t super desperate yet. A bladder bulge was starting to stretch into her jeans from all the liquid that was being pumped into it by her kidneys, pushing the fabric out a little bit, although it wasn’t too noticeable... yet.

After a short while, Zora finally saw the sign she’d been looking for – “Roadside Facilities 5km ahead” – she breathed a sigh of relief. Evidently she wasn’t going to have to use her emergency bottles after all. She pulled up at a modern-looking service station that was comprised of a gas station, Starbucks and a small visitor centre. Quickly, she hopped out and dashed across to the sign for the women’s restroom. Turning a corner, she walked smack into another woman, a slim girl maybe a couple years younger than her, with very long blonde hair. The girl’s face was scrunched up, and looking past her Zora could see a line of women stretching into the bathroom. There were at twelve women, all in various stages of desperation, and Zora could hear a newly-queuing woman behind her moan “Oh no.”

Clearly, it was going to take a while for the queue to clear up. Zora tapped her foot on the ground, humming to herself to distract from her aching bladder. The girl up ahead seemed in a worse state; she was clenching her fists in and out and bouncing around desperately. Her tight green dress was stretched taught across her bladder bulge. After five minutes of waiting, the girl up ahead tapped the woman in front of her on the shoulder and said “I’m really sorry, but could I jump ahead? I’m really really bursting for the loo.”

Some of the other women looked at her with pity, and sure enough they let the poor girl stagger a few places forward in the line, until she was the next person for the toilet. Zora thought about doing the same thing, but she didn’t have to go that badly. All of a sudden she felt a surge of nausea. Maybe it was the bathroom, or being stuck in a line with several other women who all badly needed the toilet, but Zora was beginning to feel like she had to take a crap. Her stomach gurgled menacingly.

Before long, one of the girls finished using the toilet, and the blonde-haired girl was free to use the toilet at last. As soon as the cubicle door was shut, Zora could clearly hear her pulling down her panties, before an ear-splitting hissssss filled the bathroom, followed shortly thereafter by the inescapable audio of urine forcefully spraying against the inside of a toilet bowl. The poor girl must’ve been absolutely bursting. After thirty seconds, the monstrous stream stopped, and after a few final squirts of piss as the girl emptied her bladder, there was silence.

Please be done, Zora thought to herself, almost saying it out loud. Her desperation was getting worse and worse, and she knew now that she definitely had to take a shit. The greasy food from the gas station had passed straight through her, and she hoped that it wasn’t diarrhoea. Not only would that disrupt her journey for the rest of the day, but she also didn’t want to have the rest of the women in the queue listening to her take a dump.

One of the other girls in the cubicles didn’t seem to have that problem however. Zora heard a loud grunt, and then a load of soft shit flop into the toilet accompanied by loud sharts. It was getting harder and harder for her to hold it; the more women used the bathroom, the more she felt she was closer to losing it in her panties.

The blonde girl who’d just taken a big piss in the toilet eventually emerged (Zora noticed a sizeable dark streak on the inside of her thigh that could only be explained by an accidental release). She was getting desperate.

“Excuse me, could I cut in line?” Zora said as nicely as she could manage.

However, this time the woman in front of her turned around with a pained expression on her face. He clenched her teeth and said:

“Oooh, I’m sorry, but I’m literally about to wet myself. I won’t be long when it’s my turn, I promise.” Then she turned back to towards the toilet cubicles.

Zora was starting to get angry. Why couldn’t this damn woman see how badly she had to go? She was very tempted to say something along the lines of ‘Yeah? Well so am I!’ and then push her way through to a long relieving piss and shit. This was becoming an emergency; she didn’t care if the other women could hear her taking a dump. Sooner or later it was coming out, whether she wanted it to or not.

She had to make a decision. She could either stay here and risk having an accident whilst she waited for the other women to slowly hobble into the toilet, take their nice long relaxing pees, and then slowly walk back out again, or alternatively she could get back in her truck and head to the next gas station, hoping that it wouldn’t be nearby as busy as this one.

It was no contest. Fuck this, Zora thought, and walked straight out of line and back to her truck, her walk stilted by her need to relieve herself. As soon as she was back in her seat, her stomach and bladder settled and she felt the need to go slowly fade away a little bit. Glancing at the back of the truck, she saw her emergency piss bottles, but in truth she didn’t know if she could hold her bowels back at the same time as she pissed. She’d heard of other truckers shitting into disposable bags, but she’d never seriously contemplated that sort of thing... until now.

Keeping an eye out for any sign of another service station, Zora began to get more and more frustrated. It was like fate had conspired to make her have an accident; even sitting down wasn’t helping her much anymore. Looking down she could quite clearly see her bladder bulge stretching the waistline on her jeans, like a solid rock of piss dragging her deeper into the chair. Her bowels were moaning constantly too; she had to clench her sphincter several times to prevent any unintentional release.

After a little bit of searching, Zora finally saw the sign for a gas station. She pulled up to it like she had the last one, only to see a couple of police cars waiting there. Oh what the fuck? Zora thought to herself in frustration. She parked the car and was just about to head in the direction of the toilets when two Police Officers walked up to her.

“Excuse me ma’am, could we have a word with you?”

“Sorry, but I’m really desperate for the loo. Could I talk to you in like ten minutes? I won’t run off, I swear.”

“Actually this is quite important. You need to come inside with us.”

Zora could see the Police weren’t fucking around. Despite the dull aches from her bladder and bowels, she followed the Police Officers into the gas station, turning briefly to see another Policeman writing down her number plate. Sitting down, she tried to look normal as she shifted around in her seat.

“Do you know why I’m talking to you?”

“Uh... no, sorry.”

“I want you to listen closely to what I’m saying, and answer truthfully. Can you do that?”

“Yeah sure.” Let me go to the toilet already, Zora thought.

“We’re here because we have reason to believe that a group of very unpleasant individuals is shipping hard drugs across the country, and using this gas station as a transfer point. Do you know anything about that?”

“No officer,” Zora said. Her face was rapidly becoming very sweaty due to her need to relieve herself, and the fact that it was probably making her look more guilty was making her sweat even harder.

“Ok, well we’ll need to search your van. I hope you understand that we’re just doing our jobs, and we don’t intend to keep you for too long, just until we’re sure that you’re not involved in any of this business. You clear?”

“Ye-yeah officer,” Zora said.

Going back outside, Zora opened the back doors to the truck and let three policemen in. Despite their claims not to keep her too long, they seemed to be rifling through every nook and cranny, even knocking on solid surfaces to see if they were hollow. Suddenly, another surge of desperation overtook Zora, and she grasped her bladder with her hands.

“You alright?” said the Policeman sceptically.

“I really – REALLY have to use the toilet,” said Zora. Her desperation was getting out of control.

The Policeman raised an eyebrow.

“Okay, we can let you use the toilet, but first we’re just gonna give you a pat down, to make sure you’ve nothing on your person.”

Fucking bullshit! Zora thought. Why won’t he let me fucking piss!

Fortunately, the pat down wasn’t as invasive as Zora had expected, and after a little while of desperately trying not to wet herself whilst standing with her feet apart, she was allowed to dash off to the toilet.

Arriving at the toilet bloc, she discovered it was completely cordoned off with police tape, and several officers were swarming around, taking swabs off the sides of walls and other weird places. Zora was getting extremely angry. First the Police hold her up, and now they close the toilets down! A policewoman with a big walkie-talkie turned and looked at her.

“Yeah... yeah... hold on, there’s a woman here. Talk to you in a minute.”

She turned to Zora.

“Can I help you ma’am?”

“I need a fucking piss!” Zora was in no mood to be nice anymore.

“Woah, easy there ma’am. You can’t use these toilets, but there’s another gas station not far from here. I’d advise you to go there if you’re desperate.”

Zora was absolutely furious. That was the gas station she’d just come from. No way was she driving back all the way over there when she couldn’t even guarantee that there wouldn’t be a queue that was just as if not longer than the one she’d just escaped from. Besides, Zora’s stomach gave a gurgle that signalled she might not even be able to hold it until she arrived.

Zora glared at the policewoman before turning around and angrily stomping back her truck. When it came back into view however, she saw the policemen shut the side door, with one of them carrying a black bag in his arms.

“Hey! That’s my stuff!” she roared, racing towards him. The Policeman seemed taken aback “Uh... it’s just trash, ma’am. We thought we’d do a good deed by helping you clean up a bit, see?” he said, opening the side door. It certainly seemed a lot cleaner; Zora was suddenly hit by the fact that she couldn’t remember the last time she’d properly cleaned it out.

“Oh, well... uhh... thanks,” she muttered quietly.

“Uh, well you can have it back if you want ma’am,” said the police officer.

“No, it’s fine,” said Zora quickly. She wanted to escape the embarrassing situation as fast as possible.

The Policeman she’d spoken to inside the gas station handed her a form to sign. She filled out her name and identifying information and the Policeman took a photo of her driver’s licence before letting her go on her way. Zora pulled out of the gas station as fast as she could, and headed out into the wild expanse.

As soon as she was sufficiently far from civilisation, Zora made a strategic decision to deal with her problems. She couldn’t relieve her bowels in the truck, but maybe if she relieved her bladder it would somehow take the stress off a bit. She really was out of options. She left her seat and headed into the back to search for her emergency bottles.

It was empty.

Zora wanted to scream. She wanted to curse the Police for denying her the opportunity to relieve herself, but after a few seconds the rational part of her brain took over, and she realised they’d had no way of knowing they were her emergency option. She just put her back against the wall, sinking until her fat ass was touching the floor, and put her face in her hands. She took a glance outside the window, to see if there was any cover for her to pop a squat by the side of the road, but it was flat and empty, and every few minutes a car would pass. She dreaded what would happen if she saw a picture of herself on social media taking a shit by the side of the road. It was hopeless, her struggle was over.

But wait! She had an idea.

There was always one bottle that Zora kept topped up with water in case she got dehydrated in the hot daytime heat. It was risky, but it was better than wetting herself.

She plucked the bottle from out under the passenger seat and chugged as much as possible, clutching her pussy with one hand as she held the bottle with the other. When she had drunken enough so that were was no chance of her being thirsty in the next hour, she tipped the rest of the water out of the window. The splashing of water on the dry earth was absolute agony. She groaned, and felt a small wet feeling between her legs, like a dribble of hot water that ran between her asscheeks. She tried to tell herself that it was just sweat from the heat, sniffing the air just to confirm that it wasn’t pee. Despite what she was telling herself, she was consciously panicking. Did I just piss myself a bit? She asked.

Quickly, she rolled back up the window and pulled the bottle inside before she could squirt any more. Carefully, she pulled down her jeans, making careful sure that nobody could see what she was doing through the windows. Her pussy was exposed to the air, freed from the hot torment of her damp jeans. Looking down, she could see her bladder bulge stretching out, from a distance below her naval to right above her neat patch of pubic hair. The relaxing sensation of exposing her pussy to the air had other effects, however, and a second later a tiny drip of piss sprinkled out of her. This time there was no doubt at all that it was piss, as it splashed a little bit on the steering wheel and made a minute damp patch on her shirt.

Quickly, Zora stuffed the bottle up against her pussy as hard as she could, making sure that the rim of the bottle was just above her vaginal entrance to where she could feel her urethra. With a sigh, she released.

Within seconds, boiling hot urine torrented into the bottle with a distorted hiss. The force of her urination was actually making the bottle shake in her hands; she had to grasp it with both of them in order to keep it steady. Looking down, she could see her piss was a deep yellow colour, almost orange with how long it had been contained in her cavernous bladder. As the bottle filled up, the heat of the urine was actually causing her hands physical pain through the plastic. Fortunately the rim of the bottle was just the right size to capture the majority of her release, although a few drips trickled down from underneath, wetting her pussy slightly.

Zora was in a world of her own, her little world of bliss. It was almost like having an orgasm, feeling finally free to piss all her problems away in a powerful blast. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling.

“Aaaagh! Fuck!” she screamed as her hands were engulfed in a burning sensation. She instinctively corked off the rest of her piss and tried not to spill the bottle everywhere as she was awoken from her blissful relief.

Quickly, she put the bottle into the cup-holder and looked at her hands. They were soaked in scorching hot piss, steam literally rising from the heat of her urine. She turned to see that the bottle was completely full to the brim, the dark golden urine radiating heat against her thigh.

She shouted again, just a wild animalistic roar of anger. Though she’d released the majority of her urine, there was still a significant amount left, and her bowels were worse than ever. But the main priority of was cleaning the piss off her hands. She clambered over the seats to the back, trying not to get drops of piss everywhere, and grabbed her towel, using it to dry the steering wheel and her hands. Putting the lid on her bottle of piss, she opened the door and got out, preparing to squat as close to the truck as possible to prevent people from watching. It was gross, but there was nothing else she could do.

As soon as she stood up on the dry earth, she felt her bowels try to release. The pain was worse than ever; she narrowly avoided grabbing her ass with her hand in case her sphincter failed her. She set the bottle down next to her and cautiously undid her jeans. She was just about to unleash her shit when she heard the sound of police sirens coming from the direction of the last gas station. They were coming towards her.

She quickly grabbed her jeans and pulled them back up again. The idea of getting fined for public indecency was easily one of her worst toilet-related fears. She pressed herself up against the side of the truck as she waited for the police car to stop next to her. But it didn’t; it carried on past her and went off into the wilderness.

Zora was beyond anything. There was absolutely no way she was going to pop a squat; the Police car had ended that hope. She just didn’t feel comfortable with it at all. She grabbed the bottle of piss and launched it as far from the truck as possible, as a fuck you to her desperation, before climbing back into the driver’s seat.

Once sat down, she gritted her teeth, willing herself not to shit herself. “I have to make it to the next gas station,” she said out loud, as if saying it would compel her body to obey. And slowly, she took off.

Each second felt like absolute agony. Her bowels were twisting, her bladder was launching a revolution to get rid of the last bit of her urine. Suddenly, she could take it no more. She gave up.

There was a squirt, and she felt her jeans get re-dampened. Then there was another, and she could feel hot wetness around her pussy, then another, and the wetness began to creep up between her asscrack. She dared not take her eyes off the road, but every squirt she could feel wetness creeping around her butt, down the back of her thighs, her legs and ankles, then her feet, and finally the wet patter of urine on the floor of her truck. She could feel it frothing and smell the sweetness of it; evidently the result of all the cola and energy drinks she’d drunken.

“Please... no!” was all she could say, as her bowels made one final push.

There was an enormous explosion of greasy wet shit in her jeans. Wet logs of poop just folded out of her, filling her asscrack and spreading all around her butt. More and more just erupted out of her, like stepping on a tube of toothpaste. It splashed down her legs, some of it even getting pushed so far up her back that it began oozing down the back of her jeans. The wet, oily shit was forced down her legs, but the majority of the soft-solid logs stayed in her panties. Every time Zora moved, she could feel the soft shit squelch and reform in her jeans, as it moulded itself around the shape of her buttocks. She couldn’t bear to look down, her face streaked with shame and embarrassment. The smell was horrid; clearly the food had been awful for her digestive system, which is why it had gone out so fast.

However, despite the terrible situation of having to clean herself up, she was felt outrageously relieved. The sheer bliss of not having to worry about accidentally spilling her bladder or bowels was incredible; she felt like she’d lost half her body weight. It was the greatest feeling she’d felt all day.

When she found a place to pull over, she carefully took her clothes off and put them in a plastic bag, before scrubbing herself with the towel and changing into some fresh clothes. Fortunately, she was able to use the shower at a depot a short distance away, and she returned with an enormous amount of cleaning supplies. It took a while, but eventually the truck was clean again, and the only evidence of her accident was a shit-covered pair of jeans and panties that she stuffed into a litter bin before running back to her truck.

Sitting there, back on the road, she recounted her adventure in her mind. It had been tough, she’d come close to shitting herself in front of other people a few times. As horrible as it was to have an accident in her panties, she was just glad that nobody else knew. It was a little secret that she’d surely keep with her for the rest of her trucking career... well, until the next time she had an accident that is.

