The Last Valkyrie: Thor Ragnarok Fanfiction

Author: herrokitty

*000*2017-11-14 00:24

Hey all, I recently watched Thor: Ragnarok and couldn't help but compare the Valkyrie to all the Valkyrie-esque stories here, especially by people like LivingInfinite. It was rather uncomfortable to spend the theatre thinking about Tessa Thompson having accidents while I was next to my date! Anyway, since Tessa Thompson is also a big crush of mine, I thought I'd try to write something following her character. If you want to get a sense of her two outfits in the movie

I'm going to write this in multiple chapters, though I've got some free time right now and might try to crank out multiple chapters tonight. There's a finite end - by the end of the movie, but there is room for flashback as well.

Chapter 1: Capturing the Hulk

Scrapper 142 sat in her ship, waiting to see the fight. Both competitors were her captures - one, Thor, God of Thunder, and the other, the Hulk: her biggest prize and reigning champion. She was intrigued because Thor was the first person who might be able to put up a fight. It was a long time since she had seen an Asgardian in combat (besides herself). The sight of another Asgardian brought up unwanted memories, and their earlier conversation where he recognized her as a Valkyrie, Asgard's elite female warriors, did not help. He pleaded for her help, but didn't he understand she was on this godforsaken rock to forget? She opened her bottle of alcohol and took a pull. There was so much death, destruction, lost friends she was trying to drown out. There were also her many accidents... She took another pull.

The fight was a good one - evenly matched, at least until the Grandmaster used the Control Disk to paralyze Thor and ensure his champion's victory. She winced as she saw the Hulk's winning punch. She remembered capturing the Hulk vividly. It wasn't an easy one, that's for sure.

It happened in a time where she had gone quite the stretch without a bounty. Her credits were running low; she blew through money at an astonishingly fast pace, in large part due to her constant drinking. She NEEDED to get a fighter for the Grandmaster to keep his favor and keep the money rolling in. She had seen a ship drop out of a portal and immediately chased it to its crash site.

When she arrived, she came across a scene of destruction rarely seen on Sakaar, even with its lawlessness. It was hard to tell what debris was thrown around and what was where it originally landed, but the bodies of dozens of scrappers and blood splattered across the ground highlighted how much was displaced. Amidst the dust and death, a giant green monster stood, shouting at his most recent victim. Scrapper 142 felt her bladder press down, a common feeling for someone who drank so much, and it wasn't helped by the twinge of fear at the sight. The last time she had seen such devastation didn't end well. She crossed her legs as she debated how to proceed.

Within a few seconds, however, Topaz arrived in her ship. Usually, Topaz didn't leave the Grandmaster's side, but the commotion must have been so obvious that he sent her to investigate. There was no way she was letting Topaz, who hated her guts, score the capture. Topaz was already getting paid as a bodyguard. She heard Topaz's message through the intercom: "Stay back. He's mine."

"Like hell," Scrapper 142 muttered. She grabbed a Control Disk and lept off her ship, landing behind the green monster. She swayed dangerously, her balance thrown off by her drinking. The awkward landing got its attention and it turned to face her. The sight escalated her fear, and she couldn't help but feel a trickle leak out of her. She cursed at herself - she was a legendary Valkyrie, goddamnit! - and she ran at the monster. It reared its arm back, but she managed to slap a disk onto its neck before he struck. She landed past him, another trickle warming her crotch upon landing, and turned around to activate it.

Instead, she was greeted by a solid punch to her gut, the fist the size of her torso. She flew back a couple dozen feet and momentarily blacked out, her last thought her realizing she was pissing freely. When she came to, she realized she had shit herself as well. She didn't even feel the need to go, but a punch to the gut must have made that happen. The lump pushed back the leather material, creating a bulge she hoped her cape covered. The piss didn't go through her leather pants, instead pooling inside her boots. She felt them squelch as she got up. A green blur came at her and she instinctively pressed the button to activate the disk, praying it was strong enough to contain this monster. To her relief, it froze stiff as a board, its momentum causing it to slide across the dirt and come to a stop at her feet.

She looked up and Topaz was sneering back down at her. "Alright, you get this one, but I'll make sure the Grandmaster knows you shit yourself in the process."

Scrapper 142's ears burned in embarrassment. Wordlessly, she threw the Hulk into her ship and ran in, ignoring the warm load in her seat. She had to beat Topaz back to the Grandmaster. She started up the engines and chased after Topaz's ship. When she was sure the ship was going in the right direction, she ran to the bathroom and dumped her boots out. The leather meant none of the urine leaked through, and while the inside of her pants were clearly wet, it was hard to tell from the outside. She had no time to change anyway and frankly, this was her usual outfit for the public. She deftly pulled down her pants and underwear, an orange-sized brown mound inside. She dumped it out and pulled her pants back up, grimacing at the feel of her dirty ass.

She ran back to the pilot's seat and breathed a sigh of relief - she was still right behind Topaz. She sat down, grimacing again at the feel, and gunned it.

She had spent hundreds of years modding this ship, and it was definitely faster than Topaz's. She easily overtook the bodyguard and prepared the Hulk for the Grandmaster. By the time Topaz arrived, the Grandmaster was already congratulating her. He smiled at the sight of her bodyguard. "Ah, Topaz, glad you could join us. It seems Scrapper 142 beat you to the punch! Please transfer 15 million credits to her. Topaz balked, but she did as she was told. To pass the time, the Grandmaster asked, "Say, Topaz, what does this fighter smell like?" Topaz looked straight at Scrapper 142 and said, "Piss and shit." The Grandmaster coughed. "Wow, that's a bit of foul language there. Very coarse, even for you. Can't expect a monster like this to smell great, though." She sneered again at Scrapper 142 and said, "You sure SHE didn't have any accidents?" The Grandmaster glanced over. "Of course not, look at her! She doesn't have a scratch on her. She is the best."

Scrapper 142, shifted uncomfortably, but she had to put on a show. Despite how unsexy she felt, she winked flirtatiously at the Grandmaster, knowing he would swoon for her. After the credits were transferred, she quickly rushed out of the room to clean herself up.

Back in the present, Scrapper 142 felt a dribble of urine at the traumatic memory and quickly got her ship out of the arena so she could head to the bathroom once more.

*002*2017-11-14 01:01

Chapter 2: Loki and the Past

Thor and the Hulk had escaped. She had come to the Hulk's room to take him training; after a while of using the Control Disk to get him to obey, he had actually begun to rely on her as a friend and trainer, though she always remembered to use the bathroom before sessions. She had even removed the Disk from him to further that trust. However, this time, Thor tricked her into getting the device controlling his Disk and they had made their escape.

The Grandmaster had tasked her and Loki to compete on capturing. As they walked out, she fumed at the thought of having to recapture both of them AND keep Loki at bay. Here she was, avoiding her problems, and two gods, brothers to her worst nightmare, the God of Death, were in the way.

Loki chided her as they left the Grandmaster. "What have you done?"

She flippantly responded, "I don't answer to you, Lucky."

He stopped and grabbed her wrist. "It's Loki. And you will answer to the Grandmaster."

She responded with a flurry of attacks, a couple he countered before she easily punched him in the face. To be honest, she just wanted him away so she could get to the ship and use the bathroom. He quickly regrouped and pulled out a knife. "Why would you help my brother to escape?"

She pulled out her own knife. "I don't help anyone."

They began to spar, trading but always countering each others' attacks. At one point he saw her outstretched wrist and said, astonished, "You're a Valkyrie!"

Scrapper 142 groaned internally. Yet another Asgardian discovering her identity. She made sure to redouble her efforts, ending with another punch and then a kick to send him onto his butt and against the wall. He, however, mocked her. "I thought the Valkyries had all died gruesome deaths."

Enraged, Scrapper 142 pinned Loki down and snarled, "Choose your next words wisely."

Loki sarcastically responded, "I'm terribly sorry. Must be a very painful memory."

He grabbed her head and she relived her worst nightmare...

It was her and her hundreds of comrades marching through the sky, flying on their winged horses, their Valkyrior Steeds. They were battle hardened, the best of the best, Odin's personal special forces... they were the Valkyries. They thundered down at one individual, Hela, Odin's daughter, Goddess of Death. Scrapper 142, then known as Brunnhilde, drew her sword to prepare the attack. She was dressed in all white armor, plate and chain mail, instead of her brown leather of Sakaar. Hela responded in kind, making thousands of swords appear out of thin air and fly straight at her and the Valkyries.

Her steed was pierced dozens of times and she slipped off, falling to the ground, her comrades and their steed falling all around her. Fear seized her as she realized they would be decimated without landing a single blow. Odin sent her and her fellow Valkyries to their deaths just to settle a family dispute. Her bladder involuntarily squeezed as piss pooled in her white armor. It flowed right through her panties and then through her chain mail, meaning she landed in her own puddle.

Around her, the smell of death permeated, along with a heavy smell of shit, from both living and dead. She got up and raised her sword, preparing the charge on foot with the remaining Valkyries. As she approached, Hela summoned a specific sword just for her. Brunnhilde raised her sword, but froze in fright as she felt her bowels push down. The Valkyrie next to her pushed Brunnhilde out of the way as the sword pierced her savior's chest. Brunnhilde felt the familiar feeling of shit flowing out and pushing against her armor, ashamed at her fear and her weakness, guilt at the death around her, and hatred at Hela and the Asgardian rulers.

The armor was rigid and didn't allow any sort of bulge, but she felt it more acutely than her body's pain or the sensation of falling as she fell away from the battlefield. She could hear her own squelches and farts over the din of the battle. The last sight before she lost consciousness Hela sneering at her, untouched. Brunnhilde's last thought before passing through an unseen portal to another world was jealousy at Hela's clearly unstained outfit.

Scrapper 142 suddenly jerked back to the present day, the momentum of falling away from Loki turning her over onto her stomach. The fear of that memory lingered, causing her bowels to move down. That memory always caused her to shit herself, and that was why she drank. If she didn't drink before she slept, she would dream that moment, and without fail she would wake up with a soggy and smelly bed.

She realized that a turd was snaking its way out of her anus and into her pants with her ass facing Loki. In milliseconds, a clear bulge would appear and Loki would not only read her memory of messing herself, but witness an accident too. She quickly kicked him back down, the sound of his falling masking the sound of a particularly juicy fart, before she straddled him to pin him down and punched him unconscious, ignoring the fact that she was pooping directly onto his stomach. She felt her bladder let go as well, and she got up and off of him so she wouldn't cover his clothes in piss, quickly carrying him to her ship so she could tie him up and clean up before he came to and realized what she had done. She cursed herself for having yet another accident, but she felt lucky in getting away with it yet again.

She had to clean up fast and then find Thor. Reliving the memory, however unpleasant, reminded her that she had a score to settle with Hela. Maybe, with Thor, she could succeed in taking him down. And in the back of her head, she thought, "Maybe I can see Hela shit herself, too."

*003*2017-11-14 01:50

Chapter 3: Escape off Sakaar

The Valkyrie had just dropped Bruce Banner off with Thor in the Commodore. They had created a diversion by kickstarting a revolution among the locals, but Topaz was still hot on their tails. The Commodore was no help, since it had no weapons and was used for... well, the Grandmaster's orgies.

Topaz fired another series of shots, this one disabling one of the engines. Brunnhilde quickly saw that the ship was toast and, without pause and, for the first time in a long time, without fear, leapt out of the ship as it exploded. She timed it perfectly, grabbing onto the Commodore's side. Thor shouted, "Get inside!"

Brunnhilde looked back and saw five ships chasing them. She responded, "In a minute!"

Brunnhilde leapt off, landing on another ship and piercing its fuel tank before leaping onto another. She couldn't help but think that she was in total control, both of her fighting and her bodily functions, and that confidence drove her to her fighting best. Thor leapt into battle with her, and they took down the ships with ease. They jumped back into the Commodore, Brunnhilde giving Thor a confident smirk. She had taken down three spaceships in midair with a simple sword and she didn't have a single leak or a single gassy fart... maybe they had a shot against Hela after all.

They quickly shot through the wormhole, nicknamed Devil's Anus. The g-forces were immense and the ship barely held... Brunnhilde struggled to stay conscious. She was afraid of what her body would do if she lost consciousness. Blackness crept into the corners of her eyes, though, and she slowly blacked out.

Her unconscious mind took her to memories of one of her lowest moments. It was early in her career, much before Hela was an enemy. In fact, Hela was standing next to Odin, his commander and executioner, as Odin briefed them on their mission. Brunnhilde stood in front of her Valkyrior, newly recognized as their commander. She hoped the Valkyrie next to her, a tall and brawny blonde named Hildegarde, was paying attention, though, because she was concentrating intensely on not having an accident.

Brunnhilde, like most of the Valkyrie, had plenty of accidents on the battlefield, so there was no shame of it in their ranks. Off the battlefield, though... Brunnhilde had yet to see a Valkyrie soil herself like she felt she was going to. She had celebrated long and hard last night, eating and drinking heavily, due to a previously victorious battle. She had awoken much later than intended and had to quickly dress herself in her armor to lead her troops to the palace and report to Odin. In all the hurry, she hadn't had a chance to use the bathroom, and last night's feast already worked through her body. She shifted uncomfortably as Odin went on about which of the nine worlds this enemy was located on. Her buttcheeks were tightly clenched and she was grateful that wouldn't be visible through her cape and armor. As she clenched her ass, she felt her bladder squeeze, but as she subtly knocked her knees together, she felt her bowels push. She could not hold both ends off for much longer...

Odin finished speaking and looked at her expectantly. She had heard nothing he had said and the moment of panic caused a quick one second squirt, warming her crotch and her white panties that matched her white armor. She stuttered, "Y-yes, sir," hoping that would make sense. He seemed satisfied with that, so she backed away from Odin and turned to dismiss her troops. Odin called out, "Oh, one more thing."

Brunnhilde froze and turned, trying to appear calm. A small trickle started, and she knew her underwear would hold back no more. Odin cleared his throat. "Excellent job on the last mission. I'm glad leadership suits you so well."

Brunnhilde would be honored, but she just needed to get out of there. She bowed, feeling the piss trickle down her thighs. "Thank you, your highness."

As she bowed, se felt her anus open up and the first turd push through. As she jerked back up, she felt it push back against her underwear and stop. Her peeing accelerated, two or three splotches landing on the floor. She glanced around and to her relief, Odin and his palace guards weren't even looking at her. She looked to Odin's right, though, and saw Hela stare right at her. She glanced down at the floor and smirked. Blushing bright red, Brunnhilde turned around and marched out, squeezing herself shut and keeping the piss down to a slow trickle down her legs.

She left the palace and made a beeline to the bathroom. However, she smacked right into Hildegarde. Hildegarde towered over her, but Brunnhilde was the commander. "M'am, are you alright? You seemed uncomfortable in that briefing."

Brunnhilde gasped, "I'm fine. Just hungover from last night."

Hildegarde chuckled. "Me too. All that mead made everything work its way through quickly... I'm actually just on my way to the restroom. I'll see you back at the barracks!"

Brunnhilde stood there, stunned. Hildegarde took the single room restroom in front of her and Brunnhilde couldn't do anything except feel more liquid trickle down her thighs. She jumped into action and made her way to her barracks where she had her own bathroom. As she marched down the public streets, she hoped no one could see the liquid glistening along the chain mail along her thighs. She was freely peeing as she went, now, focused on holding back her bowels. She was leaving behind puddles on the ground, but she hoped no one would notice in the crowd.

By the time she got to her barracks, her bladder was empty, but her bowels were still pushing down. She groaned as she leaned against the door and the first turd, halfway out already, just slipped right into her underwear. It was followed by a tremendous, loud, and wet fart. She quickly slipped through the door and headed to her room before round two attacked. She was stopped again, though, by Hildegarde's sister, Krista. Krista asked, "Have you seen my sister? I seemed to have lost her since the meeting."

Brunnhilde winced as she felt a second turd descend. "She --aahh-- stopped in the restroom on her way. I'm --oof-- sure she'll be here soon." Brunnhilde felt the second shit push through, trying her best to talk normally as she actively shit herself further. Krista looked at her, concerned at her distractedness, but thought not to press it. "Thank you, commander."

Brunnhilde continued to her room, bowels overloading her panties. A wetter mess followed that turd, a product of her heavy drinking, and a the aroma of shit surrounded her. She quickly burst into her bathroom and locked the door as the rest just dropped out of her, overflowing her now destroyed panties and staining her chain mail, dropping bits of shit onto the ground. She groaned at the thought of cleanup, then slowly began the process of taking her armor off.

At the present day, Brunnhilde came to with a start and quickly realized they made it through to the other side. She also noticed that she didn't piss or shit herself, despite her memories. She took solace in that as she realized they had now arrived in Asgard.

*006*2017-11-14 06:19

Chapter 4: The Final Fight

The Valkyrie, Bruce Banner, and Thor. Together, they had their desperate plan in place. Brunnhilde would drop Thor off at the palace to draw Hela away while she and Bruce helped Heimdall evacuate the Asgardians off-planet.

Brunnhilde landed the Commodore and Thor handed her a turret he had "commandeered" earlier. "Here. Now this ship has a gun," he joked.

The Valkyrie smiled back. "I'll take it from here."

Thor pulled something white and blue out. "I found... uh... this. In the armory."

He handed it to Brunnhilde. It was her old uniform and armor. She felt a rush of emotions. Honor and pride to be a Valkyrie. Determination to succeed. Mourning at her lost comrades. And most of all... embarrassment. The uniform was great at giving the veneer of demigod, but the inside had been stained time and time again... she hoped he hadn't noticed. She looked back at him, expecting the worst. All Thor did, though, was smile and say, "Good luck."

She felt that lack of acknowledgement was a tacit sign of respect. She stood up suddenly. "Your majesty... don't die." Thor smiled faintly at the backhanded wish. Brunnhilde followed up, "You know what I mean."

Then, Bruce took the ship up and away.

Brunnhilde went into the bathroom to change. She stripped off the leather armor, beaten up, recently cleaned, though probably still smelling faintly of her bodily functions if she really tried to take a whiff, and stood in the bathroom in just her (new and clean) white panties. She eyed the toilet, wondering if she should try to go before the big fight. Bruce spoke over the intercom system at that moment, though. "We'll be there soon, make sure to set the turret up."

So. No time. Brunnhilde donned her armor over her underwear as fast as she could and stepped out. Her blue cape flowing behind her, she felt more confident than she ever had in her career. They were going to save Asgard. With that determination, she strapped the turret up and made ready to rain hell.

The ship flew to the refugee Asgardians trying to cross the Bifrost. Dead in their tracks was the Fenris wolf, a giant undead wolf larger than their ship. It began its charge at the Asgardians, running down the bridge.

"Now!" She shouted at Bruce. They broke through the clouds and she opened fire, too high up for the wolf to attack. The refugees backed away from the wolf, but on the other side was Hela's undead soldiers. They were caught in-between.

Despite raining a torrent of bullets, the wolf was merely slowed, not stopped. The turret ran out of bullets and for the first time that night, she felt a bit of fear creep up. With it, she was made to notice her full bladder and bowels. She pushed that aside and turned to Bruce. "This stupid thing won't die!"

Much to Brunnhilde's confusion, the mild-mannered and small Bruce Banner saw the fear on her face and reassured her, "Everything's gonna be alright now. I got this. You wanted to know who I am?"

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"You'll see!"

Bruce then jumped out the ship. A knot formed in the Valkyrie's gut, fearing for him. To her astonishment, though, after a gruesome landing... he rose as the Hulk. The Hulk grabbed the wolf and threw them both into the water below the bridge, taking that threat away from the refugees.

Brunnhilde was quickly distracted by the undead soldiers jumping on the ship. She quickly jumped on the controls and tried to save it, but the soldiers ripped off as many bits and pieces as they could. She struggled to control the ship and realized she'd have to put the ship down as soon as possible. She focused on avoiding the refugees, ignoring the split second squirt as she crashed through the pillars and another, longer squirt as she smashed into the Bifrost and came to a stop.

Brunnhilde scanned out the window, wondering if she could get to the refugees in time. Fortunately, at that moment, a huge ship cleared the sky. She saw Loki and rebels from Sakaar drop in, picking up the refugees and fighting off the closest undead soldiers. Moments after, a huge lightning bolt crashed into the palace. Brunnhilde cleared the last soldiers off the ship and smiled at the sight. That had to be Thor.

Her confidence was rewarded by Thor charging across the Bifrost, casting aside undead soldiers with ease. Now was the time to push from the opposite end, Brummhilde thought. She lept out of the ship and marched her way towards the undead soldiers on her side, the Commodore shooting off fireworks in a last hurrah.

Undead soldiers approached her, but she dispatched them with ease. Despite her full feeling bladder and bowels, she was more self-assured than ever. Despite being brought back by the darkest of magic by the most powerful of goddesses, they were no match for a Valkyrie, permanently drunk or not.

Soon, the refugees and Sakaarans were all evacuated on board the space ship. Bruunhilde approached Loki and Thor as they met in the middle, bantering. As the Valkyrie approached, she saw Thor had lost an eye. Loki noticed as well, bluntly stating, "You're missing an eye."

The Valkyrie had no time to react, though. She saw what was at the end of the road approaching. She sped past the two brothers and said, "This isn't over."

The three regrouped and approached Hela cautiously. Bruunhilde watched in disbelief as Hela seemed without a scratch, despite Thor unleashing his full powers on him. The fear caused another squirt and Bruunhilde could feel the soaked crotch of her panties rubbing against her. Thor, too, seemed surprised, though he put a better face on it. "I think we should disband the Revengers..." he joked.

Loki wasn't giving up. "Hit her with a lightning blast."

Thor bickered, "I just hit her with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lightning and it did nothing!"

Bruunhilde tried to act confident. "We just need to hold her off until everyone's on board."

Thor shook his head. "It won't end there. The longer Hela's on Asgard the stronger she grows. She'll hunt us down. We need to stop her here and now."

"So what do we do?"

Thor looked back and hardened his resolve. "Asgard's not a place, it's a people. Loki... this was never about stopping Ragnarok, this was about starting it. Surtur's crown, the vault! It's the only way."

Loki understood and rushed to the vault to revive Surtur to cause the destruction of Asgard and hopefully destroy Hela and her power. Thor and Bruunhilde just had to distract her long enough.

Hela was close enough that Bruunhilde could see her now. She seemed untouched, her spikey crown covering her head, a black cape billowing, her skintight black suit showing off her curves. However, she was close enough Bruunhilde could see a darker splotch of black on her crotch... Thor's lightning had made an impact. Hela was scared. This was winnable.

Thor turned to the Valkyrie. "Shall we?"

Bruunhilde half-smiled and half-grimaced. "After you."

Thor launched into an attack, the Valkyrie close behind. As Hela dodged another of Thor's attacks, Bruunhilde lunged in, slashing at Hela with her sword. Hela grabbed her arms, stopping her cold, and threw her across the bridge. Thor lept over her and began the attack anew. The Valkyrie laid face down a moment as a fart forced its way out and a two second squirt leaked into her panties. As she stood up, she felt it trickle down her thighs. As Thor threw Hela across the bridge, Bruunhilde swore she saw the splotch grow larger, and that strengthened her resolve. However, she could barely hold Hela off long enough before getting thrown across the bridge herself before Thor could recover. This stalemate continued as the refugees attempted to escape, the Valkyrie leaving droplets of urine every time she fell back down.

After yet another toss across the bridge, Bruunhilde could feel her bowels giving way. A turd made its way down and she felt every detail of her anus opening up. She quickly tried to put the disgusted feeling out of her mind and crawl towards her sword, knowing Hela was right behind. As she crawled, she could fear the poop gain further ground, too afraid to be able to stop it. She knew Hela could throw a sword into her at any moment. From behind, she heard Thor call out, distracting her. Bruunhilde took the opportunity to grab the sword, her shit stopping at her panties. She turned around to see what Thor was referencing. Surtur had been reborn, blowing up the palace and growing to many times larger than the largest building in Asgard. It glowed red like the devil, its crown like horns. Hela gasped in fear for the first time. "No!"

From behind, Bruunhilde leapt at Hela as she was distracted, stabbing her into the ground to pin her down. The real victory, though, was hearing the rude noises come out of Hela's bottom. She heard, more than saw, Hela finally shit herself, farting and squelching as she fell to the ground. Bruunhilde could only imagine that her skintight suit was being stretched, covered by her cape. Bruunhilde slid out of the way as Thor struck Hela with lightning, pushing her section of the bridge into the water.

Bruunhilde sighed in relief, her underwear only a slight mess in comparison. She saw the refugee ship fly away and looked to Thor. "The people are safe. That's all that matters."

Thor agreed. They needed Surtur to destroy Asgard, destroying Hela's power and killing her. Suddenly, a green blur flew past the Valkyrie, surprising her. Another second leak sprung out of her before she realized - it was the Hulk! Thor yelled, "No! You moron!"

The Hulk attacked Surtur's crown before Surtur picked him up and threw him back at Thor and Bruunhilde. After a brief and tense argument, Thor convinced the Hulk not to smash, for once. The Hulk sullenly agreed and ran at the two Asgardians. Bruunhilde, fearing the Hulk running at her, backpedaled, now peeing freely; she left a trail of urine on the Bifrost in front of her. The Hulk, though, merely grabbed the two Asgardians before leaping onto the leaving refugee ship, allowing them all to escape. As they landed, Bruunhilde sighed in relief. Her bladder was empty, her chain mail was wet, but no one would notice. She was uncomfortable with the fact that a turd was half-out, but with effort, she kept it from slipping out and took solace that Hela had a much worse accident this time.

From the ship, they saw Hela attempt one last rise against Surtur, who smashed the God of Death back into the ground, presumably killing her. As the ship flew further and further away, Surtur continued his rampage, eventually shattering Asgard into pieces. Bruunhilde couldn't comprehend all of her emotions as she stood by Thor. It was her home for so long, but one she was away from equally as long. It represented her friends; it represented her loss. Thor was even more burdened, as he now had to stand up as king of Asgardians, reduced from the most powerful peoples to refugees. The Valkyrie couldn't wax philosophical for too long, though. She felt the rest of her bowels cramping, knowing she was on borrowed time. Thor proceeded to find someone to help with an eye patch, and Bruunhilde took that as her excuse to find a toilet.

Bruunhilde couldn't be seen as a Valkyrie just asking for a bathroom. She quietly found a female Asgardian and asked, "Where are our common rooms?" The woman pointed her down the hallway, and Bruunhilde did her best to walk in a dignified fashion, knowing that her buttcheeks were pushed apart by shit in that moment. She hoped no one could smell it, though given the crowd, the sweat, and the aliens, she doubted she was making many waves there.

As she predicted, she found the common rooms and the bathrooms right by. She quickly entered and took a stall, thankful most people were outside watching the destruction of Asgard, not using the bathroom. She paused as she felt another cramp and she could feel her bowels descending. She was out of time! She had to undo all the armor plates covering and holding together her one piece mesh suit. As she did so, she felt the piece of poop stuck halfway in her continue its exit, pushing her panties back. She quickly undid her suit and shimmied out of the one piece, but it was too late - her panties showed a brown stain centered around an orange-sized bulge.

She stood there, ceremonial armor at her feet, just in her panties, as the second act followed, preceded by several loud and wet farts. She just stood there, shocked at how close she was but still messing herself, as the bulge grew to the size of a grapefruit. She looked down and saw her crotch was also soaked and yellow, her white panties hiding nothing. She carefully lowered her underwear and dumped the contents as she let the rest out. She took off her underwear completely and threw it away, dabbing her armor dry. After cleaning herself up, a ritual she was now used to, she donned her armor sans underwear and realized that no one knew and she had gotten away with it. Cheered, she proceeded to leave the stall, ready to be the defender of Asgardians once more.

*014*2017-11-26 14:16

{{On 23/11/2017 at 10:42 PM, Phosphorus said:

Do you think you could do any more stories with heroines messing their pants? Black Widow maybe? Or perhaps a girl from DC.

}}

{{On 25/11/2017 at 7:00 AM, diokno44x said:

More Wonder Woman perhaps?

}}

{{15 hours ago, Phosphorus said:

Not a bad choice. What about Supergirl though? Imagine her experiencing desperation for the first time after crashing on Earth, and then discovering her powers also amplify the strength of her farts.

}}

Black Widow and Wonder Woman are really sexy! If the mood strikes me I might think of something, but I really wrote this because I couldn't help but think of it as I watched it. There have been a couple Black Widow stories floating around, not sure about Wonder Woman - as far as Supergirl, I suggest Omo-secret's story from long ago if you haven't read it yet!

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/6925-last-daughter-of-krypton/?do=embed"

