Last Day of the Semester

Author: herrokitty

*000*2018-06-01 01:03

I have no idea if people like my writing style or what I choose to focus on, but I write them for my entertainment I would be glad if you happen to like it as well. I'm intending to write three parts, so here's part 1. Part 1 is class, Part 2 is after class, and Part 3 is party.

Part 1: Class

It was Lily's last day of college. All she had to do for her last final was present to her classmates and she would have her nursing degree. Tonight, she would celebrate at her best friend Amber's house party. Right now, though, she was counting down the minutes until she could BS her way through her 10 minute presentation on "Advocacy in the Nursing Profession." She barely paid attention to the class to begin with - there were so many technical and medical things to learn, the big picture policy was what Lily skipped out on. But right now, she was especially distracted because she had to pee.

Usually, she was someone with no hesitation to just leave during someone's presentation and come back, but rehearsing her presentation took all her attention. When she finally noticed how badly she had to pee, she was two presenters away from her own presentation. She probably had enough time, but Aisling, the presenter at the time, sped through hers in all of four minutes. Lily didn't want to risk stepping out while Brenna presented in case she did the same. Poor Aisling and Brenna seemed to be facing the same issue as Lily. They were all nervous about public speaking, which doesn't help with having to pee, and the 90 degree summer weather meant a lot of hydration. None of them thought about the consequences of that action...

Aisling did indeed speed through her presentation because she needed to go. She held it, assuming she could go after she presented, but that proved to be a mistake. By the time she got up, she felt light-headed and even considered letting a little out. Her tight khaki shorts would hide nothing, though. As she walked up, she clenched her kegels and had the irrational thought of being glad most of the class were heterosexual women. Her straight brown hair, brushed to one side, and green eyes, along with her curvy body, definitely would put her in the cute category, but her butt was out of this world. Just the other day, Brenna admitted she, a straight woman, regularly checked out her ass.

On second thought, Aisling thought, maybe people would notice. She turned around and stood by the computer with her PowerPoint and tried to speak normally. She adopted an awkward pose of leaning against the desk with her legs tightly crossed, but it worked in offering some relief for the time being. As she neared the end, though, an overwhelming urge overcame her, and her eyes widened as she stuttered through her conclusion. Forcing herself to continue speaking, she ignored the first spurt drenching her thong. "And that's wh-wh-why... uhh... hospital workplace conditions are indicators of the quality of service."

Finishing her presentation, she asked, "Any questions?" as she prayed there would be none. Looking around the room, she could tell no one was paying much attention. She would definitely prefer that than rapt engagement at the moment, and that also meant nothing was showing. There were no quizzical looks, no sympathy, just blank faces. After a pause that felt like forever, she thanked the class to scattered applause and set her materials down on her desk before sneaking out as Brenna got up. Aisling rushed to the bathroom down the hall, releasing another, longer spurt now that she was out of the public eye. She felt this one trickle down her left leg but refused to look down as she banged open the bathroom door. As a third spurt, this one for a few seconds, came out, she grabbed a stall and slammed the door shut.

She danced on the spot as she unbuttoned her shorts. She looked down and saw a wet patch on the front the size of a clementine going down the left leg and as she pulled her shorts down she could see it went down along the crotch towards the butt, about the size of a dollar bill. Probably just visible enough she couldn't show herself in class, she thought. She pulled down the thong and sat down exactly as the rest of her urine came gushing out, mostly making it. She felt a twinge of disappointment, though, looking at her quite wet underwear.

She had peed herself once before, when she was running a half-marathon, but she wore black leggings and it was practically expected at events like that. As a child, though, she had struggled with holding it until early middle school, so to have even a small accident as an adult brought back unwelcome memories. She forced herself to forget about it and wiped the sweat off her brow before pulling out her phone to text Brenna, her friend in the class, to bring her stuff to the bathroom when she was done. "Hey Brooke, sorry for missing your presentation, I'm in the girls bathroom, could you bring my stuff to me when you're done? I'll explain when you get here."

Little did she know that Brenna was in a similarly difficult spot, though Brenna was struggling with a different bodily function. A whole week of studying meant Brenna barely paid attention to her body and she had only pooped once - at the beginning of the week. She remembered to pee before class, but she was rushed for time and didn't listen to her body on the other end. Grimacing as she set up her materials, her butt was clenched shut inside a pair of boyshort panties and professional gray slacks.

As she presented, she started and stopped multiple times, distracted by her urge. She even let out some silent farts unintentionally. The class, barely paying attention, chalked up her performance to nerves, but Brenna's face was as red as her long hair. Sweat formed on her white blouse and at one point she gripped the end of the table. Lily, in the audience, looked on in agony as Brenna took the full time allotted due to her slow speaking. At one point, around three-fourths of the way through, Brenna felt an almighty weight drop as everything descended. She internally braced as she stopped speaking mid-sentence, but to no avail. "Nurses need to discuss societal barriers with... uh... umgh..."

A first turd poked out, pushed out until it hit her blue boyshorts. She realized she had stopped mid-sentence and did her best to continue talking normally as the first turd inched out. "...with social workers in order to ensure, umm, relevant medical advice for the patient."

It would feel surreal to poop in public and have no one notice as you spoke, but right now Brenna was just presenting on auto-pilot. The panties pushed out slowly before meeting resistance with her slacks and Brenna pinched off the first turd as she finished her conclusion. Despite not really having to pee, an inevitable squirt came out as well. She felt it roll down her right leg, but it was likely unnoticeable. She asked the audience for any questions, but no one had any as the faintest of odors wafted up to her nose. She stiffly walked off as people politely applauded. When she got to her desk, she meant to pick up her backpack and immediately leave, but she saw the text from Aisling on her notifications. She swiftly grabbed her materials too and exited the room, praying no one noticed.

When she shut the door behind her, she touched the back of her slacks and could feel where the poop was, but it wasn't a large bulge by any means - she probably got away with it. She headed to the bathroom and the mess immediately presumed descending as she walked, the rest of the first turd coming out and curling up in her panties. She rushed into the bathroom and a stall, now distinctly able to smell herself, and unbuckled her belt as a second one started coming out.

She pulled down her pants and dropped them, but as she bent over to pull down her panties, the rest of the second turd rushed out, crackling as it added to the bulge, now larger than an orange and barely held in place. It drooped left, the left leg band on her boyshorts pulled away from her pale leg. If anyone could see, they would see a large ball of poop precariously held in, about to fall along her left leg. She gingerly removed her underwear without incident, though, and dumped them out quickly as she sat down; she proceeded to let out the rest of her poop.

Next door, Aisling heard the crackling and saw the stained panties around the ankles of the stall next door. She decided against mentioning it and asked, "Brenna, is that you?"

A strained grunt was the reply before, "Yeah, Aisling, I got your stuff. Let's get out of here as soon as possible."

After a few wipes and a failed attempt to wipe off the underwear, Brenna left her stall and Aisling followed suit. While Brenna may have had the more extravagant accident, Aisling's was much more visible. They sized each other up before Brenna found some humor in their situation and chuckled. "Let's not tell anyone about this... we graduated and don't need to see any of these people again."

*004*2018-06-01 22:00

Glad people liked it! Couldn't tell you where I got the inspiration from... the initial scenario came to me out of the blue and it sort of spiraled out of control from there lol.

Part 2: After Class

Back in class, Lily struggled through her presentation, crossing her legs under her long black dress. Sweat formed on her forehead, her straight black hair constantly falling in front of her face. She yearned to just press against her underwear, a red thong, as childish as that would look, but she managed to control herself in front of her classmates. Reciting her presentation on auto-pilot, she was almost surprised she got to the end, opening it up to questions. Fortunately, still no one was particularly engaged, so she quickly packed up her stuff and headed to the bathroom.

Unfortunately, a class next door had just gotten out of their final, and theirs' was a test, so people couldn't just come and go. Lily swung the bathroom door open and was greeted by three full stalls and a line of four women. Lily groaned internally but thought it wasn’t the worst wait. It was the only women’s bathroom in the School of Nursing, itself detached from the rest of campus to be closer to the affiliated hospital. Like most of her peers, Lily had driven to her nursing classes today.

She recognized the two women ahead of her. The one further ahead was Rita, a tall and curvy blonde, today dressed in a plain white tank top and gray leggings. The one directly in front of her was Cammille, also wearing leggings, though hers were black. Cammille used to play tennis, and her toned body, slimmer than Rita’s, showed through her leggings and plaid button-up.

Both Rita and Cammille were very serious women who were always consummate professionals in both classes and field work. So, it was no surprise to Lily that they stood there stiffly, Rita with her legs crossed, attempting to show no sign of desperation. Cammille was sometimes so haughty that Lily was tempted to say she had a stick up her ass (and seriously, who spelled Camille with two m’s, Lily thought), but given the clenched nature of her butt, there was something else stuck there.

One stall opened quickly and the next girl was in and out in a heartbeat, but the second girl in line immediately let loose what sounded like wet, border-line diarrhea. One of the other stalls was someone still straining to release the rest of her bowel movement while the middle one was taking her sweet time wiping. Rita and Cammille shuffled forward while Lily followed, immediately crossing her legs again after catching up. She bent over at the waist slightly in desperation and frustration, but what she saw shocked her. Her eyes directly pointed to Cammille’s toned ass, and she could see despite it being clenched tight, the smallest of bumps could be seen. She had begun to shit herself! It looked like she was wearing a thong, a common option with leggings to avoid pantylines, but it was also underwear that would contain nothing.

Lily looked ahead to Rita and saw a similar initial loss of control. A wet spot on the bottom of Rita’s full ass, along with a small streak on her left leg, indicated the beginning of the end. Both girls did nothing to let on their loss of control, standing perfectly still. Rita, in fact, stood with her legs tightly crossed as Lily witnessed the spot glisten and the wetness grow slowly as it reached her upper thighs on both her left and right legs. RIta was staring stonily straight at the stall door, willing one of the girls to get out. Lily looked back at Cammille, just in time to hear her catch her breath as the bump slowly grew until it was the size of a grape.

Watching these two girls lose control was a nightmare for Lily and she felt the first spurt, a warm trickle flowing down her left leg. She wondered if she could get home before losing control - she only lived about ten minutes away by car.

As she debated her choices, she saw Rita finally buckle as the wetness glistened and grew again. Rita shuffled over to the corner of the bathroom in a hurry and frantically pulled her gray leggings down, revealing no underwear, and squatted and peed directly on the floor. The loud hissing sound echoed in the bathroom, but no girl acknowledged it - the ones in the stalls were either preoccupied or feeling guilty while Cammille and Lily had bigger issues. Cammille’s bulge grew to the size of a clementine and started to droop to the right, along with a momentary glisten down the legs as an involuntary spurt likely followed.

Cammile stood as still as a statue, refusing to acknowledge anyone, and Rita hastily pulled up her wet leggings. Lily could see a wet spot the size of an orange on the front and the size of a grapefruit on the back. Lily felt another spurt and knew she could not wait here - Cammille would have quite the cleanup ahead, as she saw the bulge grow even further, accompanied with the quietest of farts. Man, even Cammille’s farts were stoic, Lily thought. Rita silently speed-walked out of the bathroom and out of sight as Lily followed suit.

After exiting the bathroom, Lily practically sprinted to her car and gunned it out of the parking lot, desperate to make it home. She could feel the wet thong sticking to her and was reminded of it every time she moved her leg to brake or accelerate. She did avoid any further mishaps, though, and haphazardly parked her car along the duplex she lived in with her boyfriend and ran up to the front door.

It burst open and Bernard, her boyfriend throughout her entire college career, greeted her. “Congratulations! You’re done!”

He hugged her and lifted her in the air. Any other time, she would love his attention, but all it did was cause her to spurt heavily again, urine running down both legs. As she was set back down, she saw a couple spots on the ground. She said, “ Thanks, love, but I really gott-”

He interrupted her. “I said I was going to do this when we both finished college.”

He got down on one knee. He pulled out a little box, then dramatically opened it to reveal a ring. “Lily… will you marry me?”

Lilly was stunned. Of course she would say yes, but right now? When she was literally pissing herself like a baby? She felt a small trickle begin and it would not stop. He looked suddenly nervous at her lack of response, which prompted her to respond. “Oh… of course! Yes!”

She held out her hand, the trickle pitter-pattering on the ground. Her dress went down to her ankles, so he couldn’t see yet, right? He put the ring on and got up, kissing her. She reciprocated, but the sudden movement also turned the trickle into a flood as she finally wet herself completely, her legs warm and wet under her dress. When they finished their kiss, he looked at her lovingly. “I love you.”

She murmured, “I love you too.” She waited, dreading his reaction when he inevitably discovered she had wet herself. He looked her up and down, and only then noticed the giant puddle that had already reached his feet. He stepped back. “Um, are you okay?”

Her emotions flooded out. “I’m so sorry, I had to go so bad and there was a line in the school so I came home but you surprised me and I’ve been waiting for this moment and I want it so much but I just had to pee so badly… you probably regret this now.”

He laughed, not at her, but at the situation. “Lily, I’m proposing to marry you. That means I want to be with you through anything. This is nothing, I’m sure at some point I’ll break both my arms and you’ll have to wipe my butt.”

Lily groaned. She felt better about herself, but that was a terrible mental image. They made it in the house, though, and Lily went to clean up. She rummaged through her clothes to find something to change into and discovered, to her horror, that she had postponed laundry for months in order to wrap up school. She had one pair of underwear left, a rather bland pair of blue briefs, but nothing to wear to Amber’s party. She had pajamas and a couple athletic shorts, but she couldn’t wear that to a party! She checked her dress. It was relatively dry, save a few spots at the end by her ankles. The black dress showed little, anyway. She groaned as she went to the shower, stripping off her dress to re-wear and her thong to be replaced by the blue panties. At least no one but Bernard saw, and she could put it out of her mind tonight at the party.

*006*2018-06-04 22:59

Hi all, here's part three. It got much more ambitious than intended, and there is smut, so fair warning.

Part 3: Party

Lily and Bernard arrived at Amber’s college house at 9 PM after a very nice dinner to celebrate their engagement. It was so nice that Lily had put the rest of the day behind her and was excited to party with her college friends for perhaps the last time before everyone moved.

They walked up the porch steps and swung open the front door to be greeted by Amber in a tank top and denim miniskirt, clearly ready for the summer. Amber’s time in the sun showed, with freckles very visible on her face, framed by her long blonde hair. Amber squealed and hugged Lily. Amber and Lily could not be more different - Amber was from a small town, Lily from the same city as the college. Lily’s mother was Jewish and grew up with diversity all around her - to Amber, Lily was diversity. Politically, they disagreed all the time. But they became fast friends as both immediately went into nursing and bonded over the excessive workload, occasional useless professor, and the stresses of field work. Amber dragged Lily and Bernard into the kitchen where she immediately handed them a Jello shot. “Happy graduation!”

They all dutifully did their shots, Amber with perhaps a bit more enthusiasm, having clearly already had a few drinks, before Amber introduced Lily to three women who were hovering by the alcohol in the kitchen. “Lily, you know Melissa. These three are Joanna, Alexandra, and Mercedes. They’re from my hometown and are visiting to celebrate my graduation!”

Greetings went around the circle. Melissa was in Lily and Amber’s program, a blonde woman wearing a plain t-shirt and high-waisted jean shorts. Joanna was a frizzy redhead wearing a bright multicolor romper with flower patterns while Alexandra was apparently an athlete at a different school and wore a team-sponsored athletic tee and team-sponsored leggings. Mercedes was a brown-haired shorter woman wearing just a sports bra and yoga pants. Lily privately thought it wasn’t THAT summer-y yet, and side-eyed Bernard for a second, but despite their attractiveness, Bernard didn’t seem to check them out. Lily wouldn’t have been mad if he had just checked them out, but she was strangely proud of him for not doing so, especially as Alexandra turned to pour herself another drink, showing her perfect athlete butt. Lily thought, amused, that she was checking them out more than Bernard. Amber’s gasp took her out of her private thoughts. “Lily! Is that… a ring?”

Lily smiled slyly and held her hand up. All the girls squealed and hugged Lily in congratulations (despite having just met three of them!). Amber demanded they do another shot to celebrate, which everyone happily obliged. In the commotion, four more people walked in. One tapped Lily on the shoulder. Lily turned around and saw her friend Kaia. When she was a freshman, Lily joined a sorority, but half-way through her sophomore year she grew sick of the excessive drinking and creepy frat guys, so she left. But, in her time there she befriended Kaia, a political science major who was also graduating. They hadn’t seen each other in a while, so they hugged tight before Kaia, too, complimented her ring (and told Bernard to treat her right!). Kaia introduced her friends she had brought. “Lily, Amber, this is Tiffany and Sam, and they’re both graduating with me in the poli sci program. And this is Sam’s girlfriend, Juniper, who’s a grad student at a different university.”

Pleasantries were exchanged. Kaia was a tall, dark-haired woman wearing a gray v-neck and white shorts - when she and Lily were in the sorority together, people often mistook them for siblings. Tiffany was not quite as tall, but skinnier, with wavy blonde hair and wearing a short white dress. Juniper, with shoulder-length brown hair, was wearing a simple purple t-shirt and jeans that accentuated her thick butt, holding hands with her boyfriend Sam. Amber gave Kaia and her friends shots to celebrate Lily’s engagement, this one pudding shots (White Russian pudding shots, actually, though no one questioned the content).

Bernard and Sam immediately proceeded to connect about a local sports team (Lily shook her head, thinking, “Boys!”), but it was clear this wasn’t going to be the kind of house party where people stood around and talked. Solo cup and drink in one hand, Lily and some of the other women in the kitchen proceeded into the living room, which had turned into a dance floor with almost twenty other partiers already there.

Mercedes had watched, slightly disappointed, as Lily walked in. The truth was, she was into the ladies and was a little disappointed someone as pretty as Lily was there with her fiance. Coming from the same small town as Amber, she never told anyone about her sexual orientation, and when she broke up with the only openly gay woman in town a couple months ago (because she didn’t want to become open about their relationship, while her ex did), she didn’t know where she could a new date. Or just a hook-up, really. She was friends with Amber, but never told her her secret, either, and did not tell her at least 30% of the reason why she came was that she was hoping her odds of getting laid were better at a graduation party in a major city, surrounded by nursing students (who, as she was well aware of, were mostly women).

She did eye Kaia and Tiffany, though. They were both very attractive… could either be attracted to women? Mercedes, with her years of small town living, had what she self-described as horrible gaydar, but hopefully alcohol and dancing would be her wingmen as she followed the two to the living room.

A couple hours, several drinks, and some wild dancing later, and inhibitions were slipping. Mercedes had found her way to Tiffany over the past couple of hours and they had been talking. Tiffany seemed shyer than her, but a couple drinks in and they were bonding over politics (Tiffany, a political activist for Democrats, had plenty of sympathy for Mercedes’s hatred of her homophobic family members), future career plans, and… Mercedes’s sexual orientation. At some point, Mercedes just casually let slip that she was gay while ranting about her parents, despite her fears of coming out. She turned bright red, half-expecting Tiffany to just walk away, but Tiffany didn’t even react. They kept talking, and eventually, abruptly, Tiffany said, “Wanna dance?” And that’s when Mercedes knew… this could be a thing.

Kaia had been dancing earlier, but now she leaned against the wall, hunched over a little while talking to Lily and Amber. At one point, Kaia grimaced and leaned over and Lily swore she heard a fart over the loud music. Kaia asked Amber, “Hey, random question, what was in those pudding shots?”

Amber scrunched her face. “Uuh, they were White Russian pudding shots, so milk and cream--”

Kaia interrupted her. “Ah shit. I’m lactose intolerant.”

Amber didn’t know that and hadn’t thought about if anyone was lactose intolerant when she made them. “Oh… uhh… sorry… anything I can do?”

“Uh… this is embarrassing, but can I use your bathroom? And fair warning, I’m gonna be in there for a while.”

Amber hesitated for a second, but she shelved her own growing need. “Yeah, of course, there’s only one, but let’s go see if it’s open right now.”

Lily walked with them to the staircase but hung back as Amber and Kaia went upstairs. Lily glanced up before heading back to the living room, but as she looked up she saw Kaia bend over and a spot of brown grow at the seat of her white shorts. Lily winced in sympathy, but Kaia clenched her butt and kept walking before there was any more damage.

Upstairs, Amber heard Kaia’s fart but said nothing, leading her down the hall to the bathroom. Inside, Melissa pooped while her friend Naomi stood by, having just peed (and cut it very close, leaving a wet spot on her tan panties that no one but Melissa would see). Melissa didn’t like pooping in public, but ever since she got away with an accident at a club, she swallowed her pride and went when she felt the urge. Outside, Kaia farted again and she could feel more liquid poop ooze out of her. While her full cut underwear would contain it, there’s no way that wouldn’t stain. She asked Amber, “I’m so sorry, but can you give me a pair of pants or shorts to change into? I’ll give it back this week.”

Amber reassured her. “Of course, it’s my bad that you’re even in this situation.”

She grabbed a pair of similar white shorts (so people wouldn’t notice her changing!) from her bedroom and handed it to Kaia, whose face looked pained. Amber was skinnier than Kaia, so it would be tight, but they were close enough in height and size that it would be fine. Kaia let out a longer fart, this one quite audible and leaving a fresh coat of brown. Fortunately, at that moment, Melissa and Naomi stepped out of the bathroom. Both glanced at Kaia’s extra pair of shorts, but given their history, they certainly weren’t the judging type. Kaia rushed a thank you before closing the door and letting out another shart. If anyone could see her from behind, they would see a brown stain the size of a fried egg before she swooped her pants and underwear down and let loose on the toilet.

Amber returned to the dance floor to see most of the party still dancing, with Lily and Bernard cuddling on the couch and Juniper and her boyfriend Sam dancing happily together. She saw Mercedes and Tiffany very sensually dancing and didn’t even bat an eye. She always suspected Mercedes was gay, but understood she never felt comfortable opening up about that - she was just happy for her friend.

Juniper bent over while grinding with Sam and told him she was going to stop by the bathroom. Amber watched in apprehension, knowing it would be a wait. She had to pee, as well, but was confident she could hold it. Joanna, however, then stumbled onward towards the stairs, clearly very drunk and headed to the bathroom. Alexandra, too, seemed more intoxicated than her surroundings, but she was happily glued to the dance floor, dancing with anybody or just by herself.

At the bathroom, Juniper squirmed in front of the locked door. She had had to pee for over an hour, but she held it because she didn’t want to “release the seal,” as some called it. When drinking, after the first time you pee, you always have to pee frequently afterwards. Juniper regretted that as she danced on the spot. She crossed her legs and tried to control herself when Joanna arrived, but Joanna seemed a little too drunk to pay her much mind. She said, a little slurred, “Someone in there?”

Juniper nodded. Joanna groaned. She was kind of hoping to get laid tonight, and had worn very lacy matching white bra and panties, but she had gotten a little too drunk and danced a little too wild to talk to any boys. Besides, given the nursing focus of the room, there were very few available boys to begin with. She was regretting her outfit choice but perhaps thankful of the lack of boys - she had to go both number 1 and 2, and she certainly didn’t feel very sexy about that.

Back at the dance floor, Alexandra had found a single man, who was gladly dancing with her. Alexandra had to pee, but she didn’t care because she was drunk and she was with a cute boy. She could hold it. Next to her, Mercedes whispered into Tiffany’s ear, “Wanna get some fresh air?”

Tiffany nodded enthusiastically. Both were very much into some time alone, but Mercedes also really had to pee and needed to stop the constant dancing. She couldn’t believe her luck, though, and didn’t want to spend one moment away and lose Tiffany. Unbeknownst to her, though, Tiffany was in a similar boat, having to both pee and poop, but not wanting to lose her shot with Mercedes. She, too, was grateful for the break from dancing, as much as she enjoyed it.

Outside, the two appreciated the cool night breeze and having the porch all to themselves and sat on the porch couch, Tiffany leaning on Mercedes. Mercedes looked into her eyes and thought, “Fuck it.” They held eye contact for a few seconds that seemed to stretch on for ages before Mercedes leaned in for the kiss… and Tiffany reciprocated. Inside, Mercedes felt like she was pumping her fist after winning a sporting event, but she kept her cool and focused on making it a good kiss. It quickly evolved into making out as both made up for the hour of tension between them.

In line, Juniper swung her legs over each other and finally knocked on the door. “I’m sorry to bother, but I really have to go! There’s two of us in line.”

Kaia responded, “I’m sorry, I feel you, I’m hurrying as fast as I can!”

Juniper knew it would be irrational to rush someone clearly doing the best she could, but even so she was annoyed. So annoyed, in fact, it distracted her from how badly she had to pee… until she felt the first one-second squirt. She froze and then shoved her hand in her crotch, not caring if Joanna saw. Joanna, frankly, was too concerned with her own desperation and was trying to quietly release a fart without messing herself, easier said than done when incredibly drunk.

Juniper’s tactic worked for about thirty seconds before she felt another, longer squirt and the crotch of her jeans get warm and wet. She could feel it on her fingers! She muttered, “Fuck it” and ran back down the stairs, letting a couple more spurts out. She speed-walked past the dancing, fortunately with no one noticing or stopping her, before swinging the front door to get out of the house. Her half-baked plan was to find a quiet place in the yard, but two her right she saw Tiffany and Mercedes making out, though they were so into each other they paid her no mind. Tiffany was leaning over, and with her butt lifted in the air and her dress riding up just a little, Juniper caught a glimpse of her lacy pink panties and… the smallest of bulges? Juniper had no time to question it and rushed down the stairs as she felt a spurt long enough to go down the inside of her leg.

She shuffled over to the side of the house, looked around and was satisfied no one could see her, then pulled her jeans and black underwear down in one fell swoop and just gushed piss for over a minute, creating a puddle in the dirt. She looked and saw her panties were quite wet and the crotch and inner left thigh of her jeans were wet, but when she pulled them up (grimacing since she couldn’t wipe), it was pretty invisible on her dark jeans unless you were looking for it (or she was hypothetically sitting with her legs spread out, something she did not intend to do). She walked as calmly as she could back to the party, crisis averted. As she passed the couple on the porch, she could see the bump had grown from barely visible to the size of the tip of her finger. She, however, was in no place to judge, and just kept walking to find Sam.

At the dance floor, Alexandra could not hold her piss anymore and was releasing it in spurts, but she couldn’t bring herself to care. The boy she was dancing with clearly enjoyed her company and didn’t notice a thing while she left drops on the floor and invisible wet streaks on her black leggings. He was clearly too enamored with her ass on him to pay even the slightest attention to anything else. Perhaps she didn’t care because of her cross country career and the regular peeing while doing something else. Whatever the case, over the next ten or so minutes, she fully emptied her bladder without anyone noticing - the wet spots on the ground could just as easily be spilled drinks, and the occasional glisten on her legs could be the same. At one point, as he rubbed his hands on her, he whispered in her ears, “You wanna get out of here?”

Alexandra thought, “Fuck it” and said yes. His wandering hands grazed her crotch, and for a moment she thought she lost him, but his naive mind thought she was that wet. Alexandra rolled her eyes momentarily - very few people very rarely get so wet you’d feel it through that many layers, but hey. She was planning on hooking up with him for his body, not his mind, and followed him out of the house. She was certain her gray thong would be stained, but she was sure she could find a way to get rid of it before he got too… comfortable with her.

At the bathroom, Joanna too felt the first signs of loss of control as urine dribbled right past her lacy underwear and thin romper and down her legs. She had tried to fart as well, and, well… it hadn’t worked out, with the first half of a turd sticking out of her. If anyone could see her from the bottom of the stairs, they could easily see the bulge the size of a clementine through the leg holes of her loose romper. Fortunately for Joanna, though, Kaia finally came out of the bathroom, wearing tight white shorts that gave her a bit of a cameltoe (especially since she wasn’t wearing underwear), but were clean.

Kaia apologized and quickly left while Joanna barged into the bathroom as the poop started moving again. Locking the door, she felt the first turd finish curling up and settling into the size of an orange, barely held in place, accompanied by piss rolling down her leg. She struggled to get her arms out of the top of the romper as her peeing picked up the pace, and by the time she was ready to pull down her romper she was peeing at full speed while a second turd was coming out. She dragged her romper down to her ankles and just sat down, not even removing her underwear, as she finished peeing and her poop pushed out of her underwear and into the toilet bowl. After another minute of pooping, she gingerly peeled her underwear off and dumped it out and began the arduous task of cleaning up.

Lily and Amber saw Kaia leave (and leave the party, actually), so they took the opportunity to go up to the bathroom. However, the door was still locked and they didn’t know that there was someone in there with quite the task ahead of them. Lily and Amber happily chatted about wedding ideas to pass the time, but the truth was Amber was straining to concentrate with crossed legs as she held back having to pee while Lily clenched her ass under her dress. Inside, Joanna had the arduous task of wiping the stains off her butt and her underwear and attempting to dab her romper dry and wiping down her legs, along with cleaning up the evidence in the form of puddles on the floor.

Outside the house, Tiffany could feel herself begin to lose control, but she was too embarrassed to stop and too into Mercedes. Mercedes’s nipples stuck straight out of her sports bra, and Tiffany wanted to touch them right this moment, whatever else was happening. Her poop inched itself further and further until it touched cotton… then it kept moving before Tiffany pinched it off. Mercedes, too, was struggling to hold it, and looking for a way out, suggested they stop by the bathroom and then steal a room. Tiffany gladly agreed and followed Mercedes up the stairs, a grape-sized bulge under her dress. They saw the line, though, and Mercedes quickly dived into the closest bedroom and locked the door, feeling reckless enough to take a random bedroom.

Tiffany pushed her onto the bed and straddled her as they continued to make out, trying to ignore their other urges. Tiffany looked down and saw Mercedes’s yoga pants digging into her vulva and the smallest of wet spots on there. She’d have to be pretty horny to do that (and not wearing underwear!). Tiffany could feel herself get wetter and wetter too, despite her anus opening up and the rest of the turd beginning its descent. Tiffany held it in place as she continued to kiss Mercedes and work her way down her body.

Mercedes, honestly, wouldn’t be able to answer if she leaked a little or was just that horny. What she did like was Tiffany ripping off her sports bra off, and it wasn’t long before things escalated to Tiffany putting her hand in Mercedes’s crotch, first fingering her over her yoga pants before slipping her hand inside her yoga pants. Mercedes was doing her best not to be too loud, but she was also trying her best not to pee. She could feel the tiniest of spurts as the feeling of Tiffany’s fingers overtook all care of self-control, and praying Tiffany didn’t feel anything, she began to lift up Tiffany’s tight white dress so she could lick her nipples.

Outside the bathroom, Lily caught the heaviest push yet and pushed her butt against the wall and held it closed. She knew she looked ridiculous, but the only person who could see her was Amber, who was in no position to care. Amber was doubled over, wishing she could hold her crotch through her denim miniskirt. That inability to hold herself may have been her downfall, though, as a small leak sprung, dampening her white panties. If one could see from below, one would see a gray wet spot grow until it spanned her crotch from front to back before it slowly began trickling down her left, then right legs. They ran down her crossed legs and past her feet, creating a puddle before she finally gave up and let it all out. She uncrossed her legs and looked down as piss shot straight down between her legs.

Lily watched in shock as her friend gave up and the sight of her accident prompted Lily’s. Her anus opened up and despite all her efforts, a turd began to move out and curl up into a ball in her blue underwear. Under her black dress, invisible to others, she began peeing as well, peeing herself for the second time in a day. Lily couldn’t believe herself and hung her head as a puddle spread from below her feet and the now-familiar warm rivulets flowed down her legs. She continued to poop, a crackling sound with the occasional soft fart heard over the sounds of both her and Amber’s piss pooling on the ground.

Lily’s pooping finally stopped after what felt like the third turd and she felt the back of her dress. She could feel the slightest of bulges - without the dress, the bulge would be larger than an orange, but her loose long dress actually hid both her accidents pretty well. Amber, as well, showed no evidence besides wet legs, her denim miniskirt staying out of the way. They looked at each other in shock, but also appreciated that they had each other when it happened. Amber could tell Lily was more hurt by it and hugged her. “Hey, accidents happen. Let’s get into my room and change and no one will know.”

Lily held back tears. “Sounds good… I peed myself earlier today… I can’t believe this happened twice.” Amber held Lily a little longer, ignoring the growing smell of poop. “I pissed myself in bed with a boy when I graduated high school, so don’t worry - this is nothing! We’ll get away with it.”

That was, until Amber tried her bedroom door and found it locked.

Inside, Tiffany’s dress and bra were off, she was still on top of Mercedes, Mercedes still hadn’t found out about her ongoing accident, and Tiffany’s hands were still expertly fingering Mercedes. Mercedes wanted to catch Tiffany up, but it was too late, and suddenly, Mercedes was bucking under Tiffany’s hands as she came. As she came, piss spurted out of her, drenching the crotch of her yoga pants. She spurted once, twice, three, then four times before it reduced itself to a trickle. Tiffany pulled her hand out and licked it. “A squirter, eh? I like that.”

Mercedes didn’t have the heart to tell her that was perhaps something else, but they were interrupted by a banging on the door. Amber shouted, “Hey, this is my bedroom! Please get out!”

Tiffany and Mercedes looked at each other, panicked. Mercedes threw back on her sports bra and adjusted her yoga pants, slowly letting out the rest of her urine, while Tiffany threw back on her dress. Tiffany opened the door and tried to think of an excuse. “Uhh… I’m so sorry… uhh…”

Mercedes saved the day. She let the rest of her piss out and said, “Tiffany was just trying to help me because I had an accident.”

The puddle and the streaks all the way down to her feet told everything. Amber immediately switched from anger to understanding. “Oh, I understand. We actually needed the room because… ummm… I had an accident as well.”

She lifted up her miniskirt and showed her drenched white panties. Having just pissed herself while cumming, Mercedes couldn’t help but find it incredibly attractive. Amber dug through her clothes and grabbed a pair of yoga pants. “These might be a bit long on you and your ass is much nicer, but try these.”

Mercedes gratefully took off her pants and put on Amber’s, and to her surprise, they fit. Mercedes said, “I owe you one big time. We’ll give you some space, but I’ll get these back to you, thanks!”

Mercedes dropped her own yoga pants in the trash and her and Tiffany snuck out. As Tiffany passed Lily, she thought she caught a whiff of poop… was that her? Was that herself? Maybe she wasn’t the only one dealing with this problem… Lily stood awkwardly to the side of the room, avoiding getting too close to anyone. Tiffany didn’t bother to think too much into it, since she still needed to go badly and Mercedes wasn’t distracting her.

As they closed the door behind them, they saw Joanna leave the bathroom and pass them. If they had looked closely, they would have seen the bottom of the romper was soaking wet and the faintest brown stain at the rear on the white parts of the pattern, but Joanna made it out of the party without anyone paying too much attention. Mercedes turned to Tiffany. “I think we have unfinished business.”

Tiffany nodded. “My apartment’s a five minute walk from here. Let’s go.”

Back in Amber’s room, Amber had changed into new underwear but wore the same skirt. In order to take off her underwear without letting anything out, Lily had taken off her dress entirely and now stood before Amber wearing just a blue bra and a blue and soiled pair of underwear. Amber couldn’t help but think the poop stretching the underwear accentuated Lily’s nice butt, which she immediately squashed as the weirdest thought she had. Lily spoke up, “Uhh, where do I put this pair?”

Amber looked around before grabbing a plastic bag. “Just throw these in here and tie it up.”

Lily gingerly pulled the underwear down, careful not to let any fall out, and stepped out of them, throwing them in the bag. Amber gave her her soiled white panties to wipe herself with, and after she had essentially all of it wiped off (she didn’t want to think about the fact that her skin was now covered in both her and Amber’s urine), she threw it in the bag and tied it up, dropping it in the trash. She put her dress back on before hugging Amber. “You’re the best friend ever.”

Amber hugged her back. “If we have each others’ backs in the emergency room, this is a piece of cake.”

Amber and Lily went back downstairs to turn down the party so Lily could spend some well-deserved time with her new fiance.

Tiffany and Mercedes had arrived at Tiffany’s apartment. Tiffany had slowly, as they were walking, let out the rest of her first turd, a clementine-sized bulge hidden by her dress. She had let out some piss as well, especially as she farted silently, and her lacy pink panties would not take any more wetness. Now, though, they just had to take an elevator five stories and Tiffany would be home free, hoping Mercedes couldn’t smell the mess. Mercedes, however, had caught on to Tiffany’s legs scissoring and knew Tiffany was where Mercedes was earlier - and her earlier accident had awoken something strange in her.

She… she was even more horny than before. She pulled Tiffany in and kissed her eagerly, and as they waited for the elevator, Mercedes began to return the favor, fingering her through her panties. Tiffany was too horny to care, but she squirted… then again… then again, piss coating Mercedes’s fingers and running down her legs. She stiffened, her ears bright red, expecting Mercedes to stop… but she didn’t. However, a couple minutes later and a couple more spurts later, the elevator didn’t arrive. Tiffany pulled back and gasped, “I think we should take the stairs.”

Mercedes grinned. “After you.”

Tiffany felt a pang of apprehension, and yet whether it was her horniness, Mercedes’s earlier accident, or Mercedes’s clear disregard for her pissing herself, she wasn’t as worried about being caught as she thought she might be. She began the climb up the steps, and Mercedes followed, giving her the first sight of the brown bulge. Mercedes almost gasped out loud, but stopped herself - Tiffany could do anything, at this point, and she would want to sleep with her - and, despite not finding poop attractive at all, found Tiffany secretly hiding this accident this whole time incredibly attractive. As they marched up the stairs, Mercedes kept her eyes glued up Tiffany’s skirt, witnessing a couple dribbles glistening her pink panties and trickling down her legs and, on the third floor, seeing Tiffany’s butt un-clench as the bulge began to grow.

Mercedes watched intently as the bulge slowly grew as Tiffany kept walking until they made it to the top of the stairs, at which point the bulge suddenly doubled in size as Mercedes heard a couple farts and some loud crackling. Urine started streaming down her legs in earnest and Mercedes watched as the puddle rolled down the stairs and past her feet. Tiffany stood, frozen, until her accident was over and then she immediately unlocked her door. Mercedes practically tackled her into the apartment and kissed her, telling her without words that the accident didn’t bother her one bit. Mercedes pulled off her dress and smiled, saying, “Let’s clean you up in the shower.”

Back at Lily and Bernard’s apartment, Bernard made the next move in their foreplay and pulled off her dress, surprised and excited by the lack of underwear. “Oh? You surprise me every day.”

Lily thought, “If only you knew!”

