A Halloween night out

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-11-01 14:10

(Okay, I know this is late, but I just couldn't help but post this, anyway. :D )

Amber, an astonishingly skinny 16-year-old girl, was going trick-or-treating with some of her friends in the middle of the night. She was dressed as a nurse. Her friend Hanna was dressed as a witch. Serina wore an outfit that was very familiar to gamers-- a Princess Peach cosplay outfit. Anais, however, was seen dressed as a policewoman (which actually looked very realistic).

The four friends were going door-to-door trick-or-treating when suddenly (and strangely) each of them felt the need to find a restroom. Serina made sure to wear a diaper, so she didn't care much about having an accident. Anais immediately pulled down her pants and sprayed into the street. At that very moment, Amber noticed a group of guys approaching.

"Anne, stop that!" she whispered. "There are guys coming!"

"So?" Anais responded.

"So? Anne, there are--"

"Relax, I got it covered," Serina said as she stood in front of Anais to block the view of the stream, only to get something warm sprayed onto her leg. The group of guys didn't seem to be paying much attention, anyway, so she pretty much got peed on for nothing. But Amber quickly noticed a slender young male passing by. He was dressed in what Serina could identify as Snake from Metal Gear Solid. On his back, he carried a backpack, a bottle of Powerade, and what looked to be a sniper rifle (though it was very obvious to be just a paintball gun). He was passing by looking at his phone as it rang in his pocket. Then, all of a sudden, Amber began to have a feeling that he saw Anais take off her pants and start peeing. Though it was obvious that he was just passing by and minding his own business, Amber couldn't help but snap at him.

"STOP LOOKING OVER HERE, YOU PERVERT!!!"

Immediately, the young man stopped to stare at the young lady that yelled at him.

"Give me one second," he said on the phone. "I'll call ya back."

After hanging up the phone, he reached for his paintball rifle and aimed it directly at Amber's face. Hanna and the others wanted to get her back, but each of them knew that she was obviously trying to accuse him. That, and they were to afraid to get paint all over their outfits. They each put their palms to their faces as Amber took a red paintball to the forehead and shrieked from the pain. Hanna actually saw it coming, as she knew that the guy couldn't see Anais's body from a range in pitch-black darkness, even if he did use the scope. On the bright side, Amber looked a lot scarier, now.

Having her face completely ruined, Amber placed her hands over her eyes and began to sob. The young man almost wanted to fire a whole clip onto her, but he thought she has had enough. He put away his rifle and walked away, slightly expecting some white knight to ambush him.

"Should we...keep going?" Hanna asked.

"I dunno about you guys," Serina said, despite having her outfit drenched in pee, "but I'm gonna keep going."

Serina began to take off. Hanna and Anais followed behind her. It took a while for Amber to finally decide whether to follow or not. But shortly after, Hanna and Amber both felt some pressure go into their bowels.

"Why now, of all times?" Amber whispered to herself as she desperately tried to hold in her load. At that same time, she could feel something trying to come out of her bladder. Now she has two things to try to hold in. "This day just can't get any worse..."

Hanna, on the other hand, remained quiet about her desperation. She knew how to hold onto her load without showing that she's desperate to go. She fortunately stumbled upon a large Jack-o'-lantern near a small house in the middle of the woods. The group decided to go there as their last stop before going home. As they approached the house, she quietly slipped away from the group and approached the giant pumpkin. She checked to see if the lid could come off by pulling on it, but she could tell it was a real carved one by smelling it. At that time, she could feel her bowels about to explode. She knew it wouldn't be long before she ends up making a mess in her panties.

"I'm so sorry, big guy," Hanna whispered to the gourd as she took off the lid and pulled down her panties. "I'm sorry you have to be a victim of this."

Hanna lifted her dress and sat on the gourd, slightly weakening the flame inside it. She sighed as she pushed out a big brown stream into the gourd, fully putting out the flame. She farted a lot as she tried her hardest to fully empty the load that she has actually held on to for a day. She then got up to wipe her butt with some tissue that she kept in case her nose started to run. She then got up to release a golden stream onto a bush that was somehow covered in non-Halloween lights. The stream came out in a less sprinkly jet than Anais's did. She wiped her privates with another piece of tissue before pulling up her panties and reuniting with the group, who was ironically looking for her.

"Where've you been, Hanna?" Serina asked. Hanna kept quiet as she followed Anais to the door. Amber, however, was still trying to find a bathroom to relieve herself in. She tried desperately to hold in her loads, hoping that she would make it home in time. When Hanna rang the doorbell, she began to notice Amber's desperation. She wanted to ask the person living in the house if she could use their toilet, but it turned out that no one was home. Immediately, Anais and Serina headed home. Of course, Serina had thoughts of playing video games before going to bed. Anais, on the other hand, became tired and went straight to bed.

Hanna followed Amber to her house, because she was too scared to go home by herself (and she was concerned about her desperation). Amber could feel her bladder and bowels reaching their breaking points. She walked as slowly and carefully as she could, hoping not to have a major accident. But Hanna knew for a fact that it was inevitable. Finally making it to her house, Amber reached into her pocket for her keys. Right after unlocking the door, however, Hanna could hear a very loud and wet fart escape Amber's butt as she quickly held her stomach and arched forward. She pulled up her dress and saw a huge lump in her panties, which were suddenly colored brown. The lump slowly increased in size as Hanna could also notice a wet spot forming in the front and a massive yellow stream pouring out of it and dripping down her legs. After it was all over, she took her to the bathroom to clean her up.

"Why?" Amber said, sobbing heavily. "Why me? Why me of all people?!"

Hanna took off Amber's panties and sat her on the toilet, hoping that she would release everything else in her bowels. She then gave her a hug, hoping that she would eventually feel better. After they had cleaned up, they went to Amber's room to go to sleep. A few hours later, Hanna woke up to notice that the bed was wet, along with Amber's pajamas. Some of it had got onto her bare legs as they were right between Amber's.

Meanwhile, a slender young man (yes, the same one from before) was coming home to put away the Jack-o'-lanterns, only to be disgusted by the smell of one of them when he took off the lid. It didn't take him long to find out someone took a dump in it.

*002*2012-11-09 16:59

{{:

Ha! lol That ending's priceless!

}}

What even more priceless, Hanna didn't even know that it was his! I mean, if she did, then Amber would have thrown it onto his house, because she would have straight up told her. lol

*005*2012-11-29 06:17

{{:

Haha, talk about indirect (and unplanned) revenge! lol

}}

{{:

Haha, talk about indirect (and unplanned) revenge! lol

}}

Indirect and unplanned... Now, that's clever! :D

*009*2012-12-17 03:27

{{:

You mean finding a big cow pie in you'er pumpkin wasn't enough? Jesus, I can't imagine!

}}

Lol I think you mean a cow smoothie. :D

{{:

Wow what an amazing story with such a great ending. That guy totally deserved a bit more but I guess what is done is done.

}}

Hanna's that really nice and quiet type, so she would never do anything rash or vengeful. Now Amber might break a window or two. lol

{{:

This story made me think of Slender (the game). Anyone else?

}}

Nope, I don't get it. :(

*014*2013-01-04 06:34

{{:

Well thanks but you know what they say never judge a book by its cover. ^.^

}}

Got a point there. ;)

