Adventures of Alexia and Crystal

Author: Storytime

*000*2013-01-24 04:08

Well... It truly has been some time hasn't it? I'm back. AND I bring a brand new IP. This time, I dug deep in my creative well and decided to do an original project. I don't know how often I'm gonna update this. I wrote this in an hour so... more in my "On the fly" nature. I MIGHT revisit or bring back Maylu if anyone wants it (It's in my signature so new members can read as well). None of this is a guarantee. I don't have the time as I did last time but I felt the urge to write and I did XD Without further ado, here we go :)

Every Movie star has to start somewhere, right? This was the thought process of Alexa Wisdom, a sixteen year old acting hopeful. She dreamed of the day that her name would be seen in lights but for now settled on signing her name up for the new school play. It was nothing out there. The usual Romeo and Juliet play that any California school would perform. Alexia had always shown great acting prowess, able to switch up her styles with expert precision and finesse.

“Hey Lexi, can you come here?” called a voice next to Alexia followed by a tap on the shoulder.

Alexia broke out of her dream state and snapped her neck to the right. She was looking at her best friend of twelve years, Crystal. They had known each other since they were four. Practically sisters. They went to the same acting school, enjoyed the same things and were the usual best friends. They told each other about the boys they liked and even checked out the other’s love interest for each other. They were inseparable.

“What’s wrong?” Lexi said, a little concern in her voice.

“You were staring off into dreamland there, Kirby.” Crystal joked.

Alexia rolled her eyes at the video game reference.

“You are such a nerd. You know that?” Lexi scoffed.

“Ummm… who’s the one with a boyfriend right now?”

“Touche.”

Alexia focused on the English teacher who continued his lesson in spite of the girls. Alexia looked at Crystal and sighed. She knew that look. Whenever Crystal tapped her toes and her face went into ultimate focus mode, she had to pee- and bad.

“Just ask to go.” Alexia ordered.

“I can’t.”

“Why not? Come on. You’re not the best at holding it.”

“I… can’t.” Crystal said with tears in her eyes.

“Oh my God. Crystal what happened?” Alexia whispered with a concerned fury.

“I lost the bet. My bother said I can’t go all day.” Crystal sighed, remembering how she lost a bet with her brother. She almost beat him too. But he was a Smash Bros. champion and she, as always, was second fiddle. She loved her brother. She really did. Probably trusted him more than Alexia if she were to be truly honest with herself. She had to go through with the bet. She lost fair and square. She had made it through first, second, third and lunch and with ten minutes left in the school day, she only had to make it home. Once there, she would beg him to allow her to go. She was his baby sister after all. Could he say no?

“Crystal, you know that’s stupid. You’re gonna pee yourself because your brother beat you in a video game?” Alexia almost face palmed.

Crystal averted her gaze and struggled on in silence. Her toe tapping turned into fingers drumming across her lap and eventually crossing and uncrossing her legs for ten minutes. She breathed heavily, feeling Alexia’s worried and angered gaze on her. She felt like a three year old. She leaned forward putting her head on the desk. She stared at the teacher and took her notes from his lecture. As the teacher was finishing up the lesson, he told them to read three more chapters and sat down.

RING! RING! RING!

Sweet salvation! Crystal, Alexia and the rest of the class packed their things and rushed out. Crystal was a bit slower and made extra sure to tuck in her chair. Alexia took the lead, grabbing her best friend’s hand and carrying her to the bathroom. They both went in to Crystal’s dismay. Alexia pointed at the stall with a motherly scowl. Crystal shed a few tears and repeated herself,

“I lost. Fair is fair.”

“So you’re gonna have another accident then…”

“If that’s what it’ll take…” Crystal lowed her head and buried into inter her taller friend’s chest and cried.

“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have mentioned it.” Alexia said stroking Crystal’s blonde hair. Another girl walked in on the two but Crystal didn’t care. The freshman that intruded on their moment backed out slowly and awkwardly apologizing for the intrusion. After two minutes of crying, Alexia took Crystal over to the mirrors.

“What will your parents say this time?” Alexia asked dreading the answer.

“Probably a month…” Crystal thought, “Oh no… but the last accident was last month… So probably two.”

Alexia groaned in displeasure for her friend. Crystal washed her face and allowed Alexia to re-apply her mascara which had run from her crying spell. Once complete, both girls looked in the mirror. Alexia admired her hair, brown, strong and long, going past her shoulders. She was a C cup sized girl fast approaching her 17th birthday. She was 5’6 and the taller of the two. Crystal was on the other hand was smaller; 5’2 and was a B cup girl. She had more curves where Alexia had less size almost as compensation. Both girls were pretty, nothing truly standing out but nothing truly lacking. They were natural beauties.

“We have to get you home fast. Two months is too long.” Alexia stated.

“I know.” Alexia said more to appease her friend. She had already accepted her fate.

Alexia and Crystal walked out of the bathroom and down two flights of stairs to the ground floor of their school, where they then proceeded to their lockers. Alexia and Crystal were lucky enough to have been locker neighbors so Alexia hurriedly cleared out both lockers and the friends were on their way home. They lived across the street from each other with school being a ten minute walk away. Alexia noticed Crystal’s increasing discomfort. She walked slowly and with small steps. Alexia held out her hand and Crystal took it and squeezed hard. Lexi half jogged, half walked practically dragging Crystal home.

Crystal could feel the liquid slosh around with each step. Her blue skirt being nothing but a blue blur as her eyes burned with tears. She lost the bet and now could feel her dignity slip away. She allowed Alexia to drag her until-

“Yes! We’re almost here. Hold on for two minutes!” Alexia shouted in victory.

Crystal’s eyes were unclouded just enough to make out her roof and looked in front of her to see the left turn leading to the girls’ street. Then disaster struck. Both girls gasped as Alexia tripped and they both fell. The shock on Crystal’s body was enough to cause her to lose all control. Her pee, though inaudible was clearly visible for anyone on the street, if there was anyone. Crystal screamed and laid there crying as she wet herself uncontrollably. Her white cotton panties and blue skirt were soaked. While Alexis got up, Crystal remained down, stunned and crying. She peed for two minutes, the liquid running down the side walk and making it down the nearby drain. Crystal sat up on her knees, bawling about her accident. Alexia stood outside the puddle radius and lowed herself down and sat on her haunches,

“Crystal... I’m so sorry.” Alexia tried comforting her best friend.

“Not even one month! Mom and Daddy are gonna put me in diapers for two months now.” She managed to say in between sobs.

Alexia helped her friend up and finished the walk. Both girls entered Crystal’s house. Crystal was still crying which attracted a rapid succession of thuds from upstairs, onto the stairs and eventually down the stairs.

“CRYSTAL!?!?!?” A worried voice called out.

Crystal ran with outstretched arms to her big brother and for the second time in a day, she cried into a chest. This chest however belonged to Shane, Crystal’s big brother.

“What happened? I didn’t think you’d actually wet yourself!” He said with genuine concern.

“It was accident.” Crystal sobbed.

“It’s all my fault…” Alexis said, beginning to sob as well, “If I didn’t trip like the clumsy klutz I am, she probably would have made it.”

Crystal stopped crying long enough to turn and around and yell, “That’s not true! I was… I was already wet when we were in class. I was soaked before we fell. You did your best but I already lost.” After making that confession, she sat down on the mini flight of stairs that separated the front door from the house proper.

“It’s okay. Just shower and change. Shane told his sister, while stroking her long hair.

“Ya…” Crystal slumped off upstairs, sobbing.

“Do you have to go?” Shane teased Alexia.

The girl stiffened but laughed it off,

“No.”

She walked up the stepped and hugged Shane by the waist and rested her head on his neck. He hugged her back and she felt his lips on the side of her temple.

“How long do we have to hide this?” Alexia asked Shane.

“Just until you graduate. I know it sucks. If your parents liked me, we wouldn’t have to but it is what it is.

” Shane responded softly.

They separated and Shane led her up to the living room where he offered her a coke.

*002*2013-01-26 05:27

@Teaforme Thanks man! Always nice to hear good stuff ^^

This chapter actually came along much more quickly than I had originally thought it would. Since it's done, I thought I'd share some more of the love with you guys :D

Chapter 2

Alexia followed Shane to the living room and accepted his coke offer. He tossed her a can and took one himself. They sat in the two-seater that faced the TV at a 45° but Alexia sat in Shane’s lap to continue the mood.

“I can’t wait till I graduate. Then you will be all mine.” She said clawing at his bicep in a sexy manner.

“Oh baby girl, you read my mind.” Shane said kissing the girl’s neck.

Alexia stiffened, relaxed and melted in his arms like putty, all three actions occurring in the blink of an eye.

Upstairs, Crystal sobbed as she removed her wet skirt and underwear in the privacy of the bathroom and hopped in the shower.

Why does this always happen to me. Lexi never seems to have any problems with her bladder anymore. What was her secret? I’m sure if she knew, she’d tell me. Crystal thought to herself, of the two of us, Lexi wet the bed longer and even wore pull ups into the second grade and now I am the one who pees her pants and gets put back in diapers. What am I thinking? She tried her best to save me from my accident! Remember who your friends are numb tits.

Alexia and Shane had begun a full on make out session in the living room. She had her legs wrapped around his waist and he was kissing and licking her neck. She moaned out in pleasure and came slightly. She could also feel his boner rubbing against her ass, which only turned her on more. Then disaster struck. The feeling of being turned on brought on a sudden urge to pee.

“Shane,” She gasped between moans, “I need to pee! Please let me go!” Alexia pleaded weakly.

Shane didn't buy it however, “Didn't you say you didn't need to go?” he said laughing it off while increasing his grip on her waist and her bladder as well by accident.

Alexia, realizing that he was squeezing her more, began to struggle harder and her grunts became shouts and pleas became cries.

“Please Shane. I’m gonna wet myself!” She said, her gasps being caused by tears of pain rather than the endorphins rushing out before causing pleasure.

Shane, finally realizing what was happening, let her go and apologized profusely. The struggling girl stumbled backwards out of his lap and fell on her behind- hard. Just hard enough to cause a small leak to be sprung. She quickly stuffed both hands into her crotch, jammed her legs shut and crossed them at the ankles. The tears of pain running down her face came unrelentingly as she only just caught herself and regained some semblance of control.

“Lexi, I’m sorry. Oh my God! I’m so sorry. I didn’t know. How can I help?” Shane begged her.

“It’s okay,” she sniffed, “I got it.”

With those words she got up and ran to the bathroom. When she ran off, Shane noticed a tiny puddle of urine where she was and saw little drops trailing behind her to the bathroom. He followed the trail from the living room to the hall that led to a small flight of stairs containing six steps. There was a bigger puddle at the door, and sobbing coming from inside.

Shane opened the door to see a crying Alexia on her knees in a yellow puddle against the off-white tiles. He stood frozen staring at his sixteen year old “girlfriend”. He put a hand on her shoulder, which she immediately shrugged off.

“D-don’t…” She sobbed, “I wanna go home.” She whispered the last part.

“No! I’m sorry. Don’t go!” Shane continued to beg.

“Are you high? I just peed myself. I can’t stay here. I’ll clean up the floor but I’m leaving.” Alexia snapped at Shane.

She then rose from her knees and walked past him without a glance and continued down the stairs into the basement and found the mop. She walked back up and cleaned the bathroom, the grand hall and the living room. Shane opened a few windows and pleaded for her to stay. Alexia, having said her piece earlier ignored him and hurriedly replaced the mop and just as quickly scooped up her bag and left. She ran across the street crying all the way home.

Shane stood in the archway cursing himself for not letting her go and missing the perfect opportunity with her. He watched as she ran across the street and up to her door, opened it and closed… or slammed it shut. He stood there for five minutes before going in and gently closing his own front door. He went into the living room and sulked, only nursing his now half empty coke.

“Shane? You okay?” Crystal called out from the top of the stairs.

“Yeah, why?” Shane responded, trying to sound confused.

“Well… I heard screaming and yelling. Sooo… Ya…”

“It was nothing. Lexi and I were playing Brawl.”

“Liar! You got her to play?” Crystal said genuinely hopeful.

“Ya… I-I don’t think she’ll want to play again though,” He said forcing a laugh as best he could, “I whooped her pretty bad.” He said trying to close the subject.

“Awww, Damn. Why couldn’t you guys wait for me? I’m getting dressed!”

“If she plays next time, you can fight her. Oh and… sorry for making you hold it all day.” He said trying to change the subject.

“…It’s… It’s okay…” She said deflated.

“Come on baby sis! Why not play some brawl with me? You seem to be getting better with Wario and Snake.”

“Coooooming.” She chirped, “Let me finish getting dressed first.”

After five minutes of silence, Crystal returned downstairs and walked into the living room in grey sweatpants, a white tank top with a light pink bra underneath. She sat in the lazy boy chair on the opposite side of the room from the two-seater. She looked at Shane, who was wearing a graphic-T, sweatpants and his golden locks were jelled in that pretty boy style. Crystal herself kept her blonde hair just below her shoulders in a plain, almost standard straight style. She grabbed a wii remote and nun-chuck and tossed her brother the wireless gamecube controller.

