Overwatch - the Sniper, the Angel, and the Hacker (Warning: Messing)

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2017-02-25 07:32

So I love writing, and I love Omo, but I've never tried writing Omo before. So, I figured, why not start with a short story about a game I frigging love, and see how people like it?

If it turns out people like this, I do have some ideas for future installments. Let me know what you guys think.

Warning: Messing, and it is described in good detail. If this story turns out popular, and people would prefer it without messing, future installments may or may not have it. Also fear wetting/messing. No one gets seriously injured or dies, but they do get pretty scared.

Anyway, hope you like it.

###

Widowmaker stood perched on a secluded rooftop, overlooking a narrow street below. King's Row at night was mercifully dark, and even her rather conspicuous costume was difficult to see to any observer. She felt something inside her... Happiness. Nostalgia. Even as dead as these emotions were to her, they were still there, and yes, she was happy to return to the site of one of her finest kills.

Something else stirred within her, however: a rather pressing need for the restroom. Snipers are required to perch for long hours, without distraction. Even looking away for a couple of minutes could allow your target to escape. Mercifully, her ability to feel shame was even more muted than her ability to feel joy. She'd encountered this problem many times before, and would encounter it again. She spread her legs slightly, and prepared to solve the dilemma the same way she always had.

With minimal resistance, her quite full bladder emptied. A faint hsssssssss could be heard, and she felt the golden liquid warmth pouring down her suit. Perhaps for this reason, her suit was made of a material that did not show the wetness, but she still could feel the warm, wet streaks coursing down her thighs, depositing into a surprisingly large puddle at her feet. The heat was nice, in the cold of King's Row.

Her focus returned to the task at hand, for she had to keep a lookout for her target. With her bodily needs satisfied for the moment, she was able to pay much closer attention to the streets her prey would eventually walk down. "For the moment" was a rather key phrase, however, for her bathroom needs soon caught up with her again. This time, however, it would be a slightly... messier expulsion.

She gave a slight sigh of annoyance. Like wetting herself, it was not her first time, and it would likely not be the last. It was just... much less convenient. And the smell. It revived her emotion of shame much the same as trips to King's Row rekindled her happiness. Making sure to keep her rifle up, the scope hovering over one eye, just in case her quarry happened by during, she bent her knees a small amount.

Giving a small grunt, she forced her mess out. It pushed against the soft cloth of her panties, stopping when it met the resistance of her rubbery suit. Giving a bit more forceful of a push, her waste rocketed out of her with a wet squelch sound. The logs compounded somewhat, forming a lumpy, softball-sized bulge between the buttcheeks her suit so proudly outlined. The wet, sticky warmth covered her backside. The smell drifted upwards, ultimately meeting with her nose. It almost made her cringe a bit. Of all the things to remind her of her humanity, why did it have to be this?

An energetic, electronic sound emanated alongside a pink light from behind her. Sombra. Of all the people...

"Woah-ho, there, spider. Eat a little too much before the mission?", Sombra said, fanning the air in front of her nose. Widowmaker always did find Sombra and her taunting to be insufferable, but she was too valuable to Talon to give up.

"I had to go, Sombra. It is better that my suit be ruined than the mission", Of course, logic wouldn't be enough to make the obnoxious little hacker shut up. "Besides, I still remember that time you went out drinking with that cowboy and came home with some sodden pants of your own".

"Alright, alright. Point taken", Sombra said, a slight blush coloring her normally composed and calculating face. "Ooh! Is that her?!", Sombra said in a hushed whisper, "I'll cloak and get close to her". Widowmaker peered through her scope, down the street. Sure enough, there was the target.

Angela Ziegler, she thought, Mercy.

She didn't know why Talon wanted her dead, and she didn't care. A job was a job, end of discussion. She took aim, and carefully put her finger on the trigger...

###

Mercy had been invited to some conference to showcase her advanced equipment and medical knowledge. Winston had organized some sort of event, hoping to show the good Overwatch had done, and was hoping that displaying some of their more advanced and more good-natured technology would be able to change some hearts and minds. Mercy had eagerly agreed.

As such, she walked down the streets in her full armor, hoping to show it off. A sudden sound, like footsteps on the cobblestone roads suddenly echoed from a nearby alleyway. The streets were totally deserted except for her, so the noise made her a little uneasy. A sudden series of more rapid footsteps sounded off much closer, and she turned quickly in alarm. That proved to be life-saving, as a powerful bullet suddenly split the air where her head had been a second before.

In a sudden panic, she threw both hands over her head, and hurrid into a nearby buidling whose door was open. She put her back to the wall, breathing very rapidly. Her hair hung down in her face, and sweat droplets began to form. And a strange, hot, wetness flowed down her legs. What was that?

Oh.

Despite being in combat what must have been hundreds of times, Mercy never did the sturdiest continence. More dangerous situations often saw her peeing, or worse, into her armored leggings; much to the joy of her companions, who often found how easily frightened she was to be quite funny. The most embarassing had to have been that surprise party, where they all jumped out, and she...

Nevermind, a sniper was trying to kill her, her embarassing memories weren't important right now. She pulled out a communicator she used to keep in touch with her former Overwatch colleagues, and after what felt like an eternity, Winston answered.

"Winston!", she said in a panicked and shaky voice.

"Angela? What's the matter? Are you okay?" came his concerned reply.

"Yes. No. I'm in trouble, but I'm not hurt, not yet," she stammered out, finding her words difficult to squeeze out.

"Try and stay where you are! I'll be there in just a second!" his words were music to her ears.

She set her large Caduceus staff aside, favoring her pistol. It wasn't much, but a good number of enemies had underestimated her pistol, which proved a rather fatal mistake. She jumped at the sudden sound of movement in the room with her, simultaneously feeling more of her pee leave warm trails down her shapely legs. She held up her pistol, and tried to stop shaking so hard.

Suddenly, and without warning, a person appeared ahead of her, and to her right. Before she could adjust her aim and fire, the woman fired first, blasting Mercy's pistol out of her hands. The woman kept her smg trained on Mercy, and began walking towards her, tauntingly.

Mercy's courage failed her, and she fell backwards against the wall, landing in her own puddle of urine with a wet splish. The woman smirked and chuckled a bit upon noticing her lapse in continence.

"Well well, looks like no one can keep their pants dry, tonight," She said, pointing to Mercy's puddle of piddle. The woman made a point of aiming the smg directly at the doctor's head, "Look at the bright side, at least no one will know you did it before you died," she said as placed the barrel of the smg against Mercy's temple.

Her fear totally overwhelmed, and she suddenly felt a weight leave her abdomen. Then she realized it hadn't just disappeared, it had travelled into her underwear. She had just soiled herself in fear. Her armored leggings were quite firm, and did not allow her mess to collect into a ball shape, but rather, it smoothed out like a pancake, covering her entire rear end.

As she tried to regain her composure, her assailant did seem to notice the squishing noises and accompannying smell, her smirk growing to nearly impossible proportions. But, against Mercy's expectations, the woman pulled the gun away from her head. Looking down as condescendingly as possible, she said "Unless, of course, you'd like to make a deal,".

It took Mercy a second to register what she'd just heard. She was coming back from the despair of being certain her life was over, and her senses weren't quite back to normal, yet.

"W-what do you mean?" She quickly got out.

The woman pointed a clawed finger at Mercy's staff, "I want you to give me your staff, and show me how it works. I've got some fun plans for it Do that, and I'll tell Talon I killed you," she extended her hand to the sitting woman, "Deal?".

Mercy weighed her options. On the one hand, she didn't want to die; on the other, the Caduceus staff was a powerful tool, one she didn't want to fall into Talon's, well, talons. Then she remembered: Winston was coming. She was confident that Winston could make short work of these attackers, as she'd seen him decimate entire squadrons of Talon soldiers in the past. If she accepted the woman's offer, she could stall for time until Winston showed up.

"Deal," Mercy said, reaching for the woman's hand. To her confusion, the woman threw her hand forward, touching one finger to Mercy's nose before pulling her hand back, saying "boop" while doing so.

###

"Boop"

Sombra, instead of helping Mercy to her feet, walked right over to the staff that was carefully set upon a nearby chair. She picked it up, and began flipping it over in hands, inspecting it.

"So, how do you work this thing, doc?" Sombra said, pointing the staff at Mercy, who had found her way to her feet, drops and rivulets of her fear-induced pee running down her legs as she stood from her puddle.

Taking the staff from Sombra, Mercy expertly flipped it to the correct holding position. Begrudgingly, she began to go over its various controls and abilities, Sombra's eyes widening with potential plots and schemes at each feature Mercy described.

In the middle of the lesson, however, Mercy suddenly seemed to look behind Sombra. Just as Sombra noticed, Mercy delivered a powerful kick into her gut, forcing her backwards. The force of the kick sent numerous droplets of pee into the air. Sombra drew her smg, and levelled it at Mercy, "Do I need to make you piss youself again? Do you seriously think you can take me?" she said furiously.

Now it was Mercy's chance to smirk, "Not alone", she said. Sombra's confusion was evident, but not for long as the wall behind her suddenly burst forth, revealing Overwatch's signature gorilla scientist: Winston. Sombra turned and fired wildly, unsure what was happening. Her aim was completely off, however, and she was knocked to the ground, lying on her belly.

Winston drew his massive tesla cannon, and began firing it at the prone woman. "Trying to hurt my friends, huh?" Winston said, to the tune of Sombra shouting in pain, "Not on my watch, Talon".

Sombra could barely even hear him, as electricity coursed throughout her body. As it caused every nerve and muscle in her body to go absolutely crazy, such unimportant things as not wetting herself were forgotten, as her crotch suddenly filled with hot, steaming urine. Content to share, the urine flowed outward, creating a sizeable puddle around Sombra's waist, even wetting her shirt a bit as she lay prone.

Once it was clear that she was no threat, Winston moved over to Mercy, checking that she was alright. In the middle of her assurances that she was fine, a sudden clanging was heard against the door to the building. They both looked up to see one of Widowmakers venom mines on the door, primed and about to explode. Thinking quickly, Winston deployed a shield barrier, saving them from the poisonous gas. He noticed that the barrier inadvertently covered and saved Sombra as well.

As the poisonous fog cleared, and the barrier vanished, the two suddenly noticed that Sombra was gone. Winston fired his tesla cannon around the room, hoping to catch her while invisible, but it was in vain, as Sombra had fled the building.

She was making her way back to the rooftop occupied by Widowmaker, her pants, skirt and shirt all bearing a humiliating wet splotch that made her lack of control rather obvious. The chill in the air was rather unpleasant as her crotch and thighes suddenly felt frozen in their wet state. And she had even taunted Widowmaker for using the restroom on herself, but at least Widow had relieved herself in her pants intentionally. Something about the fact that Sombra simply lost control was even more insulting.

Another crashing sound was heard behind her, as the gorilla broke through another wall. He was surrounded by a strange, blue glow, and whatever was left in Sombra's bladder flowed out into her panties as she realized it was the damage booster Mercy had described to her. It made the gorilla even more deadly.

She almost screamed when the monkey leapt through the air towards her, before remembering that she was still invisible. No, they weren't going for her... But then where...

Oh no.

The gorilla had landed on the rooftop with Widowmaker, and Mercy followed closely behind him, healing and boosting him all the way. If she didn't get up there now, Widow could be killed.

Throwing her teleporter to the rooftop, she activated, and one short flash of light later, was in the middle of the battle. She de-cloaked, and joined Widowmaker in unleashing a hailstorm of bullets on the pair of heros. Things were looking good, as they were damaging him much faster than Mercy could heal him, and he was resorting to holding up his hands to protect his face.

They pressed the attack, but Winston had something up his sleeve. In the blink of an eye, she swore the gorilla had doubled in height, and now seemed to be seething with rage. The blue damage-boosting aura still encircled the massive primate, meaning this was going to hurt. A lot.

With a sweep of one arm, he smashed into Widow, launching her against a wall. She slid down, and landed on her butt with gross squish, her mess from earlier having never been cleaned. Sombra prepared to get smashed by his massive arms, but instead found herself picked up, and held in the air. Two of his hands completely encircled her body, and their grip was iron. Winston leaned in close, blowing steaming how breath into her face.

Her face mimicked the terror she felt inside, and her more substantial waste could no longer be contained. Whimpering, and eyes watering, she felt a sticky warmth covering her butt, and felt its weight growing substantially. More, more, and more came out, until she was certain she had soiled herself more thoroughly than the other two women combined. Her mess overloaded her panties, flowing into her pants. If one got a view up her skirt, they could see that the bulge was, in a word, enormous.

Perhaps having an accident managed to work her fear out, but her professional mind suddenly returned, and she managed to wriggle one of her teleporters out, dropping a few feet away from herself and Winston. Activating it, she found herself suddenly free of his grip, and she sprinted over to Widow, who lay unconscious in a newly-created pool of pee, having wet herself again as Winston slammed her into a wall.

She hurriedly grabbed Widow's grappling-hook arm, and made it launch upwards, grabbing hold of a ledge and pulling them to safety. Throwing the unconscious and very-in-need-of-a-shower sniper over her shoulders, Sombra cloaked once again, and began running for it, not caring about the squishing sounds coming from her pants, and trying not to think about what was running down her legs.

###

As the duo escaped, Winston's Primal Rage subsided, and he collapsed onto the ground, his energy entirely spent. Mercy was by his side, more grateful than she'd ever been. She made sure to tell him what a lifesaver he was.

"Oh, it- it was no problem, Angela," Winston stuttered, half out of exhaustion, and half out of not knowing how to take a compliment.

"Say Winston?" Mercy began, looking at him with pleading eyes.

"Yes?"

"Before we go to the convention..."

"Yes?"

"Do you mind if I find some fresh clothes, first?"

*005*2017-02-27 11:46

In light of the positive feedback (thanks, by the way, it means a lot!) I'll try and post part two soon.

*006*2017-02-27 12:35

Since I know that not everyone is into fear wetting/messing (or messing at all, for that matter), I tried to tone it down it down a little bit (fear not, it's still there). The first, like, third of the story is desperation followed by wetting, but be warned! Things get messy soon after.

###

Mei stood atop the payload in Numbani, desperately wishing she had chosen some lighter clothes. The heat was oppressive and relentless, and she found herself frequently shooting herself in the face with her cryo blaster just to cool down. Like many missions, Mei's team had rushed ahead, leaving her as the only one to protect and push the payload.

And boy, was she bored.

The sounds of fighting raged up ahead, but she was stuck back here on the what felt like the world's slowest roller-coaster. Mortal danger be damned, she wished she was up there, fighting with everyone else. It couldn't be worse than this.

Then again, maybe it was for the best. She didn't have the best track record with keeping her pants dry and poop-free in combat. Hell, she didn't have a very sterling record out of combat. Something about having been frozen for so long did permanent damage to her body. She supposed it was a blessing, since being slightly incontinent was preferable to something like brain damage or sensory impairment.

All things considered, she was probably lucky that she got out of it with just a weak bladder and matching bowels.

She still didn't have to like it, though. Once she resumed lab work, they made her wear diapers after she'd had a few too many accidents on the job. She still wasn't sure if wetting her diaper was any more or less humiliating than wetting her pants.

Today, however, she was suddenly missing her diapers, since she opted not to wear one on this mission. She'd gotten confident in her control, and wanted to put her body to the test in a real mission. It may turn out to be a mistake, though, as she was feeling a rather pressing need to pee.

This, too, was a "good thing", all things considered. Over the last couple of years, half the time she didn't know she had to pee until it was already most of the way down her legs. So the simple fact that she got this warning meant she'd made progress. It was all about being optimistic.

Of course, no amount of optimism made her feel like she wasn't about to just up and pee in her pants.

She decided to relax a little bit. She sat day on top of the payload, leaning her back against it. To pass the time until the payload finally reached its destination, and to distract from her pressing need to urinate, she began recounting previous missions.

She recalled one where she, Tracer, and Reinhardt had been sent to destroy some rogue omnics that had reactivated somewhere near Eichenwalde. She felt so cool (pun intended) during that mission. Throwing ice walls up to block incoming fire, sniping enemies with icicles, freezing things solid before shattering them into a million pieces. Good times.

Of course, she had an accident during that mission, didn't she? That's right. At some point during the fighting, she took cover behind a wall, and her bladder and bowels just decided they were done doing what she wanted. She remembered suddenly noticing that she was sitting in a pile of wet mush. Tracer and Rein were nice enough about it. They thought she just got scared and couldn't hold it, but again, she didn't know if it was more or less embarrassing to admit she just couldn't help it. Tracer had been quick to reassure Mei that "it happens to everyone, luv! Even I have, once or twice," to which Reinhardt replied "Once or twice?!". She got a laugh out of that.

Okay, so daydreaming had the opposite effect of taking her mind off of her bladder. She realized that she'd subconsciously started holding herself. Moaning in desperation, she began looking for anywhere to relieve herself. Of course a city as futuristic as Numbani wouldn't have a porta potty anywhere. She didn't quite want to just go in an alley, though. The payload suddenly lurched forward before coming to an abrupt stop, evidently having hit a checkpoint. The sudden movements caused a quick spurt of pee to be released into her poor panties, which soaked up the pee readily. Her crotch turned very warm, with a little bit seeping down to her butt. She gasped in alarm, and both of her hands rocketed to the space between her legs, trying very hard to make sure that leak was the last one.

She checked her mission progress. They payload was 34.6% of the way there. Seeing how far she still had to go made her almost pee herself then and there. There was absolutely no way she could last that long. The payload would be fine if she just left it for like, thirty or forty-five seconds, right? Giving up any sense of decency, she started scouting for viable alleyways or gutters.

At last she spotted one that was very out-of-sight, and decided it was the one. She stood up, and instantly wished she hadn't. Another quick spurt re-warmed her crotch. The bigger barrier was still to come, however, as she still had to jump down from the payload. The two-foot drop might as well have been a bottomless cavern, considering her chances of making it. Steeling herself, and clamping down hard, she jumped.

The moment she hit the ground, however, her blood ran cold as she lost a sizeable amount of urine into her thick pants. With a quick, panicky gasp, she regained control. She now had a wet patch on her crotch and thighs, the size of a large orange. She was losing hope fast. She took careful step after careful step. She was in a daze, in disbelief as each step cost her more leaked urine. The wet patch continually grew, evolving from an orange-sized patch to melon-sized, then watermelon, then began streaming down her thighs and down her legs.

She reached the alley, dropped her pants, and was curious on why she didn't have to pee anymore.

Oh, I've completely peed my pants, already, haven't I? She thought in despair, tears beginning to well in her eyes. She pulled her pants back up, and inspected the damage. Large, thick trails of wetness ran down both legs. Despite their dark coloring, it was still pretty obvious what she'd done.

She returned to her post on the payload, sulking. As she was just waiting for it all to be over, she heard a sound that struck fear into even the bravest men and women:

"RYUU GA WAGA TEKI WO KURAU!!"

She knew the words well. Everyone did. She didn’t know how he did it, but those are the words Hanzo shouts when he sends huge, spiralling death your way.

If she hadn't already wet herself, she would've now. As if wetting herself hadn't been enough, the words seemed to knock her bowels loose, and she could feel them about to release. Then she saw it: The enormous, spiralling, spirit dragons or whatever they were gliding through earth and buildings...

Directly towards the payload she was riding. She stood up, petrified with fear. Do I have enough time to run?! How fast are they going?! Do they- Oh no! Her thought were interrupted by a sudden brrrrrrrap from her backside. The first, rather unladylike noise was soon followed by a very loud squishing sound as she thoroughly filled her pants. She felt the shameful warmth cover her butt, leaving very little space unsoiled. Some of it even flowed beyond the cuff of her panties, and down her right thigh, just a bit. Her pants and panties sagged down quite far, I really should have worn a diaper...

As the dragons approached, she activated one of her most useful abilities, and encased herself within a large block of protective ice. For one reason or another, the dragons didn't seem to care about her, as long she was inside of it. Unfortunately, entering the ice block had the unintended consequence of mushing her accident against her butt, as the ice was very tightly packed against her. Like salt in a wound, her mess was smeared against her rear.

My team is so going to make fun of me for this...

###

Hana Song, or D.Va as she was more commonly known, had a reputation for always keeping her cool in combat. She was so confident in her abilities and her mighty MEKA suit, that she actually livestreamed her missions over the internet, to the joy of her many fans. What they didn't know, however, was her tendency to be... less brave without her mech.

After she wet and/or messed herself the first few times her mech was destroyed, she, like Mei, had taken up the habit of wearing diapers on missions. At first, she hated that she had to, but for a celebrity like herself, it was important to save face. Over time, however, she grew somewhat fond of them.

She was rather hoping today wouldn't prove to be a day she’d need her diaper, but she wore it, just in case. More than once in the past, she’d decided against it, and later regretted it.

It turned out to be a good call, as she had fallen back to check on Mei at the payload, since she gotten off of it for a little while, and then Hanzo shot his dragons at it. On the way there, her mech had been fatally damaged, and crashed into the side of a building, then collapsed into the street.

Normally not a problem, but this instance was different: her eject button had malfunctioned. Shey lay on the ground, pinned by her own mech. She was totally stuck, and totally useless to her team, right now. Worse yet, she had to use the bathroom. Badly.

She'd had to for a while now, but she didn't want her fans to see her making any faces that would... give away what she was doing in her pants. But now, her stream was (hopefully) down, and she was free to use her pants as a bathroom as she pleased. She had to admit: they were damn convenient. Sometimes in battle, she just let go, because it was easier than holding it.

Some people knew her little secret about wearing them when she was piloting her mech, but what she never told anyone was that she also sometimes wore them around the house. Despite her crime-fighting career, she never gave up her old hobby of streaming. She reasoned, ostensibly, that it was unfair to her fans for her to have to take bathroom breaks while streaming. Many times, she’d be sitting, commentating on whatever she was playing, and, unbeknownst to the thousands watching her, simultaneously urinating on herself. She found the diapers particularly useful when streaming horror games.

As she was lost in thought, her stomach and bladder decided to remind her of her needs. She sighed, and, lying flat on her back, she closed her eyes, and let her liquid warmth fill the front of her diaper. First the area between her legs was met with the heat, then she felt it quickly flow down to her bottom. Before long, nearly every inch of her protective garment had been soaked with her pee. She wasn't done, though.

Finding a gap in her collapsed mech, she lifted her legs up, scrunched up her face, and pushed hard. She felt the mushy substance pile up in her diaper, and she cursed the fact that she had to put her legs down, since that caused it to be even further mashed into her butt. As convenient as she found them, and as much as she had warmed up to peeing on herself, no amount of experience was going to make her enjoy crapping her pants.

As a rather unpleasant smell began to fill the interior of her makeshift cage, she suddenly regretted all the food she ate yesterday.

She was prepared to take a nap, since she could be there for a while, when she suddenly heard a voice, "Hana? Are you in there?" The voice belonged to Mei.

"Uhhh, yeah. Think you could get me out?"

My team is so going to make fun of me for this...

###

Zarya was worried. D.Va had gone to check on Mei, and hadn't returned. Throwing out as many shields as she could before withdrawing, she retreated towards the payload. Her concern was well-warranted, as the poor streamer was trapped under the wreckage of her own mech. And standing next to the crash site was... a very wet and messy Mei.

Zarya approached them, and affixed a curious gaze on Mei, "What happened to you?", she asked, clearly eyeing the large, long dark streaks going down both of Mei's legs. Mei jumped, and tried in vain to cover the massive wetness with her hands.

Mei avoided eye contact, nervously knotted her hands together, and just quietly mumbled "dragons...", which seemed to elicit an understanding nod from the weightlifter. Mei was most certainly not the first person to ruin their pants and panties at the sight of Hanzo’s ultimate ability. Even Zarya herself had leaked upon, from time to time. Something that had thankfully gone unnoticed.

Zarya had a reputation as the strongest woman alive, hell maybe just the strongest person alive; and it simply wouldn’t do to have people know she sometimes had accidents, however small they may be.

Hana joined in the conversation suddenly, "Is that Zarya?! Help me out, here!" she shouted helplessly.

Zarya put her hands on her hips and observed the damage.

Mei looked around, and began formulating a plan, "Maybe if we can attach a wire from the payload to the mech, it will be strong enough to pull it off- What are you doing?!" she shouted in surprise, as Zarya had ignored her plan and simply bent over and started trying to lift the huge robot carcass. Zarya’s incredibly large and powerful muscles went to work, lifting the machine.

Mei was certain that she was about to break her back, but to her surprise, the wreckage budged. After a few more moments of Zarya giving it her all, the mech began to rise just enough for D.Va to escape.

Zarya began speaking between groans, "Come on, Hana! Crawl out!" As Hana obeyed, Zarya felt something happening. It wasn't her back breaking, it was much worse. She felt something about to escape into her pants. A long, wet, plplbplbplbplp sounded from her rear, and she blushed a very bright red while still lifting up the heavy robot.

Zarya was a big woman. Who lifted weights. She ate a lot. Her... releases were accordingly massive. Mei had a good view of the Russian woman's backside, and was able to see it clearly bulge out. She could also see the strong stream of urine pour from her crotch and onto the ground below her. Zarya could feel at first mushy, mud-like mess pouring out of her, and directly into her waiting panties; then a firm, thick log nestled its way in. Then another. And another. Meanwhile, her bladder took its chance and emptied. As her legs were spread and bent, a large stream wet her crotch, then fell to the ground, below her. She wasn’t fortunate enough, however, as not all the urine took that path out. Much of it did flow down her legs, wetting her pants as they were being filled.

Zarya was not thrilled about this. People say female weightlifters are slightly more prone to leakage, but she just had a full-blown accident in front of her peers. Wet mush stewed in the seat of her black pants, and warm urine ran down her muscely legs and into her boots.

My team is so going to make fun of me for this...

###

The three were surprised to find that each of them had had an accident, and shared a good laugh about it. With Zarya on their side, not many people would dare to make fun of them, the rest of their team just acknowledging that "accidents happen". In the end, the payload was delivered, and they each took a well-needed bath.

And Mei got gold objective time.

###

Hope you guys liked it! Can't say for sure when the next part will be up, but it will involve Pharah, and some nice fear-related scenes.

*010*2017-02-28 18:06

Dunno about you guys, but I LOVE women messing in their armor, so thought I'd throw in some of that. Here's the third and possibly final installment of my Overwatch stories, but I have ideas for other stories, in particular some World of Warcraft ones.

As always, hope you guys enjoy.

Pharah took flight. The jetpacks on her Raptorion suit made her an absolute menace to her ground-locked opponents. She quite enjoyed her reputation as a harbinger of death and destruction. How many battles had she won, simply because she’d been out-of-reach of her enemies?

Even from high altitudes, she could still see how the occasional enemy would wet themselves at the mere sight of her. And if just seeing her didn’t do it, the ensuing barrage of rocket-fire would certainly get them in need of a fresh pair of underwear.

She was always amused by her opponents’ weakness in this regard; she had never had an accident, not since she was a child. She’d kept her pants and boxer briefs (she preferred them to panties) clean on every mission. Some people, Tracer, in particular, were sure she was lying, but it was the truth. And after Zarya’s last mission, she was fairly sure she was now the only operative to have never done it at some point or another.

She was kind of disappointed to see the giant woman return with soggy, filthy pants, as she’d figured Zarya was above that. She was also somewhat pleased, as this solidified that she was the only one with enough control to keep from making a puddle in her pants.

As she looked at the battlefield of Route 66 below, she tried to spot enemy stragglers who strayed too far from their teams. Before long, she spotted the nefarious Sombra emerging from invisibility. Firing a quick few rockets, Sombra quickly cloaked and fled. Her invisibility was ineffective, however, as a trail of urine fell upon the ground wherever her unseeable body ran. She decided not to pursue her, and to let her live with shame.

Looking around the battle below, she spotted Tracer in a bit of a pinch, she appeared to be stuck in one of Junkrat’s traps.

###

Tracer sprinted through a cave, occasionally using her dash to blink ahead several feet. As she exited through the mouth of the cave, she came to an immediate halt as searing pain shot through her right leg. She was only somewhat aware of the small jet of hot liquid that soaked her crotch when this happened.

She shouted in pain, and looked down to see a very crude bear-trap holding her leg hostage. She holstered her twin smgs, and bent over in a position like she was tying her shoe; if only her situation were so innocent. She tried rather desperately to pull the jaws of the trap apart, before…

Oh, crap.

Mad laughter that sounded more like a hyena’s than a person’s echoed around her. Junkrat. He had some sixth sense to know when someone stepped in one of his infernal traps. He looked at her with an insane glare, clearly fantasizing about what she’d look like when she was in a million pieces. He pulled out his grenade launcher, while Tracer unloaded some “grenades” of her own.

At the sight of the weapon that heralded impending doom, her continence simply… failed. She vainly covered her head with her arms, trembling slightly as her bladder poured hot piss through her tight, orange leggings. With one knee on the ground, the wetness ran down her left thigh, thoroughly soaking it in her liquid fear. At the exact same moment, a loud SQRLLTCH could be heard from her butt. Her mess came out fast and hard, in one second, it was inside her body, in the next, her cute and (formerly) pink panties. The warm muck settled comfortably in the space between her cheeks, as her pants offered little resistance.

She was about to die, and she was ashamed that her last moments were going to be characterized by totally wetting and soiling herself.

...Except, she wasn’t dead. She looked up, and looked around for Junkrat, only to see him running after trying in vain to pair his grenade launcher against the airborne Pharah’s rocket launcher. And that means…

Pharah saved her. Couldn’t it have been anyone else?

In an immediate denial of her wish, the heavily-armored soldier landed in front of her, and began to help pull the trap apart.

“Are you alright, Tracer?” Pharah asked, genuine concern in her voice. Judgmental as she was, she was still nice.

“Yeah, fine, luv, just… shaken” Tracer answered, blushing as she fully realized her accident, wiggling her legs a bit feeling her mess squish around in the seat of her pants.

“You sure don’t take it easy on your clothes, do you?” Here it comes, Tracer thought, “you know, you could always wear diapers like Hana and Mei,” though those two think it’s a secret, just about everyone on the team had known for some time about their choice of attire.

“These things happen, luv. I still think you’re lying about never having to clean the seat of that armor!” Tracer replied, teasingly, giving a playful pat to Pharah’s armor-clad bum.

“I promise you, Tracer, I’ve never lost control of my bladder or bowels for any reason,” Pharah said with a slight smirk.

“Uh-huh. Well, we should probably get back to it,” Tracer said, re-drawing her guns and dashing back into the fray as Pharah finally pulled the trap open.

###

She’s nothing if not tenacious, Thought Pharah, a river of pee down one leg, and a huge load on her butt, and she sprints back into combat. The only other person I know with that level of commitment is Widow-

WIDOWMAKER!!

Her thoughts were interrupted when she suddenly spotted the sniper in the distance, taking aim at her. Pharah hit the jet boost, and took flight. Widow tried to account for this, but was unable to time the shot correctly, instead taking off Pharah’s helmet.

She flew high into the air, and fired a concussive grenade from her arm, hitting the ground near Widow, the force propelling her into a wall. She fell down, and even from this distance, Pharah could see the small lake of pee form around Widow’s thighs as she sat against the wall.

She also could feel a horrible, wet warmth cascading down her legs, and falling through the gaps in her armor, creating an acidic, yellow rain for anyone below her. She was… peeing. In her armor. In her pants. In her underwear. And because she was scared. She finally felt her stream dying down, but the damage was done. The clothes she wore under her armor would be completely soaked.

She was so distraught, she hardly even noticed the battle still going on until a few stray bullets flew towards her. She resumed fighting, but she was most definitely not bringing her A game, now.

###

Symmetra momentarily poked her head out of her impromptu base, and saw the enemy Pharah there. Just as she was about to charge her with her particle beam cannon, the Pharah suddenly took flight, a bullet from her team’s sniper knocking Pharah’s helmet off. Then it started… raining? Did Pharah’s suit spring a leak or something? No wait. That wasn’t oil. It was Pharah who sprung a leak.

She laughed, then retreated into her base. She’d built a shield generator and a wall of small turrets to protect it. So far, no one had been able to even entertain the thought of breaching her sanctum, but she saw someone running to try their hand at it… Tracer.

Who had evidently been somewhat frightened, given the telltale stain on her pants. Symmetra readied her gun for the fight, but suddenly Tracer was gone. A blue flash raced by her, faster than anything she’d ever seen, and it rushed straight for her shield generator. Symmetra dived towards it, trying to protect it, when Tracer suddenly left the building. Symmetra was confused, until she heard a faint clicking. She looked down, and saw that Tracer had done more than just stop by to say “hello”.

She’d left a pulse bomb.

It’s amazing how much can happen in only a couple seconds. It felt like hours, during which Symmetra used her hard-light generator to project a shield barrier in front of her self. If she couldn’t save the generator, she was at least going to save herself. As this happened, her bowels released. A semisolid mess caused her “pants” (they were basically just panties, really) to bulge out considerably. For several moments after the blast had destroyed her work, she still stood stunned, loud sounds of plplbplbplbpllbplpb the only thing occupying the silence, as she continued to fill her shorts, despite now being safe.

She decided to fall back, set up a new base, and, if possible, find new pants.

###

Pharah was simply in disbelief. Her boxer briefs clung uncomfortably to her privates, and, along with her damp pants, served to keep her from actually focusing on her mission. Her aim was sloppy, her timing was off, and her confidence had evaporated. She found herself regularly peeing out little spurts at the slightest provocation.

A bullet whizzes by, psssssss.

A large explosion goes off, not even near her, psssssss.

Her jetpack momentarily runs out of juice, leaving her falling for just a second, pssssssssssssss.

Her crotch was being constantly re-warmed by her fear. She had never quite known shame like this; not just in her lapse in continence, but in her treatment of her colleagues. She’d ridiculed them for their accidents, and now she was in exactly the same boat. How could she ever show her face to them again?

She guessed she’d just have to- WOAH!!

Suddenly she was forcefully yanked from the sky, and slammed into the ground, lying on her stomach. She looked up to see the source of her sudden plummeting, trying to ignore the new warmth in her briefs. Her terror tripled at the sight of the killer in front of her. Roadhog, Junkrat’s partner, had used his hook to pluck her right out of the sky, and now she was staring down the barrel of his enormous shotgun, which he pressed rather sadistically into her face.

She was a very competent soldier. She had one of the most untarnished records of successes in history. She was always on top of the situation. But today, things were very different. Today, she saw the certainty of death looking her in the face, something she’d never seen before. She didn’t fare too well.

Her bowels began to steadily void, pushing mass after mass into her boxer briefs. Her armor didn’t let it expand too much, however, and it began to flatten and spread across her butt. Some of it even made its way nearly down to her crotch. Roadhog seemed to be enjoying the spectacle, just… watching in his strange, unsettling way. His finger began to squeeze the trigger, and suddenly Pharah felt herself lifted up, into the air a couple feet.

She blinked a few times, and suddenly she was hundreds of feet away from the spot she was supposed to die at. She looked up to see Tracer smiling down on her. She’d jumped in at the last possible second, and managed to warp her to safety.

Tracer helped Pharah to stand, then said “Don’t worry, luv, I’ve had my eye on you since you pissed your knickers in the air,” Pharah blushed, then cringed as she felt her considerable accident mushing about in her briefs. Her entire ass was covered, and her legs felt wetter than ever. No amount of showering would maker her feel clean again.

“Tracer, I-” Pharah began, but was cut off by Tracer putting a finger over her mouth.

“Don’t worry, Fareeha, we’ve got it from here. Why don’t you go check with Mercy to make sure you aren’t hurt too bad, eh?” Tracer said, with a friendly smile. Looking around, it seemed like they really did have the bad guys on the run, and the offer was tempting, but…

“Thanks, Tracer, but if you can tough it out, I can, too,” Pharah said, drawing her weapon and giving her most determined smile.

“That’s the spirit!” Tracer threw her arms up in cheer.

Pharah took flight, and was suddenly back to her normal self, blowing any obstacles apart with laser-like precision. She foulness in her pants was still unpleasant, but she could ignore it, now. With she and Tracer with them, their team won in just a couple of minutes.

###

Tracer and Pharah were in the women’s locker room, extremely happy to be taking off their remarkably soiled clothes. Pharah had entered just in time to see Tracer about to slide her wet pants down. The huge bulge in the seat of them had been ground down somewhat, and a large brown stain occupied the butt of her pants, and down the things a bit. She slid her orange pants down, revealing a pair of frilly, pink panties; now yellowed in the front and browned in the back, with the bulge still showing. It was about the size of her fist.

Tracer, herself seemed to be inspecting the damage, then mournfully stated, “Aw man, I was gonna wear this pair for Emily tonight,” as she reached back and felt the bulge.

“She’s not into her superhero girlfriend getting scared and having accidents?” Pharah asked jokingly.

“Nah, kinda kills the illusion,” she said, feeling the wet crotch of her panties, “How’d yours do? Your mess can’t have been this bad,”.

Pharah blushed a little bit as she began to exit her armor, “We’ll, um, we’ll see about that...” her meaning became clear as she stepped around the suit and Tracer could see the wet stain on her combat fatigues. The entire inner half of them had been completely soaked, with some rivulets and flowing all the way around the other side of her legs. Like Tracer’s pants, they’d turned completely brown at the back. She dropped her pants, revealing her gray boxer briefs. They were almost one-hundred-percent soaked on all sides, and a massive, lumpy bulge occupied the entire back half.

Tracer looked genuinely impressed, honestly. The two continued chatting on their way to the showers, both eager to be clean. As they showered in adjacent stalls, Pharah spoke again, “Say, Tracer?”.

“Yeah-huh?”

“Does Emily, erm, know?”

“That I have accidents? Oh God yes!” She replied quickly, “I pissed myself on our first date,”.

“How’d that happen?”

“We were watchin’ a movie. Real scary one. I hate scary movies, but Emm loves ‘em. At one point a big, scary face pops up goin’ all ‘AAAAAAA!’ and I yelled like a baby. Minute later, my lap was warm and I looked down and saw I was just peein’! Couldn’t stop. Thought Emily’d never wanna see me again, but we went on a date again the next day,” Tracer said with a nostalgic smile.

“Second date go better?”

“Sort of. We was out for a walk around town, when this mugger jumped us. He pulls a gun, and Emm gets all sorts of scared. She starts tryin’ to get him to just go away, bein’ all ‘Just don’t hurt us!’ and I look at her legs and sure enough, her jeans were wet all the way to bottom. Couple of seconds later, she smelled like she needed a changing, and I knew she’d made in her pants, too,”

“Woah. What happened to the mugger?”

Tracer flexed her small arm a bit, “I blinked right at him with my chronal accelerator, and suplexed him. He didn’t see that comin’!” She chuckled a bit.

“Emily’s a lucky lady, Tracer,”

“I like to think so,”

###

Pharah walked home that night with a newfound respect for her coworkers, and pledged to not mock them for their accidents. Amazingly, no one really said much to her about her own accident. Maybe Tracer asked them to be nice. At any rate, she had a new perspective on things.

And a suit of armor that needed a very thorough washing.

*014*2017-12-17 06:03

{{3 hours ago, OmoFan101 said:

You should make a continuation of the first story where Sombra returns to Reaper( I'm pretty sure he's the leader of Talon) and is punished for failing the mission and ruining her pants. She could then get so scared of Reaper(He is a ruthless psycopath after all) that she ruins her pants again.

}}

Considering how much Overwatch I've been playing because of Moira being added and the Christmas event starting, I've been thinking of writing another fic. A Talon themed one could be pretty fun.

*018*2018-08-31 18:40

{{16 hours ago, wetdiaperlover said:

Have you considered continuing this? Particularly the part with DVA in diapers?

}}

I actually did write a couple more Overwatch stories, one including D.va pretty prominently.

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/37759-an-overwatch-mission/

(This one has D.va)

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/42232-messing-overwatch-stealth-operation/

And I have also considered writing more Overwatch fiction, since I've been playing a ton of it lately. If I do, diapered D.va could definitely make an appearance.

