Alexa: Late to Her Interview

Author: tuffstough

*000*2018-04-02 16:28

Hi! I've only posted a few times here but this is my first fiction story. I'm going to split it into a few chapters, one of which will contain messing. Enjoy!

5:00AM

I hear my alarm blaring, signaling me to wake up for the most important job of my life. Time to down some coffee and hit the road.

"Alexa?" my girlfriend Jade groans, turning over groggily.

"Hi baby. Getting ready for my interview for my psych internship. I'll be back later!" I said kissing her on the forehead before she drifted back to sleep.

I got dressed up for the interview, slipping on a pair of my favorite pink panties with lace trim underneath my gray pinstriped office style pants with a blazer to match over an aqua blue shirt as I waited for my coffee to brew. I waited for what felt like an eternity until I finally heard the ding signifying its readiness. I barely waited a minute for it to cool before slurping down about 3 cups worth, not knowing what lay ahead.

After sprinting out the door and hitting the road, I almost immediately hit a wall of traffic after merging onto the highway. I groaned audibly, realizing that not only was I going to be late, but I would soon have to find a way to empty my rapidly filling bladder.

"Ughhhh this is going to take for fucking ever," I cursed to myself. I had now been sitting in awful traffic for twenty minutes with little to no movement. "I need to peeeeeee! Please move." My pleading didn't miraculously part the two lanes of cars in front of me like I'd hoped. With no movement on the traffic front and little hope of getting to the office without having an accident like a kid, I took a proactive approach and began searching for something to release the increasingly unstable ocean of urine inside me into. I rummaged through my glove compartment and the seats and everywhere in between.

"I know there's a bottle in here somewhere," I thought to myself as I continued to dig. I finally found it under some papers and trash and was so ecstatic at the possibility of relief that I let a spurt out and wet my panties a little bit. I quickly unscrewed the cap and attempted to lower my pants and underwear, but of course just as I was ready to relieve myself, traffic finally began to move.once again, I began to lose hope, as I was still over half an hour away.

Traffic was moving quickly enough to keep me from stopping to pee in the bottle, but slowly enough that I could still be late. My situation was dire and I began to lose hope that I'd escape with unsoiled clothes. Completely wetting my pants was the worst thing that could possibly happen in this situation and was simply not an option. I couldn't just show up to an interview in urine stained pants and expect to get a job.

My situation had me contemplating the last time I'd had an accident as an adult. A memory I had blocked out suddenly came to mind. I remembered the time I had wet the bed in college after a night of drinking and even worse was the time I waited too long during a three hour lecture when I didn't want to miss any notes. I was furiously jotting down notes and trying to hold on until I started dribbling in my panties until a steady stream started flowing into my jeans, completely wetting myself.

I sat the rest of the period in soaked pants and a golden puddle of shame at my feet. I waited until everyone else exited and tried to cover the stain with my backpack to no avail. I was certain that other students had seen my accident, but hopefully not my face. I snapped back to reality once more, realize that now wasn't the best time to be remembering my pee related mishaps of the past, but it was hard not to think about such things when all I could think about was traffic and not pissing my pants in my car.

To be continued...

*002*2018-04-02 16:48

{{5 minutes ago, 126 said:

Nice! Loved your writing and the story itself. Please continue :)

}}

Thank you! Have the rest of it pretty much plotted out and will try to post a little later today.

*004*2018-04-02 17:45

Chapter 2

As I tried to concentrate on holding the contents of my bladder in and avoid a shameful accident in my work pants, I noticed that the traffic finally began to move. I continued driving with one hand in my crotch and the other on the wheel. My panties were already fairly damp from my earlier leak and I could detect a slight whiff of urine. I didn't feel any wetness on my pants, and although they were on the darker side, it would still be obvious if I wet them.

I continued simultaneously driving and hoping for relief. By this point I had dribbled several more times in my panties which only increased my desperation, which was reaching a breaking point.

"Fuck," I cursed at myself as I looked down and noticed a small stain on my pants. I clamped my pee hole shut and kept driving. I began to regain hope as I realized that I was now close to the office where my interview was being held. Now if I could only get there on time, find a way to relieve myself and ace this interview, everything would be golden!

I turned off the appropriate exit. I was just two minutes out and would have some time to spare if everything went according to plan. I kept driving and hoping I could hold back the rest of my impending flood. Please let me make it, I thought to myself. I simply had no choice.

I pulled into the parking lot and drove around looking for a parking spot, only to see that it was completely full. What was I supposed to do now? I scanned once more to find a young woman in a uniform, presumably a security guard for the complex so I pulled up next to her.

"Hi, I have an interview here in a few minutes and can't find a place to park. Do you know anywhere else nearby?" I asked as she stared at me.

"Yes, there's a parking lot just down the road. You can park there," she chimed back. I thanked her and drove in the direction she pointed. I found it and quickly pulled into a spot. It was 15 dollars to park there but I decided I'd worry about it later.

While all this had been happening, I somehow had forgotten just how badly I needed to pee. I spurted into my now completely sodden underwear yet again and continued dribbling. I looked down at my crotch and, to my horror, quite a bit of urine had pooled in my crotch and soaked my pants and my seat. Unsure what to do, I helplessly dribbled in my pants while panicking and looking around. I tried to deny the reality of the situation, but at this point, holding on seemed futile, as I had already noticeably wet my pants.

I sobbed to myself and resigned myself to my unfortunate accident as the dam broke and my bladder forcibly emptied its contents into my already soaked suit pants and panties as the urine overflowed my seat and continued to drip onto the floor of my car. There was no way around it: I had just peed my pants on one of the most important days of my life. I relaxed and sighed despite everything as the last drops of urine warmed my crotch and legs and dripped into my ruined shoes.

Tears were flowing as heavily as the urine had at this point but I did my best to compose myself. I still somehow had a couple minutes before I was due for my interview. I decided I would call Jade, in hopes that she could help me find a solution.

*009*2018-04-03 00:13

Thanks for the feedback! As a warning, this chapter contains messing if you're not into that.

Chapter 3

I had only five minutes until my interview. I had just had an embarrassing accident in my car and I didn't know what else to do, so I called my girlfriend Jade. So many times throughout our relationship she had been the voice of reason when I was freaking out and I hoped she would have some magical solution for this impossible predicament.

"Hi babe," she answered almost immediately. "What's up? Isn't your interview in a few minutes?" she asked. I choked up with tears in my eyes not sure how to tell her.

"Um... Yeah I'm supposed to go in soon. But uh... I kind of had... an accident," I told her as calmly as I could in between sobs. "Oh my god! Are you okay babe? Did you call an ambulance?" I didn't know how to tell her. I was afraid that she would be too embarrassed to be with me anymore.

"No, I'm okay. It's not that kind of accident..." I told her, hoping she'd fill in the blanks. "I don't know what you mean," she responded confused. "It wasn't a car accident," I said l, trying one more time. "Be clear. I don't understand," she said, still perplexed. "Do I really have to spell it out?" I asked angrily. "Well, i drank a lot of coffee this morning and there was a lot of traffic and I had to pee really badly and when I parked... I sort of... went in my pants. I couldn't help it! I didn't expect to piss myself today but it's my own fault and I don't have a change of clothes and I don't know what to do," I explained as my heart raced a mile a minute. ''Oh," she finally responded. She thought for a minute before expanding. "I have an idea! You call them and tell them you had an accident but don't say what kind. They'll think it was a car accident and probably be understanding. I'll race over there with a clean pair of panties and dry pants. Don't worry babe, hang in there!"

Jade was a quick thinker in tough spots as always. I dialed them and told them about my accident and as she suspected, they were sympathetic and told me that as long as I was okay, they'd take me whenever I got there. I have to say, I didn't expect it to work, but I was glad it did. Everything might still be okay, minus my pee-soaked clothes and the strong scent of coffee-tinged urine that permeated my car and my nostrils. I had nothing to do but sit in my pissed pants until jade arrived with a clean set.

30 minutes later

As I sat in my car pondering my situation, I suddenly felt an urge to poop, as coffee often instills in me. I brushed it off when I saw Jade's car arrive in the parking lot. She spotted me and pulled up next to me.

"Hi babe! I'm sorry you've had a rough day but I brought you some new clothes and I know you'll look sharp and kill the interview," she told me as cheery as ever. Overcome with emotion from my taxing start to the day, I could barely muster up the words to thank her.

"You're the best. You probably think I'm such a loser for this," I said as she handed me the bag of clothes. "Don't worry about it! It happens to everyone, including me. You can still make something of today, and I'll be the only one that knows," she said with a cheeky smile. I wanted to ask her about accidents she had but it would have to wait. I slipped on the pair of purple bikini style panties she brought and pulled the grey pants on over them along with a clean pair of socks and dress shoes. It wasn't exactly perfectly matching but it looked professional enough. I thanked her again before she drove away and just hoped they wouldn't smell the pee on me.

It was time to go in, so I headed into the building across the street and told the receptionist I had arrived. I sat in the waiting room for what felt like an eternity until they called my name.

"Alexa Chen?" a pretty young woman called out. I stood up, almost too quickly, and shook her hand eagerly. My heart continued to beat rapidly as I felt my need to poop suddenly increase. I tried to push it out of my mind but my desperation was increasing rapidly.

"Go down the hall to the right, Ms. Brown will see you shortly," she told me as I stood gingerly, trying to prevent another accident. I must have looked so stupid. I tried to calm myself and walked past her smiling until I reached the room she showed me and nervously took a seat. The door opened just a moment later.

"Hi! You must be Alexa. Nice to meet you. I'm Angela Brown, I'll be conducting this interview," said the young woman who'd entered the small room. "I'm sorry to hear about your accident. I hope you're okay," she said sympathetically.

"I'm okay, thanks," I responded, awkwardly shaking her hand. She then launched into a series of basic interview questions and I did my best to answer while trying desperately not to shit my pants.

"Relax! Don't be so nervous. This is just a formality. You seem well put together and professional, so don't worry too much," she said trying to calm my obvious nerves. I looked at her in the eyes while clenching my ass cheeks together as I felt a strong urge to poop again. My face went red, hoping she was oblivious to my straining. "Why did you leave your last job?" she asked me. I snapped back to reality and tried to answer.

"Oh, you know. I just needed a change of scenery. You can call my references there if you like," I managed in between clenches.

"I already have, actually. They had nothing but nice things to say," she informed me. I forced a smile as my need seemingly tripled. Luckily, it seemed as though the interview was coming to a close as she gave me further details on the job. I was sweating profusely and tightly clenching my fists, as I anticipated my salvation. However, I knew I would mess my pants right here and now if she didn't hurry up.

"Did you have any questions for me?" she chirped enthusiastically, while I looked like a ghost. Had the situation been different, I would have thought of a clever question to ask her but my mind went blank.

"Um... I think you answered everything," was all I could muster. She stared blankly at me.

"Are you sure you're okay?" I must have looked like a ghost. I let out a small fart. It was crunch time, if I didn't get to a toilet now, I was definitely going to soil my pants right here. I hoped she didn't hear me letting out a bit of gas.

"Yeah, I'm fine. Just had a rough day... with the accident and all," I said, blushing again. She looked at me and giggled but didn't say anything.

"I'm just glad you're alright. I'll let you go home and get some rest. We will be in touch," she said with her hand extended. I slowly stood up, continuing to hold in my poop. As I stood up, I stumbled forward a bit and nearly lost my balance, at which she giggled again before quickly covering her mouth and apologizing. Suddenly I felt my poop surge toward the opening and I knew there was no stopping it now. I was so close but at the last moment before leaving, my stomach began to rumble uncontrollably as I winced and I think she started to figure out what was happening.

I couldn't hold back the rush any more as my tired sphincter gave in and I silently groaned as a mass of solid poop filled my panties. An audible crackling sound could be heard as I unmistakably pooped my pants in front of my potential employer. I shut my eyes as I continued to mess myself. I could feel a sticky bulge forming in the seat of my pants. An awkward silence then filled the room when my shameful accident finally concluded.

"I don't even know what to say," Angela said, avoiding eye contact. "I've never had someone poop their pants during an interview," she said, completely stunned.

"I'm so sorry. I really had to go and I didn't want to be more late than I already was. This has never happened to me. I know I probably didn't get the job, but please give me a chance. I won't let you down!" I pleaded, with the horrible mess still sitting in my underwear.

"Despite your situation and everything that's happened to you today, you gave a good interview. That's what I'm going to consider when picking a candidate. Accidents happen. We will definitely be in touch," she replied. I was surprised. "And don't worry, this stays between you and I. The restroom is down the hall and to the left if you need to clean up, which I'm sure you do. I'll let you get out of here."

I thanked her and carefully walked to the bathroom hoping no one would be able to tell I had completely shit my pants. I did my best to empty out the contents of my underwear in the toiled and clean myself up. Thankfully, none of my accident touched my pants. I threw my panties in the trash and left as quickly as I could and drove home. I was beyond embarrassed but couldn't help but think that somehow I still had a chance.

*012*2018-04-03 18:26

{{2 hours ago, tanin said:

Great chapter! Next time please consider more soft/diarrhea accident and maybe some long ride back home with messed pants. It'd be great to read such content.

}}

Personally I'm not really into soft accidents but I'll consider including it! More to come soon.

*013*2018-04-09 23:57

Chapter 4

I had just suffered the most embarrassing few hours of my life and there was no avoiding what had happened. I had peed and pooped in my pants on the day of an important interview. Of course the messier of the two accidents happened right as I finished my interview in front of my potential boss. She saw (and smelled) the whole thing. How could I ever live down this shameful day? I wasn't sure that I could but at least she told me I gave a good interview despite the circumstances. That had to be worth something, right?

After leaving the interview, I hopped in my car and got ready to leave the scene of the accident. As I sat in my surprisingly clean pants, sans my soiled underwear, I contemplated how I was going to face Jade. I'm sure she would be sympathetic based on how helpful she was after peeing my pants before going in, but I was still too embarrassed to face her and tell her that I crapped my pants not long after she brought me clean clothes. I debated hiding it from her but she had a way of finding out the truth.

I continued to contemplate these things in my emotional state as I sped along the interstate, happily leaving the complex in my rearview mirror for the time being. I pulled into our driveway and took a deep breath and tried to compose myself. I finally stood up, ready to enter. Or at least as ready as I could be. I pulled on the handle and entered to find Jade sitting on the couch watching TV in just a tanktop and green panties. She smiled at me as soon as I entered despite the fact that I looked a complete mess.

"Alexa! How'd it go?"

I tried to look at her without bursting into tears, but I was unsuccessful.

"Aww, it's okay! Accidents can happen to anyone. But more importantly, how did the interview go?"

I wanted to tell her but I was unsure what to say. She came up to me and wrapped me in a hug, which I tried and failed to avoid. I choked up and tried to speak but decided to stay silent until I could control myself. She looked in my eyes and subtlety wrinkled her nose.

"I'm sure you'd like to shower. Don't worry, I'll get it going for you," she said sincerely. It seemed she was onto me. She broke the embrace and left to run the shower for me. I decided I would try to hide my dirty pants while she was in the bathroom. I ran into my room and shoved them under the bed. I considered burning them later to dispose of the evidence.

I grabbed a towel and wrapped it around myself as I prepared for what I hoped would be a therapeutic and long shower. I just wanted to relax and clear my mind. Jade stood in the doorway of the bathroom as I entered. I wanted to avoid her. She seemed like she wanted to say something.

"I'll just get in now," I said, trying to bypass whatever was on her mind.

"Okay. You can tell me how it went later. I know you're upset but I'm sure you crushed it," she beamed. I still couldn't tell if she knew I was hiding something. I felt terrible in every sense of the word, but I didn't want to deal with any of it now. I awkwardly slid by her and closed the door behind me and sighed. I let my towel whisper to the floor and stepped into the shower. I let the hot water wash over my unclean body and did my best to empty my mind. I enjoyed the feeling of it caressing every inch of me and wished it would never end.

What felt like a 15 minute shower quickly turned into a nearly hour long affair. I hadn't realized how long I'd been in for and didn't care until a knock on the door brought me back to reality.

"Babe, you've been in there for almost an hour. Why don't you come out now?" Jade shouted through the closed door.

"Just a few more minutes, I really needed this," I pleaded like a kid late for school.

"I know today was rough, so I made you some hot tea. It'll be here when you're ready," she said. She was truly the best. Better than I deserved. I finally shut the water off and stepped out. I dried off and came back into the living room in my lounge clothes. I took a seat at the table where Jade had left my tea.

"So how did it go?" she asked me.

I paused and took a deep breath before answering. "It went pretty well, I think." She looked at me like she was waiting for me to say more. I knew I had to admit my accident but I continued to avoid it.

"You know you can tell me anything," she said in a supportive but slightly irritated manner.

"What do you mean?" I asked, playing dumb. I could tell the wasn't buying it.

"Do I have to force it out of you? It seems like you're leaving something out."

"Well..." I began. "The interview was going okay. The coffee..." I stammered, unsure how to continue. "Well, the coffee kind of... upset my... stomach. Everything was going fine but it dragged on and..." I blurted out between sobs. "I couldn't hold it anymore and I pooped in my pants right in front of the interviewer, okay? Are you happy now??" I yelled. I didn't mean to lash out but all my emotions came to a boil and I simply couldn't hold them back. Much like my bodily fluids.

An awkward silence filled the room as I avoided eye contact after my outburst. I finally met her gaze after the dust settled.

"I'm sorry. I know you didn't want to talk about it and I feel bad for bringing you to this point, but I could tell you wanted to tell me. When you went in the shower, I went to the bedroom and I could smell something off and I found your pants with a little stain on them. I just wanted you to be able to tell me. You know I wouldn't judge you. I mentioned before that I've had my share of accidents too, so I'd be the last person to judge," Jade said sternly after the long pause. "I will tell you about them if you'd like."

"I'd like that," I told her.

"Where to start?" she said to herself as she searched her brain. "Well, one of the worst I can remember was my freshman year of high school. I was wearing bright red skinny jeans on the day of a prentation that I had prepared endlessly for. I'd been nervously chugging water all day and hadn't even noticed how badly I needed to pee. I wanted to leave and use the bathroom but by the time I decided to, it was my turn to present. I went in front of the class and started to draw a blank on everything I'd studied because I needed to pee so bad.

My brain and mouth seemed to shut off at the same time and I could hardly face the crowd when all of a sudden I felt a tricky of warmth dampen my panties. I crossed my legs and tried to stop it, but before I knew it, I was peeing full force into my bright red pants as the whole class watched. I felt my whole crotch grow warm as my pants darkened and pee flowed endlessly down my legs. My face went bright red and the whole class sat there stunned," she mused, almost as if it was a fond memory. "I ran to the bathroom and sat there for a while until someone finally came to get me. I just went home after that and had to tell my mom I wet my pants over the phone. She wasn't too happy," she laughed. Her laughter had always been infectious.

She looked up again, as if in serious thought. I hadn't expected more but it seemed she wasn't done.

"I've pooped my pants a few times in public too," she told me. "I'll never forget the time it happened during a track meet during my junior year. I was running a relay race in tight running pants and I hadn't had the chance to use the bathroom during the long meet. The lines were way too long and I didn't think it was that bad. It just came out of nowhere while I was running and what I thought was just a fart very quickly turned into a very noticeable load in my pants. I'm serious," she snorted with laughter, "there was a huge bulge in my pants, and everyone could see. I wanted to die. I just kind of waddled off to the bathroom hoping no one would notice but of course there was still a line. I found my bag and tried to change but everyone already knew I had shit my pants anyway. I have plenty more where that came from if you're interested," she said with a grin. I had to admit, I was kind of interested.

*015*2018-04-12 14:07

Chapter 5

After my conversation with Jade in which she told me of two very public and embarrassing accidents she had suffered in the past, I felt encouraged and began to feel like a closer bond was being established between us. I had never imagined beyond my wildest dreams that we would truly become close over stories in which the two of us had soiled our pants. Go figure.

After the events of this long day finally drew to a close, I was somehow able to find some peace and get some rest. I unbelievably was able to fall asleep fairly quickly despite all of the stress I'd undergone a mere four hours earlier. Unfortunately, once I did fall asleep, the subject of pee was not far from my mind and succeeded in drifting into my dreams.

All of a sudden, I find myself in handcuffs in the back of a police car with no earthly idea how I wound up there. I've never had a history of sleepwalking but the last thing I can remember is falling asleep in my bed, so that's the only explanation I can come up with. To make matters worse, I am absolutely bursting to pee.

"Excuse me, officer. Why the hell am I here?" I demand of the faceless person driving the squad car.

"I think you should ask yourself that question, but if you insist, I'll say that you were drunk and disorderly to put it kindly," she retorted.

"Well, I doubt that, but can you please pull over? I really need to pee!" I plead with the female officer whose voice sounds strangely familiar.

"Not going to happen. That's why I arrested you in the first place. You were outside a bar with your jeans and panties around your ankles about to urinate in public. I'd make sure you haven't gone in your pants already, or you'll be paying for my upholstery," she shot back almost immediately. I immediately felt a slight damp sensation in the seat of my panties and cursed under my breath upon discovering it.

"Please pull over! I'm already a little wet back here and I don't want to have an accident!" I tried again.

"You want to add another count of public indecency? I don't think so. You'll have to hold it, or piss in your pants like a like a little girl and suffer the consequences. Just let go in your pants like the immature kid you clearly are," she responded, likely with a smirk.

I didn't want to but could already feel my crotch growing unmistakably warm as I leaked in my pants again. I was so close to wetting myself yet again in a situation that was somehow worse than the one I'd found myself in not long before. I debated my options and I knew what I had to do.

"Good idea, I'm just going to pee my pants. Better than holding it! You can't do anything to me," I decided confidently as I prepared to cede control of my bladder and let nature take its course in my unwilling panties and jeans that remained the last barrier to my salvation. I held my breath and just let my warm urine flow down my legs, as my jeans darkened. I let out an audible sigh as I did so, completely at peace with my decision to piss my pants voluntarily despite years of training not to do so.

"Babe! Wake up!" I hear as I'm suddenly jolted awake from my deep slumber by a startled Jade. Oh. I must have been dreaming. That makes sense. "You had an accident," she informs me, as kindly as possible.

"Huh?" I stammer in a state of confusion. "You wet the bed," she tells me again. Still piecing together what's going on in my half awake state, I rub the crotch of my blue silk pajama pants to confirm that they are indeed soaked with my now cold urine. I can feel my saturated panties clinging to my every fold. There was hardly a dry spot on the sheets either. As it turns out, when I voluntarily wet my pants in my dream, I involuntarily soaked my sheets and panties in my bed while asleep. I let out a deeply embarrassed sigh while Jade did her best to comfort me.

"It's okay, Alexa. I wet the bed well into my teens. Hell, I still do it now every once in a while. It's just an accident, no big deal. I'll clean up for you," she says, wrapping me in a hug. "I have an idea," she says with a devilish grin. "I kind of have to pee too. Would it make you feel any better if I go in my pants right here too? That way, you're not alone."

"I don't know..." I trail off as I consider it. Before I can make up my mind, I hear Jade sigh in relief as she empties her bladder into her own pants right next to me. She seemed almost too happy to do it.

"Too late! I already wet my pants." She really is something else. I watch with an intrigued look on my face as she lets go control and just wets herself like it's no big deal. "Feels kind of good, doesn't it? We have to wash the sheets anyway, so don't even worry about it. Just hop in the shower and I'll join you in a minute my love!" she says in a surprisingly cheery tone. I peel off my now clammy urine-soaked pants along with my underwear and hand them to her while blushing madly. She doesn't seem to mind as she scampers off to the laundry room with her own pee stain clearly visible on her pants. Time to clean up.

*023*2018-04-18 06:56

{{On 4/16/2018 at 11:43 AM, YourFNF said:

Like i said just as confused as you are

I think the site glitched

Would remove but sites not letting me

Sorry

Can we get a mod to fix this

[head desks repeatedly

}}

It's all good, no worries

*024*2018-05-03 15:38

Here's the sixth chapter! This one contains some minor sexual content but nothing explicit or too graphic and some messing at the end.

Chapter 6

After suffering the most embarrassing few days of my life and bonding with my wonderfully supportive girlfriend Jade over our unexpectedly parallel life experiences, I was experiencing a whirlwind of conflicting emotions. On top of the emotional aspect, I couldn’t help but wonder if the accidents I had suffered over the past few days were more than merely coincidental. All I could do was hope to make it through this day dry and watch my liquid intake in hopes that these accidents were just isolated incidents. It was perplexing, as aside from early childhood and the two random and easily explainable accidents I’d has as an adult, I had never had trouble making it to the bathroom like this. It was certainly something I’d have to monitor.

“Good morning!” Jade beamed, looking as cute as ever in her usual sleep attire consisting of a simple tank top and panties with a cup of coffee in hand. I didn’t understand how she could be so cheery when I had interrupted her slumber by soaking our bed with my urine just hours earlier. Just about anyone else would have had a more dour expression given the circumstances, but not Jade. Somehow she was as bright and cheery as ever. “Feeling better?” she asked, still smiling.

“Yeah, I guess,” I shrugged in response. She planted a kiss on me as I tried to avoid the subject. I couldn’t help but smile. “I’m just embarrassed about all these accidents I’ve been having. It just seems like they came out of nowhere and all of a sudden I have no control over my bodily functions. I just hope it doesn’t become a regular thing,” I confessed to her. “I barely ever wet the bed as a kid and now I wake up soaked. I just don’t understand why this is happening now.”

Jade studied me for a moment. “I know, it’s kind of freaky and embarrassing but I think you’ll be fine. If you have any more accidents, maybe you should go see a doctor,” she suggested. I sighed as she pulled me into another kiss, this one more passionate than the last. “Why don’t you relax and take your mind off it?” she whispered seductively as she touched me through my panties. I could feel myself getting incredibly turned on as she gently massaged my clit through my underwear which she knew drove me wild. I moaned in ecstasy as we slipped off to the bedroom. I threw her onto the bed while she looked at me wildly with defiance. I joined her and slowly started to bite her playfully all over as she dug her nails into my back.

“Babe, I wanna try something new,” she said as we continued to make out passionately and massage each other’s bodies. She opened up the drawer on the nightstand on her side of the bed and produced a pair of handcuffs and some rope. “Handcuff me behind my back and tie me up as best as you can so I can’t use my hands. I want to be at your mercy,” she begged as she slipped on a sexy pair of tight pink shorts that she knew drove me wild. I chuckled at the thought of it. “You’re such a cliché,” I said, nudging her playfully. I then spent the next fifteen minutes trying to tie her up just right. A bondage expert, I was not.

“Finally,” Jade said. “You can’t let me out for any reason. Just tease me, babe,” she begged again. Having her tied up and helpless turned me on endlessly. She writhed around in just her bra and shorts moaning desperately for satisfaction but I wasn’t going to give in that easily. I slowly nibbled and ran my tongue along her legs until I made contact with her shorts which I pulled down slightly to reveal her panties which were soaked with desire. I tickled her sensually until she groaned. I gently massaged her clit and brought her to the edge of climaxing, but she would have to wait. “I have other things to attend to. The house isn’t gonna clean itself. I’ll be back to check on you in a bit, so don’t go anywhere,” I said cheekily. I could tell she was feeling a mix of agony and ecstasy and that she was reveling in every moment of it. I watched her struggle in her tight bonds for a few moments before winking at her and leaving the room with the door open.

I attended to the dirty dishes that had piled up in the sink over the last few nights. As I let the water run, I couldn’t help but notice that my bladder had begun to make its presence known. A very sudden and strong urge to pee caught me by surprise as I briefly leaked a small spurt of urine in my previously dry panties. “Fuck, not again,” I muttered to myself. I crossed my legs in desperation as I tried to focus on the task at hand instead of the growing ocean of pee in my suddenly full bladder. I tried to finish the dishes in a rush before I pissed my pants again. I leaked again into my slightly damp panties before deciding I needed to head to the bathroom to avoid another accident.

I ran through the door to see a horny Jade still struggling and moaning. I then remembered how much coffee she drank earlier this morning and figured she had to pee as well. Briefly forgetting my own needs, I knelt next to her and kissed her passionately. “You must be dying to get off,” I whispered.

“You know I am,” she snapped back, biting my lip. I grabbed her by the wrists and climbed on the bed to mount her. As I did so, I heard her gasp. “Babe, please don’t sit on me,” she pleaded.

“Why not?”

“Ummm… I kind of have to pee. Really badly,” she answered.

“Well, you should have thought about that before you had me tie you up. If you have an accident you’re going to pay,” I said as I continued to sit on her. I was too driven by my own need for pleasure to pay attention to my bladder before another sudden spurt into my panties reminded me of my need.

“You need to pee too, I can tell,” she said slyly. “Or did you already go in your pants?” she asked gesturing at my crotch, which to my horror, featured a significant wet spot. “Looks like you have to go worse than I do, check my panties if you want,” Jade boasted. I lowered her shorts, and to my surprise, there was no evidence of even a slight accident on her underwear.

“Well, your little dry spell won’t last long,” I said as I pressed on her bladder which elicited a very desperate groan. As I suspected, it had caused her to pee in her shorts a bit. She had leaked just enough to cause a visible pee stain on her own pants.

“I have an idea,” Jade said with an imaginative grin on her face. “Why don’t we see who can hold their pee the longest? If you somehow don’t pee in your pants before I do, you can use the toilet. If I win, I guess I’m still at your mercy since I’m still tied up. I hope you’ll do the right thing and let me pee and then get me off afterwards, but it’s up to you. And since I can’t use my hands, you can’t either.” She clearly wasn’t much of a negotiator, but given her position, it really wasn’t up to her.

“Deal,” I responded after pretending to muse on it for a few seconds. I knew I wouldn’t last long, but I hoped she was as desperate as I was. I watched her continue to struggle and couldn’t deny how much it turned me on. Holding back my pent up pee was an exceedingly difficult task, especially with a soaked pair of panties and reasonably wet leggings reminding me that I wasn’t far from completely emptying my bladder into my clothes, which was a feeling I had unfortunately become accustomed to over the past few days.

“You can’t win. Wouldn’t it feel much better to just let go and wet your pants? Your warm urine will feel so good when you relax your bladder and let it flow and soak your legs. You know it would you'd feel a lot better if you just relieved yourself in your pants,” she taunted me.

“No fair! I’m going to lose it if you keep that up,” I whined back at her as I leaked once again.

“I never said we couldn’t use our words,” Jade winked at me. She had me there.

“Two can play at that game. When I was washing the dishes, the warm, wet water from the sink running over my hands only increased my need to pee. I bet you would have wet yourself if you were in my position. You wouldn’t have been able to handle the sensation of the water splashing in the sink. I bet you would have given up and just let your pee flow through your pants and run down your legs into a big, wet, yellow puddle at your feet. You poor thing,” I teased her back, drawing out every pee reference as long as I could. It seemed to work, as she squirmed even more desperately than before.

“Ugh, you bitch. I’m going to wet the bed if you keep that up,” she retorted. I watched her writhe as I tried to contain the ocean’s worth of urine. “I’m desperate, but you’ve already nearly lost. Look how much you’ve peed,” she gestured at my soaked pants. My pee had snaked down my left leg just above my knee but I was still holding on. I continued to wriggle around as I regained some semblance of control despite my pee-soaked panties being a lost cause at this point. As I looked back at Jade again, I noticed her own pants were a bit more wet than they were when I pressed on her bladder. The sheets were a little wet now too.

“Looks like you’re not far behind me. Give it up, you’re going to pee your pants, I can tell. Come on, the bed is wet. You’re done!” I taunted, while I spurted yet again in my pants. I felt my butt grow warm as I tried to cut off the flow before I completely pissed my pants. I tried to squeeze my pee hole shut and was able to do so briefly before a steady stream of urine flowed out of me, soaking my panties and my leggings as it ran down my legs and culminated in an expanding puddle at my feet.

“So much for that,” Jade teased as she watched in awe as I continued to empty my strained bladder into my pants as I hung my head. I couldn’t believe I had wet my pants again, although I guess I shouldn’t be surprised. “Looks like someone had a little accident,” Jade said, still staring at me as I somehow continued to urinate in my pants. “There! I win, now please let me go before I pee the bed, please. You don’t want to clean the sheets do you?”

“Oh, I don’t think so,” I said. “Cleaning the sheets is a small price to pay. I don’t think you have much longer before you have an accident of your own anyway.” I watched with glee as Jade continued to suffer. She tried to hold back her pee for as long as she could but I could tell she was about to burst. She leaked in her shorts again and fervently tried to hang on. She clenched her teeth and curled her toes but it was all too much. She let out a defeated sigh as a pool of urine formed under her butt and soaked her pants as well as the bed as she let go control of her bladder.

“I guess we’re even now,” she finally said after she stopped peeing full force into her pants. I heard her stomach gurgle as she let out a fart and giggled. “Now please let me out before I poop my pants too!” she pleaded with me. I agreed and began untying the rope but quickly realized that I had tied them a little too tight. “I’m serious! That coffee went right through me and I really need to poop.” I continued to do my best to untie it but it wasn’t coming undone.

“I’ll get some scissors. I know there’s some in here somewhere,” I said as I started to rummage through the clutter in the room. I looked over at her and knew she would soil her pants if I didn’t hurry up.

“Please hurry. I’m like two seconds away from messing my pants, I’m serious,” she begged again. “This is hopeless, I can’t hold it anymore,” she said almost crying. I went back to the rope and tried frantically to untie it but it was no use. I heard an all-too-familiar crackling noise as she could no longer hold her poop in. She groaned as a stench filled the room as poop filled her panties and shorts for what felt like an eternity. I felt horrible, even though I truly didn’t mean to make her mess her pants. I glanced over at her and saw the picture of embarrassment, as for the first time, Jade had pooped in her pants in front of me. “I can’t believe you made me shit myself. I feel disgusting. Please hurry up and get me out of this mess,” she demanded.

“I’m so sorry babe, honestly. I didn’t know you needed to poop until you mentioned it. I’ll go get some scissors from the kitchen,” I said. I rummaged through the kitchen drawers and finally found a pair.

“I really didn’t plan on crapping my pants but, to be honest, I sort of planned this whole thing so I could have an accident in front of you. Just not to this extent. I didn’t know how to say it outright, but it kind of turns me on and if I’m right, I think you enjoyed holding it with me and peeing your pants,” Jade said in a cute and shy manner.

“This whole thing has brought me more embarrassment than I need, but in this setting, I sort of enjoyed it too. When you told me about the accidents you had in the past, it made me feel funny. I was intrigued and I wanted to know more. I just hope I’m not becoming incontinent or something, because the urge to pee just sort of came out of nowhere again and suddenly I was practically pissing my pants before I could stop it,” I said. I finally cut her out of her bonds and unlocked the handcuffs. When she stood up, I couldn’t help but stare at the load in her now significantly brown-stained shorts. I started the shower and beckoned her to come in the bathroom. She waddled towards me and unbuttoned my own soiled pants and peeled them along with my panties off my glistening legs. I then followed suit and slowly pulled down her poop-filled shorts carefully, so as not to get any on her.

“I think we have some unfinished business,” Jade said, pulling me into a kiss as we stepped into the shower. I had no idea where our relationship was going, but I had to admit that I liked it.

