Marvel Cinematic Universe Series

Author: herrokitty

*000*2019-10-13 06:30

I'm looking to write a series in vaguely chronological order taking place in the Marvel Universe. Some stories will contain messing, some won't.

Chapter 1: Agent Carter

Agent Peggy Carter was on a mission to track down Howard Stark’s missing nitramene bombs. She had tracked down the thief, Leet Brannis, to milk man Sheldon McFee’s home. It turned out they had the nitramene bombs inside the milk truck. After a vicious fight with McFee (no small feat in her blue blouse and long navy skirt

), she had incapacitated the much larger man and tied him up to a chair. However, before she could begin interrogating him on the exact whereabouts of Brannis, she heard a man running outside and attempt to start the truck. She sprinted out and pointed her gun straight at Brannis. With contempt, she spat, “Get out.”

She pinned Brannis against the truck, gun pointed at his head. With both baddies apprehended, she let down her guard just a bit and realized how badly she had to pee. She hadn’t gone in hours, since she had spent all afternoon and evening tracking down McFee and Brannis and apprehending them. She put that thought aside, focusing on her mission. She asked Brannis rhetorically, “Car trouble?”

Before Brannis could respond, another man’s voice responded. “Nothing that can’t be fixed.”

Agent Carter jumped a little in surprise, her wavy red hair bouncing. She felt the smallest leak into her utilitarian white panties, high waisted as the conservative 1950s fashion trends demanded. When the scare subsided, she realized it was Jarvis, Howard Stark’s butler. She didn’t let her momentary lapse of control be visible in her expression, though, and gave Jarvis a stern glare, her angular jaw hardening in place before she said, “What the hell are you doing here?!”

Jarvis was not flustered. “Mr. Stark asked me to help you, and so I have. I sabotaged the motor.”

Agent Carter kept her controlled persona going so as to not show weakness in front of Brannis. Turning to face her prisoner, she said menacingly, “Move and I shoot.”

Jarvis followed up, “I thought you’d be more impressed.”

Carter, already irritable from her brief loss of control, said harshly, “Well, I’m not. I already said I didn’t need your help.”

“An ideal butler provides service without being asked.”

“Ugh. Put it back. I need to drive this thing out of here.”

After interrogating Brannis briefly, Jarvis returned flustered with the truck fixed but with McFee escaped. Annoyed, Carter told Brannis to get in the truck, promising him protection in exchange for information. She had him drive, keeping a gun pointed at him the whole time.

After the adrenaline rush died down and they had driven for a few minutes, Agent Carter realized the extent of her desperation. The damp spot in her panties rubbed against her uncomfortably and she fought the urge to bounce her legs up and down, trying her hardest to exude confidence. She had spent long enough time in the man’s world of spydom to know they would never let her live it down if she showed a childish desperation to pee.

Unfortunately, they couldn’t drive in peace as, a few minutes later, a thud indicated someone jumped onto the top of the truck. Jarvis said, worried, “Did you hear that?”

Agent Carter felt another split second spurt. Suddenly, gunfire pierced the roof as whoever was on top of the truck began shooting in. Peggy Carter involuntarily let loose a second-long stream in response, her panties drenched. She shouted, “I definitely heard that!”

Putting her desperation aside, she crawled out the window and on top of the hood of the truck. Brannis accelerated hard to unsteady the shooter and Carter fired with her pistol, barely missing. The man shot back, grazing Peggy’s leg. She shouted in pain and fell over, gripping the roof of the truck. Another spurt shot out of her, running down her legs. She couldn’t let it distract her. She shouted at Jarvis, “Shoot up!”

Jarvis shot straight up with the shotgun he found and the shooter fell back. Agent Carter used the opportunity to swing up to the roof and began fighting hand-to-hand, trying to wrestle the gun away from the shooter. As Carter attacked the man, he let off two more shots that she fortunately directed away from herself, but it went through the roof. Unbeknownst to her, one had uncoupled the bombs and the other had hit Brannis. She finally knocked the gun from his hand, though. Jarvis yelled to warn Peggy, “Miss Carter!”

Peggy tried to respond, but the attacker took the opportunity to swing a punch into her face. She fell over, peeing for a second yet again. She saw an upcoming turn and cliff and shouted, “Get Brannis! Jump clear!”

She stood back up, angry at this man for potentially ruining her plans and angry at herself for her loss of control. In the back of her mind, she thought, “I hope nothing shows on my skirt…”

She pushed that thought aside and began beating the attacker. She beat him into submission and stabbed his hand into the roof. As he screamed in pain, she said, “This is where I get off.”

Jarvis leapt off with Brannis as Carter hung off the roof to fall off as gently as possible. Or, rather, as gently as falling off a speeding truck could be. She landed on the pavement, rolling repeatedly. She could feel a trickle erupt as she rolled and she only finally got control when she came to a stop. She stood up unsteadily, but at that moment the bombs exploded and the entire river seemed to shoot upwards. She flew back from the explosion, but was otherwise okay. As she got up to her knees, she felt herself peeing freely, finally. Her bladder ached in relief. She stood up quickly, still peeing, and realized the outside of her skirt seemed to be free of evidence of her accident. As the puddle grew beneath her, Jarvis asked, “You alright?”

Her stream tapered off and she subtly felt the back of her skirt. Dry as well. The dark color and dark night would cover up any small spots. “I’m fine. You?”

Yes… though I’m afraid Mr. Brannis broke my fall.”

She stumbled towards him, focused again on the mission. He seemed almost dead… She demanded, “The rest of the weapons that you stole from Howard, I need to know where you hid them. Help me stop Leviathan.”

Brannis drew a heart with a line through it in the sand before dying, leaving Carter and Jarvis to ponder the clue.

Back at one of Stark’s penthouses, Jarvis insisted he check her leg wound and stitch it up, if necessary. Peggy really wanted a shower, her wet panties insistently rubbing against her, but she sat on the couch and raised her skirt just a little (she didn’t want him seeing her accident…) for him to patch her up. She realized too late that she had piss running down her legs, but those rivulets had seemingly dried by now. She could smell the faint scent of urine and wondered if he noticed as he patched her leg up expertly.

They had a meaningful conversation about trust and if he did smell or notice anything, he didn’t say it. Agent Carter chose to assume he hadn’t noticed and when they were done, she headed to the shower to clean up.

*005*2019-10-15 11:05

Thanks for all the positive feedback! As a warning, this story will have messing.

Chapter 2: Captain Marvel

Kree Starforce member Vers slowly woke up, trying to get her bearings. She pushed aside her medium-length straight blonde hair and gave her utilitarian green and black one piece uniform and armor a look-over. Everything seemed to be in place. Then she felt an aching in her bladder and a weight in her bowels and realized she hadn’t had a chance to go the entire mission or during her captivity with the Skrulls. She shuddered as she remembered them probing her memory, fear almost causing her to have an accident then. She pushed thoughts of her capture or her bodily functions aside and focused on getting her bearings.

Vers was utterly confused as to where she was, but after finding electronic equipment at a Radio Shack and fiddling with a pay phone (not that she knew what that was) for a couple hours, she managed to radio back to her Kree team. She informed them of her location but privately decided to investigate her own past based on the renewed memory she had under Skrull interrogation. She was, however, rudely interrupted by some humans.

Vers was now extremely desperate, having focused on radioing home instead of her own needs, so she was annoyed at being interrogated yet again. They clearly did not believe her intentions or even the existence of Skrulls. The man who talked to her first, Agent Fury, eventually finally asked a relevant question. “How do we know you’re not one of those shapeshifter things?”

Vers nodded. “Congratulations, you finally asked a relevant question.”

Fury, clearly still not believing a word, said, “No, congratulations to you, Starforce lady, you’re under arrest.”

However, right at that moment, Vers caught a glimmer in the sun on a rooftop across an alley. Her face went from bemusement to concern as she realized it was a Skrull. She shoved Agent Fury out of the way as the shot went wild before returning fire. The Skrull ran away and she chased. As she ran after the Skrull, she could feel a dampness in her utilitarian black panties. She cursed her momentary lapse of control but kept moving, ignoring the humans who were running to their car.

She saw the Skrull run up the stairs to a train station and hesitated for a moment before using two walls to jump straight onto the station, wincing as the effort caused another leak. She ran towards the train she knew the Skrull entered, momentarily bumping into an old lady on accident (and letting out another spurt from the surprise). She cursed inwardly but focused on the task of getting on the train, which was departing. She sprinted after it, leaping off at the last moment and catching hold of the back of the train.

As she slammed into the back, her churning bowels let out a long fart, though fortunately no one was around to hear or smell it. She ignored it and broke into the first car. Passengers stared but she ignored them and put on an intimidating demeanor as she checked out each passenger for a potential Skrull. For a moment, she wondered if people were staring because they could see the beginnings of her peeing herself, but she was confident her black and green suit and the material it was made out of would show nothing.

She menacingly walked down the train before stopping at an old lady. She had bumped into the same old lady… it must be the Skrull. She swung a punch right into her face, to the horror of the other passengers, but was proven correct when the old lady swung around and kicked her in the midsection. She felt a three second spurt as she flew backwards before returning the blows back to the Skrull. She smacked the Skrull into a rail and flat onto the floor before passengers pulled her off, thinking she was beating up an old lady. The Skrull took advantage to get back up and start to run away. Vers shook the passengers off and chased after, but the Skrull swung around a pole and kicked her in the stomach.

Vers felt a second spurt and her bowels involuntarily releasing in reaction to the hit. A single turd began to escape and she held it in place. She couldn’t let herself get distracted and returned to the fight, but was eventually held back long enough by other passengers for the Skrull to escape. She picked up a device the Skrull left behind and chased after it, jumping to the top of the train where the Skrull was waiting. The Skrull kicked her again and the rest of the turd escaped out of her along with a good portion of her bladder. The black and green suit didn’t show any wetness, but she briefly wondered if there would be a bulge before she got back on her feet to continue her pursuit.

As they fought on top of the train, the Skrull knocked her off and she hung on to the side barely. The force of the impact against the train and almost falling off caused the rest of her bladder to release. She could feel the warm wetness pool at her feet, but her suit was designed for space travel and was airtight and didn’t let anything out. She eventually got back on top of the train and shot at the Skrull, but it ran away and she had to duck back inside the train to avoid an upcoming tunnel ceiling.

When she could finally get off the train station, she realized she had truly lost track of the Skrull, even almost punching a civilian who she thought was the Skrull. A couple people were horrified by her antics and maybe one was even horrified by the smell of her shit but overall, she was lost in a crowd. She escaped the station and used the device to look for clues and realized it had tape of her memories extracted by the Skrulls when they had captured her. One memory showed a place called Pancho’s Bar… she started to formulate a plan but the crystal started to fry and her bowels renewed their desperation, the single turd in her suit not representing her whole load.

She quickly walked down the street, looking for some place to clean herself up and look up where Pancho’s Bar was. As she walked, she could feel her anus open up and another turd stick out. Out of desperation, she asked a passerby, “Hey, where can I look up where Pancho’s Bar is?”

The guy looked at her oddly but said, “Never heard of it but check out the Internet cafe a block that way and grab a map.”

She thanked him and hurried on, the poop escaping her just a little bit with every step. She arrived at the strip mall and saw the words Internet cafe and entered. She was met by a bewildering scene of inefficient technology and drinks. She figured she would work out how to use things later and hurriedly asked the receptionist where the bathroom was. She followed the directions and locked herself into a stall. Now that she was alone in a bathroom, her body ratcheted up the urgency and before she could take off her suit, she finished pooping out the second turd before a third followed immediately after, finally leaving her empty.

She stood there in shock and embarrassment and felt her behind, knowing there was an obvious bulge. She sighed and began the work of taking off her suit to clean it off and jump out the urine pooling at the bottom. She would have to wear the suit without underwear moving forward, but she was too focused on her mission to mope about her accident. When she was finished cleaning up, she exited the stall and went to figure out how to use the “Internet,” smelling faintly of piss and shit still.

*012*2019-10-21 12:08

Hey all, here's a short chapter from Thor. There is messing.

Chapter 3: Sif

Lady Sif, the feared Asgardian warrior, was on planet Earth, aka Midgard, to stop Loki’s machinations and bring Thor home. However, Loki had sent the Destroyer, a giant metal automaton, to kill Thor. Sif, ready for battle in her metal plate armor

(and leather pants with a pteruge skirt and boots), along with the Warriors Three, was directed by Thor to distract the Destroyer while he handled evacuating the town, since Thor was stripped of his power.

The Warriors Three faced down the Destroyer face-on, with two of them throwing Volstagg at the Destroyer. While Volstagg didn’t land a hit, Sif swung right and had climbed to the roof of a nearby building. While the Destroyer was distracted, Sif leapt off and pierced the Destroyer’s neck with her spear, seemingly shutting it off. She smiled at her skill and success. However, the Destroyer slowly reactivated and began turning its body 180 degrees to face Sif, even while pinned. Volstagg and the others rushed to help, but the beam was already charging up and Sif had to leap off to not be hit. The combination of the hard landing and fear jolted Sif’s bladder, and for the first time that day she felt a strong urge as a spurt escaped.

She put it aside and began to sprint away as the Destroyer lifted itself off her spear and aimed. It targeted her and she couldn’t get away fast enough, the beam hitting the ground beneath her and sending her flying across the street. She landed into a car and on the ground. She had began peeing as she flew in the air and continued to wet uncontrollably as she landed, but she rolled off her back and onto all fours to get back up. However, before she could get away, another beam landed between her and the Warriors Three and she across another street and into yet another car. Bladder empty, this time the pain and fear caused her bowels to churn and she pooped uncontrollably, forming a bulge in her leather pants.

She had a mission, so she focused on getting herself back up, hiding in the cover of the car as she checked that her shield was still intact. However, Thor ran up and told her to get out with the others. In the back of her mind, she couldn’t help but be embarrassed at having had an accident in front of a man she loved, but she shook her head and said, “No! I will die a warrior’s death… Stories will be told of this day…”

Thor wasn’t having it and took her shield to face down the Destroyer. “Live and tell those stories yourself,” he said. Sif nodded reluctantly and helped the others up to get away as Thor marched towards the Destroyer. Within the chaos, no one paid attention to the state of her (fortunately dark) pants and the smell.

They watched in horror as the Destroyer easily swatted aside the mortal Thor, despite his apology to his brother, Loki. A miracle happened, though, as Thor regained his power and recalled his hammer, Mjolnir.

Sif watched on in relief as Thor easily defeated the Destroyer. She shifted uncomfortably as she realized she had a mess in her pants and that they were soaked, but no one paid any mind as she remained in her dirty clothes while they waited on Heimdall to return them to Asgard. Upon returning, Thor easily took care of business, so Sif snuck off to change before the eventual celebrations. At the feast, she was mostly happy to have won and have Thor back, but a little bit of her was just happy no one noticed her accident.

*016*2019-10-25 00:04

This chapter has two parts. First no messing, second does.

Part 1: Agent Maria Hill

It had been a long day for Maria Hill, S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. The bickering of the supposed Avengers Director Fury had assembled was nonstop and while they had captured Loki - too easily in her mind - they couldn’t figure out what his plans were. She was stuck managing the crew running the helicarrier while Nick Fury managed Loki’s interrogation and she was acutely aware she had not gone to the bathroom in many hours, subtly shifting around in her one piece black uniform

.

Just as she wondered when she could take a break, the helicarrier shook violently, throwing everyone off their feet. An explosion from sabotage by a brainwashed Hawkeye had damaged an engine and Agent Hill felt the first spurt escape as she gripped on a railing to avoid falling.

She grimaced at her momentary loss of control but gritted her teeth as she got to work. Unbeknownst to anyone else, she also had “protection.” Trained to be in the field for extended periods of time and after multiple close calls with the tight one-piece uniform, she actually often wore a diaper when out on the field. It was actually recommended practice for active S.H.I.E.L.D. agents, but most ignored it out of pride. Agent Hill couldn’t count the number of times it had saved her from embarrassment and time lost since she began following the protocol, though, and this time was no different.

Agent Hill rushed to report to Director Fury about the status of engine three and to direct the crew, pushing her need to the back of her mind. As the Avengers tried to repair the helicarrier and stop an out-of-control Hulk, Nick Fury arrived and took over direction, directing Hill to begin evacuations. Agent Hill took just a few steps, though, before noticing a grenade. She alerted others but it exploded and threw her aside. Attackers entered the room as Fury engaged in a firefight.

Agent Hill slowly got herself back up and realized she had emptied the rest of her bladder, but her suit and her diaper was intact and the only person who knew about her accident would be her. She refocused on the situation and saw someone with their gun drawn in Fury, and she took action and stood up straight to fire her pistol, hitting the attacker right in the head and saving Fury’s life. To all watching, she was the picture of confidence, not someone who had just pissed herself. She realized she would have to go through the rest of this attack with a full diaper and gritted her teeth at the thought before getting back to work.

Part 2: Black Widow

Agent Hill wasn’t the only person to have an accident during the helicarrier attack. When initial explosion happened, Natasha Romanoff, or Black Widow, realized she was pinned at her foot under a collapsed pipe and was next to an agitated Bruce Banner who was on the verge of turning into the Hulk. The fear of being trapped with the Hulk caused her to involuntarily begin to leak slowly (contained in her black catsuit

), but she tried to calm him down. “Doctor... Bruce, you gotta fight it. This is just what Loki wants. We're gonna be okay. Listen to me.”

She waved off two S.H.I.E.L.D. agents for their safety and continued to try to calm him down, but there was no stopping him. The transformation began and Black Widow now peed freely into her catsuit out of fear. She pleaded with him. “Bruce. Please.”

It was no use and she struggled her foot free of the pipe, getting up and wincing as she felt all the urine pool at her feet inside her catsuit. As she looked at the now fully transformed Hulk, the Hulk looked back with the face of a monster and she felt herself fart involuntarily out of fright as well. She began to sprint away, or as fast as she could with a hurt ankle, and was forced to parkour her way onto a catwalk and through small spaces to escape the Hulk’s giant hands.

A few minutes later, she thought she may have lost the Hulk. She skulked her way through tight back corridors, pistol out and stomach churning out of fear. She turned the corner and checked various angles before hearing a sound. She turned to it and looked up and was greeted by a giant green face screaming at her.

She instinctively shot her pistol at a pipe to release nitrogen at the Hulk while ignoring the sensation of her bowels descending. The Hulk smashed the pipe out of the way, clearly unaffected. Black Widow turned and began to run, a slight limp due to her hurt ankle and poop now halfway out of her. She focused on sprinting as hard as possible, causing the first turd to finish slipping out, creating a bulge in her leather catsuit. Despite her best efforts, the Hulk caught up to her and sideswiped her into a wall. She collapsed to the ground and looked up as the Hulk loomed over her. Fearing her doom, she felt her bowels noisily finish evacuate. However, before the finishing blow, Thor shoved the Hulk into a separate room and she collapsed in exhaustion and pain now that she was alone.

After a few minutes of crying as her fear subsided and the smell of her accident overwhelmed her, she meticulously unzipped and disassembled her catsuit and emptied the mess. She zipped the suit back up, grimacing at the traces of her accident and the definite slight smell that would linger, but ready to rejoin the fight. She collected herself and responded to Director Fury’s request that someone take down Barton, AKA Hawkeye. Subconsciously checking her front and back to confirm there was no visible wetness or bulge, she sprinted to the detention level where Barton was.

*021*2019-11-19 12:20

Hey all, long time no write, but here's a very short anecdote followed by a little bit longer one, both just wetting.

Chapter 5: Pepper Potts

It was December 2012, seven months after the chaotic events of the alien invasion of New York, and Pepper Potts was fast asleep by her boyfriend Tony Stark. Unfortunately for her, he was plagued by nightmares from the events of New York. This night, a particularly bad one had him shaking and she woke up in reaction. Realizing what was happening, she put her hand on Tony and tried to comfort her. However, in Tony’s sleep and distress, an Iron Man suit had been called and it grabbed her firmly in the arm to “protect” him. She gasped in fear as she was spun around and on her back in the bed by the suit.

Tony woke up and immediately deactivated the suit, but her middle-of-the-night full bladder couldn’t take the sudden scare and she was uncontrollably peeing through her white panties into the bed under the covers. Tony tried to comfort her. “I must have called it in my sleep. That's not supposed to happen. I'll recalibrate the sensors. Can we just...just let me...just let me catch my breath, okay?”

Pepper faintly realized she was peeing and forced herself to stop, though the damage was already done. She ripped off the covers, revealing a foot-wide wet spot on the bed and soaked white panties. She ignored it, knowing Tony had no ground to make fun of her given the situation. “I’m going to sleep downstairs. Tinker with that.”

Pepper stormed off and went straight to the basement bathroom. She sat down on the toilet and simply finished peeing through her panties, head buried in her hands as she calmed herself down before stripping nude and showering.

Chapter 6: Jane Foster

Jane felt bad for Richard, who seemed like a sweet guy, but she was relieved Darcy had something to show her and had gotten her out of that date. If she was honest, she still wasn’t over Thor, and that drove her to find some way to connect their worlds. After they drove and traced the odd readings to an abandoned factory in the middle of nowhere, Jane was less sure she was glad about these findings, but she put a brave foot forward. She also felt a twinge in her bladder as the cold damp England weather prevailed, having not gone since before the drive and the date, but it was nothing urgent. A storm was coming, but was not here yet.

They bumped into some kids who, after a brief distrustful conversation, showed them what they found and what was almost certainly the source of the strange readings. A truck was floating in the air and the kids dropped a bottle from the top of a stairwell and it reappeared above and fell indefinitely. Jane did the same thing with a can and it disappeared. “What happened?” she asked.

A kid shrugged. “Sometimes they reappear, sometimes they don’t.”

Jane turned to her friend Darcy. “I haven’t seen readings like this since…”

Darcy finished her sentence. “New Mexico?”

Flashes of the time she visited Thor came to Jane and she realized how much she wanted to see him. Hope swelled inside her as she sprinted to where the readings on her device were strongest, ignoring the others. As she got close to a different portal in a separate room, though, a particularly strong gust from the incoming storm pushed her forwards. She stumbled and accidentally fell through…

...and reappeared in a different world. It was dark and dank and empty except for a single column glowing red. Jane couldn’t help it as her curiosity grew. She inched towards the column. Tentatively, she reached out and touched it. The glowing red entered her and she gasped before passing out. Unbeknownst to her, the Aether had entered her.

Jane reawoke inside the factory on Earth. Suddenly remembering where she was, she jumped up with a start. A pang down below told her she needed to pee badly but she had to find her friends first. She ran out of the factory only to see Darcy and a cop. Darcy shouted, “Jane! Where the hell were you?!”

She angrily responded, “Tell me you did not call the police.”

“What was I supposed to do?”

“Not call the police!”

“Jane… you were gone for five hours.”

“What…?”

That explained the overly full bladder, Jane thought. Suddenly the storm forecasted arrived in force but the rain didn’t come down over Jane. Jane looked around and saw in a clap of lightning - Thor!

She ran over, delighted to see him, but first - she slapped him. “Sorry. I needed to make sure you were real.”

Thor said, “Well, I am. Jane…”

She slapped him again. “Where the hell were you!”

Thor replied, “Where were you? Heimdall could not see you.”

“I was right here where you left me. I was waiting and then I was crying and then I went out looking for you. You said you were coming back.”

“I know, I know, but the Bifrost was destroyed. The Nine Realms erupted into chaos, wars were raging, marauding hordes were pillaging. I had to put an end to the slaughter.”

“As excuses go, that's not terrible. But I saw you on TV, you were...you were in New York!”

“Jane, I fought to protect you from the dangers of my world, but I was wrong, I was a fool.”

Thor placed his hand Jane's face and she melted a little. Thor continued, “I believe that fate brought us together. Jane, I don't know where you were or what happened, but I do know this.”

“What?”

“I know…”

Thor and Jane leaned in to kiss, but were rudely interrupted by Darcy before a police officer came over.

The police officer looked stern. “This is private property and you're trespassing, the lot of you. You'll have to come with me.”

Jane didn’t know how to respond and was still mad at being interrupted with Thor, but when the police officer tried to grab Jane’s arm, a powerful force came out of nowhere and pushed everyone flying from Jane. The energy forced Jane to the ground and she felt herself spurt in shock right into her underwear underneath her black tights and grey skirt. She instinctively stopped the flow.

Thor came running over and pulled her up. “Jane! You alright?”

“What just happened?”

The police were much more harsh now and warily approached. “Place your hands on your head, step back!”

After a back and forth with the police, Thor knew there was no negotiating. He said to Jane, “Hold on to me.”

Jane was apprehensive. “What are you doing?”

Light surrounded Jane and Thor as the Bifrost opened up. Jane and Thor disappeared in a flash of bright light, leaving behind intricate marks on the ground on Earth. Jane felt disoriented and enthralled at the same time as she rocketed through the universe inside the beam of light, held tight to Thor. The sensations of travel and light was overwhelming and she could vaguely tell she was peeing right into her tights before reappearing moments later in Asgard. Jane staggered a little as she regained her footing. In the back of her mind, she realized she had finished pissing herself on the portal trip, her tights and underwear soaked. Fortunately, the skirt remained dry and Thor was none the wiser. She was too excited to even acknowledge her accident as she processed everything she was seeing. “We have to do that again.”

She turned and saw the man operating the portal. Heimdall cocked an eyebrow - he saw everything - before smiling and saying, “Welcome to Asgard.”

