(Messing) Overwatch - Stealth Operation

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2018-02-03 01:51

I really want to thank Blizzard for providing us with so many wonderful waifus to abuse.

Oh, and for anyone who didn't see my status update: continuations to the WoW story and for Journey to Arnwick are coming, and soon.

Anyway, hope you enjoy!

###

Five figures sat around a table, a glowing hologram hovering in the air before them. Sombra recognized the building; it was a very large facility built out of Dorado. She’d been there. Now, Talon was ordering her back.

“You know, I still have access to their entire database,” Sombra chimed in, eyeing Reyes (or Reaper, as he was known now) through the hologram.

“You don’t have access to what we need,” Reaper replied, voice tinged with annoyance, “The data is-”

“Not kept unsecured,” Moira interrupted, earning her irritated looks from both Sombra and Reaper, but she didn’t drop her smug smile. Tapping a few buttons on her end of the table, the hologram shifted to images of various documents, “This is highly sensitive corporate information- capable of building or breaking economies, they keep it on a separate, secure network,”.

“Might I inquire as to what we intend to do with this information?” Widowmaker asked, her interest superficial at best.

“That’s classified,” Moira answered, her smug grin widening. Sombra thought that Moira must have been hoping someone would ask, just so she could say that. She rolled her eyes at the Irish woman’s shenanigans.

“It’s for a special project,” Reaper explained, “One being pursued by Doctor O’Deorain, here,” he gestured to Moira. He was getting tired of explaining.

“You do know we’re not grunts, right?” Sombra asked, shooting very pointed looks at Reaper and Moira, “We’re all members of the same inner circle, so I don’t see why you can’t tell us anything,”.

Reaper sighed, then said “Because-”

“Because you won’t understand,” Moira interrupted.

That struck a nerve for Sombra, who leaned forward with her arms on the table, glaring at Moira, who just smugly smiled. Before the argument could proceed any further, however, a deep voice cleared its throat from the far end of the table. Sombra shrank back in her chair. Moira’s expression simply turned to blank disinterest, but she did keep quiet.

There was an unspoken, yet very real rule among Talon: when Doomfist speaks, you listen. “The nature of this project is very sensitive, and we cannot risk anyone learning of it who shouldn’t. So information is on a strictly need-to-know basis,”. Akande, or Doomfist was he was much more well known, spoke with finality, clearly not wanting any further dissent.

“Furthermore,” Doomfist continued, “The facility is on high alert, and security is too strong for us to break through,” he looked over Sombra, Widowmaker, and Moira, “That is why you three will be undertaking this mission. Reyes and I would alert the entire city,”.

Sombra sighed deeply. They were right, of course, those two couldn’t do anything quietly, so it was certain to fall to them.

###

Sombra stood alone in a room full of her equipment. As she loaded numerous magazines and prepared several teleporters for the mission ahead, she jumped slightly as strange sound, like a harsh wind, broke the silence. She knew the sound was none other than Moira, abusing her ability to teleport.

“What?” Sombra asked impatiently.

“So hostile,” Moira put her hands behind her back, standing in her favorite authoritarian pose, “I was just ensuring you were prepared for the mission ahead, Sombra,”.

“I am, Moira,”

“So you say, but I don’t believe I see any diapers among your inventory,”

Sombra paused as she finished preparing her SMG; she made of show of inserting a fresh magazine into while looking at Moira out of the corner of her eye.

“Forgive me, but after looking through your records...” Moira placed a hand on her chin while looking at the ceiling, recalling, “You and Widowmaker were both frightened into both wetting and soiling yourselves in your two most recent outings. Prior to this, I have numerous records of you leaking any amount from droplets to completely making a mess of yourself in nearly every engagement you’ve been in. Hardly fitting for a master of stealth, wouldn’t you say?”

“If you think you’ve got dirt on me, you should see what I’ve got on you...” Sombra warned.

“You misunderstand me, Sombra,” Moira placed a hand on her chest, to emphasize her honesty, “Consider this a sort of olive branch. I’ve developed a treatment that should eliminate any and all manner of stress and fear incontinence,”. Moira had a look in her eye, one Sombra recognized as excitement. Getting to test these formulas was fun for her.

“Did you give this “treatment” to Widow, too?” Sombra asked, skeptically.

“Certainly not! She already has 200 things wrong with her body, and I’m not about to throw another ingredient into that time bomb,”.

“Well, thanks but no thanks. I’ll try it after you’ve had a few other guinea pigs,”.

“Understandable,” Moira said simply, “Make sure you’re prepared, we leave in an hour,”.

In a quick flash of purple fog, Moira was gone.

###

Dorado was peacefully quiet as Mei walked through a town square, where the remnants of a festival were strewn about. The moon shone brightly in the sky, and, along with the colorful lights and decorations, cast everything into an ethereal glow. Mei was quite happy to be here, quite calmed by the beautiful sights this place had to offer.

It was almost enough to distract her from her desperate need to use the restroom.

Her control had been improving substantially, enough that she didn’t even need to wear any manner of protection most of the time. She’d even been able to avoid having accidents on most of the missions she set out on. Most. She hoped this would number among her dry ones. All they had to do was wait around for some information to be offloaded from a computer, and Mei hadn’t seen any sign of any interference, so this was mostly just a test of everyone’s patience.

And bladder control, she realized, as she pressed her hands into her groin. A worried look crossed her face, as she walked through the streets, hunting for a bathroom. She was totally alone, and no one would judge her, or even know, if she were to relieve herself… pretty much anywhere out here. Since the inhabitant of Dorado seemingly had no need for bathrooms, she might have to.

Blushing slightly as she prepared to drop her pants, she jumped a little as she heard a sound like a strong wind. Fumbling for her cryo gun, she felt her light blue panties warm up slightly at the crotch. She heard that strange sound again, this time from behind her. As she whirled about, she saw a woman of colossal stature standing before her. As she raised her cryo gun, the woman quickly gripped it in her right hand, creating a purple cloud around the weapon. Mei dropped it as she felt her only means of defense disintegrate under the woman’s touch.

Shaking slightly, Mei began to back away from the tall woman, who now stood with her hands behind her back, and a smug, condescending look on her face. Mei gasped sharply and looked down at her legs as she felt the dam burst. Hot urine spilled down her large thighs, the stain rapidly spreading around her groin, reaching up the creases where those thighs met her pelvis. The fabric of her blue pants turned dark blue as the pee flowed down her legs, right into her boots. She took another step back, and felt (and heard) the squish of her now urine-filled boots. She could even feel some of the cooling warmth reach up to her butt. Mei teared up as her dry streak was ruined.

“I’ll never fully understand why they hired an incontinent climatologist to partake in combat operations,” the woman mused.

“Who are you? Why are you here?” Mei demanded, just barely managing to keep her voice from cracking.

“That’s classified, and that’s classified,” The woman took a step forward, extending her hand, which was cloaked in that purple fog, “And, on that note, I really shouldn’t leave any witnesses,”

As she reached out towards her with her disintegrating hand, Mei closed her eyes, and noticed that her bottom was no longer being hugged by her wet panties. She’d hardly even felt herself start voiding her bowels, but now a considerable log had tented out her pants and panties quite a bit. She wanted so badly to run, but her legs could hardly move.

Just as soon as she regained control of her body, the tall woman’s hand reached her, but she did not evaporate. The woman had only placed her hand on Mei’s shoulder, disintegrating cloud nowhere to be seen.

“So perhaps you should leave this place, little scientist,” The woman had a strange expression, one Mei almost thought resembled one of camaraderie, “My companions will not be as forgiving as I am,”.

“W-why are you letting me go?” Mei asked, hoping that the offer was genuine.

“I am here in the pursuit of science. If I murder another woman of science, I won’t truly be helping the cause very much,”. Ah. Mei was being spared due to her role as a scientist. “Attempt to interfere, however, and I suspect climatology may lose one of its favorite researchers,”.

With those words, the woman vanished into a cloud of smoke. Mei’s heart was racing, and her legs were shaking underneath her. Placing a hand on her chest and breathing heavily, she sat down on a nearby chair, hardly giving a thought to the squishy mess that spread across her butt as she did so.

She was terrified, uncertain who that woman was, or what companions she had brought with her, but she knew that she had to warn the others.

###

Zarya paced around slowly. For the last few hours, she’d been patrolling the streets outside the facility, and she’d scarcely seen even any bugs, much less intruders. She was bored. Extremely bored. She knew she really shouldn’t hope something bad happened, but at that point, she’d have welcomed any sort of excitement.

As she continued her route through the moonlit streets, a mechanical, beeping sound filled the quiet air. She smirked at the promise of a little action, and hoisted up her massive weapon. Sure enough, as walked towards the source of the noise, footsteps were audible. They certainly weren’t Mei’s, which meant whoever it was was in the wrong place at the wrong time.

Another sound, one she knew well, made her eyes widen. She heard what she knew to be Sombra’s teleporter directly behind her. Activating her suit’s special ability, she preemptively projected a shield around herself. And none too soon, as a flurry of bullets slammed into it. The Talon hacker was there when she turned around, with a smirk that quickly dissolved as she realized her prey wasn’t dead.

Using the energy her shield had absorbed, Zarya opened fire with her weapon, the huge beam impacting Sombra’s shoulder as the hacker dove to the side. More techno noises, which Zarya knew meant Sombra was now invisible, and slinking around somewhere close by. Everything was silent, and she could feel her heart beating in her ears.

Those computerized sounds were heard once more, but Zarya was caught off-guard as the noises came from above her. Wasting no time, she once again activated her shield, and lifted her beam cannon up to fire, when Sombra unleashed a massive energy pulse. The bubble shield around Zarya was destroyed instantly, as was the personal shield projected by her suit. As she continually tried to reactivate her barrier, her suit simply couldn’t. She was totally vulnerable.

And Sombra knew it.

Aiming for Zarya’s center of mass, Sombra opened fire, several bullets crashing into the muscular woman’s armor. Thanks to said armor, none of them actually embedded themselves in her body, but hell if it didn’t hurt like they had. As she stumbled backwards, perhaps it was the impact of the bullets, perhaps it the fear, perhaps both, but Zarya’s large bowels voided themselves.

With a very low pblrpblrpblrpblrpblr followed by a very wet skrltch, her mess slid into her panties. It was solid at first, but quickly turned soft. A ball of mess the size of an apple rested between her buttcheeks. As her abdomen ached from the damage it had sustained, Zarya put her hands over it, clutching it in pain. A few quiet seconds after she soiled herself, another, much louder SQUELCH accompanied even more mess as it rushed into her panties. Even softer than the first load, the new mess quickly spread out, filling up her panties and stretching them out.

Sombra was loving the display before her, “What, you’re not gonna wet your pants, too?” she said with a chuckle.

“Looking for someone to share your pain?” Zarya replied. Even outside of Talon, Sombra’s tendency for accidents was known.

Her mirth vanished, and Sombra prepared her SMG. As she took a step towards Zarya, something that resembled a metal disk suddenly bounced off the wall next to her, clearly surprising both women. As they looked at it, it began to float into the air, and both realized what it was. It was Mei’s little ice-generating robot, Snowball.

Zarya continued to look on in surprise, and Sombra in fear. Everyone knew to flee from Mei’s little robot. With its cute little eyes, it winked to Zarya, then began to unleash a furious blizzard upon Sombra, who yelped in fear and turned to run. As her running speed slowed and slowed, she threw out one of her teleporter beacons, and vanished from sight.

Looking down the path the spy had fled, Zarya chuckled as she noticed small puddle of pee on the ground, as well as numerous smaller drops here and there. Sombra’s extensive record of pissing herself continued.

Of course, she was hardly in a position to judge. Her pants and panties were sagging badly under the immense weight of her mess. She placed her hand on her rear, feeling the massive lump there. Given how soft it was, the mess quishes under her hand, even with hardly any force.

Snowball began beeping at her, getting her attention. It seemed to want her to follow it. As she chased after the little robot, it led her to Mei, who was nervously pacing back and forth. She looked up at Zarya, and her expression changed to pure relief.

“Zarya!” She cried, “You’re okay!”

“Thanks to your little robot,” She said. As Zarya looked Mei over, she noticed Mei’s soaked pants, and another smell in the air, aside from her own mess, “Are you okay?” she asked, eyeing Mei’s obvious accidents.

Mei looked down and flushed with embarrassment, nervously placing her hands over her groin, “Some woman attacked me, I’d never seen her before,” Mei sniffed the air, and scrunched her nose, “What about you?”.

“Sombra,” She said simply. “I got hit in the gut, and, well...” She turned to the side, permitting Mei a view of the colossal bulge on her butt. Zarya hardly felt any shame in her accident; certainly none in Mei knowing about it. If there was one person she could count on to not judge, it was Mei.

“We need to warn the others!” Mei said, mercifully changing the topic.

“Agreed, let’s go,”.

###

Pharah flew low, just outside the facility she was to protect. She’d heard gunfire only a few moments ago. No one had reported any intruders, and there were no other signs of a problem, but Pharah wasn’t about to gamble the safety of her objective.

She landed on a rooftop, and crouched. With her keen vision, she inspected the town around her. Everything looked clear. That is, until her eyes settled on a purple object in the distance. Pharah looked closely, and it was nearly too late by the time she noticed.

A high-powered sniper bullet raced towards her head, and it was only her quick realization that kept it from finding its target. She pulled away quickly, feeling her head jerk a little as the bullet grazed her helmet. Diving back, behind a concrete wall on the building’s roof, Pharah was panting heavily as her life flashed before her eyes. She lifted her hands up, and felt around her helmet for damage. Where the bullet had met the metal, there was now a deep cut in the metal. Had she been another inch forward…

As the adrenaline faded, and sensation returned to her body, Pharah noticed that her crotch was wet. Groaning in annoyance, she spread and closed her legs repeatedly, trying to gauge the extent of her accident through her armor. Her womanhood was cold and clammy, now, but that felt like the extent of it. She must have only lost a little when Widowmaker shot at her. She hoped it hadn’t been enough to stain the uniform pants she wore under her armor, and that only her boxer briefs were wet.

Once that was out of the way, Pharah started to think up a plan. Widowmaker was an expert sniper, and at such a range, she was sure to hit Pharah before Pharah could hit her. After a moment, she came up with a plan. It was a risky plan, but it just might work. She readied her jump jets and her rocket launcher, steadied her breathing, then launched into the air.

She knew Widowmaker would be taking aim immediately, so she wasted no time in unleashing a barrage of missiles at the sniper’s perch. Even from here, she could see Widowmaker lower her rifle, and use her grappling hook to swing to safety.

Pharah released the breath she’d been holding as her plan paid off. Widowmaker had been driven off, allowing her time to return to the facility. As Pharah descended, she realized that the fear that had surged through had caused her to empty what was left in her bladder. She blushed furiously as she urinated on herself, flooding her boxer briefs and drenching her pants. She could feel the hot wetness seeping down her well-toned thighs. Most of her pee was either contained by her armor or absorbed by her pants, but several drops managed to escape through the gaps in her armor, falling to the ground below. Pharah thanked the heavens that you couldn’t see her accident through her armor.

There were more important things to think about than her soggy pants, though. She’d only bought herself time to escape from Widowmaker. Her allies would need help reinforcing the facility.

###

Tracer sat on the ground, talking with Orisa. The massive robot seemed intimidating at first, but after only a couple moments of talking, it was clear that Orisa was just a big teddy bear. A highly-armed, titanium teddy bear, sure, but a teddy bear nonetheless. Supposedly, the door containing some top-secret information sat just behind them. Tracer didn’t know whether or not that was true, of course, since the door was locked.

And reinforced.

And had a keypad with a 20-number-long code sequence.

And was huge enough that even Orisa, the disaster relief robot, couldn’t lift it. Tracer wondered if it was bad that she made the robot try to break into the chamber.

Their conversation was interrupted as a sweaty, frantic Pharah burst into the room, startling Tracer so much she fell backwards from her sitting position.

“Fareeha!” Tracer shouted in surprise, “What’sa matter?”

“Talon is here,” Pharah removed her helmet, and gestured to the damaged portion, “Widowmaker almost took my head off. I think there are more out there, too. I haven’t seen Mei or Zarya,”.

“Widow’s out there, huh?” A determined look filled Tracer’s face; she was quite excited at the premise of taking down her longtime rival.

Pharah walked by them, inspecting the door to the chamber. As she walked by, Tracer could swear she caught the faintest whiff of the ammoniac smell of urine. She knew how much accidents like that distressed Pharah, so she decided to avoid bringing it up. Orisa, on the other hand, spoke without a care in the world, “I am detecting several indicators that you may have lost control of your bladder during the fight,”.

Pharah turned about and stared daggers at the robot, who seemed to have no idea why she might want to keep such a thing private. Tracer couldn’t help but giggle. Pharah cleared her throat, then spoke, “Yes, Orisa… I wet my pants when Widowmaker almost shot me in the head,” her teeth were gritted as she spoke.

“It is not uncommon for people- even professionals such as yourself- to experience bouts of incontinence in the face of mortal danger. Many of the individuals I have saved from numerous disasters had wet and/or soiled themselves. I am well-versed in aiding in the clean up-”

“No, Orisa. I’m fine. Thanks.” Pharah forced a smile, looking like she was on the verge of defecting to Talon.

“You’re welcome,” Orisa replied cheerily. Tracer broke into a fit of laughter. If this kept up, she’d be going home in soggy pants, too.

Wiping a tear from her eye, Tracer drew her twin SMGs, “Back to business. You two stay here and guard the door, I’ll go see if I can find the others!”

“Wait, Tracer!” Pharah began, but Tracer blinked away before she could say anything.

###

As Widowmaker perched atop a building, she looked around with satisfaction at the total lack of any defenses around the facility. She knew Pharah must still be inside, but she would be easy prey. With a flash of pink to her right, and a flash or purple to her left, Sombra and Moira both materialized onto the rooftop.

“Defenses?” Moira asked, steepling her fingers in a supervillainy way.

“I took down their cameras and security systems,” Sombra replied.

“No one outside,” Widowmaker said. Tapping her visor, it descended to cover her eyes, granting her infrared vision, “I see Pharah and a robot inside the building,”.

“Then it sounds like this mission is nearly over,” Moira smiled her arrogant smile. “Sombra, you and I will sneak in and remove whatever security remains. Widowmaker, prepare to give us covering fire,”. The other two women nodded their agreement, and Sombra and Moira both vanished off the rooftop.

Using her state-of-the-art grappling hook to navigate the various rooftops, she stopped when she heard voices below her. Peering over the side, she saw Zarya and Mei, both hurrying towards the facility. She noted that both of them were running bow-legged. Drawing her sniper rifle, she took aim. As the crosshair closed in on Zarya, rapid footsteps approached Widowmaker.

Lowering her rifle, she turned around to behold Tracer sprinting towards her, pulse bomb in hand. “Present for ya!” she shouted as she dropped the deadly explosive at Widowmaker’s feet. Tracer used her recall ability, and vanished, leaving only a wide-eyed Widowmaker. With no other options, she leapt from the roof.

A thunderous explosion filled the night as her previous position was thoroughly obliterated. She landed on her feet, but the impact quickly forced her onto her knees. She put her hands on the ground to steady herself as she attempted to steady her breathing. She tried to ignore the numerous wet trails flowing down her thighs. She clenched herself, but her purple panties were wet for sure, now.

More footsteps approached her, and she hesitantly raised her head and saw Zarya and Mei approaching her. Zarya was readying her beam cannon. Widowmaker could make out a soft hssssssssssssssss as her bladder then fully emptied into her suit. Two puddles grew around her knees that were planted in the ground, before joining into one huge, yellow puddle. She felt her stomach suddenly grow lighter, and realized she was about to crap herself, too. Many of her emotions were deadened, but this certainly did hurt whatever dignity she had left. With a quiet crackle, the contents of her stomach became the contents of her underwear. The rear of her suit, previously contoured perfectly to her butt, tented out sharply as her mess stretched the fabric out. It lost its form after a moment, and turned into a squishy mass.

The annoyance of this was severe, but she pushed her accidents out of her mind, and focused on finding a way out of this. Zarya and Mei now stood almost right in front of her. Widow used the only offensive tool she still had, her poison mine. Raising her arm as quickly as she could, her wrist-mounted launcher fired the mine at Zarya’s feet, detonating it. A cloud of gas filled the air, and as Mei and Zarya fled from it, Widowmaker grappled to the nearest rooftop.

Her position was compromised, and she’d been disarmed. She could be of no further help this operation. She radioed for extraction. If Sombra and Moira were successful, they’d need their getaway to be present, anyway. She tried to observe her enemies without being seen, and saw Mei and Zarya nervously continuing their walk to the facility. Blue flashes in the distance indicated Tracer would return there far sooner.

###

Moira and Sombra entered the massive facility. The sounds of computers and machinery filled the air. Sombra loaded up a holographic map she’d managed to download, and located the room they were after. They’d already encountered several protectors, and Moira was sure they’d only meet more inside the facility.

As they approached a sleek, futuristic hallway that lead towards their goal, Sombra stopped Moira, then cloaked. A moment later, she reappeared, and spoke “I see Pharah and a big robot, and Tracer,”.

“We’re outnumbered, then,” Moira said.

“True, but...” Sombra gave a sly smile, “My EMP pulse is charged up again,”

“And my Coalescence is ready,” For once, the two shared their smug smiles.

After a moment of preparation and planning, the two had agreed upon a plan: Moira would distract them while Sombra hacked open the door, whereupon Moira would teleport inside. Once both were inside, Sombra would close the door.

With a nod of affirmation, Sombra cloaked and ran towards the door. Moira was mentally bracing herself. Her whole body felt slightly cold and numb. She was more than prepared for a combat operation, but she was about to face off against three people, all armed. Though her cold exterior did not show it, she was quite nervous.

Once she felt she had given Sombra enough time, she walked down the hallway, emerging into a large, open chamber. With no hesitation, the robot placed down a barrier in front of its two companions. Both Pharah and Tracer readied their weapons, aiming them towards her.

“Who’re you?” Tracer said, after apparently realizing that she had no idea who Moira was.

“A scientist,” She smirked, “One who needs that data you’re guarding very badly,”.

“I recommend you surrender,” The robot said, in an innocent-sounding voice.

“You’re outnumbered and outgunned,” Said Pharah.

“Outnumbered, yes...” Moira grinned, “Outgunned? Hardly”.

Her right hand cut through the air, flinging a purple ball towards the chamber’s protectors. They huddled behind the robot’s barrier, and panic filled their eyes as the ball passed through the barrier like it wasn’t even there. With little purple streams of energy, the ball got to work disintegrating the protectors. Hearing the two biological ones yell in pain as they ran away from the death ball, Moira noted with satisfaction that they’d been forced from behind their shield.

Targeting Pharah, Moira fired her disintegrating beam at her. Large strips and chunks of the woman’s armor were vanishing from sight. Seeing this, Tracer sped towards Moira. Ending her attack, Moira teleported back several yards just as Tracer opened fire on the spot she had stood in only a second ago. Moira had treated plenty of wounds caused by Tracer’s fearsome weapons, and she did not want to be on the receiving end.

Tracer prepared to sprint for Moira again, but Moira grinned as she saw the death ball returning. Mentally patting herself on the back for aiming it properly, she watched as the ball struck Tracer once more just as the woman tried to sprint. The shock and pain of it caused her to faceplant into the sleek, metal floor.

Hurrying over to the downed fighter, Moira prepared her disintegrating hand, and placed it one Tracer’s face. Moira could plainly hear a loud, wet squelch as the poster child of Overwatch noisily filled her orange pants. She could even see the round little bulge forming between her buttcheeks, which had been so thoughtfully displayed by her tight pants. Furthering her shame, Moira could clearly make out a yellow puddle forming between Tracer’s legs as she lay prone.

“This won’t hurt a bit,” Moira said. Before she could deliver the finishing blow, however, she heard the sound of something flying through the air. At her. Jerking her head upward, she went wide-eyed as she saw a blue rocket speeding towards her. She tried to activate her teleportation, but the concussive shell hit her before she could. She was sent flying backwards, and rolled along the ground. She could feel a hot sensation around her womanhood, and realized that the force of the blast knocked a little bit of urine out of her. Not enough to stain her black pants, but enough to be felt.

She pulled herself off the ground, and looked over to see Tracer doing the same. Dozens of little pee-droplets were falling off the young hero. Pharah was flying towards her, rocket launcher at the ready. The robot had finally joined in the fray, and seemed to be warming up some sort of Gatling gun. This was bad. Moira could feel the cold-numb sensation of fear clawing its way back into her body.

“I repeat: I recommend you surrender,” the robot said.

“So do we,” Came an accented voice from elsewhere in the chamber. Moira looked with alarm to see Zarya and Mei entering the fight.

Panic began to well within her. There was no way for her to win this fight.

No way except Coalescence.

As if summoned, Sombra materialized in the air above the Overwatch forces, unleashing her EMP pulse. Everyone’s gear shut down simultaneously. They were vulnerable. Readying her weapon’s ultimate attack, Moira put her hands together, then shot them outward, unleashing a colossal gold and purple laser. Aiming it from one opponent to the next, she fired a continuous stream of death.

###

Pharah descended from the air, and hid behind cover alongside Zarya and Mei. Not only could she hear the laser digging into the wall they hid behind, she could feel it. Her whole body was tingly. Her heart was racing, and the terror forced her to soil herself. Unconsciously bending her knees ever so slightly, she unloaded into her boxer briefs. Her armor didn’t let her mess bulge out very far, instead flattening it out across her rear end. She felt somewhat sure that this was the last time she’d be wearing these pants, as her mess finished filling her fatigues under her armor.

Zarya had a similar reaction, but she had already soiled herself. Instead, the contents of her bladder were lost. Zarya looked down in shock to see wetness flowing down her black pants. Even over the chaos she was taking shelter from, a very loud pssssssssssssss was completely audible. Entire wet sheaths coated the inside of her legs as the urine raced down her well-muscled thighs. Some of the wetness flowed into her boots, but most slid down the sides, depositing into large puddles under her. Zarya felt shame and anger welling up within her- she never lost control out of fear. As a weightlifter, and a veteran, there’d been plenty of times she lost control due to strain or stress, but almost never fear.

Contrast that with Mei, who was shaking like a leaf as she hid near them. Fresh urine spilled into her pants, rewarming her now cold and clammy legs. A new wave of mess found its home in her panties as it joined what was already there. She’d already voided herself earlier, but even so, managed to make even more of a mess of her pants.

Off in a different corner, Tracer and Orisa took cover. They’d fled here the moment Moira unleashed the laser, and Tracer was out of breath. She slid down the wall she was leaning on, not caring that the firm mess between her buttocks squished under her as she reached the floor. As the laser passed over their hiding spot, eradicating some of their cover, Tracer voided what was left in her bladder. She’d only lost about half of her urine when Moira tried to kill her, and the rest spilled out of her now. The urine flowed from her crotch down to her butt, over the mess that rested in her panties. A small puddle began to grow underneath her.

“Do you need a hug?” Orisa ask, observing Tracer’s loss of control.

“Honestly?” Tracer replied, still out of breath, “Li’l bit, yeah,”.

Tracer meant it sarcastically, but as the friendly robot knelt down and wrapped her into a hug, she realized it was actually pretty comforting. Once the hug ended, Orisa said “If it is of further comfort: I cannot have accidents; but if I could, I’m sure I would right now, too,”.

“Thanks,” It wasn’t actually any comfort, but Orisa was trying.

###

The massive laser ended, and Moira was nearly drained of energy. The path was clear, though, and she sprinted as hard as she could towards Sombra, who was dutifully hacking the door. The robot fired a green ball towards her, which Moira ducked under. A second later, however, she stopped dead in her tracks as the ball pulled her towards. She flew through the air, landing on her knees.

She looked up, and gazed directly into the barrel of the robot’s very large cannon. That numb-cold fear returned harder than ever.

“I told you to surrender,” the robot said. The many barrels of the gun began to glow green and emit an intense heat.

Moira felt another kind of heat as she began to wet her pants. The stream was quiet and slow, but it was steady. A wet circle spread outwards from her womanhood, and dark crescents descended down her long and slender legs. Small rivulets of urine wound around the sides of her legs, ensuring her liquid shame reach all across her shapely legs. A puddle silently developed around her knees. Not content to leave her with some dignity, her bowels opted to relieve themselves, too. Much like her bladder, the release was quiet and slow, as the first log nestled neatly into her panties. Another quickly followed. Her pants were tight, but also fairly elastic, allowing the firm mess to bulge outward fairly far, creating a very large, lumpy bulge on her butt.

“My sensors indicate you have both wet and soiled yourself, and are in need of a change,” The robot said. Moira exhaled sharply as the massive gun began to power down, “If you would like to surrender now, we promise not to hurt you,”.

Out of the corners of her eyes, Moira could see the others emerging from their cover, all of them having caught their breath, finally. At the other side of the room, Moira looked with delight as she saw the great metal door finally slide open as Sombra hacked it. Moira inhaled, bracing herself. The cold-numb feeling was more intense than ever, and she knew that making a break for it had a high chance of being lethal.

Moira stood up as quickly as she could, then vanished into a cloud of purple fog. She reappeared several yards away, running as hard and fast as she could towards Sombra and the door.

Her fear was overwhelming, and she felt her bladder chaotically release more of its contents. This feeling of warmth and wetness covered her groin and her upper thighs, while numerous little trails wound down her legs. Drops of pee were flung into the air as she ran. From her other end, her bowels noisily vacated what was left inside of them. This mess was wetter than what filled her pants before, and mushed around inside her panties.

Moira could feel all of her opponents hot on her heels as she ran.

###

Sombra raised her SMG and began firing wildly, halting several of their enemies in their tracks. The robot deployed another barrier, however, rendering this approach futile. But, it had bought Moira just as much time as she needed, as she ran by Sombra and into the room. Sombra ran in just after her, using her newly-hacked system access to slam the door behind them.

Moira was panting heavily, and Sombra could smell a foul odor about her as the two stood next to each other. She decided to be the bigger woman and not say anything about it, though, “You hurt?” she asked.

“Only my pride,” Moira said between her ragged breaths.

The two approached a large, supremely advanced terminal. Sombra set about hacking it while Moira observed. After a short moment of silence, the scientist spoke, “Sombra, I must commend you,”.

“Thanks, but what for? A lot of things happened today,”

“Your assistance tonight has been invaluable. With it, I feel this operation would have been impossible,” this got a slight smirk from Sombra. Moira continued, “On a less professional level, I have to commend you for maintaining control over your bodily functions through the entire conflict. I… did not,”.

Sombra wiggled her legs a little bit as the cold wetness around her crotch reminded her that she had actually peed a little bit when Mei threw her little robot at her. But what Moira didn’t know wouldn’t hurt her, “You saw my record, it’s not uncommon,” Sombra said, happy to maintain this momentary friendliness.

A few seconds later, Sombra had completely hacked open the terminal. She took a step back, and did a theatrical bow as Moira approached the device, and began downloading the various documents and files she needed. While she did this, Sombra took another peek at the map she’d downloaded. Studying it, she saw that there was a way out, though it would be an unorthodox one: the air ducts.

###

Several minutes later, the two women were climbing through the ventilation shafts. Even though Sombra was in the lead, the unpleasant smell from Moira’s mess still filled the cramped space.

The two exited the air duct, and made their way through a door, leading outside the building. They now stood on a balcony that overlooked a precipitous drop into the ocean below. Their ride should appear at any minute. As they looked, they heard a noise, One that made Moira gasp, Sombra looked to its source to see Pharah flying a ways away from the balcony, and a blue missile streaking towards them.

Neither of them could react in time as the concussive shell landed between them, slamming Moira against the back wall, and launching Sombra over the edge of the balcony. She screamed as she began to fall, her descent only halted as Moira grabbed hold of her hand. Sombra felt around near her waist, and went wide-eyed as she realized she had used all of her teleporters. Moira had an impressive stature, but she spent most of her time reading or conducting science experiments; she was struggling just to hold Sombra, much less lift her up.

Making a terrible mistake, Sombra looked down, and felt her heart drop as she spied the many, spiky rocks jutting out of the water below her. There were no two ways about it, this fall would be fatal.

As she stared downwards, wondering which of the spikes would do her in, she noticed a clear stream falling between her legs, and into the ocean. She was peeing. Her pants were more akin to stockings than actual pants, and so most of her urine fell in a stream, instead of down her legs. As Sombra involuntarily swayed and moved her legs, however, they frequently got in the way of that stream, causing numerous, irregular wet splotches up and down her legs. Fighting through her fear, the first thing that came to her mind was to try and stop wetting herself. She brought her legs together, trying to stop the release. All this did was cut off the stream, instead causing the urine to soak into her black and pink leggings, creating large wet stains on her thighs.

Looking like she was using all of her strength, Moira began to pull her back up, inch by inch. Suddenly, a rocket crashed into the side of the cliff, not too far from the two. They remembered that Pharah was still there. Seeing the explosion, and feeling several little rocks pelt her body from it, Sombra then crapped her pants, as well. A loud brrrrRRRAAAAAAAPPPpppp sounded from her butt, as semi-solid, mushy mess spilled into her panties. It quickly grew in size, filling the space between her legs. Her panties began to sag a bit, and she could feel some of her mess find its way out of her underwear, and down her left thigh. It felt like she’d stuffed warm mud into her underwear, and she knew her formerly pink panties must look like it, too.

The wind began to pick up suddenly, almost unnaturally. The sounds of loud engines became apparent. Sombra thought that there was no way Pharah’s jetpack was that loud. Looking around, she spotted a Talon dropship approaching the balcony. The side door opened, revealing Widowmaker. She wasted no time in lifting up her rifle, and taking aim at Pharah. Seeing their sudden backup arrive, Pharah used her jets for all they were worth, and flew to the safety of the town as Widowmaker fired at her.

Sombra had been so preoccupied watching the show, she hadn’t even realized Moira had finally managed to painstakingly pull her back up. She fell forward, landing on top of Moira. Sombra quietly muttered “Oh, thank you thank you thank you thank you...”.

###

The three women stood as the dropship flew them home. There were numerous, comfortable chairs, available, but none of them were willing to sit down, considering they all needed to change. Over at a large communications table, Moira was informing Reaper of the mission’s success. Widowmaker had isolated herself (imagine that) and was simply cleaning her gun.

Sombra was leaning against a wall, and her eyes ran over the wet and messy pants of her companions. She didn’t even know what had caused Widow to lose control, but she’d done it just as much as Moira and she, herself had. Sombra was somewhat upset that she had gotten so close to breaking her wet/messy streak, only to lose it at the end, but she supposed there was some comfort in that she wasn’t alone.

And there was a little satisfaction in that Moira’s clean streak had rather decisively ended. Once again, though, she kept her mouth shut. The two had established a shaky peace, and she wasn’t about to ruin that.

Besides, she figured her time would be better spent cleaning up as much as possible before they returned to their base.

