HoloMess ~Crapping Wolf~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-02-19 06:36

Hello everyone, sorry it took so long, and sorry if there are any errors. The last week has been crazy, and writing has been pretty difficult for me. Anyways, here is my second story in my series on Hololive, this time focusing on Hololive Gamers' Ookami Mio. Just so you guys know, there is no explicit vomiting in this story, but events where the character had vomited in the past are referenced. Regardless, I hope you enjoy the story, and as always, let me know if you have any Hololive character you want to see in a future story.

###

Ookami Mio sat down in her chair, getting ready to set up her stream for the afternoon, staring at the item in her hands with dread. She generally didn’t like punishment streams to begin with, but she could usually bear it, whatever it was. This stream, however, would prove to be once again an embarrassment for her. She sent the item down on the table and read the contents aloud.

“Shin Black Noodles…”

She shivered as she set the contents down on her desk. She had never been good with anything remotely spicy. Any time she tried, her body would instantly respond by forcing her body to bring up everything in it. Several of these incidents were even captured on stream, leading to the coining of the nickname “Barfing Wolf”, a bastardization of her self-given nickname “Fucking Cute Wolf”.

“Why’d I agree to do such a dumb punishment?” She cursed herself for even bringing up the idea of a punishment stream to her chat. She knew what they were going to say, but let it happen nonetheless. But in the end, she acknowledged it was her own fault. She was the one who couldn’t beat Getting Over It in less than an hour. She saw all the other members do it just fine, but she let that false sense of security get the best of her.

The motherly wolf-girl had started her stream, showing a “Beginning Soon” splash screen with her opening BGM playing in it. After composing herself, she told herself, “You can do this! You won’t throw up this time!” Changing views to her webcam, Mio started off with her usual greeting.

“Good afternoon, everyone! Konbanmio~~~n!” She took a brief pause before continuing. “Today, we’re going to be doing my punishment stream,” she said, trying to look as enthused as one possibly could. The black-haired wolf looked at the chat, and in return received the exact comments she was expecting.

[Barfing Wolf incoming wwwww]

[Don’t throw up Mio 草]

[怖い～～～よ]

Sometimes she wondered if they actually wanted her to puke. Shaking off her thoughts, she began to pour the hot water she had set aside into the noodles to let them cook. As they started heating, Mio couldn’t help but feel a sense of unease, or rather pressure, on her stomach. “I’m letting this get to me way more than I should,” she thought to herself.

As the noodles absorbed the hot water they were steeped in, Mio’s room in turn became more aromatic with the smells of the spices which would soon ruin her day, was well as something else. The ramen was finally ready to eat, as was Mio ready to eat it. As ready as she could be, at least. She looked at her webcam and smiled, saying, “Well, looks like it’s ready. Here goes nothing…”

Slowly, she took the noodles between her chopsticks and brought them to her lips. As she took the first bite, she braced her body for the worst, constantly repeating the words “Keep it in” in her head. After swallowing, she gave her stomach a moment to let things settle. It didn’t hurt her or her trigger her gag reflex. In that moment, she let her guard down as she started to feel comfortable with eating the spicy noodles.

She hastily took a second bite, feeling more determined than before. As she started eating, she also started to boast, “See guys! This isn’t so ba- ugh!” As if right on cue, the spice hit her all at once. Mio felt herself stand up and bend over involuntarily. She felt an urge that was all too familiar coming from up from her stomach.

“No. I’m not going to vomit. Not this time.” The wolf-girl struggled with her own body, ignorant of anything else going on around her, and soon enough, she had won. After giving herself a minute to let herself calm down, she sighed in relief. She did it. She managed to keep herself from vomiting on stream.

“Thank god. Everyone, I kept it in!” she exclaimed proudly to her chat, much to their weirdly placed disappointment. Having been proud of herself, Mio proceeded to sit back down in her chair, only to be met with a feeling she’d never experienced before: a very warm, mushy sensation spreading against her butt. Her eyes shot open. “No way…,” she thought to herself, slowly reaching a hand behind her as to not alert her chat to what she had just done. Her hand had met the material of her panties. With a soft press against the material, she confirmed her worst fears.

“I pooped in my panties.”

A simple thought, but nonetheless an embarrassing one. In that moment, Mio panicked to herself. “What am I going to do?” she thought to herself. On one hand, she couldn’t end the stream out of nowhere, as it would raise too much suspicion. On the other, she couldn’t bear sitting in the mess she’d made for another moment. In the midst of her panic, she found a solution. Or at the very least, an excuse. It took all she had not to start bawling her eyes out as looked at the webcam.

“Sorry guys, but I think the noodles started making my stomach hurt a lot. Can you forgive me if I cut the stream early?” To her credit, she wasn’t entirely lying. She had put on her best cute expression and hoped chat would be sympathetic towards her.

[It’s okay, Mio-mama. Feel better!]

[You ganbattried your best!]

“Good, they bought it,” she thought to herself as she sighed. After saying her goodbyes and ending her stream, she got up and felt another pang in her gut. This time, she surrendered to the feeling, letting the rest of the contents of her bowels evacuate into the awaiting cotton undergarment. She cursed under her breath, saying “If messing myself is the alternative, I’d rather vomit all day.”

Once her stomach was completely calmed, Mio wasted no time getting to the bathroom, turning on the shower and getting her clothes off. As she took off her black underwear, she scrunched her face at the sight of the her messy behind, grossed out beyond belief as she noted that some of it even got on her tail.

“Well, I guess I’m glad I decided to wear panties today.”

After a long and thorough shower, Mio dried and clothed herself. Returning to her desk, she was quick to throw out the now cold ramen and do some various other cleaning. Once she finished, she situated herself back in her chair, checking the comments on the VOD of the stream. She was hoping to see something encouraging or at the very least see that her fans drew happiness from her suffering. Her hopes, however, died the moment she read the top comment, which left her both scared and confused at the same time.

[Crapping Wolf lol]

*002*2021-02-20 04:30

{{3 hours ago, deepAzure said:

You did Mio this time. Also I'm glad she's wearing panties in this cause the story would gone much differently if she hadn't.

}}

Yeah, I made sure to have Mio comment on that. Would've been a story not meant for this site if she decided not to.

