Babysitter: Roles Reversed (Wetting, Messing, Diaper story)

Author: livingbylies

*000*2012-08-26 03:41

Prefix: I didn't like how this turned out very much, but since it isn't very long and I wrote it using a friends idea, I thought I would post it up here anyways. So, enjoy it if you want, or don't, I won't be offended.

Note: This is a somewhat cliche short story, and contains Omorashi themes, as well as messing, diapers, and regression-based parts. If you don’t like these things, you can go suck a cock. (Bad humor there...)

“Sammy, are you coming down?” Nadine called, to her eleven year old daughter.

“In a minute, mom, I want to finish this part!” Sammy called back, from upstairs. She was playing on her XBOX 360, and about to finish the main quest for Skyrim.

“Come down here, Sammy, the babysitter is almost here!” Nadine replied, annoyed. Normal talk between the two of them, Sammy was always caught up with one video game or another, and mom was always busy getting her downstairs for one event or another.

“Fine!” Sammy called, annoyed but complaint. She couldn’t disobey mom, that always ended up with her video games being taken away. So, she paused, saved, and walked downstairs.

“Now,” Nadine said, sternly. “I don’t want this ending up like last time. I know you think you are too old for a babysitter, and you act out when we aren’t around, but me and your father just want to have a nice night and we can’t do that if we have to constantly worry about what you will get into while we are gone. Okay?”

“Fine,” Sammy said, with an eye roll. “Is that her?” she added, pointing out the window to the twenty year old red-head carrying a large square purse and walking to the door.

“Yes, it is!” The girl replied, throwing open the door, smiling. “I heard you through the window,” she added, setting down her purse. Then, Sammy realized what it was.

“Is that a diaper bag?” she realized, with annoyance. “Mooomm!!”

“Don’t worry, it’s not for you,” Sarah replied with a cheery smile. “I just always have it with me on babysits, force of habit I guess.” She plopped down on the couch. “Don’t worry, Ms. Lancaster, I will have your daughter all taken care of.”

Nadine Lancaster nodded with a smile, attaching her earings. “Thanks for coming on such short notice, Sarah.”

“No problem, any time!” Sarah said, grinning. Mr. Lancaster walked down the stairs in a suit, took his wife’s arm, and they were out on date night.

Part 2.

Ten minutes into the night, Sammy was already bored with checkers. “Can’t I go play video games?” she whined.

“Aw come on,” Sarah said, trying to cheer her up. “It’s my job to make you have more fun than ever tonight! You don’t want to play boring old video games!”

“Yes! I do!” Sammy pouted. “There is not a chance you can be near as fun.”

Sarah smirked, knowing she could cheer this girl up somehow. “Come on. There has got to be some way I can make you smile!”

“Well...” Sammy thought for a moment, pretending to have a sudden lightbulb idea, then shook her head. “Nah, you’d never do it.”

“Course I will!” Sarah said. “You name it, I will do it if it makes you smile.”

“You promise?” Sammy asked, with childlike innocence on her face.

“I promise,” Sarah replied.

“Can you, um, pee your pants?” Sammy asked, hopefully. That didn’t get the same reaction as before.

“What?!” Sarah said, with shock and surprise. “No way!”

“But you promised!” Sammy whined, looking disappointed. “I knew it, babysitters are all a bunch of liars.” She pouted again, playing on Sarah’s sympathy.

“Well...” Sarah paused. She had promised, though it was embarrassing... She shrugged, at least nobody would find out. She even had a change of clothes, since kids tended to stain a pair or two in the night. “I guess maybe... You mind telling me why that would make you happy?”

“I guess...” Sammy worked up some fake tears, pulling every heart string she could think of. “Um... At school I, uh... I occasionally have accidents, and everybody teases me a lot about it,” she lied, pulling out a fake blush to accompany the story. “And, I guess it would just make me feel better to know that even big, mature adult girls like you sometimes have accidents...” she said, selling the story perfectly.

Sarah paused. She felt so sorry for the poor girl, having to go through that at school every day. “Well, sweetie, I guess...” she said. “If it really means that much to you.”

“You really mean it?” Sammy asked, looking eager, fingering the camera phone in her pocket. (To only be used for ‘mergencies, according to mom and dad.) “Thank you so much, Sarah! You are the best babysitter ever!”

Sarah paused, taking a deep breath. She was going to go to the toilet pretty soon anyways, so that was fine. A change of clothes in her bag, good, the skinny jeans she was wearing she cared little about. She took off her shoes and socks, of course, and then looked down. Good, it was hardwood, no need to worry about staining the carpet. “Okay, since it mean that much,” she said. “Here goes nothing...”

Sarah closed her eyes and squeezed. It was difficult, over-coming eighteen years of potty training, but she managed. It started off a small trickle, the warm liquid staining her panties, then slowly worked into a stream, then a downpour. She blushed, having not had an accident in her pants since she was five, but kept her eyes closed. She could feel the stream of hot liquid staining her jeans, leaving obvious marks as it pooled around her feet. Finally, it was over.

“There...” she said, opening her eyes. “Like I promised. Do you feel better no...” She saw what was in Sammy’s hand, held up, Sammy’s eyes sporting a devilish glint.

“Say cheese!” Sammy said, taking a snapshot to show Sarah’s accident, along with her horrified expression. “Now, I already found your facebook page, so you are doing everything I say tonight!” She added. Victory! The manipulation was the hardest part, then the short struggle, then after that it was easy street.

“Hey! You little brat!” Sarah said, reaching for the phone. “Give me that!”

“Ah, ah, ah!” Sammy replied, holding it away and jumping on the couch. “One click and I send the photo to everybody you know. It would be a shame if my hand slipped!” She smirked, victoriously. Sarah reached, weakly, stopping, and paled.

“But... Bu... It was supposed to make you feel better!”

“I made that whole story up, moron,” Sammy replied, evilly. “You babysitters are always so freakin’ sappy. It’s easy to make you do what I want.”

“But...” Sarah was speechless. “What do you want?”

“A few things,” Sammy replied. “It’s nice to see you brought a diaper bag, that saves us a trip to the store, so let’s put down the ground rules: You can either spend the entire night in wet pants, sitting on the front porch, locked out. Or, you can put on a diaper and wear no pants, your choice.”

“No way!” Sarah protested, but Sammy already had this worked down to a science.

“There,” Sammy commented, hitting a button on her phone. “Half of your old high-school friends just got the photo. You want to push it and have your boyfriend find out?” Sarah became even whiter, if that was possible.

“No, don’t!” she yelped. Catching Sammy’s look, she added, “Uh... I don’t want to go on the porch.”

“Good, then it’s settled,” Sammy replied. “Take off your pants and your big girl underwear. No touching your diaper all night, understand?” Sarah nodded, still in shock. “Good. I want your lower half stripped. Then, we get you in a nice thick diaper.”

Part 3.

Stripping down took longer than expected, because Sammy (after confiscating Sarah’s phone, keys, and wallet,) let Sarah go upstairs and shower the urine off her legs. But, when she returned and lied down wearing only her bra and t-shirt, Sammy was malicious as ever.

“I have done this before, so don’t think you can escape,” Sammy ordered, glad to be in charge despite being nine years younger and a foot and a half shorter. She dumped a liberal supply of powder on Sarah, who yelped and pulled her legs back.

“No!” Sammy ordered, again. “Keep your legs forward, and spread apart as wide as you can get them without hurting yourself until I finish getting the baby in her diaper. You stupid babysitters, think you are so smart until a little girl like me outwits you, don’t you?” she asked. Sarah just nodded, mortified, as Sammy grabbed a diaper. Pampers, size 7, since Sarah was thin. In a matter of moments, the diaper was taped on around her waist. It was a bit of a stretch, but it fit.

Sarah, relieved, began to sit up, but Sammy pushed her down again. “I am not done,” she said, firmly. Sarah had to watch, mortified, as Sammy grabbed another diaper from the bag, this one for bedwetting teens. It was much thicker, since it was designed to last all night, and Sammy had retrieved two. Tape, tape, both were quickly attached, but Sammy was far from done.

By the time Sammy was finished, she had ransacked the diaper bag. Nine diapers in total were taped on, held together tightly by the last diaper, which had pink plastic panties pulled over it. Sammy had used increasing sizes until Sarah had no more that would fit.

“Hmpph, maybe we do need to go to the store after all,” Sammy commented, “I am not sure if it’s thick enough. Ah, whatever, you can stand up now,” she said, even though it was impossible for Sarah to stand with a foot thick of diaper padding between her legs, keeping them spread wide in a V pattern at their closest together, making it completely impossible to close her legs.

“Please...” Sarah begged. “Why do you have to do this?”

“I figure, if I screw up enough babysitters eventually my parents will stop hiring them,” Sammy replied, casually.

Part 4.

A few minutes after the diapering experience, Sammy had taken a dozen more photos at various angles to record this further humiliation. Then, she came up with a new, (as of yet un-tried) idea.

“Sarah, you are in luck,” she teased. “You get to try something new! I hope you are thirsty,” she added, walking to the kitchen. Sarah was left there, almost completely immobile, wondering what was going on until Sammy returned with a glass of juice. Or, more accurately, a jug of juice. Probably a half gallon, or a two-liter, judging by the size.

“If you drink it all before I finish Skyrim, you can go home,” Sammy explained. Sarah took it and tried it, almost gagging.

“What is it?”

“Two parts prune juice, one part cranberry juice,” Sammy replied. “Get a drinkin, I only have the final boss left.” And then, she left Sarah to sit there with her legs spread, and a tub of juice in her hands.

She managed to drink nearly all of it, to her credit, but two liters of juice doesn’t go down easily. Sammy returned with half a cup left, and Sarah spread out on the floor, moaning with discomfort. Sammy smirked, and began rubbing Sarah’s tummy.

Sarah shot up, reactively. “What are you doing?”

“Well I read somewhere that prune juice makes you go poo,” Sammy replied. “So I figured I might as well hurry things along. My parents get home in an hour, and by then I want your diaper to be nice and stinky. Don’t worry, if you are a good girl, I will take of four layers of diapers so you can walk, and then set it up so you will be able to take if off in a week.” Sarah paled again, by now not doubting that Sammy could do just that.

“You can stop rubbing my stomach,” she said, not risking trying to push the hand away. “It isn’t going to make me need to...” There was a loud gurgling. “... Crap...” Sarah said, realizing that it had worked.

Between the laxative effects of the juice and the gut massage, she now did need to poop. There was no stopping it, either, and in ten minutes she was curled up in a ball on the floor, racked with cramps as she tried to hold it in. That’s when Sammy butted in again.

“If you don’t mess your diaper in the next thirty seconds, everyone gets the photo,” she ordered. That made Sarah sit up, and finally push. Or, more accurately, just stop trying to hold it, natural order did the rest. What felt like a gallon, but was probably a lot less, pushed its way into her diaper, filling up every crevice of the uncomfortably tight mass of cloth. The stink filled the air, and Sammy giggled and took another photo.

“Good girl!” She said. She also noticed a hissing sound, and guessed that the act of messing must have triggered a natural wet, which was just fine by her. “Now, since you were so good, I will let you crawl around a bit,” Sammy said, tearing off four layers of diapers, but this time putting a small padlock on the plastic pants. Then, making it very obvious so Sarah could see what she was doing, she took the key to the padlock, dropped it in an envelope, and marked the envelope for ‘slow delivery’ before tossing it in the mail. As a show of good faith, she also tossed the memory card for her phone in, so Sarah would have all the evidence.

Sarah couldn’t have been more embarrassed. She looked like a toddler in a too-large t-shirt, smelled like... Well, like a soiled diaper, and was blushing redder than a rose. On top of that, she heard an engine roar into the driveway, and realized that Sammy’s parents were home.

Staggering to her feet, she managed a sort of waddling walk, looking for all the world like a toddler taking her first steps. She was going to try and hide, but only made it halfway through the living room before the door opened. Looking over the shoulder, she saw Mr. and Ms. Lancaster’s expression as they saw her, a tall thin college-age girl wearing an obesely thick diaper, obviously messed, obviously wet, sagging a bit, locked on, and the look of surprise, shock, and embarrassment on her face just like a toddler after an accident. Then, she heard some of the most embarrassing three words she had ever heard in her life:

“Not again, Sammy!”

*003*2012-08-27 23:15

Thanks. I don't like anything all too graphic, so I tend to write things like that. As a side-note in case you hadn't noticed, I am taking short story requests, which can be submitted here.

