Kotoko Iwanaga's Desperate Walk

Author: AJA

*000*2022-04-22 04:38

Kotoko Iwanaga’s Desperate Walk

This is my first fetish fanfiction in years, so please don't be too harsh if you have some criticism. I will accept criticism if you have it though. Kotoko is 19 years old for the record, I know she looks young, but she is a college student. Also, In/Spectre is a great anime that I highly recommend. Any who, enjoy this fanfiction.

19-year-old Kotoko Iwanaga was walking away from a mountain just after finishing solving an argument between two Yokai who were arguing about which one of them owned the top of the mountain. As the Goddess of Wisdom for the Yokai of Japan, it was no surprise that she would be called on to solve problems of all kinds, even petty ones like this. Kotoko took a break from walking to squeeze her thighs together, sighing in annoyance before continuing to walk away, heading to a street that led to a nearby town. The main problem with this request was beginning to show; Kotoko spent 90% of her time on the mountain listening to two Yokai argue like school children and spent her time listening to them while drinking tea. And all that tea was looking for a way out.

Kotoko continued walking up the sidewalk, with her cane tapping on the pavement in sync with her walking. Kotoko started breathing a little heavier as despite her stoic face, her bladder was beginning to pulse a little more and it was getting uncomfortable. Kotoko’s walk led her to a park, and from the open gates of the park, Kotoko saw a public bathroom close to the gates. Kotoko smiled to herself as she turned and walked into the park, shivering as she noticed a fountain right across the bathroom.

“Talk about interesting placement,” Kotoko mumbled to herself before walking over to the bathroom. Kotoko was sure that relief was in sight, but when she got to the door to the Women’s bathroom, she groaned in annoyance as she noticed an ‘Out of Order’ sign on the bathroom door. Kotoko briefly considered going into the Men’s room, but quickly shook her head, and walked back towards the entrance, with Kotoko’s bladder slightly spasming again when she heard the fountain despite her best efforts to ignore it.

“It’s not a big deal, I’m in town, and they’re probably plenty of bathrooms,” Kotoko told herself as she turned back on the sidewalk. Kotoko, however, didn’t take into account the fact that it was past 11 PM, and most public places were closed right now. After another ten minutes of walking, Kotoko’s breathing was getting heavier as she tried everything in her power to not hold herself in public. However, Kotoko noticed that a small store was open while walking, and quickly turned into the store and headed to the cashier.

“Excuse me, may I use your restroom?” Kotoko asked, getting to the point while rubbing her thighs together as another rough spasm rocked her body.

“You can, but you have to buy something first,” the cashier explained, pointing to a sign that said ‘Restroom for Paying Customers Only’. Kotoko looked at the counter to see something she could buy. Coming from a rich family, the price wasn’t really a problem, but she just wanted to buy something and get to the toilet. Luckily, Kotoko noticed a cute pink and purple little Bunny Ball, which she had been collecting since she was a little girl.

“Oh! I don’t have this Bunny Ball. I’ll take this,” Kotoko explained with a smile on her face, briefly forgetting about her bulging bladder. The cashier nodded and scanned the Bunny Ball before handing it back to her.

“OK, that’ll be one dollar,” the cashier said before Kotoko pulled out her purse and gave the man a dollar bill. Once she got the Bunny Ball and put it in her pocket, the cashier pointed to a door with a few people standing in front of it.

“There’s the bathroom,” the cashier said before Kotoko nodded in thanks before walking over and getting in the back of the small line that had formed in front of the bathroom.

‘OK, three people, that’s not bad. I can hold it that long,’ Kotoko said in her mind as she continued rubbing her thighs together while she waited for the line to go down.

Fifteen Minutes Later…

‘This is harder than I thought,’ Kotoko thought to herself again as, along with pressing her thighs together, she had begun shaking and sweating. Her fists were also balled up with as much force as she could muster to try and take some of the pressure off of her bladder. There was still one person in front of Kotoko, and the other person had been on the toilet for almost ten minutes. Kotoko tried looking around the store, hoping something would catch her eye enough to distract her from the pressing need, but so far, nothing was working.

‘Come on! Hurry up! I’m going to go all over my spring outfit!’ Kotoko exclaimed in her mind while glaring at the bathroom door. In a perfect example of good timing, the toilet in the bathroom flushed, causing Kotoko’s bladder to release a wave. Kotoko moaned quietly as the woman in front of her went into the bathroom, and as Kotoko was in the middle of praying for the woman in front of her to hurry up, she got a phone call. Kotoko grumbled in annoyance as she grabbed her cell phone, planning on just ignoring the call, but when she saw that her boyfriend, Kuro Sakuragawa was calling, she took a deep breath and responded.

“Hello? Oh, hello Kuro-Senpai…Yeah, I’m fine, I got those Yokai to get along…I’m on my way home…Huh? Oh, I’m fine, it’s just a little chilly outside.” As Kotoko conversed with her boyfriend while continuing to stem the contents of her bladder, another woman had just finished purchasing a few items and walked towards the bathroom. The woman inside the bathroom also had flushed and was in the process of washing her hands as Kotoko tried to end the conversation as quickly but also as politely as possible.

“OK Kuro, I’ll be sure to be safe…I have to get back to walking,” Kotoko continued as the bathroom became free, and the woman, noticing that Kotoko was on the phone, walked in front of the bathroom door. Kotoko then exchanged goodbyes with Kuro before hanging up the phone, and she looked shocked at the woman in front of her, who had opened the bathroom door.

“Hey! I was in line first, why’re you cutting in front of me!?”

“You were on the phone, that’s not my fault,” the woman said before going into the bathroom.

“Hey! I’m about to pee myself if you get back in line like you’re supposed to!”

“Well I’m about to shit myself, so I think my predicament is a little more serious than yours!” the woman called out as she started unleashing some diarrhea into the toilet. Kotoko growled and looked as though she was going to continue the argument, but started making her way out of the store, thanking the cashier on the way out for the Bunny Ball. At this point, the pressure on Kotoko’s bladder was too much and she started pressing her hand in between her thighs.

“Shit…I don’t know how much longer I’m going to last,” Kotoko whispered to herself as she walked back onto the sidewalk. While walking, Kotoko looked around her, trying to find any place that could possibly have a bathroom. Most of the buildings that Kotoko saw were closed, so she looked at an alleyway, thinking of just dropping her panties and peeing there. However, while she was thinking about it, Kotoko noticed a couple of lights coming from the apartment next to the alleyway, decided that it wasn’t worth the risk of getting caught with her panties down, and walked off.

“Fuck…,” Kotoko moaned as she was hit with another wave, pressing her hand even harder between her thighs. After another five minutes of walking, Kotoko noticed an apartment building that looked familiar to her. After a minute of thinking, Kotoko recognized this apartment as the home of Kuro’s ex-girlfriend, Saki Yumihara. Kotoko moaned as she felt pee almost leak out of her, and she decided to walk to Saki’s apartment room. Climbing up the stairs with a full bladder was hard, and she almost leaked a couple of times, but she made it to Saki’s floor. Kotoko steadied herself to the best of her abilities before walking over to Saki’s door and knocking on the door. Less than a moment later, Saki opened the door, looking confused at the Goddess of Wisdom in front of her.

“Kotoko?”

“Uh…hi Saki. What've you been up to lately?”

“Well, not much, but what’re you doing here?”

“I’m just going to level with you, I have to pee. Can I use your bathroom?” Kotoko asked as quickly as she possibly could while pushing her hands as hard as she could between her legs as the force of this wave going through her bladder was enough to bend her 90 degrees.

“Is it an emergency?”

“I literally have an ocean in my bladder right now! So yeah, I’d say it’s an emergency!” Kotoko yelled, her patience running seriously thin as she felt as though she was gonna spray like a fire hydrant. Saki chuckled a little at Kotoko’s outburst and the way she was hopping on her one good leg and decided to have a little fun with Kotoko before letting her in.

“I don’t know, that doesn’t seem like how you ask someone to use their bathroom, now does it?” Saki asked leaning against the doorframe. Kotoko started whining as she shook her head at practical hypersonic speed.

“I’m sorry. Please, let me use your bathroom, I really can’t hold it much longer!” Kotoko apologized, bending over again as she tried her best to keep the tidal wave at bay. Saki laughed before walking out of the doorframe, much to Kotoko’s relief, even if it wasn’t close to the relief she wanted to feel.

“OK, I was just messing around. Just go down the hall, and it’s the second door to your right,” Saki explained, pointing at the bathroom door. Kotoko nodded in thanks as she walked inside Saki’s apartment, her vision completely focused on the bathroom. After what felt like an eternity, Kotoko finally made it to the bathroom, opened the door, and she practically pissed herself at the sight of the toilet.

“Ah! No…no!” Kotoko exclaimed as she stopped the flow of pee, locked the door behind her, turned on the bathroom fan, and quickly started fumbling with her dress. After a moment of practically jumping up and down despite her prosthetic leg, she was finally able to keep her dress up, took her panties down, and ran over to the toilet. After taking several deep breaths, Kotoko fell on the toilet, her ass firmly planting itself onto the toilet seat. Kotoko took one more breath before she finally unleashed her torrent. As her stream hit the still waters of the toilet bowl, Kotoko couldn’t help but release a loud sigh of relief that almost rivaled the noise coming from the fan.

“Ahhhhhhh…Oh yeah…sweet relief…,” Kotoko moaned in pleasure as she released more and more urine into the toilet. Kotoko’s urine was as clear as the water in the toilet, and it just kept coming. Kotoko’s brain was temporarily out of commission as she finally got the relief that she had been waiting for what felt like hours. In actuality, Kotoko had been on Saki’s toilet for a couple of minutes, her stream not tapering down in the slightest.

“Mmmm…this feels so good,” Kotoko mumbled as she basked in the feeling of her bladder finally being emptied. After another minute of blissful peeing, her stream finally trickled down.

“Ahhhh…,” Kotoko moaned in relief before letting out a quick fart. Kotoko looked surprised as she let out another quick fart, causing her to sigh and look around as she had finally stopped peeing. Kotoko realized she must’ve been so focused on her bladder that she ignored her body telling her that she had to take a dump too.

“Well…since I’m here, I might as well,” Kotoko mumbled to herself before pushing. Once Kotoko started pushing, she immediately pushed out two small logs of shit that plunked harmlessly into the toilet. Kotoko let out an involuntary sigh as she pushed a third log that was slightly thicker and longer than the previous two. Kotoko, starting to get annoyed that the log wasn’t stopping, pushed even harder, to the point where her teeth were grinding and her face was turning red.

“Come…on! Why…won’t…you…get out!” Kotoko complained before after another minute of pushing, the third turd finally fell out of her ass and into the toilet, causing some splashback to come onto her ass. Kotoko almost jumped before one final turd shot out of her, and after pushing one last time, Kotoko smiled when she finally realized that she was empty. Kotoko sighed in relief before grabbing some toilet paper and wiping her ass and front with the paper. While she was wiping, Kotoko looked down at her panties to see if there was any damage, and to her chagrin, there was a small spot of pee in the center of her panties.

“Ugh. Well, at least that’s all it was,” Kotoko mumbled to herself as she finally finished wiping. Kotoko got back to her feet, pulled her panties back up, and flushed the toilet. Kotoko then put her dress back in place, walked over to the sink, and washed her hands, trying to keep thoughts of what would’ve happened if Kotoko didn’t make it to the toilet. After she was done washing her hands, Kotoko washed her face to clean the sweat off of her face before drying herself with a towel, grabbing her cane, turning off the fan, and leaving the bathroom.

“Ahhhh…much better. Thank you Saki, I really appreciate this,” Kotoko said as she walked to the front door while Saki was watching a movie on her TV.

“Don’t mention it, it’s nothing really.”

“It wasn’t nothing. If it wasn’t for you, I would’ve flooded my panties in front of everyone,” Kotoko explained causing Saki to chuckle.

“Well, in any sense, I hope you have a good walk back home, and tell Kuro I said hi.” Normally, Kotoko would be mad at Saki for talking about her ex like that, since Kotoko was now dating him and wanted her to be the only woman to have his eye. But, Saki did save Kotoko from making a giant mess in her panties and dress, so she couldn’t be too mad.

“No problem. See you around, Saki,” Kotoko said before leaving the apartment. As she walked down the stairs, Kotoko took the Bunny Ball out of her pocket, finally being in the right frame of mind to mark out about the fact she got the rare purple and pink Bunny Ball that she had been looking for since she was 10.

$

