Even Superheroines Have To Pee!

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-09-12 22:59

It was very early in the morning currently in New York City, where Carol Danvers lay fast asleep under the blankets. While she was asleep her bladder really wanted to excrete her waste that was from her hangover last night. Her body really was pushing for her to go to the toilet and to go pee, but if she’s out like light I don’t think she will actually know what the hell is going on. Underneath those sheets and blankets she was practically naked, Danvers was totally a nudist she loved going to bed naked and also loved to walk around Tony Stark’s mansion completely nude, which turned on many of her teammates such as Thor, Spider-Man and even Stark himself.

Anyway let’s get back to the story, her muscles started to relax and started to weaken. She really had to pee but being asleep she would not know the pain she endured while tucked nice and silently in her bed. Little drips started forming, which laid a damp circle on her pristine sheets and so this began her wetting.

A few minutes after Carol woke up and straight away noticed her desperate desire, Danvers grabbed herself as she got out of bed and waddled her way towards the bathroom. Captain Marvel as she was known as, had a love for wetting herself and sometimes messing herself, but today she didn’t feel accustomed to and therefore chose what any normal human being would do.

She immediately started to send off some squirts of pee that she couldn’t bare to hold it in, she was in so much pain as her desperation felt like someone was chocking her to death. Danvers made it to the bathroom door and opened it and straight away sat on the toilet and started peeing in seconds, she described the sight to being like a waterfall and as hot as the sun.

That was two days ago, today was the day that all the Avengers could go to the new Chinese restaurant that Black Widow was dying to try and to see if it’s better than their regular one. But what funny thing about their stories of being there, is Natasha (Black Widow) always contracts diarrhoea and has to go to the bathroom frequently and most of the times she doesn’t make it, because the bathroom is so far from the dining area. One of her more humorous diarrhoea stories is that time when she was completely tipsy and mistakenly took the kids gaming room for the bathroom and had a shit in the bin that was always sat next to the door.

After their basic duties of defending New York and the world from evil threats, they get ready to go to this new restaurant, by that time it was 5 pm and Stark booked it for 6:30. Carol Danvers looked incredibly sexy in her bright red dress that exposed her beautiful thighs, Natasha Romanoff wore a lovely white dress that also exposed her legs and so far Danvers and her looked as beautiful as angels. Then Scarlet Witch wore a very similar dress to Carol, but it was much tighter and she only loved it that way because she loved to play with herself when in desperation to pee, Wasp wore a dress that identical matched her super suit’s colours (black and yellow) and Gamora, Shuri and everyone else wore this dark blue dress that was all to tight on them, but decided to leave it like that to torture their bladders.

6:30 PM at the restaurant (Carol Danvers Wetting Part 1)

This new Chinese restaurant was so much bigger and looked more modern than their usual one, this was something Captain Marvel noticed upon arriving. Tony then had to get all the seating right and placed them in this order:

- Peter Parker sits with Shuri

- Thor sits with Carol Danvers and Brunnhilde (Valkyrie)

- Steve Rogers sits with Natasha Romanoff

- Bruce Banner sits with Wanda Maximoff

- Scott Lang sits with Hope Van Dyne

- Clint Barton sits with Mantis, Okoye and Gamora

And of course

- Tony Stark and his wife Pepper Pots

Although Stark thought that was an impressive team with him, he originally wanted the other remaining Guardians Of Galaxy members to come as well, but they were too busy and left Gamora here because she was so fascinated by Earth when she arrived her for the first time, which was just shy of two weeks ago. Brunnhilde was already in desperate need for the toilet and this being because she always gets drunk and always drinks very big helpings of alcohol. There she’s sitting right next to Carol and trying her best not let anyone watch her squirm. Underneath the table she has her legs swaying side by side and crossing them over to hold it in. However she doesn’t and wets herself without anyone noticing and luckily for she’s wearing a diaper, which is a little ritual she has become accustomed to because of her habit of getting pissed.

The waiter comes over to ask them what they want and Tony orders very classic Chinese food and soon after Stark buys some red wine for everyone to enjoy and yes I think Valkyrie goes a bit too overboard. As the food finally arrives after a long wait most of the girls are starting to get very desperate to pee from their drink, especially Pepper. As waiter places all the dishes down, Pepper is squirming in her seat and try so hard to hide it from her husband, now everything has been placed on the table everyone jumps in and helps themselves. By now Pepper can’t fake it anymore she’s really desperate now and she doesn’t want her husband to see her embarrass herself in front of her friends and complete strangers that are also here to enjoy the grand opening of this restaurant.

Although the thought of her hiding it from her husband was becoming more and more stupid to do as her brain remembered Tony being very turned on by her holds and even her accidents. So she whispers in her husband’s ear saying “Tony, I’m really desperate to pee”. And Tony replies saying “Honey that’s wonderful! Do you think you could hold onto it for a bit longer?” Pots says nothing but just nods her head in agreement with his question. Shortly after this Carol was the next victim to this and vigorously crossed her legs to maintain the inevitable flood inside of her. Although the pressure of force that was being reacted on her felt very nice and she knew it would cause an accident to occur, but did she really want to expose her passion for wetting herself in a room full of strangers that could humiliate her?

That was the big question that was facing, anyway she whispered to her friends saying “I’m just going to the bathroom.” Nobody replied back and the desperate hero walked to the bathroom and found the longest queue ever outside the ladies, it was even bigger than the lines she was used to back at Avengers Mansion. She grabbed herself as she waited and just by feeling her actual bladder she knew she was out of her mind, she was just close to 100%, she felt like she was 85% full sand she knew her time would eventually come.

As the line slowly became smaller and smaller, her bladder became larger and larger, which just made her even more embarrassed. When she was in the middle of the line her bladder felt like it was 99% she was on the verge of an accident and she god damn knew it, by now most of the girls couldn’t be bothered with holding and went to go other places to get rid of their waste, but the noises of their own desperation was so loud that the very thought of water could cause the strongest female Avenger to a accident.

She tried her best not to listen to the sounds of those girls urinating and also the restaurant was on the waterfront and looking at the river would torment her mind to wet herself. Now there was only four remaining in the line, but already Danvers has obtained a full bladder and by now the percentage for her bladder would be 102%, Captain Marvel just came up with a plan to go to the men’s and do her business there and so she did. She constantly checked if there were any men walking nearby that could stop her from completing her plan and the whole sneaking and checking thing really made her seem like a spy infiltrating their enemy’s hideout without being seen.

She opened the door of the men’s bathroom and then shut it so that no one could open it again and then she spotted the urinals which was something she was dying to try out and took her dress off to do so, but before she could let it out she heard a knock outside. It was a man who was desperate to pee and because Danvers was known for kindness used a proton blast to destroy the latch on the door to let him in and obviously before all this pulled her dress back on. She then quickly flew out the window just before the man could see her and found she was in a bushy area and pulled her dress off and immediately she started to pee before she even pulled her panties off. So she spent a long time weeing though her panties in between the grass, she felt so relieved that she did not embarrass herself in front of strangers that would make fun of her accident just like an accident she had while being trained in the arts of the Kree.

*001*2020-10-03 19:44

7:00 (Black Widow, Scarlet Witch And Pepper Potts)

Captain Marvel came back to the table from her embarrassing hold. By now Black Widow was aching to go to the bathroom, she completely restless while holding, luckily no one noticed. Natasha Romanoff was wearing a lovely tight black dress, which suited her characteristics because of her love for wearing very tight fitting clothes and also because of the fact she enjoyed to holding herself in tight clothes, she was a real weird character. As Carol appeared and she was the only one who could tell Nat was absolutely desperate and also Wanda next. As Nat started to notice Scarlet Witch’s desperation, she felt her body trying its best to have her soil herself, but she really wasn’t too keen on the idea.

She was getting fed up of this and had to stand up and publicly notify everyone on the table that she was going to the bathroom, by the same time Wanda Maximoff joined her to the bathroom. When they arrived at the so called ‘safe house’ they were astonished at the line for the toilet was also amazed at how many girls there were fed up in the line and gone to relieving themselves in the bushes.

The two desperate girls ran back to their table because they couldn’t be bothered to go. Nat went to sit back down and while Tony stood up to make a speech, Nat and Wanda were fidgeting and Carol was amazed how her friends did not even try to go somewhere else and decided to hold it in again. In the meantime time, when Tony finished his long speech Nat was loosing her battle, she already used her two squirts up and her body was ready for the accident to happen. All of a sudden Wanda brakes! She feels golden hot piss oozing out of her and could help to moan slightly and Carol sitting next to her was amazed at how much fun she was having and it reminded her of how much she enjoyed wetting herself.

The sounds of Wanda tormented Nat, but being a strong independent female she managed to keep it in, but shortly after this she couldn’t keep hold of it and the same thing occurred to her. As two girls already had accidents, one barely made it and which leaves a lot left to go....

By now Pepper was absolutely desperate to pee, she abided by Tony’s rule to hold it in, but she could not hold anymore in. She whispered to her husband to notify him of her urge to pee and he flat out said to her “no”. Even though she loved holding her urges in normally, she was reluctant to do so here because they were in front of many strangers and she really didn’t want to totally embarrass herself. As she agreed to Tony’s law she kept her desperation a secret. In a few minutes later, Mrs Potts started to forcefully grab herself to hold it longer and Tony enjoyed looking at her fidget and how she grabbed herself was so hot.

Tony Stark was absolutely turned on as he saw his wife become more and more desperate to pee, as she retained her strength to endure more into her body she was also turned on by the situation as this was the fullest she ever was and this was even sexier than her try to hold it all night challenges and most of the times a wet bed was the result. Unlike Widow, Potts wore a flowing black dress with red patterns on and was actually getting very tight on her now, but the dress isn’t meant to be tight fitting.

By now she held very tightly and firm as her body was getting a complete workout through her ordeal, Stark watched the whole thing, he just adored the concept of his wife, Pepper Potts absolutely desperate to pee and also the idea of forcing her not to go and usual ends up having an accident because of her small bladder. She was just getting to the stage of being on the verge to having a accident, which immediately turned the minds on for her and her husband. She started pleading him to let her go, although this was designed to faked because she adores wetting herself. Of course the response is no and she holds more in and she would repeat this over and over and it’ll be the exact same take each time (May I please go/response = no). At 7:39, Pepper could not simply endure anymore and Stark handed her a cup and said “go in it.” And let out a cheeky grin.

As Mrs Potts pulled her panties down, she could feel the cold air breeze trying to cause her to go, but it didn’t. She positioned it very close to her pussy and waited for it to happen and not so long later it flowed out she watched how her golden shower rained like a waterfall and was astounded by how it went into the cup, most of her other times she did this she would always miss, but it was usually in a long car trip. The cup quickly became over full and which made her drop it on the floor and let the remaining piss drench the carpet on the floor much like Nat and Wanda’s wetting.

Thor watched at how Valkyrie went through my beers and couldn’t help but imagine how she feeling and how she could have an accident in any minute...

To Be Continued...

*002*2020-10-17 19:14

The next female Avenger to endure this pain was Valkyrie and she was getting really desperate after those beers she’s been drinking. This is not an disaster that she just accidentally got and had to suffer to hold it in so that she couldn’t get any media buzz over her ‘accident’, which would have led to her to get made fun of and which probably would torment her into step down as a superhero to escape the media. This story of Valkyrie being desperate isn’t a first time thing, but it’s rather a recurring theme, but in those scenarios that’s really displayed in those other times this theme was played in would always end in her wetting herself and that end was out of the question here.

At this time, Thor, who she was sitting next to started to notice the young woman in dire need for the bathroom and that turned him on. When they both meet on Skaar many years ago, Valkyrie had the biggest crush on the God of Thunder and that led her into trying to love him and it’s actually going very well if you ask me, even Thor has a crush on her now.

She slid her hand under the table to form a better way to contain her magnificent flood within her. A few minutes have passed, her bladder already reached full capacity and was starting go over her limit and she was having immense pain struggling with her overfilled bladder. She couldn’t take this anymore and had to ask Tony if she could be excused to go to the bathroom and he granted her to go. This turned Thor on more as she must’ve had so much in her waiting to gush out of her and which led him into following the poor girl to the ladies.

“Hello Valkyrie!” Thor said beamingly. This sudden occurrence scared the living daylights out of her and almost caused her to fear wet herself. “Thor! You fool I could have had an accident by now if I didn’t control it.” The God of Thunder spoke no word after this and just stared at her legs swaying from side to side and how she was gripping her crotch to hold it in. He was liking what he was seeing and he couldn’t wait until the so called ‘fireworks’ or ‘explosion’ had occurred. As this awkward scene still played off, Valkyrie tried to escape it by running straight for the ladies which wasn’t too far from here. Once she entered she was safe to go comfortably, but before she could go she permanently locked the door to enter. She hated the fact that her crush was playing the role of an unwanted guest following her every move just to watch her to see if she wets herself or not.

However, Thor managed to catch up with her here and walks over to the bathroom door and finds it locked and realises the only way to see Valkyrie was by getting in there by a weird way, presumably through the window, like what Jane Foster would do if she was very desperate to go. At the exact same time his crush was stripping from the waist down and by now her pussy was exposed and she knew if he saw her like this, he would be so delighted to see it. Now just to let you know Valkyrie always never closed the toilet stall doors in any bathroom she’s been and this is because on Asgard the toilets (which was basically a golden pot) was open and had no privacy.

Anyway, as soon as young Brunnhilde was about to let her flood out and she hears a whoosh! She turns to see what the hell made that noise and there she spotted Thor, staring at her as if he’s going say “Get on with it” as reference to her swelling bladder. However he doesn’t speak, but blankly stares at her and then Brunnhilde decides to go as if her crush isn’t even present and rather pretend he isn’t here.

As she cleared her mind, it started to happen! A powerful stream shot out of her, it raged like thunder and lightning and overall it felt great. A few minutes later she opened her eyes and was finished in doing her embarrassing duty, she ran straight to Thor and hugged him and said to him “Now that you’ve seen how naughty I am regarding to this subject, I’m letting you have complete control over my bladder and can force me to what ever you feel like. For example if you wanted me to wet my yoga pants, my panties, bed wetting, etc I will do it for you as I love you deeply! Let’s go back to the table and later tonight I could start our little secret early.

To Be Continued...

*004*2020-10-31 20:00

8:00 - 9:30 Gamora and Shuri

Valkyrie arrived back at the table with her boyfriend, possibly her husband Thor. As soon as Valkyrie sits down Gamora’s first signs start to appear, after drinking that big glass of red wine she’s become so desperate to pee. She can’t take it anymore and asks to be excused as she’s now pardoned, she better run quickly. Gamora starts running frantically and in doing so she trips and is out for a while. Just then she awakens, she gets up and realised she’s already pissed herself, her little dribble warnings had already taken place and resulted in to “playing for the big stuff”meaning she’s gambling on her bladder and doesn’t have any small leakages to remind her to hold, she was basically playing with herself - trying to not humiliate herself in public.

She spotted it right out there in the middle of knowhere, as she starting reach the bathrooms her mind played past wettings of her and replayed a wetting she did not like to do and that was when she powdered herself in bright blue jeans while in her room of the Milano. As she sighed upon arrival at her destination she grabbed herself and opened the door... to a very eerie feeling bathroom, the lights didn’t work properly and the toilets smelled like shit! She raced into which ever and sat down after pulling her clothes off, hissssssss! Her fountain started to flow it hit the toilet very hardly and she moaned in response to the loud hissing. Gamora snapped out of her enjoyment to get back to camp.

Once arriving back she felt changed and obviously more refreshed. As she went to sit back down, Shuri the Princess of Wakanda was the latest victim to have to go the bathroom. She instantly retreats drinking all that wine and only picks up on the fact that she’s completely drunk. She quickly asks to be excused, but by being drunk her body wants her to humiliate herself but Shuri definitely did not want to do that. Her bladder started to fill up rapidly and she knew she better find the toilets, she so astounded when she realised that the walk to the bathroom was longer than expected. She walked down the steeps with her legs crossed and had her thighs bent to hold more pee in. The Princess was wearing very tight fitting clothes and that didn’t react to well to the situation she was in.

Shuri’s bladder by know was starting get overfilled and would cause detrimental damage to herself and even cause her to humiliate herself, although where she was had no tables and chairs and one was here in sight. Being the naughty girl she was she let go and purposely leaked herself, oh yeah that something you should get to know, Shuri wasn’t like the other girls she loved wetting herself and most of the time was purposely wetting the bed. Another thing none of women from Wakanda ever enjoyed doing what she loves, well it was due to the fact that at the time her fetish began Wakanda had very little bathrooms and it was considered normal if you had an accident.

Anyway she walked a few more kilometres down to the bathroom, by now her bladder was completely overfilled and she could feel her body push it way out of her body and caused it to sprinkle down her legs. She made it to the bathroom and opened the door instantly and tried to turn the lights on, but nothing was happening, although the moonlight was bright enough for her to see somewhat clear. She immediately started to unbuckle her red skirt it flowed to the floor, now all she had to do before being able to sit down and release was to pull down her damp light blue panties down.

As she was about to start stripping down, her volcano erupted in which she watched as her light blue panties became saturated into dark blue and quickly pulled her skirt off her feet so that they didn’t get stained. She watched intently as a big puddle formed around her, she was too late and she probably knew she wasn’t going to make it because of how drunk she actually was. The smashed Princess continued for long time, which was often very rare from Shuri and once she was finished a massive puddle lay on the floor, her panties were completely soaked that she went commando the remainder of this outing, anyway she returned to the table and thought to herself “Which of my friends should I make have an accident like me?” She turned to look at Carol and thought to do it on her, what could possibly go wrong?

To Be Continued...

