The Moonlit City

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2021-10-31 18:48

Hey, I actually managed to finish this in time for Halloween! This is part 1 of a new story with all sorts of spooky, scary, horror themes. Quick thing to note: the story will feature both male and female accidents, both wetting and messing. All characters are adults.

Happy Halloween! I hope you all enjoy!

The world lived in fear of the ever capricious Blood Moon, and the horrors it brought with it. In fortunate times, the Blood Moon would set, and would not rise again for months, or even a few years. In the most forsaken of times, it rose weekly. When its crimson light touched the world, madness and paranoia filled the streets, and beasts rampaged unchecked. Frightful rumors said that one day, the Blood Moon shall rise, and it shall never again set; and all mankind will be lost in a tide of insanity and savagery.

But despite all the terror it brought, there are none less fortunate than those born under the Blood Moon, condemned to battle the shadow until their last breath.

Chapter One: The Barony

Sylvia shivered. Through the great, iron-wrought gate she beheld Tarsa, a massive city with a grand castle built atop a hill at its center. Around it, staggeringly tall monasteries and spires rose to meet the sky. And behind them all, casting the entire city in a bloody silhouette, was the Blood Moon. The chill in the air was not what bothered her, rather the knowledge of what the streets of the city would be like. She’d been to towns and villages afflicted by the curses before, but never such a large city. She shuddered because she could not help but imagine the sights she’d seen in smaller settlements magnified and multiplied in this enormous place.

She would find no friends in Tarsa, although that was hardly unusual. Sylvia was a Pariah, someone born under the light of the Blood Moon. She could withstand it, and was able to battle the monsters it brought forth, although it meant that most people saw little difference between herself and the nightmares she contended with. She would be alone, fighting for her life, terrified out of her mind, for days.

She took a deep breath, and shoved the great gate open.

Even the outskirts of the city were very dense, with tall buildings and cramped streets. Sylvia placed a hand on the sword at her hip, ready for anything, as she strolled by the houses. Some were boarded up, others weren’t, others had been deserted. She could hear people inside some of the houses, some crying, some praying. Some laughing. She hated it- the sound of mad laughter. It always disturbed her.

There were footsteps close by, but no one would be foolish enough to wander the streets during the Blood Moon. It was no human that walked near, of that much she was certain. She briefly closed her eyes, willed her instincts to take over, and rounded a corner to face the first of many adversities.

Awaiting her was a large, mangy hound, big enough to subdue and devour a man. Judging by the blood caking its mouth, it had already done so. To most, a deadly beast; to Sylvia, however, it would be a warm-up. The thing barked and snarled, and lunged for her. With preternatural swiftness, She drew her sword and ran the hound through in mid-air. She flung its body to the side. Glancing down at herself, she looked to see if she’d managed to keep the thing’s foul blood off of herself, and was pleased to see her brown longcoat and black trousers were clean. Of course, Sylvia knew full well that her clothes would be soaked in blood and piss before the long night was over.

A bark in the distance, another hound. No one knew where the monsters came from. Some people thought that crazed humans turned into them, or that they descended from the crimson moonlight. Sylvia was confident they were just born in the shadows during a Blood Moon. She moved to put the fiend down before it could do any damage. It was the same breed as the previous one, and it died just the same- leaping for the huntress, only to be skewered and thrown aside.

In a way, Sylvia wanted the more dangerous beasts to hurry up and ambush her. She effortlessly and stoically did away with the runts, but waiting for the real threats to arrive was agony. For her, the anticipation of pain was always worse than the pain itself. Can some winged terror or colossal wolf-man descend upon me, already?

Another bark, snarling and furious. It would be a long night.

Time was muddied and difficult to measure under a Blood Moon. Even for someone who was mostly immune to its effects, Sylvia didn’t know just how long she’d been in Tarsa. A couple hours was her best guess, and thus far she’d only seen the least of what the night had to offer. Death hounds and scary noises in the distance. She was beginning to grow nervous. But when “normality” finally came, in the form of a woman screaming for help as a madman was about to kill her, Sylvia’s focus became razor-sharp, and she sprinted to them with unnatural speed.

The woman, who looked to just be some ordinary citizen, had fallen to the ground, as a hunched man wearing an executioner’s hood approached her with an axe. In the split second before she intercepted the killer, Sylvia noticed a puddle spreading underneath the woman, sending tendrils of steam into the night air. The huntress came to a stop between the two, hearing an animalistic grunt of surprise from the killer. He hefted his axe, and swung for her neck.

Slightly more on-guard than she was with the hounds, Sylvia drew her sword and parried the hit, gauging the danger. The madman had been given quite a gift of strength, rivaling her own. She was fortunate then, that he was sloppy, uncoordinated, and quite insane. He struck out again, sending furious slashes at her. Strong and deadly though they were, the killer’s mad rage could not compete with Sylvia’s calm precision. With each dodge and parry, she was getting closer, until finally she had studied her opponent enough to place her attack. One final parry, and in an eyeblink, her sword was buried to its hilt in the man’s chest. He gurgled, and collapsed, as Sylvia let him slide off of her sword.

She didn’t wish to frighten the woman any further, so Sylvia was careful to sheathe her sword before approaching. The citizen was still sitting in her now cold puddle of urine. She slowly looked up to meet Sylvia’s gaze. “Are… Are you going to… ”

“I’m not going to hurt you, miss,” Sylvia answered, in her somewhat low, boyish voice.

“But… Aren’t you moonborn?”

“I am.”

“You’re not gonna k-kill me for being outside?” She asked, in disbelief.

“I do not plan to,” Sylvia answered, matter-of-factly. She was accustomed to the rumors and superstitions. “Is your home far from here?”

“Uh, no ma’am! It’s right there, I only came out because I heard someone calling… ”

“People driven to madness by the Blood Moon often call out to lure victims to them. Go inside, and stay inside. And change your clothes.” Sylvia’s eyes drifted down to the tepid puddle, and the stain that had soaked into the woman’s dress. For the first time, she looked down and noticed her bladder’s failure.

She blushed and buried her hands between her thighs, “Oh. Ah, I-”

“Go,” The huntress commanded. The woman obeyed, scurrying inside and flinging a trail of droplets behind herself.

The encounter had confirmed to her that things were as bad as she feared, and only going to get worse. Madmen being strengthened by the Blood Moon was a terrible indication of things to come. She found herself hoping that another moonborn or two would arrive to help purge the city, but she was rarely so fortunate.

More screaming in the distance, more madness and beasts. She took a deep breath, and ran towards the sound.

Chapter Two: A Soothing Voice

Through confusing, indistinguishable days, hours, or minutes, Sylvia continued to offer battle to the crimson light. She rounded a corner to find a pack of death hounds, and had to carefully dodge each bite as she took them out, one by one. She found another madman, this one armed with a spear and wearing a sack cloth over his head. He went down after a few parries. Though each encounter was growing deadlier, she had not even broken a sweat, and not enemy had come close to hurting her.

But when she heard that terrible, dreadful screech, her blood ran cold. She knew that her stoic expression was broken by a brief look of fear. She had heard cries like that before. The thing that made them was a true monster among monsters. Though she wished very dearly not to, she took off running towards the origin of the howl. If she did not kill it then, she would not be able to kill it later.

Dashing through gothic structures and grim alleys, she found herself suddenly in an open courtyard, with pleasant trees and flowers blooming happily, apathetic to the doom around them. At the far end of the courtyard stood a tall woman, wearing a lovely dress in hues of red and black, and holding a pink parasol above herself. The courtyard was built overlooking a lower section of the city, which the woman seemed transfixed by.

So much so, that she did not seem to notice or care about the massive werewolf that was preparing to attack her. The creature was the stuff of nightmares and myths, at least three times the size of a man, and far stronger than it looked. Sylvia’s legs trembled lightly, her mouth went dry. Any beast could frighten her, but she had felt the wrath of werewolves before, and they terrified her. The beast became wise to her intrusion, and spun around with a snarl. Its mouth was not like a wolf’s, but more like a shark’s- with many rows of needle-like fangs, covered in blood. The black pits that functioned as its eyes locked onto her, and it howled- deafening and horrifying. She fearfully drew her sword, and gritted her teeth. Behind the monster, the strange woman had turned, and now watched them, instead.

The werewolf charged forward, delivering a bone-shattering swipe of its massive claw as it moved. Sylvia dodged out of the thing’s way just in time, but just the gust of wind that followed the attack nearly knocked her down. Werewolves grew in size and strength as they killed and fed, and this one had fed quite a bit. With feral speed and cruelty, it swiped again, and again, with Sylvia’s dodges becoming narrower each time. Its body went low to the ground, its gargantuan paws pulling it forward very swiftly. Its great maw opened, the teeth promising a slow and painful death, chomping and gnashing. She could not retreat for long before it caught her, and so delivered a slash across its nose when it was close enough.

The beast reeled, howling in pain. It stood on its hind legs, one paw clutching its injured snout as it howled into the night sky. She used the opening, and ran to its side, slashing open one of its back legs. The pained howling intensified, but then the beast decided to use the pain to fuel its assault. Before Sylvia could react, it hit her with a powerful swipe of the back of its paw. To someone weaker than herself, even that likely would’ve been fatal. She flew through the air, colliding with a wall and sliding to the ground. She slumped over onto her right side, lying on the ground.

She was in a great deal of pain, and her body did not heed her brain’s demands to get back to her feet. She became aware of the sensation of her bladder emptying, and a creeping warmth between her legs. Her pants were rapidly saturating with her piss, which spread across her right thigh. It ran down both the front and back as she lay on her side, creating a spreading pool on the cobblestone below her. She was sure that her coat was being stained with her water, as well. No, I won’t die like this, pissing my pants like a coward…

Mustering her strength, she forced herself upright once again. She stood back up, not minding that the last of her urine was still flowing out of her, allowing a little of the wetness to slip down her left thigh, and prepared to resume the fight. The werewolf had been approaching her slowly and cautiously, not wanting another slash across its nose. With startling agility, it abandoned the careful approach, and lunged for her with both of its forelegs. With the wall behind her preventing her from dodging away, she instead slid under the giant claws, cutting the beast’s belly as she ducked between its hind legs, and emerged behind it.

It reared back, turned around, and swiped low. She jumped back, but the werewolf’s claws struck the dirt and stone, sending up a cloud of pulverized earth. In less than the span of a heartbeat, the silhouette of its mouth appeared in the cloud, then emerged on Sylvia’s side of it, bellowing out an unholy roar as the twin beds of needles it called a mouth surged for her. She tried to react, swinging her sword, but she couldn’t even raise it in time. Before it could deliver the decisive blow, a parasol, thrown through the air like a javelin, impacted its eye. Black blood sputtered out, and it began thrashing and throwing itself around in a mad frenzy.

Sylvia was standing there dumbstruck, still catching up to the fact that she wasn’t dead. She felt a weight forming in her underwear, and then the sound registered with her. She was loudly soiling herself. She could feel her mess steadily filling her wet panties, spreading across her backside when it met the resistance of her pants.

But there was no time to concentrate on her incontinence; by the strange woman’s miraculous intervention, Sylvia had an opening. Her slackened grip on her sword tightened back up, and she charged the beast, Paying no mind to the mass in the seat of her underwear that swayed with each step. The werewolf was once again howling into the sky, standing “upright,” as it were. Instead of going for one of its legs, Sylvia this time chose to jump into the fur of its chest. She stabbed her sword into it for leverage, and climbed higher. When she could reach the space where she reckoned its heart ought to be, she began furiously stabbing and stabbing, plunging her sword as deep as it would go. The monstrosity’s howls grew faint and choked, and it finally slowed. It reached for her, and Sylvia ripped her sword out and jumped off of it. It tried to follow after her, but fell to the ground, still at last.

Sylvia was breathing hard, a rarity for the moonborn. The beast was dead, and she was not. She supposed that’s all she could’ve asked for, feeling the chill wind against her wet trousers. She stared at the werewolf’s body for a long while, until approaching footsteps reminded her that she was not alone.

“Are you unharmed, madam?” The strange woman asked, stooping to retrieve her parasol. She spoke with an accent Sylvia had trouble placing.

“I should be asking you that,” The huntress replied quietly, breathlessly.

The woman smiled faintly, very faintly, “I am just fine. You have done well, madam.”

It wasn’t that her accent was difficult to place, Sylvia realized, but that her manner of speaking was abnormal. It was slightly stilted, and the words were oddly paced. Even so, they seemed sincere, “Thank you. Is your home far from here?”

“Yes. Very far. Why do you ask?”

“You should head home. I can see you safely there. Most creatures of the Blood Moon won’t be able to enter your home unless they’re invited, so you’ll be safe there.”

The woman stepped closer, still smiling faintly. So close, Sylvia could see that she towered over the huntress. Sylvia was not a short woman, but the stranger before her stood a full head taller. Her pale face had smooth features, and her black hair was tied into an elegant bun. “You are kind to offer, but I do not think we will reach my home,” She said.

“Who are you?” She asked with trepidation. She was getting the sensation that this woman might not have been entirely sane and natural.

“Ah!” The woman seemed surprised by the question, as if she hadn’t expected to have to give her own name, “... Mary. Call me Mary.”

“All right, then,” Sylvia began, “Mary, You need to find somewhere safe. I’ll be killing these creatures for as long as I can. Right now, this city is no place for someone like you.”

“Oh, moonborn, you speak bravely,” The mention of her bravery brought the sensations of her cold, wet, and quite full trousers to the forefront of her mind, “But there is no need for that.”

“No need for what?” Sylvia’s patience was thinning, “For you to be safe, or for me to kill the monsters?”

Mary set her hand gently on the huntress’ shoulder, “For you to pretend. I see that you are afraid, in pain. You do not need to pretend that you are not.”

“... It threw me against a wall. It was natural to have… lost control of myself,” She blushed as she defended her wetting, assuming that’s what the other woman was referring to.

“You have done so very well, madam. Be proud of that, not ashamed of unimportant failings,” Mary’s voice, even as strange as it was, was so very soothing. And her words… She hadn’t once berated or expressed fear of Sylvia for being a moonborn.

“What are you saying?”

“That they have asked so very much of you, and you have already given more than that.”

“Do you… truly mean that?”

Her smile deepened, “I do, madam huntress.”

Sylvia didn’t know how to respond; no one had ever said anything so comforting to her, before. “What do you want from me?”

“Hm? Do you think I only wish a favor from you?”

“Why else would you try to befriend a moonborn?”

She paused, collecting her thoughts for a moment. She did not speak first, but rather embraced Sylvia in a gentle hug. The huntress initially tensed in alarm, but calmed down quickly. “You must have seen such hardship, to think even words of kindness will be used to hurt you.”

She knew it had to be a ruse, a trap of some kind, but Sylvia was overwhelmed by the embrace, and the reassurance. She had never met anyone who wanted to bring her comfort and kindness. Even knowing that soon enough, the trap would be sprung, Sylvia wrapped her arms around Mary, content to enjoy the human connection for as long as she could pretend it was real. Tears brimmed in her eyes, and she felt her exhaustion catching up to her.

In the arms of this stranger, Sylvia felt herself fading into unconsciousness, certain that once her eyes closed, they would never open again.

And thus, once lucidity had returned to her, her surprise was palpable. She was alone, in the living room of an unknown home. She was lying upon a cot beside a lit fireplace, pleasantly warm and feeling rested. She inspected herself for damage, but found nothing beyond the welts and bruises she had received from the werewolf. More pressingly, she was dressed only in smallclothes, with her huntress outfit folded neatly beside the cot. Bracing for embarrassment, she groped at her backside, searching for the bulge of her soiling and the urine-soaked fabric, but found nothing of the sort. She was clean.

She pushed her folded coat aside, and lifted up her black trousers. Holding them against the fire’s light, she could make out the slightest hint of a stain, and she thought that she could possibly smell something about them, but they were otherwise quite clean. Her sword had been placed into its scabbard and left beside her clothing, as well. She set about dressing herself hastily. She was already ashamed at having voided herself, and then had to contend with the shame of taking a nap during a Blood Moon.

I’m a miserable excuse of a huntress, she thought scornfully, as she slid her trousers on, happy to not feel the earthy sensation of her own mess pressed against her.

Approaching footsteps, once again, and Mary appeared in the room. “Oh, madam huntress, are you feeling any better, now?”

“Where are we?”

“An empty house in the streets of Tarsa. We are safe, here.”

“Did… did you clean me and my clothes?”

“I did. You were wet, and you had soiled yourself badly. I did not want for you to have to again endure that shame when you woke.”

“I’m… perfectly aware of the fact that I lost control of my bowels and bladder, Mary,” She said in annoyance, “But still, thank you. You’re right, it was nice to… not wake up to it.”

“Would it bring comfort to you if I did the same?”

“You did?” Sylvia’s eyes widened in surprise. She hadn’t noticed if Mary had fouled herself, but she supposed it wasn’t impossible, “Uh, I suppose that it does bring me comfort, yes.”

“Very well, then,” Mary responded, closing her eyes. Her body tensed for a moment. Sylvia watched her in confusion, then the sound of hissing filled the room. A splotch of wetness darkened the fabric of her red dress, in front of her legs. From the hem of the skirt, streams and droplets fell to the ground, as puddles emerged around her feet. There was a light crackling, and the smell that graced Sylvia’s nose confirmed that Mary had voluntarily soiled herself, as well. “Now the shame can be shared.”

Sylvia took a step back as the pool of urine nearly touched her boot, and looked at Mary, completely befuddled. “Mary, that’s not… Why did you… Now we’ll have to clean your clothes, too! I- I need to be back out there, fighting! I don’t have time for… this.” She was certain, then, that the crimson moonlight had driven Mary mad.

Mary chuckled, as faint as her characteristic smile, “Ah, madam huntress, it will take no time at all to clean,” She slowly waved her hand over the urine stain on her dress, and the both of them watched as the fabric returned to its normal, un-pissed state. Although, like with her own trousers, Sylvia thought she could see the faint outline of a stain. Mary slowly passed both of her hands in a circle around herself, and the puddle on the ground dissipated, as did the unpleasant odor from the mess in her underwear.

“... Mary,” Sylvia began, after a long silence, “You aren’t human, are you?”

Before she even spoke, her face gave it away, “Indeed not, madam huntress.”

Sylvia’s mind was blank, she had no idea what to do about a creature like Mary- she’d never encountered anything like her. “I… I don’t want to have to hurt you, Mary. I don’t know what you might be, but if you stay here, then I can resume my duty as a moonborn, and I can claim that I never saw you.”

“You wish to return to the horror and violence outside already?”

“The Blood Moon has been out for a while already. I have to fight the things it spawns before they become too numerous to stop. When the Blood Moon ends, the city has to be safe enough for everyone to emerge from their homes.”

“Oh, but madam huntress, don’t you see? There is no need to hurry,” Mary began, with a sympathetic look upon her face, “This Blood Moon will never end.”

Chapter Three: Spirit of Discovery

The official reason for William’s visit to Tarsa was to study at their robust libraries. And while this was not a lie, strictly speaking, it most certainly was not the whole truth. He had read the omens, the signs in the stars, and he knew that Tarsa would be the epicenter of a Blood Moon- where its effects were strongest and its monsters deadliest. William thought he was clever. He had tried to warn people, but few believed him. He settled instead on preparing himself for his experiments.

A number of reagents, blended together and boiled, produced a potion that he believed could inoculate someone to the madness of the Blood Moon. But then, the moonlight had come so much sooner than expected, and William discovered that he was not a brave enough man to step outside the safety of his dwelling and test his potion. Now, it was all he could do to watch from his room in the apothecaries’ tower, looking out the window at the city below, as chaos and destruction engulfed the land.

He shook in fear as he beheld giant beasts being birthed from the shadowed places between homes, What was I thinking?! That I could convince everyone?! That I would be safe enough to step outside?! William was a thin man, a little on the short side, and far from being the image of physical fitness. He was not at all qualified to face the horrors that surrounded him. All at once, his plan had gone from genius to profoundly stupid, and he was left wanting to curl up on the ground and wet himself. He had no food in his room, and the Blood Moon could well last long enough that he would starve if he didn’t leave. And of course, if he was wrong, and his potion didn’t work, then stepping out into the crimson moonlight could cause him to lose his mind.

No… No, I’ll just wait here for rescue. He went to lie down on his bed, but stopped, and grabbed his flintlock pistol, placing it on the nightstand, first. He lied down, on his back, with his hands on his chest. Only then did he notice that they were shaking terribly. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, willing himself to ignore the howling, screaming, and ethereal wind that flowed in through the window.

So focused was he on ignoring the sounds outside, that he did not notice the sound of claws penetrating the stone walls of the tower, climbing closer and closer. Not until the thing climbing had nearly reached his window. His heart practically stopped, and he quietly slipped out of bed, and grabbed his pistol. The stony clack, clack of the beast climbing was extremely close, but he could now discern that it was off to the side, a short distance away from his window.

Then it was quiet for a moment. They… they can’t come in unless they’re let in, right? The books said most of the creatures can’t come in! That’s why there’s several kinds that trick you into coming out or opening your door! They can’t come in!

For a brief moment, he felt something like relief. Then he heard snarling, and screaming from the room adjacent to his own. Furniture getting thrown and destroyed, and the sounds of a struggle, until all he heard was a monster feasting on meat, and a quiet hissing. The hissing accompanied a heat in his pants, and he looked down to see his brown trousers were host to a slowly spreading stain in the front. He grabbed himself, and forced his bladder to stop its release. Once he regained control of himself, he pulled his wet hand away, and inspected the damage. The piss stain was only slightly larger than his hand, and he didn’t think he had time to change, with the creature so close. No, he would have to tolerate the dampness for a while.

He hastily scooped all of his alchemical supplies into his satchel, slid his pistol into a pocket on the inside of his buttoned vest, and guzzled one of his inoculation potions. With as much silence as was possible in his terrified, panicked state, he fled from his room and down the stairs of the tower. Once he reached the bottom, and approached the threshold of the door, he hesitated. Would his potion truly protect him? Would he go insane after leaving the tower? The snarling up above reminded him that he had little choice in the matter, and he threw the door open.

Whether the potion worked or not, the sensation of being outside was alien and unpleasant. He could feel the moonlight, caressing his slightly dark skin, wrapping around him. He could hear it, too; a wind that moved slowly, but still howled. But, as he stood there, basking in the unholy glow, waiting to descend into madness, nothing happened. He was still himself, he was pretty sure.

He chanced another step, then another; carefully coercing his frightened legs to carry him further into the terrible night. He needed to find another shelter, preferably one with sturdier windows. Any time he heard a rustling, a voice, or footsteps, he froze in his tracks. The city was full of sound, and any thing he heard could be the last thing he heard. But he soldiered on, continuing his trek to anywhere else.

He heard movement around a corner, and slowly chanced a peek at the source. He saw a woman, walking and swaying like she was drunk, and clutching a large farming scythe. He knew she was not simply drunk, she had been driven mad. That scythe was meant for people like him, who ventured outside and didn’t lose their minds. He tiptoed by, keeping quiet. Down the street, he spotted a promising house, with strong walls and few windows. He tried the door, but found it locked. He gripped the doorknob and tried to shove and pull on it repeatedly, hoping to overwhelm the lock, but to no avail.

He rounded a corner, into an alley, hoping to get behind the house and find an unlocked door. He hopped a small fence into the back garden, and tried his luck with the door there. Locked, again. He cursed under his breath, and turned to seek out another house.

Only to bump into the blunt end of a scythe blade.

The madwoman was there, standing right behind him, grinning evilly. “Caught you… ” She said in a singsong voice.

William gasped in surprise as he hastily drew his pistol. His arms were shaking and inarticulate, and he mistimed his shot. The projectile impacted something behind the madwoman, who didn’t even flinch. She exhaled slowly, then swung her scythe in a wide arc, the blade passing right in front of William’s face. He screamed and fell down, landing on his rear.

He scrambled backwards, until his back was pressed flat against the locked door. The woman, swaying and giggling madly, took a step forward, raising her scythe. William heard the hissing again, and looked down to see the piss stain on his pants had grown wet again, and was expanding. The urine rushed downward, washing across his butt and forming a growing pool around him as he sat on the ground.

The madwoman’s giggling intensified as she looked at his fear-induced wetting. “Don’t be so scared,” She slurred out, “Soon you’ll get to dance in the moonlight… ”

She raised the scythe above her head. William felt tears in his eyes, and one or two rolling down his cheeks. Then suddenly, he fell backwards, into the space the door had blocked. Two powerful hands gripped his shoulders and pulled him inside, merely a second before the scythe cleaved the space his neck had been.

He was dragged inside, and the door was closed and locked, to the chagrin of the madwoman, who howled and banged on the door.

“Don’t worry, she can’t get in,” Said a woman with a boyish voice.

William finally looked up to see his rescuers. A swordswoman in a brown leather longcoat, and a very tall woman in a red dress. “Y-you two s-saved me… T-thank you,” He squeaked out in a quivering voice, smiling as the fear passed.

“We heard the gunshot and the screaming, and I figured you hadn’t lost your mind, yet,” The huntress woman said.

“Oh dear,” The tall woman began, “He’s wet himself. Shall I help him clean?”

William covered his soaked crotch with his hands, blushing hotly. While he was certainly not a romantic nor especially masculine, it still stung his pride quite a bit for these women to see his pissed pants.

Before he could answer, the huntress hurried out a response, “No! No… At least, not like you helped me, earlier.” She whispered something else to her friend, which William thought sounded like the words “He doesn’t need to know about that.”

“Very well, madam huntress,” The tall woman offered him her hand, and helped him to his feet. “There are facilities down the hallway for you to clean yourself, and I can clean your clothes for you.”

“Er, thank you,” William was confused by the strange pair, but at least neither of them was swinging a weapon at him. He wandered down the hall, finding a room with a long-cold bath drawn. Someone must’ve been planning on a relaxing night before the Blood Moon came. He left his stained clothes outside the door, and set about washing himself.

Much later, after William had calmed down from the attack, and he and his clothes had been thoroughly cleaned, he sat beside the fire in the living room, grateful for the warmth. Behind him, both women were silent. “Am I… interrupting something? Or are you just trying to keep an eye on me? Because I promise that I’m not one of them! I even made a potion to resist the madness!”

“A potion can do that?” The huntress, Sylvia, asked.

“It seems to have worked on me.”

Sylvia’s eyebrows raised in quiet acknowledgement of the achievement, “Impressive, but… We’re not watching you. I just… ”

“She does not know how to proceed,” The tall woman, Mary, explained. “I informed her that this Blood Moon will be without end, and she is distraught.”

William whirled around, “This Blood Moon- What?!”

“It has come to stay, sir alchemist.”

He stared at her, “How can you possibly know that?”

Mary looked to Sylvia, who was shaking her head, “I should not say. But my knowledge is correct. But sir alchemist, you say you have created a potion to resist the madness?”

“Ah, yes, I have,” He drew one of his extra vials of the bitter drink, showing the yellow-orange mixture to his companions.

“Oh! Wonderful!” Mary clapped her hands together, “Madam huntress, this creates new possibilities!”

“Such as?”

“If we can reach the cathedral at the heart of the city, then the Blood Moon need not last forever.”

The stoic huntress’ eyes lit up, “You mean that we can stop it?”

Mary nodded, “At the cathedral, if we free those there from the moonlight, without killing them, I believe we can return things to normal.”

“Is she… all right?” William asked Sylvia.

“Mary can be cryptic, but I think we can trust her,” The huntress stood, and stretched, “Besides, I’m a moonborn, I’ve wasted too much time in here. I might as well fight my way to the cathedral.”

“You’re-” William began, but thought better of his statement, “- the person who saved me. I’ll follow you.”

“It won’t be safe. That madwoman with the scythe will seem downright friendly when you see the other monsters out there.”

“I know, but… I need to help, somehow. I came here to test my potion, but if the Blood Moon never ends, then I can use it to help everyone prepare for the next one. I’m not strong, or very brave, but if I can help you, then I want to!”

Mary clapped her hands together again, “This is splendid news! I had worried that I would not find individuals who could save this place, but I have found two very brave souls.”

Sylvia thought for a moment, “All right, then. Let’s head for the cathedral.”

