Faust's Daily Dimensional Diving for Desperate Developments - Page 3

Author: AuthorFaust

*051*2019-09-12 03:34

[Day 14: Switch-up!]

Rrrring...rrring...ring...

"Mmm.... Alright, Class is over..." a sultry, seductive voice muses from the desk next to you....Prompting an impromptu flinch, and a turn of your head towards the source.

Students pour out en masse, but you feel almost acutely aware of deep, ocean blue eyes gazing at you from one seat over.... The most popular girl in the class gazing back at you with a pleasant smile....

Long, glossy black hair trails over her shoulder, curling at the ends....As she brushes a few bangs from her eyes, tucking it behind her ears as she leans in her chair, her voice low, but with the audible weight that monopolizes your attention..

"So, as per the terms of our game the other day..." she starts slowly, your body leaning forward to hang off of every word. "You are free to command me as you deem fit... For the rest of the Afternoon."

It was probably the luckiest break you've had in a long time... if not your entire life. At the girl's request, you joined in on a game of cards... Finding out all too late that it was a game of high-stakes, High Risks Texas-Hold Em, with a 'Punishment Game' For those unfortunate enough to bust out....And a 'Reward' for the winner.

Through what you would never openly state as dumb luck, and a particularly aggressive bet, the two of you had bet the outcome of the game on one hand, and pushed it all to the center....

Only to end up with identical hands, and as such, a draw.

'Normally, the person in second gets the worst penalty..' you remember hearing her state, having raised a finger as if giving a lecture. 'To emphasize winning... but, since we both tied.... I propose an Alternative that should please both of us...'

Considering the other people had to go around the school in their underwear, buy lunch for the winners, and confess their love over the intercom for another student, you weren't sure what direction it was going to be taken... But, just as you had started to stew in your thoughts, she had pulled you into a private room, and told you....

'So, tomorrow afternoon, After school.. I'm All yours.' she stated, with no elaboration. 'I'll do whatever you say, for the rest of the day. No matter How ridiculous, or out there it is. In exchange, my turn comes with the night. Deal?'

Looking back, you ponder if it was a good idea to agree to such terms, but since you'd feverishly agreed in the heat of the moment, you were going to stick to it....

Especially after having carried around... that all day...

"So, what would you like to ask of me, RIkka Takarada.." the black haired girl mused, rising from her seat. "To do, in order to satisfy your desires?"

Your eyes couldn't help but wander over the girl as she presented herself. She wore a white sweater, with a collared shirt of the same color beneath, sleeves eclipsing her hands as she rested her hands behind her back... Your eyes trailing downward...

A black skirt that was several inches shy of the school regulation, paired with some reddish socks that stopped just beneath her knee. You opened your mouth to say something, but quickly shut it.... Finding yourself staring at her shapely thighs, exposed by her small skirt.

"Ah? You're looking pretty red.." she sounded gently... Her tone seeming to be equal parts teasing, and concerned...As one of her hands idly brushed at the other side of her hair, tucking it behind her ears on the other side as well. "You don't need to be shy. I said i'd do anything, and i mean anything, Your wish is my command, so long as the sun is up in the sky."

You don't feel any less flustered by her insistence, but as you dig into your bag, you feel for the item you prepared specifically for this... Testing the waters, while also indulging in a small desire of yours...

"H..Here..." you start, pulling out a bright red collar with a buckle at the front... As if something you'd fasten on a pet. "Put..Put this on, please..."

She takes the collar from your hands between two graceful fingers.... Her soft skin brushing against yours for a few moments as she studies it... Her deep blue eyes studying the material.....Silently....

You debate quickly snatching the collar out of her hand, and trying to come up with a 'Just kidding' kind of excuse, but she merely tucks her hair back with one hand, and starts to unfasten the collar.

"Ohhh... So, this kind of thing.." she starts in a..curious tone. It's not judgemental, nor is it eager.... Just... accepting? Your body moves before your mind can stop it, pulling out a matching leash, that clips onto the front of the collar.

"Oh my...I see..." she states in the same, accepting tone.... Her hands gracing over yours again, as she takes the leash and fastens it, giving you the same, pleasant smile as before. "Are we gonna go for a walk, Master?"

"H..Hm,...? Ah..Ah, yeah.." you stammer out, the girl smiling once again as you hold the other end of the leash, starting along with her.... Already feeling your face redden at the thought...

You were standing next to the most popular girl in your class, while she was wearing a collar with you on the other end of a leash. You felt vaguely flustered, but as you reach for the door, you felt a light tug from the girl.

"Oh, is that all you're going to do?" she asked quietly, prompting what you imagine was a confused look, as she lightly crossed her arms over another, giving a cutesy pout. "A girl offers you anything, and you don't even think about wanting to see her naked? I'm hurt..."

It wasn't so much that you were against the idea of her like that, a thought visible on your face at her mention... And prompted with a light giggle. You were just easing into things.... But, if you wanted to get the most out of this....

"U...Underwear." you state, prompting her to pause. "S..Strip to your underwear..."

You can feel your heart pounding in your chest, almost like it's threatening to escape....As you wait, and wait... and wait.....

"Mmm....That's better." she states, starting to lift up her sweater.... Pausing as she glances downward. "Oh, but i can't do that with this leash in the way.."

Your hand immediately slackens, dropping the red leash to the ground as Rikka chuckles... And lifts it with one hand.

"You'd better be more careful with this..." she muses, lifting it up, along with her sweater to leave her in a white shirt, and the black skirt. "You let go of a pet's leash, and they're bound to run off.."

Your eyes run over the buttons on her shirt as she tosses the sweater over a desk, her fingers sliding to undo her shirt buttons.

"I'll let it slide this time.." she muses, sliding off her unbuttoned shirt to reveal her perky breasts, cupped in a fancy black bra. "But if you let go of that leash again, I'm gonna have to show you what happens when you let a wild animal loose."

You find yourself staring as she holds the leash out to you....Her expression changing... Looking far more invested than before, as you take the leash.

"Well, shall we get going then?" she asks, starting to move ahead of you......But, you pull the leash back, prompting her to freeze in place.

"I...I said, underwear." you state firmly, the girl turning her head. "You're still wearing your skirt, Rikka."

You feel a cold sweat run down your neck as she gives you a half-glare...But, her fingers slide down to the black material over her hips, and unfastens it.. Leaving her in a pair of black and red striped panties.

"As you wish, Master..." she muses, the edges of her mouth curling in a grin.... As you finally grip the door, and start to open it.

Rikka doesn't make any attempt to hide as you start the path out of school, the piercing, jealous gazes of your fellow student make your heart skip a few beats....Yet, also inexplicably, something seems to well inside of you... Filling you with determination....

"Mmm... can we make a quick pit stop, before we continue?" the girl asks as you round the corner to the first floor, tugging a bit as she inches towards a certain door. "I haven't gone since lunch, and I think it'd be much easier to obey if...."

"No,"

"A..Ah?"

"I said, No..." you state, feeling a rush of adrenaline... Of some feeling of strength, deep inside of you. "You're a pet, and pets don't use the toilet like humans do."

For the first time, you see it... A hint of fear in the girl's eyes... A look of worry... Of slight panic... But, she lowers her head after a bit, and gives you that same reaffirming smile... Nodding her head.

"M...Mmm.... Yes Master.." she answers quietly, as you tug her away from the bathrooms, hoping to catch a longing gaze, or another sign of her weakness.. but, alas, she remains the perfect pet a person could dream for.... As you make your way down the street.

It's a warm day... Enough that you can see bits of sweat beading on the girl's exposed chest and shoulders... As you pace, and pace, and pace.... Watching heads turn, and gazes shift as you pass by several stores... Cafes, and restaurants. You're just about to pass by another Wcdonalds, when Rikka suddenly stops.

"Mmm.. It's hot..." she whines, wiping some sweat from her forehead. "Can we get something to drink, Master?"

You look over the girl's figure, searching for some kind of tell of an ulterior motive.... But, seeing only a sweaty girl, clad in only her underwear, you can find nothing out of the ordinary by it.... As you shrug your shoulders, and make your way into the building.

.....

People's stares are immediate, but you try to pay them no mind... Heading to the front counter, where a girl is giving you a half-glare, looking to Rikka with a wary gaze.

"What can I get you?" she asks sternly, Rikka giving her a warm smile, as you fumble for your wallet...

"Two Sweet teas. Large." you call, the cashier gazing at the two of you suspiciously... As she drops her voice.

"Understood, but... Please do not bring her in here, underdressed again.." she states in a firm tone.. Prompting you to tense up a bit... As the girl leaves....

Giving you time to notice the gazes of various other customers....

Before she comes back, with two large cups, and straws. You hastily take the drinks, and start out of the building feeling flustered... As Rikka merrily sips at her drink.

"Thank you, Master." she muses with a devious grin, clearly enjoying the lukewarm reception you got from the store.... Almost as if she knew it would go like this... "How did you know Sweet Tea was my favorite?"

You stop in place as she merrily sips away...The feelings of shame from another being turning into something else inside of you... Anger?

"Mmmm..I could just drink this all day.." the girl muses with a chuckle, as you suddenly press your cup to her. "Ah?"

"Then do it." you state, barely suppressing the anger in your tone. "Drink it. All of it."

"B..but I haven't even finished mine.." she starts, as you press the cup to her.

"Then hurry up." you state simply.. The girl flinching again... Gripping the lid and prying it off.....

Before starting to tilt the cup back, chugging the beverage in a matter of a minute and a half.

"Yes master..." she calls quietly, tossing her empty cup into the trash, before starting to take yours and sip at the straw... Drinking quietly.... Slowly....

Her eyes glance downward at this, looking deeply hurt by your command.....Even if it was in the heat of the moment, you feel kind of bad for snapping like that.

"Mm...Mmmmthh... Ahhh... I..I'm trying..." she starts, catching your eye warily. "But.. But I'm drinking too fast... My tummy's gonna hurt..."

You feel a pang of regret at the command now, a hand gently raising up to pat the girls head softly....As you let a smile come back to your face.

"That'll do, for now.." you answer, taking the cup from her soft hands. "I..was still thirsty anyways."

You weren't exactly lying, but after being so aggressive, you wanted to back off for a bit... Starting to walk the girl around the town again, as you pondered what else there was to do.

Of course, there was that.... But, even for someone parading the girl around on a leash in her underwear, you felt like asking for her to go that far would be too much.... As you started to round a corner, only to meet resistance from the leash.

"Hm..? What's wrong, Rikka?" you ask, but the answer is evident by her body language immediately.

She was trembling, her hands pressed to the front of her striped panties, as she wiggled back and forth... Squeezing her arms around her breasts softly.

"M..Master....." she started, pleading up at you with her deep blue eyes. "I..I got to let that tea out...."

You feel a tug at your heartstrings, but a different kind of heat filling you than the weather.... As you look the girl back in the eyes, unblinking...And utter your answer.

"No." you state, pulling on the leash. "Hold it."

The girl visibly recoils as you command her, but nods quietly... Starting to follow after you, at a strained pace....

Every look back, you can see her legs crossing over one another as she walks.... Every few moments, a hand cradles her lower belly, or applies pressure to her panties....As you walk... and walk... and walk....

"M..Master..."

"No. I said Hold it."

You have this exchange a few more times around the town, feeling the afternoon sun bearing down on your neck as her pace slows more and more..... Going to a complete stop as you round the corner to the Wcdonalds again... Her knees knocking, as she leans forward...

"M...Master..." you hear her plea again... Her soft voice shaking and trembling with every syllable, prompting you to turn and gaze at her enduring posture...

You can see straight down her shapely breasts, and with a light turn of your head, you can see her sticking her bottom out... Wiggling, and shaking it in a tense posture...

"Fine.." you lightly relent for the briefest of moments... Before a thought comes across your mind. "But... pets don't use toilets."

The girl gasps sharply at this, looking up at you with those soft, scared eyes again.... But, a glance downward tells the rest of the story, a sizable discoloration at the front of her panties telling you all you need to know....

"P...Please... Please, I'm going to wet myself..." she begs with you, as you close your eyes to it... Shaking your head, and tut-tutting a finger.

"You asked to pee, and i'm going to let you pee." you state simply, gesturing downward with your finger. "Right here. On the ground. in front of everyone."

Your eyes dare to peek out for a few moments to see a flushed face.... The look of panic... and then, of submission... And defeat. Her hands move to her hips, going to tuck down her panties... As you yank on the collar again.

"Did I say you could take them off?!" you snap in your sternest voice, the girl flinching, and a noticeable wetness trickling from the front of her panties......As her gaze prompts another pang of guilt... Regret, over how far you've pushed the girl, and of what she was about to do....

"S..Sorry...Sorry... Don't know what came over me.." you call quietly, your gaze going elsewhere. "Please...go ahead......"

As you start to mentally chide yourself, the girl's voice rings out again... In an absolutely heavenly tone.

"Y..Yessss...Maaaaaaasssss....ttteeeeeeerrrrr.." she groans, fingers hooking the black and red striped panties.. And tugging them down ever so slightly...

Enough for you to get a full-on gaze of her personal faucet, dripping wet from her spurts...And then gushing down onto the sidewalk noisily, a sizable puddle emerging from beneath her, as her whole body shudders...And she pants roughly.

"Ohhhh.. Ohhhh.. Ohhhhhh... Thhhh..thhhhaaaaannkkk Youuuuuuuuu....." she moans needily, prompting you to stare at her face as it melts into an absolutely naughty expression.... Prompting you to flush, and cover your eyes....

Yet, despite that, you can still hear the girl's noises... The splashing of her piddle, and can picture the warmth emenating from her body... The chills down your spine having nothing to do with sweat...

You can't believe you've done this... You've taken the most popular girl in class, paraded her around in her underwear, and made her piss on the sidewalk like an animal. You can feel part of you warming up at all of the imagery as it cycles through your head... As if it'd never stop...

When you suddenly feel Rikka's soft skin pressing against yours, arms wrapping around your back as she pushes you to the ground.

"I warned you about letting go of the leash.." she calls as you open your eyes... No longer seeing a vulnerable, submissive girl.. But the predatory eyes of a lion, sizing up it's prey. "There's about half an hour before the sun goes down, but I'm going to take my turn a little early now..."

You don't have the will, nor the ability to resist the girl as she presses her warm, damp body against you...... Suddenly acutely aware of what she must have felt like, mere moments ago...

"Hope you don't mind...."

It was going to be a long night...

=======

*053*2019-09-13 03:55

[Day 15: Padding]

[Warning: Diaper]

"Gnnnn...It's already starting.."

"Better strap in...We're in for the long haul.."

"Ohhh, it'll be fine... Probably."

A trio of girls, all sitting in the middle row of a theater, as the area darkened... And the projector flickered to life... Already showing a dark haired girl, flexing her arms, and posturing with the camera....

"Can't believe Juuni got us tickets.." a lime green haired girl, in a green sweater, and a knee-length black skirt mused, glancing over at a petite girl with purple hair, and a white jacket... Turning with a raised finger.

"Ssshhh..Don't interrupt, Ellie.." the girl whispered tersely, prompting the lime green haired girl to turn back to the screen.... And smile.

She hadn't been at a theater in forever, but when the latest Koz-Mo movie comes out, there was no way she was going to miss it. The way the girl on the screen just radiated confidence, dominance, and commanded respect....

'She's the coolest there ever was.' Ellie thought, tossing some popcorn into her mouth, and taking a drink from her large soda. Koz-Mo was a famous anime character, brought into life by a nearly-identical actress, to make her adventures into the big screen.

The particular iteration of KozMo's stories today, was [KozMo: Iron-Sphere Sprint]

'Kozuko has to partake in a race across dangerous territory..' the girl thought, watching as Kozuko Motou, the 'Normal, Everyday schoolgirl' Persona of the heroine paced around her classes, looking bored, and mildly uninterested. 'So she can win enough money to get the materials to get back home..'

She'd read the manga a dozen times, and the novelization countless... Yet, her eyes were promptly glued to the screen, watching the actress as her legs tensed up, and she lightly gripped the edge of her desk.

'Kozuko is no ordinary girl..' Ellie mused to herself, a strange, ethereal being appearing behind her. 'She has the power of a Sit... A being that lets her do many amazing, and superhuman things...! But, the one thing it doesn't help her with...'

The ringing of a school bell, the signal for students to dash from their classes... and the sudden Zooming of the dark haired girl on screen caught Ellie's eyes... Prompting a light glimmer... And a small flush, thankfully masked by the darkness....

'Is her filling bladder...'

The girl on screen dashed for one bathroom... Then another...and another, trying to find a vacant one, but seeing lines all around her school. Even a daring glance towards the men's lead to no results, as the press against the door revealed it to be longed... The actress bouncing on her feet, her uniform skirt fluttering dangerously close to revealing what was beneath....

Ellie herself had to pause a bit from feeling her heart racing... The panic on the Actress's eyes... the bouncing... The closeup on her thighs and skirted behind as she scampered.... It was getting a bit much for her, as she finally charged to a classroom door and...

"W...Woah....Woaaaahhhh!!!!"

The tension that had been building in Ellie from the lovely view was finally given a reprieve, as there was the sequence that lead to the central plot: Kozuko falling into a portal that lead into the past, bringing her back to the late 1800s, where she would be fated to race against others... With mysterious powers....

However, Ellie's resolve was immediately tested as the girl on screen scampered to her feet upon landing, slid down a pair of white, cotton panties, and....

"Ahhhh.... Ohhhh.. Ohhh Fuck.." the actress called, moaning out sweetly as Ellie felt her whole body tensing up again... Biting the straw she was drinking from to keep from making any noises of her own. It was... quite a lovely thought, a tasty image....And, though the camera wouldn't show the actual evidence, the look on the actress's face was all too telling...

It was all Ellie could do once the plot started to set up Kozuko's journey to keep her mind from immediately snapping back to the desperate moments, the look of relief, and her own thoughts of how Kozuko would look in such a state....

As the movie continued on without her focus proper, a shift from a seat near her was the first sign of a certain problem they all would have to confront....

"Nnnn...No...No, not now..." Juuni whimpered, as Ellie dared to look at her friend, who was already shifting and wiggling in her seat....

It was an unheard of, nearly Four hour movie.......

They were barely half an hour into it.

"Mmmmthh..." Ellie groaned lightly, her mind immediately going from Juuni's start of trouble, to the actress's amazing display again... Her face reddening, as she felt her heart racing.... Starting to take some hefty gulps of her drink to suppress the thoughts once more....

The plot was being set up, Kozuko having to adjust to the older time period, while also being informed of the race itself.... The prize for winning, and a nudge from her own power....

It was right about when some of the rival characters were showing up, that the purple haired girl next to her started to scurry, darting past her.

"C..Catch me up when I'm back.." Juuni stated quickly, her hands pressed against her skirt as Ellie continued to watch... Sipping and nibbling all the while.

"So, these people are the bad guys.... But, those two can see Lotto..." Ellie whispered succintly as the purple haired girl returned, right as the gun was fired to signal the start of the race.... Prompting a horseback journey for the first part at least.

"Ahh...I see..."

It was an implication that wouldn't make sense, if you hadn't seen the others. Lotto was Kozuko's power, a Sit, that gave her a myriad of abilities, in exchange for taxxing her bladder.

Lotto was invisible to normal people, so anyone who could see it was clearly dangerous in some manner.... As the movie continued.... And another figure stepped past her.

"Sorry..! Knew I should have stuck with the medium.."

Ellie merely sipped away at her large, trying her best to not think about the actress on stage, even if she knew from the manga she'd have at least three more close calls....

Pang...Pang...

As all of the soda in her belly was finally making it's way south... Prompting the girl to slowly cross her legs... Trying to ignore the pressure, as the first encounters started... A squabble between Kozuko, and another racer....

'It'll.. be okay..' Ellie thought to herself quietly, as the Sits came out, starting to do battle... And she squeezed her legs a bit tighter. 'I...I came prepared..'

Shortly after the girl's victory, she eventually bounced off of her horse, and staggered her way into a saloon... Which directed her to the back room, where an outhouse was...presented.

The actress's nose wrinkled, and she looked hesitant... But, with no other options.... The girl plopped down, and...

"Haaaaahhhhh....."

The same look of absolute relief...... Bringing back a familiar sensation to the lime green haired girl as she stared at the girl on screen again.....Crossing her legs tighter, as her own pressures were starting to swell some more....

I'll be fine...' she told herself, firmly. 'I have...that...after all..'

A gratuitous shot of the actress's posterior, and some preparing on screen later, the race was continuing... Leading into another struggle. (If lessened by the fact it was common bandits that were no match for Kozuko without Lotto)., that Ellie felt her pressures mounting again... The aching of her needy tank starting to threaten mutiny......As she pressed her bottom back into her seat....

'Mmmthh... Mmm... I...I'll be fine.' she thought, a hand resting in her lap as she watched the screen, now chewing on her straw absentmindedly.... Watching...Squirming.. but waiting.....

There were a few other struggles, some minor troubles... but, eventually, it came to one of the next big bads, prompting Kozuko's sit to come out again... And an epic clash to occur.

'They know she knows.... But she knows they know she knows..' Ellie thought, pressing into her skirt a bit more. 'So she knows they know she knows... But she...'

It was a cerebral battle, before an all out brawl.... Yet, as she was taking down the major threat, and left with the fodder....

"Gah..!!! No... Lotto, Not now!"

The girl's legs slammed together, one of her clenched fists quickly dipping to her skirt in a firm, aggressive press... A tremble in Kozuko's step. Ellie felt herself gasping a bit as the girl was forced to bob and weave... Dodging strikes that she would normally parry, and riposte with ease.....

Each twirl, each turn... Each narrowly avoided grasp looking to put more and more strain on the girl's body.... As Ellie felt her pressing hand intensify for a few extra moments....

"Come on... Come on...!"

The girl had to settle for shoulder checks, and knee strikes... Careful to keep her legs together... To try to keep her modesty intact... And, most damningly, to try to keep her legs dry.....

"Mmmth..!'

Something that Ellie was trying, and failing to do... Even discounting the growing pressure in her tank, another urge was starting to quickly eclipse her piddle need... Prompting the girl to graduate from gnawing on her straw, to chewing on her fingers.... Watching... shivering.. and waiting..

There were three enemies left... And then two... And... Then....

"On....O..One more....!"

The last guy did his best to stray from the girl's stunted, staggered strikes... But, even if he was a match for a hobbled over, writhing KozMo, he couldn't handle the flash of Lotto, who planted him like a flower in the desert sand....

"S...Shhhh..Shit...!!"

Kozuko didn't even have time to confirm the guy was truly down, a flip of her skirt revealing a sizable stain on the crotch of her white panties, as she threw modesty out the window, squatting right where she had been standing, and a loud Psssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhing starting to ring out..... Dampening the stand beneath her feet....

"Ahh..!"

As if on cue, the violent spray of the actress seemed to prompt her own body to do the same... A warmth escaping her own personal facuet, and warming her hips....

"Nnnn.. I can't imagine it ever being so bad I'd piss in a desert like that.." Juuni called out quietly, as Ellie instinctively lifted her hand from her skirt... Feeling the warmth spread out.... And her body's muscles slackening....

Ssss....sss....

Yet, unlike the actress's explosive release, one could barely hear any noise coming from the lime-green haired girl... Who merely felt the warmth starting to creep from her front, all the way up her posterior.......Warmth pooling, yet none of it spilling out onto the floor, or making a noise any of her friends could hear...

She slid her hand down the waistband of her skirt as the lewd action on the screen concluded... Reaching down to test for dampness.. And delightfully, found none...

'Mmm.. these things are great...' she thought to herself, looking down at her secret weapon in enduring a long movie.....A padded garment, that had a faded icon on the front, but wasn't completely gone yet. 'I'll have to thank Rain later for getting me such a good diaper..'

It was originally a half-hearted joke on her part, but the insistence of her other friend had pushed her into it.... And, well...

She was always willing to try anything at least twice.

=========

*056*2019-09-15 04:26

[Day 16: No pressure]

It was another brisk, fall day....The sun shone, but little of it's heat seemed to find it's way to the town...Prompting a slight huff from a strolling girl.

'There's so many..' she thought, looking at the students across campus...... Before a shimmer in the air showed myriads of otherworldly, ethereal beings. 'And yet...'

There were small ferrets, discolored birds, strangely stylized cats, and oversized insects. A lot of otherworldly beings... That only appeared when she was focusing....

'What are they...' she thought, for what must have been the thousandth time. 'And...Why don't they ever come after me...?'

She could see them interacting with other people.... The ferrets climbing up, and nicking things.... The birds hovering around people, who then proceeded to stumble over their words, and some of them would do complete inversions of their attitude in some instances. Yet, none of them ever seemed to dare to lay eye, or wing, or paw on her....Making her...Curious.

'Not that i need any more problems than i have...' she thought to herself, glancing down over her own body...

She had long, purple hair that went over her back... A shapely physique, that included a healthy amount of curve.... Easily visible through her own pink shirt, and blue skirt. Long, black thigh-highs helped keep her warm, and accentuate her features... Yet, the only heads she ever seemed to turn were all just.. people.

'But.... it's a little...odd...'

She was pacing around campus, seeing the various creatures interact, and hassle the other students... Yet, none of them seemed to notice as things were taken from them, bites were administered, and other various things that were....Honestly, quite distracting for her.

'And worse, no one but me seems to be able to see them..' she thought to herself, remembering when she'd first started seeing them.... And was brushed off by an adult for her 'imaginary friends'.

Since then, and her own... trouble, she had acted a bit withdrawn, choosing to merely go about her day to day life, with as little interference as possible. However, on this otherwise mundane day....

"Kehehheeh! Get lost, little rodents!"

A sudden, manic cackle from a being she'd never seen before...An insane gust of wind as it dive-bombed some of the weird creature, and the girl felt herself....

Flying through the air, soaring clear from the ground, all the way into a nearby tree...While other girls merely were forced to hold down their skirts, or scamper after some books or papers held in their arms....

"Wh..what was that?! A freak gust of wind?!" someone called, as the purple haired girl shook her head, trying to survey her new position....

'Nnnn...Stupid...weight problem..'

She wasn't too heavy... No, far, far from it. For a lengthy period of time, she had found her body held.. very little, if any weight at all to it... Despite her shape, and attire having not changed a bit.

'I've had to carry extra things in my backpack on windy days...' she noted quietly to herself, twirling on the branch as she glanced downward. 'But... that was...beyond natural.'

She glanced down from her spot on the tree, seeing the blue-bird that sent her careening fluttering back to someone in the distance... A boy that went to her school, with messy brown hair..... Shaking his head, as he paced past her tree.

"Damn things are everywhere...." he grumbled, the bird like creature starting to dissipate into the air, as she followed him with her eyes.

'Can he...see them too?'

It would make sense, unless he was one of those troublesome types that referred to humans in the third person.... Or, if he was some kind of otherworldly being himself. It was.... odd, yet....

'Maybe...he can help me...'

She paused at this...Freezing for such a simple....innocent thought. She squeezed her eyes shut, frowning as she remembered something foul.....And hopped down from the tree.

'He can tell me what's going on, at least..'

No..her problem was her own, but she could at least get some answers out of the boy. She strode after the brown haired boy, heading into the school....As classes began, keeping up to see which room the boy went into.... Then doubling back, for a supply closet.

'I'd better be prepared, in case he brings out his feathered friend..' she thought, grabbing a few pens, a pair of staplers, and some other supplies, He didn't seem to be a well-built individual, so even if he could see the beings...

She would be ready.

An hour or so passed, the girl waiting along the side of the classroom.....As...eventually...

Rrrrinnng...Rrrrinnng...

The bell rang, dismissing the students from their classes, as she got herself ready...Watching the people as they started out of the room.

'Not him...Not him...Not.... There..!'

She nearly leapt from her spot at this, pressing her shoulder into the brown haired boy at this, giving him a stern gaze.

"Hello.... I'd like a word." she stated firmly, the boy's head turning.... Looking confused.

"Ah?" he sounded, as she went with her primary option....Her hand flicking out a stapler, as she held it to his side, primed to puncture his shirt (And what was under it).

"Your feathered friend this morning....." she added quietly, prompting the expression she was looking for... Of fear, realization, and a quick daring of his eyes. First to the left, and then back to her.... "No lying...."

"Not here..."

"Hm..?"

"Not here.." the boy repeated, gesturing towards an empty classroom... That they entered, and the boy shut... Leaning against it with a sigh.

"Okay, he's not a Yokai..." the boy called, quickly. "I mean, he's kind of like one...But.."

"Yo..kai?" she asked with a head tilt, the boy freezing again.

"Yokai...? The...the things that swarm the school?" he asked, prompting her to mentally note it. "They tend to fuck with your day to day life?

'So, they're called.. 'YoKai' she thought to herself, as the boy looked her over... Glancing her up and down.

"But, he's under my control. Not a Yokai. Was having him clear out some of em.." the boy added, waving his hand. "Did he do somethin' to ya or something? He's kid of unruly, so i wouldn't be shocked, but.."

"You..could say that.." she remarked quietly, pondering for a few moments silently...Remembering all of the creatures, now having a name for them.... As she glanced out the window to see two other strange birds....

"Well, I'm sorry he's an ass." the boy added, a hand running across his face, and through his hair. "Though...any other reason you needed me? And...threatened me with a.... Was that a stapler?"

The girl turned, a tiny smile coming to her lips as she flicked out the metallic object again... Holding it out in position to send out another staple....As she held it level with the boy's head.

"Asking a girl about her actions, without even requesting her name..." she stated with an intense glare, pressing the stapler closer to him. "You're certainly not the most polite person I've spoken with..."

The boy produced an audible pause at this, but gave a light bow, shaking his head.

"Right..Sorry.." he answered, looking her back in the eye. "I'm Shunnosuke... Shun for short. What is your name, Stapler?"

"Senjougahara.." she stated plainly....Lowering the stapler. "I'll thank you not to shorten it until we've become more acquainted, Shunnosuke.."

Shun shook his head, looking the girl over once again... As she felt his eyes look her over.... Clearly trailing at certain parts, as her other hand flicked out a pen.... Pointed towards the boy's hip.

"Mind your gaze..." she warned, the boy's eyes snapping up to her gaze again... As he rubbed the back of his head.

"Oh, i..I wasn't staring..." he answered quickly, his eyes snapping left again. "But....You're being inspirited, aren't you?"

The girl tilted her head again quizzically.. As the boy paused audibly again.

"It's...It means you're being affected by a Yokai.." he added, quietly. "Is.....Do you feel anything odd about your body, or..."

In a flash quick as lightning, she had pressed against the boy, holding the stapler to his waist again, and the pen to his neck.

"You really should be more graceful with how you speak to a lady.." she stated quickly, fighting an involuntary shudder at the mention of 'Odd' referring to her body. It...was a touchy subject... A troublesome one.... Yet, as the boy's eyes widened, eyes struggling to stray from her intense gaze,......As she felt the boy's arm starting to press back against her.

"A..Alright, no need for thre-..Gah.."

KC-CHK...

She'd clamped the stapler shut on his side, making good on the implied threat as he held himself.....Glancing downward.

"Alright..Alright...Sen...Sn...Senj....Gh... Damn Whoo-tas!" he snapped, flailing an arm at the window. "Get out of here! Stop making me forget the girl's name!"

She was a bit taken aback... She'd attacked him with the claws of the stapler.... Yet, he didn't immediately back off, and recoil from her. He seemed more... annoyed than anything.

"I see.." she sounded as the boy eventually pressed back against her, starting to send her back against the wall with a push..

"I...okay, no that's not...that's..." the boy called, seeing the way her body skidded back, instead of merely leaning... Watching as his golden-brown eyes stared to scramble. "I...I see..I...One moment.."

She wanted to retort back at him, but he'd pulled his phone, pressing at the keypad... As she inched closer to listen in.

"Listen, Shigeo? Yeah, I...yeah.." he started, only one part of the conversation able to be heard. "I was just... and there's this girl... And... Yeah... Yeah......So, do you think you can.... Ah..... Ahhh.."

The boy kept nodding his head, listening silently for about a solid minute....As he gave a final nod.

"Alright... Alright, I think i can manage that. Thanks, Shigeo." he answered finally, starting to pull the phone away. "I'll swing by later to help you with your Math.... Yeah, see ya."

He closed his phone at this, grumbling something about 'Espers', and turned back to her....with a raised hand.

"So, I got good news, and bad news.." Shun stated, in a flat tone. "Which do you want to hear first?"

"Asking for my choice.... Proper." she mused, a hand moving to lightly play with her hair. "I'll suppose the bad first would be most ideal... So that we can focus on the good right after...."

"The bad news is, it's going to suck." the boy called, prompting another tilt from her, as he pointed to the door. "The good news is: I think i can get whatever Yokai's inspiriting you out."

The girl's eyes betrayed her cool demeanor for a few moments... The thought of not being troubled by her... weight problem, a fleeting one... Yet, at the same time, she couldn't help but feel like she was being lead on.. again...

"If that's the case, I'll happily repay you for.."

"No. No paying." the boy added, holding his hand up in an open palm. "This isn't a job for me: It's a hobby. When you get paid for a hobby, it's a job, and i hate working..."

The girl felt a bit of relief over the boy's remark...Yet, much more suspicious at this... Raising an eyebrow.

"Then, what is your incentive to help me?" she inquired, starting to lean in with her stapler again. "Because, the way I see it, you've nothing to gain from helping me....and..."

"Look, Senjougahara...." the boy added, shaking his head. "This is all a theory anyways. Don't go asking stupid questions, until I get any kind of headway, you understand?"

She clicked the stapler in protest at this, but the boy staggered back... Clearly wary of her now, as he moved to the door.

"Stay here. I'll be back in ten." he added, the girl watching him as he stepped out the door. "Just... You gotta trust me on this..."

The girl folded her arms and frowned at this... But, given the boy's gaze didn't wildly shift as he said this, she...relented.

'It's not like he can escape..' she thought, quietly. 'If he's lying, I'll catch him. If he tries to run, I'm faster....'

She recounted a few dozen plots and plans for the boy's punishment for betraying her trust..... Even if she had learned more than she knew prior. His phone call was a bit odd, and the fact he was connected with... Not a Yokai....

It raised many questions, but she would give him time.. She'd wait.....until she was given a reason otherwise.

"Ten minutes...." she stated, sitting back on top of one of the desks. "I wonder what he plans to do in such a time..."

She was just about to lean back and ponder some more, when a certain sensation made itself known...

Pang....

A light twinge, in her lower belly... A sharp sensation, that prompted her to press her legs together lightly....

'Of...course... I can't believe i forgot..' she thought quietly, sitting back up straight. 'Between the Yokai, and him... I've been too busy to properly....'

She felt it was an annoyance, but not one that would linger too long. The moment the boy came back, she would quietly excuse herself, deal with the sensation, and go along with what the boy wanted.... .

Or, she'd just leave in a few minutes, and deal with it herself....

...

At least, that was her plan, yet the clock in the classroom seemed to be moving extraordinarily slowly.... Prompting her to lean forward slightly, glancing at the time....

"It's been five minutes..." she stated to herself, firmly.... "Five more..and I can leave.."

It was a short period of time... So, why did it seem like the urge she had was getting worse?

Her legs went from pressing to lightly rocking, a hand resting in her lap as she sat.... Feeling the light panging starting to hasten and repeat....Prompting her to squeeze herself tightly....

"Three...Three minutes....left.." she stated... starting to count it down. "One hundred and seventy eight.... one seventy seven.. One seventy six..."

Counting the seconds helped, yet the pressing sensation seemed to rise at a breakneck pace, prompting her to tremble in her seated position.... Shifting from side to side....

"Ten seconds.... Nine... Eight.." she stated firmly, starting to lean off the chair. "Five....Four.... Three."

"BACK!" the boy's voice called suddenly, prompting her to land forward on her toes....

Sss...

And a spot of warmth to seep into her garments... A faint blush on her cheeks, as the boy gestured at his feet.

"Okay, it took some time to round em up, but I got em! This should help with your problem.."

"W..what do you mean?' she replied quietly, trying to keep still as she looked down at the boy's feet... A half dozen shoe-sized ants scuttling around, looking up at her with beady golden eyes.

"These are Desperants..." he started, lightly. "When a strong enough Yokai's inspiring something, other Yokai tend to avoid muscling in on the bigger Yokai's turf.... Meaning, they try to not bother the really tough ones.... And, if something inspirits a person for a while, it just gets stronger...."

Senjougahara winced a bit, the warmth at the front of her attire feeling like someone had pressed one of her own tools to her....As she struggled, and strained to stay still, as the boy went on his long winded explanation...

"But, DesperAnts aren't smart enough to avoid someone, if they're in large numbers." she finally caught, watching the bugs starting to go around her. "it's gonna feel like agony...But, after about a minute or so, these things should force out whatever's in ya. Just...Just relax...And know that feeling they're making you feel isn't real. You'll be fine! You're not actually about to lose control of yourself. They don't affect anything that was in you, just your perception of it..."

"And.... if something.....was in me?" she added in a quiet tone... Prompting the boy to pause... Flinch, and blush deeply.

"I...Erm...you're....You're kidding....right?"

Ssss...

"Nnn...!!!! Do you think a lady would joke about something like that?" she snapped, feeling another betrayal of warmth.... Followed by something else escaping.... A sensation running up her back, and out of her shoulders....

"Aha!" the boy called, darting up, and leaping onto a desk, his hands clasping around a golden being that looked almost like a fairy.... but, with a clearly inhuman body.... A mixture of bird talons, simian limbs, and.... Crab claws on the end?

"Must be the Omokunai....A WightLess...." he stated, digging into his pockets for a talisman. "Just have to slap one of these on it, and..."

The boy slapped a paper talisman, with a strange girl's face on it... A shimmering light encompassing it, and vanishing into the air again... Prompting a wipe from his brow.

"Should banish it, at least for a few weeks.." he added, turning to look at the girl's tenuous situation... And then starting over hurriedly. "Right..Right.. .Git, you damn ants! Git, before i have to break out the Penelope DesperAnt-Spray on you! Don't think i won't do it!"

The beings made a rude glare and gesture at the boy as he started to push them along.... The sensation of overwhelming weakness starting to dissipate....

But, not the warmth in her garments.......

"That should...should handle it.." the boy added, opening the door. "Now, uh...do your thing! I'm gonna...Yeah."

She couldn't move.....

Even without the strange ants circling her, the warmth in her garments was already cue enough for her body..While the expulsion of the Wightless left her feeling...

Solid... Concrete...Whole......

"Nnnnghh..."

And a serious weight starting to pull down on her bladder, prompting her to stagger to her knees..... The sensation... It was... old.. familiar... And yet...

'I...Won't make it, in this condition..' she thought, feeling the sensations inside of her welling up, heading straight to the end of her personal plumbing... As she did the only thing she could manage..

Sssss....Ssssssss.....

"Mmmmmghhh...Mmmmm...."

Relent, and let the weight drift out of her troubled body... The liquid warmth spraying from one end of her undergarment to the other.... A damp patch glistening on her skirt, and spreading out.....

Ssssshhhh...ssshhhhhhh

As she quietly, shamefully, uncontrollably pissed her panties.......Yet, as the puddle beneath her started to grow, and the strength in her legs started to fade, she felt herself plopping down with a solid, weighted thump....

She was back to normal.... at long last.... She wasn't plagued by her problem... And, she now knew someone who could presumably help her with any future supernatural occurrences. It was a nice feeling... A sigh of relief... And yet....

"I'll have to...repay the favor sometime....."

She would not forget today... Not as long as she lived.

=====

*059*2019-09-16 06:01

[Day 17: Full Tank]

"Mmmm! You ready to go?"

"Mmm.. Yeah, of course!"

It was a bright sunny day, with nary a cloud in the sky. Fall was coming, but it wasn't too terribly cold yet, and the morning had been going smoothly so far.....A good sign, for what was hopefully a good day.

"Alright~ Get on in."

The only thing that could make today's trip better, is the reminder of who you'll be spending the next few hours in car-space with.... A dear friend, and a lovely, curvy girl...

Ample breasts, covered in a lovely sweater. wide hips, covered by a tiny, denim micro-skirt.... That immediately trailed into ample thighs, covered by white thigh highs....

You could spend nearly all day looking at the girl's features, but you slide into the car wordlessly, looking up at the girl's lovely hair, her reddish, amber eyes.... And, the only particularly different thing about the girl....

The cute, cat ears atop her head. She smiles warmly, bringing the belt between her chest and over her waist... Reminding you to fasten your seatbelt as well, as she turns the key in the ignition.

"Mmm! It's been a while since I've been on a road trip. Hope you don't mind being cooped up for a few hours with me." she muses to you, with a playful wink.

"I could think of worse fates, Tiffy." you answer, returning the smile, and enjoying the pleasant atmosphere.

Thankfully, traffic seems light heading out of the city, and her driving is smooth. You get plenty of time to appreciate the small, bare section of thigh between her skirt and thigh-highs.... Making light conversation, and trying to avert your gaze in time to avoid getting caught looking....

'That skirt is just.... so tiny..' you note to yourself, as every shift of her legs...Every bit of acceleration, or braking, always tempts you.... Showing a tantalizing amount of thigh.... Inching ever closer to the curiosity underneath.... The only garment you haven't seen yet....

"Mmmm.... Looks like we have a turn we can pull off on." Tiffy's voice calls out to you, prompting you out of your dazed gaze.... Turning to look at the unfamiliar area. "Wanna grab a bite to keep us going?"

"Mmmm... Sure!" you respond, half attentively. Truthfully, you hadn't eaten since the morning, but you don't want to seem too eager in front of the girl.... Knowing that it would be horrible to get sick on a long car trip.

She pulls into a simple fast food joint, and you order a few things. Burgers, fries, and drinks. However, rather than pulling over, Tiffy pulls back onto the road, continuing along.

"We've got a really long trip...." she explains quickly, turning towards you with a slight smile. "Gotta keep going as much as we can. Mind feeding me a bit as we go?"

She gives a cute, lightly pleading pout, but you don't need any such convincing... Holding out some fries immediately, as she leans over to catch them with her mouth.

"Mmmth..Mmm....Thanks.." she muses, keeping her eyes on the road. "Mind passing my drink too?"

You prepare the straw, and lift it up to the girl's lips.... Watching her wrap her lips around it, and hear her starting to guzzle down her beverage.... Clearly, a lot more thirsty than she let on....

Which also gives you a prime chance to steal a few glances at her sweater, and the lovely features beneath it....

Being an avid practitioner of driving safely, her arms don't leave the steering wheel as you continue down the road for a while, prompting you to hold up food and drink for her every so many miles, or when traffic starts to slow. You take in enough eye candy that you find yourself not as hungry (or as Thirsty) as expected, so you end up letting your lovely psuedo-chauffeuse having the majority of your drink, and a good half of your exceptionally salty fries.

'Certainly explains why she wants to drink so much...' you think as you pop the last few of them in your mouth.... Tiffy opening her mouth cutely for you to provide the straw for the last vestiges of your drink.... The rattling of ice heard through her prominent slurping.

"Mmm......Sorry, but it was just... soooo good..." she apologizes with the same, cutesy half-pout, melting any annoyance you could have mustered in a flash. "Thanks for letting me have so much of your drink, sweetie."

"N..No problem, Tiffy.." you respond, feeling some blush forming on your cheeks. She's always been appealing, and friendly.... So, hearing her little pet name always sends a bit of a shiver up your spine...But, in a good way. It isn't until about half an hour, and a few dozen miles later that something else starts to arise from the situation....

A sudden shift, from your driver's legs... A small adjustment in her posture....... The pressing of her legs together, as she eyes the road..... Lightly bobbing her feet...

"Everything okay, Tiffy?" you ask innocently, as the girl suddenly snaps to attention, and gives you an easy... if lightly quivering smile.

"Hm..? O..Oh, yeah..." she states a little too quickly....As you pass by a sign.

[Rest Stop: 3 miles off the next Right]

You have a sneaking suspicion Tiffy plans to make that turn for... Reasons. So, with all of your cleverness, and deviousness, you suddenly hop up in your seat, at attention.

"Mmmm!! I can't wait until we get there!" you pipe up, suddenly... Grinning excitedly. "We're only like, two hours away now, aren't we?"

"Mm..? Ah... yeah.." your catgirl driver states, simply. "if traffic keeps this clear, we'll be there in about an hour and a half......"

"So long as we don't stop for anythin'." you add, prompting the girl to tense up slightly....And nod her head.

"Mmm...Mmmmmhm... Right. So long as we don't stop..." she answers, as you watch her eyes glance at the right side of the highway for a few moments.... The turn that would lead to her salvation coming up.... .

And being completely passed by, as she bounces her legs a bit more, and you settle into your seat to enjoy the show....

Despite being a relatively brazen, and somewhat flirty girl, you can't help but notice that she gets a lot quieter when she's facing a certain need.... Even if her body can't keep quiet about it for even the scarcest of moments. If her fingers aren't nervously tapping against the steering wheel, her legs are squeezing together...Her lips purse together.... Her breathing gets a bit more labored.... And, most importantly of all...

Her cute ears start to twitch a bit... Showing that the large sodas the two of you bought were making their way down Tiffy's path.....

And they might have been going over the speed limit.

It was quite enjoyable to see the girl shifting and wriggling none-too-subtly, but you were unprepared for what came next, about half an hour later.. After miles and miles of quick, easy pathing....

"A...Ah?!!!"

A sudden gasp, the girl's eyes widening...As you turned to look ahead for a change.....

Dozens, upon dozens, upon dozens of cars lined up... In a massive traffic jam, going on as far as the eye could see.

"Was there a wreck, or something..?" you think out loud, stealing a glance at the girl as the car slows down... One of her hands moving to her mouth to nip at her finger....

"I...I don't know..."

The car slows to an absolute crawl....And you can see the effects starting to pile up on Tiffy as it does. She starts to whimper oh so softly...The reduced speed permitting her a free hand.... Which, promptly moves to rest in her lap.... Appearing to be relaxing it, but you can tell it's not getting any more of a reprieve than her personal tank....

She quivers, shifts, and squirms.... Her hand pressing between that tiny micro-skirt as you inch along the lengthy blockade of cars.... Her hand slowly being lost when she clenches her thighs around it, and starts to lean forward a bit. You want to say something, but find your eyes glancing at her ample outer thighs, trembling....Shaking...

And, at the back of the seat, a glimpse of white fabric, clinging to her perfect, round posterior. An unintentional view... but, one you enjoy, nevertheless....

"Ohh... Ohhh, hurry... Hurry..." the girl pleas with the crowd of cars, a real pout forming on her lips as she squeezes herself, and leans forward against the steering wheel, giving you a better view of her white-pantied bum, and quivering thighs. "Pleaaaase...clear up...!"

"Is..everything okay, Tiffy?" you ask, feigning ignorance of her plight... As ruby-red eyes turn to you with a strained, troubled expression.... Her hand firmly planted between her legs...

"I....I..I really gotta go..." she whimpers, pink rushing to her cheeks as you feel your own heart starting to pound, pink rushing to your cheeks in turn. Her gaze shifts from yours quickly, glancing to the slowly-thinning out line of cars as she lightly rocks and bounces.... Frantically... Needfully... Worriedly....

You open your mouth to say something, but close it as the cars start moving at a much better pace.....Slowly.... but surely....

And you manage to finally escape the massive traffic jam!

"Oh thank god..." you say softly, but you see the blonde girl next to you grit her teeth, crossing one leg over another as she starts to accelerate quickly.... Eager to get out of the slow area....And likely, to find the next proverbial right turn.

"Ohhh...Ohhh..Gotta stop...Gotta stop..Gotta be a rest stop.." she whimpers as she starts to drive faster and faster still, prompting you to glance at the dial, and notice she's going well over...

"Tiffy, Slow down." you tell her sharply....The girl pausing, and turning her gaze to you...Looking flustered, and with tears welling in the corner of her eyes...

"I...I can't..! I gotta go...! I gotta go really badly..!" she pleads with you. "if I don't hurry up, I...I.."

"And if we get pulled over by a cop?" you state firmly.... Prompting a visible flinch.... A defeated whimper, and the reduction of maximum speed.... One of the girl's hands dipping from the wheel at this to rub at her lower belly. You see her part her legs for a few moments, getting a frontal view of her (still) white panties as her fingers run over the garment slowly.... carefully.... As if inspecting it for damage, when she can't dare to look.

"Uuuu... It's bad.. It's really bad...." she whimpers, prompting a flush from you as her legs lock again, rubbing and squeezing at herself. "Please... Please tell me there's a rest stop soon.."

You glance to the side of the road at this, seeing a green sign with the marks of her salvation.......Almost as if on cue...

"Aha... Ten miles!" you call, encouragingly. "Ten miles, take the right exit!"

You've had quite the journey, but seeing TIffy getting this close to an incident has gone on for long enough. In a few short minutes, she'll make that turn, hop out of the car, stagger to the bathrooms, and turn her personal faucet onto full blast.....

At least, that's what you were expecting to happen... But, roughly eight miles on the path to the turn, you suddenly hear a sharp mewl of shock... And the girl's face lights up in a blush...

"A..Ahhh... Ahhh...!!! A... A little came out..!" she helpfully announces, prompting her to squeeeeeeeze her legs together tighter, kneading into her now damp panties, as she leans forward again. "Ahhh... And another.. And another... And... Ahhh..!!"

You feel your heart racing, and see the girl's eyes squeeze half-shut in effort, as she keeps the wheel straight, but continues to hold herself.. Her gaze going downward, focusing on her predicament.

"A..are we at the turn? Please tell me we're at the turn.." she calls, as you glance up at the road.... Seeing the turn... And letting one last act of evil escape you.

"N..No.. not yet.." you answer, as she zooms past her exit.... Her last bastion of salvation. "C'mon.. we can't be much further now..."

"A..Augh.. Ahhhh.... I...I don't think I can hold it any longer..." the girl wails, squeezing her legs over one another tightly as her holding hand goes up to the wheel. "C..Can't make it anymore... Gotta pull over... Gotta stop... Gotta...!"

Her gaze moves to the road just long enough to pull off to the side..One of her feet moves to press on the brake tentatively, prompting a sudden jolt forward...

"Ahhhhh...!!!!"

The two of you being thrown forward slightly, you seeing a slowly growing puddle underneath the girl's white-pantied rump.....

"Aaahhhhhh...Haaaaaaahhhhh...!"

As the car comes to a stop, her fingers fumble for the seatbelt.... But, to no avail....

Ssssssshhhhhh...PSssshhpssssssshhhhhhhh....

As mere moments after the car stops, and before the pressure of the belt against her can be thwarted, you hear the telltale hissing, the needy groans of relief, and see the girl start to positively erupt with an incredibly vigorous, healthy spray of long-pent up piddle, coating one end of the seat to the other, and starting to splash down into the floorboards. The denim skirt darkens on either side of her, and even her sweater-bound chest seems to rise and fall rapidly as the girl moans, groans, and pants roughly... Unable to grasp anything with her fingers, unable to drive any further....Unable to do anything, but helplessly pee her formerly-pristine panties.... While you watch on, in awe....

"Ahhhh...Aahhhh...Ohhhnnn.. Ohhh..Ohhh.. it won't stop.." she sputters, her ears starting to slack as well, in what looks to be sheer, blissful. overwhelming relief for the catgirl.... As you struggle to find any words to piece together.....

After a few moments of Tiffy's faucet spraying, and more than a little gawking... You suddenly feel her red eyes gazing at you, hungrily.... As her strained, flustered expression, shifts into a.... different one....

"I..hope you don't mind seeing something so..notty.." she muses, the neck of her sweater seeming to be a bit looser for some reason, her ample chest being brought to your attention again... As she finally unclasps the seatbelt. "After all of this, we're going to have a lot of catching up to do on our trip.."

You aren't sure you're going to make it to your destination on time today......But, as your fingers get to run through the girl's blonde hair, and you get to pet her quite intimately, you're not exactly complaining.

===

[Shoutout to one of Faust's Favorite artists, whose character is featured in this story.]

@FastRunner2024

, Known more commonly for her twitter,

%https://twitter.com/NottyTiffy

Check her out: She's got amazing art, and does lovely work.

*062*2019-09-17 15:33

[Day 18: Amazingly Clucked up]

(Tags: Messing, Hypnotism?)

It was a beautiful day, out on the farm... The sun was shining, the sky was blue, and the farmer was up already to provide them with feed....

"C'mon girls! Breakfast is on!"

A quick scurry, a flutter of feathers, and a horde of chickens swarmed the feed.... Bending their heads down, and pecking at the feed.... A few roosters cawing in the distance, as breakfast was served. The clutter of hens carried all throughout the farm, as the farmer moved about to perform his daily activities.... Leaving a singular hen clucking around... Pecking at various spots of dirt on the ground, and investigating the area....

It was warm on her feathers...The breeze carried various strange scents through the area.....And the family moved about, around her. Other chickens, and hens fluttered about, prompting her to cluck affirmatively at them, or diminutively when one of them responded negatively. It was a great day...

"Alright girls, time to come in for the night...."

Like clockwork, the daylight faded away before she knew it, leaving but a starry, black sky....And the great big, shimmering orb in the sky. The hens all returned to their coop, prompting her to get to her own nestled area.... As she felt something coming....

An egg, ready to lay.

'B...b'Cawk...

A bit of strain, but the egg came out nicely, and neatly.. Prompting her to close her eyes, and let her body rest up... Content in keeping her egg safe for the night...

~~~~~~

"A hypnotist? Hah, everyone knows that stuff's bull." the voice of a girl with long green hair snarked, glancing over a sign at the mall. "Right, miss Maebara?"

"Well, I've read some novels where hypnotism was involved.." a middle aged woman, with shoulder-length brown hair mused, looking over it herself. "But, I don't think they were entirely truthful. Only one way to find out if this stuff is for real, Mion."

"Eh? You wanna watch it?"

"Mmm. Well, i wanna rest my arms, more than anything.." she confessed, both of the girls holding several large bags in their arms, as she started to move over to take a seat.

"Mmmm.....Fair enough." the green haired girl agreed, moving to take a seat beside her, as people started to flock in. There wasn't a massive crowd, but a few dozen people, it seemed the person was at least fairly known... As eyes looked expectantly to a stage.... A risen wooden platform, with a microphone on a stand.

"I mean, what's the worst that could happen?" she mused, starting to rest her hands in her lap... Bags left beside their chairs, as she tucked her jeans up a bit... Noticing them having slid down very slightly in their walking...

A few more minutes passed, before a figure finally dared to step onto it.... A man, with snowy-white hair, curled, yet furled, wearing black pants, and a striped, red and black shirt moved... Turning to the audience with a small smile....

"Hello there, dear audience.." he spoke after a bit, giving an exaggerated bow. "Today, I will be showing you all another trick of magic... A spell of sorts... An act of.... Hypnotism...."

Mion could be seen rolling her green eyes, but the magician didn't seem to notice, as he looked over the crowd.

"A most dangerous art, to be certain. People are such wonderfully, uncontrollable creatures. If you are to alter the minds of an individual, there's very little telling how they'll react... Or, how lasting the effects may be, if you're not careful in how you do it.."

The white haired magician looked about the audience at this, scanning over the crowd.... As he chuckled.

"And, of course, there's knowing how much to influence the person." he continued, as if searching for a target. "Too complex, and you risk them freezing up.. Too simple, and they become uncontrollable. It's a delicate balancing act..... But, one I can show you all today... If I can get a volunteer."

There was a murmuring in the audience, a quiet debate.... As the white haired magician's eyes firmly locked onto the brown haired woman..Gesturing with a hand.

"Would you be so kind as to join me?" he asked in a quiet... Polite.. yet worrying tone.... The brown haired woman pointing at herself with a finger...

"M...Me?" she asked, feeling a bit of a lurch in her stomach at the thought. She hadn't been part of a performance in a long time, and she never was good with public speaking....

"If you do not mind..." the magician added with a gentle smile, easing her worries a bit.... But, still leaving a bit of a heavy feeling in her stomach....

Pacing onto the wooden stage was a short, easy process... But, handling all of the gazes on her felt to be a bit more troublesome, as the man held out the microphone.

"And, what is your name, my fair lady?" the magician asked, holding it out to her....Prompting her to tense up, and flinch...

"U.Um, I'm Aiko Maebara." she answered quietly, starting to regret mall food... But, still anxious about the performance. Wasn't this the part where they told you what you would be doing? Or, at least hinted at you to play along?

"Mmm. I am Alcor, myself." the man mused, moving to pull up a stopwatch on a chain. "Tell me, do you believe in hypnotism, Miss Aiko?"

"I...erm.." she started, trying to look for some kind of visual cue from the Magician... Some subtle remark that gave her answer to her....But, he remained locked in his gentle, if somewhat worrying smile. "I...Don't know.."

"Well, i will be giving everyone a demonstration.." he mused, the watch moving back...and forth... Back...and forth. "So, you do not need to worry about anything. Just follow the watch, as it goes back.. and forth. Back... And forth.."

Her eyes followed the material, but it felt like something else was coming over her.... Prompting her gaze to go from a nervous glance... To an intense stare...As her mind started to drift off...

"Miss Aiko here, is now under my trance.." Alcor suddenly called to the audience, tucking away the watch.... As he looked to the audience. "She's quite susceptible to suggestion, it seems... So, why don't we start?"

Mion watched as the Magician turned back to Aiko, and started to whisper commands....

"You are a chicken, on a well kept, and safe farm." he started, with a smile. "It is now morning. Time will pass as I state. You shall do things as you would do, as a chicken. When I snap my fingers, your day begins. Three...Two...One..."

And with a snap of his fingers, the woman suddenly knelt down, her arms folded her at her sides, as she started to strut around the stage.

"Should any of you have anything light. Popcorn, chips, or some other kind of snack, please hold it out in your hand." Alcor called, prompting a few people to pull out bags, and the like. "For, it is feeding time. C'mon Girls! Breakfast is on!"

Aiko's head stretched up at this, as Alcor leaned into the microphone, the same, ever present smile still firm on his face.

"Now, call out to our chicken, and she will come feed from you. "

A few people stammered out greetings, and...As told, she started to scuttle towards the people in question, her head sticking up to look for the telltale signs of food.... Prompting her to bend her upper body to pluck the snacks from the people's outstretched hands... A chorus of 'oooohs' and 'aaahhs' ringing out....

"It...can't be real, can it?" Mion asked herself, reaching into one of her bags, and pulling out a few small candies. "Here, Miss Maebara... Here.."

The woman's gaze shifted up, scuttling through the chairs, and resting at Mion's waist level... Looking... searching... and expecting her food....

As Mion held out the candy... And, Aiko's head was in her hands at this, lips singling out each candy individually... And making a clucking noise, that sounded vaguely offended...

Afterwards, she started to scamper off.... Her jeans-clad posterior wiggling back and forth as she walked...Showing a purple material underneath as gravity started to take hold of them once more.....Clucking, and pecking merrily as she moved.

"Miss Aiko would stay like this indefinitely, if i did not intervene." the Magician called, making a gesture with his fingers. "For all intents and purposes, she believes she is a chicken, and doesn't acknowledge any part of her human life."

He leaned down to gesture at the woman's pants, normally an embarrassing sight... But, she truly paid it no mind... Looking around, and walking about in her weird, half-crouched walk.

"So, let's end this.." he stated, starting to raise his voice again. "Alright girls! Time to come in for the night...."

Aiko's crouched form turned at this, hobbling back up onto the stage, and starting to circle around... A chair that Mion wasn't entirely sure was there before being offered, which the woman quickly climbed up into...And nestled down.

"As you can see, this is nothing that should be played around with, or taken lightly." he started, the woman's eyes closing quietly...As she wriggled in her seat. "You do not know how people will react under the influence, and if you are not careful.... There can be some unexpected consequences...Or, persistent reactions, to certain words, or commands...."

As if on cue, the woman next to him to bite her lip... Groaning softly, and scrunching up her face.

"So, now, without further ado..." Alcor started, raising his hand......

"B...Ba-KAWK!" The woman half clucked, half groaned, leaning forward in her chair....

Crrrk...Crrrrrk...Crrkkkkle...

As the magician turned to look at the woman, who had a strained... Sweating face.... And, the purple material under her jeans was now certainly more visible... Along with a sizable amount of internal baggage... The man's gaze shifting...

And snapping quietly.

"Release..." he called, the woman suddenly opening her eyes wide... And gasping...

"B..bwah... Hu..huh?!" Aiko snapped hurriedly, seeing the crowd of people, hearing the thunderous applause.......

And feeling a warm, but unfamiliar sensation at the back of her jeans.... The pressure in her stomach descending...But similarly, already out in the seat of her jeans... Prompting a deep blush, a gasp of shock... And her hands cupping her mouth in a silent scream.....As the Magician made a bow... His gaze turning to hers.

'You should remain seated, until they leave.' his voice called to her.... Though, his mouth did not move... As she felt her stomach shifting.... And the solid pressure continuing to push it's way out of her.... Expelling the remainder of her lunch....As she panted, and flushed....

'O..Oh.... Oh God...What would everyone think...' she thought, trying to remember what had even happened. One moment she was looking at the watch, the other... She had taken her seat, and.. and....

"My apologies, dear... I did not intend to humiliate you like that.." he spoke softly to her, as the crowds started thinning out... Pulling out a small checkbook, as he signed one, and passed it over. "Please, bill me for those poor garments. Jeans, those purple panties.... And anything you deem fit for emotional damages..."

The woman blushed deeply as the paper was pressed to her fingers.....Mion coming up onto the stage after a bit.

"Is everything okay, Miss Maebara? You've been sitting there a while..."

"Ohhh, well.. Umm.." she stammered, trying to figure out how to explain to the girl what happened.... Yet, as she looked for the magician, he had vanished as mysteriously as he appeared....

'Who...Who was he?'

She would have quite a row, explaining to MIon that she had shamed herself... She would need to change, before they left the mall... And, for the next few days, she felt an incredible pressure in her stomach anytime someone mentioned the word 'Night' to her........And have an aversion to eggs for at least a few weeks....

=====

@Phosphorus

*067*2019-09-19 18:27

[Day 19: Voter's Choice]

"Aaaaa.... It's a disaster! A terrible development! The Absolute Worst!"

It was a race against time, a struggle of the ages, turmoil, of the most troubling type.....

"Go..gotta get the key in... Gotta get the key in the door..."

The girl from the Sixth day's trials.... A girl with long, shimmering, silver hair....Topped with a red-rimmed white hat, donned in her school uniform; A white, short-sleeved shirt that was lined at the edges with red as well, a matching red ribbon at the chest, and a short, black skirt that stopped just below the thighs. Glancing lower, one could see knee-high white socks covering the majority of her legs, ending with her feet, in brown loafers.

"C...C'mon Illya, you can do it!" she stated to herself, bouncing from foot to foot, one hand pressed to the front of her skirt...While the other held a small, silver key... That she was currently trying to shove into the keyhole of the door....But shaking too badly to do anything less than ding it repeatedly. "J..Just...Just gotta... Gotta steady....steady your hands..ann...Annnnnd...J...J..Jam it in...!"

The key scraped against the edges of the lock, as the silverette quivered.... Shook....Trembled....... Before finally...

"A..Ahh..! It went in!" she called out triumphantly, twisting and turning... Both the key in the lock, and her legs over one another.... As she struggled, strained, and tensed.... One eye squeezing shut, as the sound finally rang out..

Ka-lick....

And her hand could finally delve down... Twisting the knob, and barging in without even removing the key from the door.

"I..I'm home! I'm home!" she cried out loudly, one of her fingers digging to peel off her shoes at the door. "I..I'll g..get to my chores in a minute, Promise!"

She couldn't even get the other shoe off properly, stepping on the front of her other shoe as she crossed her legs over the other way....Trying to pry her foot from her shoe without having to bend over, and endanger herself....

"Ahhh.. Ahhh..gotta hurry..!! Gotta hurry..!" she repeated over and over, kicking the shoe the rest of the way off.... As she darted across her humble abode. charging to the all important room...And gripping the knob...

Clkclk...

"Awah?!" the girl sounded, tugging and yanking on the doorknob...to no avail. "Nononono...! O..Open up! Pl..Please..!!"

"Hm...? Illya? I'll be out in a minute!" a voice called from inside the bathroom. "Just about finished with my shower..."

"Shh...Shhhower?!" Illya sounded, feeling a surge of pressure, as her other hand rocketed to the front of her skirt. "Y...You don't understand! I've been holding it since third period! Someone blew up the toilets! I need to go RIGHT NOW!"

A small, uneasy chuckle could be heard from the other end of the door.... Dampened by the tortuous sounds of running water.....As Illya kneaded her personal faucet, shifting and writhing as she stuck her bottom out, leaning forward.

"I'll try to hurry..." a boy's voice called out to her, as she bobbed up and down.... Bending her knees, and shifting wildly... The pounding in her lower belly starting to get insistent....Troubling..... Demanding....

"P...please....please...hurry..!" she pleaded, her fingers cupping her most tender, personal area...Holding, pressing, and rubbing vigorously...... "It's bad...I..I don't know how long I can hold it..!"

She clenched her teeth, squeezed her eyes shut every so many shifts.... Starting to audibly whimper, as the daunting, dangerous warmth slowly inched closer and closer to escape......

"Ohhhh.... Ohhh..Ohhh...Ohhhh..." she groaned, clenching with all of her might as she started to shook wildly in place... Before finally freezing up.

Pss...

"Ahhhh...!! Awawawawa!!!!" the girl suddenly wailed, blushing deeply as the lightest of warmth graced her garments....And one of her hands moved up to pound at the door. "Hurry, Hurry! I'm wetting! I'm gonna pee!"

The first spray of warmth had escaped... Followed by a second... and a third..... As the girl started to pound on the door wildly, squeezing herself as best she could.

"If..If you don't...Don't hurry I'm..I'm...I'm.." she stammered, starting trail off....Before hearing the tortuous sounds of water finally cease......Followed by..

"Alright, Alright, I'm coming out!" The boy's voice called out quickly, as she bit her bottom lip....Her other hand dipping down once more to squeeze at her increasingly warming garments...

Clk...Clk...

As the door in front of her opened....Leaving only the form of her towel-clad brother figure in the way....

"Awaaaaaaahhhh...!!!"

As she ducked under his arm and planted her bottom onto the commode, her hands straining to lift her skirt..

Psssh...Psssshhhh

And peel her damp white panties away from her personal faucet.... Just as her lower muscles finally gave out...

PsssshhhhSsssshhhhsssssssshhhhh

And she began to vigorously let out all of her pent-up piddle.... A clear stream arcing from her strained girlhood...As her whole body started to shudder wildly...

"H..Haaaaahhhh... Aaaaahhhhhhhhhh...."

Some moisture was clinging to her inner thighs, and she could feel a touch of warmth on her thighs.... But, aside from a prominent wet patch at the front, she had managed to salvage her panties.... For the most part.

"Umm....Wow..." a voice suddenly snapped her out of the trance of tinkle-relief... Her brother's gaze turning to the bathroom wall quietly...As he blushed deeply.

In her haste, she hadn't even thought about getting the door closed... Much less keeping track of him...

"H..H..Hey...Heyheyhey..!!!" she stammered, blushing deep red as she squeezed her eyes shut. "S..S..Stop staring! Stop watching! Stop Listening!!!!! G..Get out!!!"

"B..but, my clothes.." he weakly protested, as she continued to gush into the toilet...

"OUT!!!!!!"

The towel-clad visage of her brother scampered out at this, leaving her alone with her thoughts, her tinkle, and the mind-numbing relief....

She'd worry about her lewd brother, her moist panties, her chores, and everything else that piled up in the day later.... For now...

"Aaaaahhhh..."

She just needed to enjoy this feeling....

=======

*070*2019-09-20 18:04

AuthorFaust: Alright, so Day 20's story is going to take a few days, more than likely.... But, it comes with a small bit of audience participation.....

For this story, I will need you (Yes, All of you) Commenters to put forth a (Thankfully small) answer to something:

Who is your favorite female character..... That has previously been written by Faust?

The most basic of answers, just being selecting a person (From whichever stories, interactives, etc.) from any of my writings. I plan to select more than a few of those selected, for the last official story for this.....

And, if you want to incentivize me to select your...selection, then feel free to mention what else you like about the character. Their way of speaking? Their perceived appearance? Personality? Attitude? Their figure?

Anything you like, be as descriptive, or simple as you wish in talking about who you like best. (And yes, you can pick more than one: So long as you give them a touch of detail)

The only rule in regards, is They have to have been written by Faust Prior. If it's someone niche, or relatively unknown, then make sure to remind me where they come from. Just to prove they were used.

Anyways, have fun! Pick whomever, and prepare for.... At least acceptable material, i hope.

