The Cascade

Author: Spambulance

*000*2016-08-26 16:47

This is the first part of what I hope will become a longer series, unless the reaction is overwhelmingly negative. This is my first attempt at any kind of fetish fiction- feedback welcome.

{{:

Quote

It was a Tuesday, the day I decided to become a superhero. I know it was a Tuesday, because things started after a training session at the pool. It had been a pretty hard workout that day because things were starting to gear up before the first major competition of the university season, so by the time I finished my cool down laps, I needed to pee reasonably badly but I’d made plans with Sarah to…

Hold on. I breezed straight over that, but it probably sounds quite odd and I guess it ends up being important later on, so I’d better explain. For some reason I’ve never understood, I always seem to be more on top of my game when I need to go to the toilet. I don’t know when it started, but for as long as I can remember, I’ve always felt stronger, faster and smarter when I’m in need of a bathroom break. I’m sure it must occupy some sort of middle ground between superstition and placebo effect, but honestly, the more desperate I am, the more I feel like I can take on anything.

I’ve tried to subtly broach the subject with some of the other girls, but from what I can gather it has the complete opposite effect on more or less everyone else. I never pressed the subject because I didn’t want to seem like some weirdo who was unnaturally preoccupied with everyone else’s toilet habits, but that’s the impression I get. For a while I thought about seeing a doctor or getting some tests done to find out what the deal was, but I dismissed that pretty quickly because how the hell do you even explain that to a doctor?

“Doctor, I feel like a god damn rock star when I need to visit the little girls room, what’s wrong with me?”

Of course, ever since that Tuesday when I was 19 and in my second year at uni, getting anyone else to investigate has been pretty much off the table. I can’t risk doing anything to blow my cover. What if they do some tests and reveal alien DNA, or a genetic mutation, or a radioactive spider bite and figure out who I am?

Besides, it’s not like I’m actually sick or anything. It doesn’t cause me any problems day to day. For the most part. Sure, there was the Chemistry GCSE exam when I was 16. The one where I went for a nervous wee 5 minutes before the start of the exam and literally pissed away 2 years of studying. It was as if everything I knew about the periodic table and catalysts and reactions was draining from my brain directly into the toilet bowl via my bladder.

Then, of course, I made the opposite mistake with my English literature exam 3 days later, refused to go to the bathroom for hours beforehand and ended up having to truncate what had been an excellent essay about Macbeth, so that I could leave and rush to the toilet. I ended up abandoning about a quarter of the points I was planning to make, as well as my sodden knickers, stashed in a bin after the dam burst while I was closing the cubicle door. Thankfully my skirt somehow stayed dry, but I spent the rest of the day intensely aware that a strong gust of wind or a clumsy moment could mean that I left school known as The Girl Who Went Commando And Flashed Her Bush To All And Sundry. Still, it would have been preferable to starting sixth form with everyone knowing I had pissed myself at 16 years old.

After that, I became a lot more cautious, making sure that I didn’t overstretch myself and get in trouble again. Perhaps that’s why I became so serious about swimming. After all, if the worst comes to the worst and you get too desperate while you’re in the pool, nobody’s going to know, are they? There were probably a few times when my coach or team mates noticed that my stamina had fallen off a cliff half way through a session, but there was no risk of real embarrassment.

Usually.

The one exception to this was absolutely mortifying. It still makes me feel sick to think about it. In my first year of university, at Regionals, I was determined to come through my heat and qualify for Nationals. I was already the fastest free-style swimmer on the squad over 100m, but I had no idea how I would stack up against girls from elsewhere. In the 24 hours before the race, I must have put away an inhuman amount of food. It didn’t go unnoticed by the rest of the team, but I laughed it off and pointed out that Michael Phelps eats something like 12,000 calories a day. I was sipping water every few minutes right up until I had to go to poolside and by the time I got out there, I knew 2 things. Firstly, if I could avoid having an accident before the gun went off, I was going to smash my personal best. Absolutely blow it out of the water, no pun intended. Secondly, I was going to have no time to lose in getting back to the changing rooms and making use of the facilities.

I found my lane and readied myself for action, feeling stronger than I had in my entire life, with my insides begging for mercy all the while. By now, I was cursing my stupidity. I was terrified that I was about to become the biggest laughing stock in the team and in the whole sport. If I pooed myself now, there would be no hiding it. Everyone at uni would find out. I’d have to drop out of my course. I was sure that the races were being filmed. I would be an accidental Youtube sensation, the girl who shat herself. What had I been thinking? I should have trusted myself to win without having to resort to my bizarre performance enhancement techniques.

Still, it was too late now. I couldn’t just walk out of the heat. The team’s funding is determined by how the swimmers performed at Nationals, and they were counting on me to at least qualify. What could I say? I couldn’t tell the truth. I would seem insane. No, I was going to have to tough this one out.

As the officials told us to take our positions, I stood on my block and bent over and… oh no… This was not the position for someone in my predicament. I felt a couple of drops of pee escape and an awful shifting in my bowels. My swimming costume was black and already wet from the showers on the way in, so I knew that nobody would notice such a small leak. I was safe for now, but the situation was dire. I almost cheered in relief when the race began. I dived into the cool water and surfaced, grinning internally, as I prepared to power away. Everything was going to be ok, I was going to make it!

Unless…

Unless the stupid girl in the lane to my left had made a false start. Unless we were called back. Unless I had to haul myself out of the pool again. Unless I had to wait what felt like another eternity for the restart. Unless I had to bend over again ready to dive.

I retook my position and was sure that this was it. I could say goodbye to my pride, my place on the team, my social life. There seemed to be a crushing inevitability now that I was about to face the ultimate humiliation. I would become legend. I was about to soil myself, here, in front of everyone, with my arse in the air, pointing backwards at my coach, friends and team mates.

But then the race started again, cleanly this time and I was away. I surged through the water at incredible speed. I knew this was going to be fast. Really fast. At the halfway point I turned and I could tell that I was clear of my opposition already and that the race was mine, barring disaster.

Right on cue, I felt my bladder control falter. The water between my thighs warmed in spurts as I swam and my strength began to fade with each leak. To make matters worse, my bowels were now screaming with an urgency which I could scarcely ignore. I couldn’t believe it. With victory in sight, I was about to throw everything away in the most humiliating fashion possible. I was going to publicly mess myself, while everyone’s attention was focussed solely on me.

I hadn’t realised how close to the side of the pool I was, until my hand made contact with it and snapped back to awareness. I was out of the pool like a shot, scrabbling to pull myself onto dry land. I made a beeline for the changing rooms, but found myself surrounded by team mates whooping and cheering. 3 or 4 of them tried to hug me, apparently unaware of the urine which was by now cascading down my legs and splashing onto their feet. I suppose they couldn’t tell it was anything but pool water. I couldn’t bear any extra pressure on my abdomen and I shoved them away. Someone, I’m not sure who, pointed at the digital clock on the wall. Even as I fought my way through the throng, I glanced across and became aware that I’d beaten not only my own PB, but the university’s record as well. It was scant consolation in the face of the huge embarrassment I knew I was about to bring upon myself.

By the time I got clear of my friends, I could feel something emerging from inside me. I was sure that anyone who knew to look would have been able to see the wet fabric of my swimsuit clinging to something small between my buttocks, but I managed to halt its progress before a complete catastrophe. I found myself at the entrance to the changing rooms and darted around the corner to the area housing the toilet cubicles. With one hand I yanked open a cubicle door, while with the other I confirmed what I had already suspected- I could feel something solid poking out between my cheeks and against the material of my swimming costume.

I could only hope that nobody had spotted that I had started to poo myself. It hadn’t even occurred to me that by checking my backside, I would only be drawing attention to my accident, if there were anyone around to see. Fortunately, there wasn’t anyone in the toilet area to see me, with my hand on my bottom, frantically leaping into the cubicle, desperate to avoid totally emptying my bowels. I slammed shut the door, slid the bolt across and began clawing at the top of my swimming costume, trying to pull it down.

A competitive swimming costume covers far more skin than something you might wear to the beach. Mine went from just above my knees all the way to my shoulders and when it was wet, it was a nightmare to take off, even when I wasn’t currently shitting myself, but there was no other option. Unlike a more fashion conscious one-piece, there was no hope of pulling it aside while I finished my business. I would have to get the whole thing down below my bum.

I managed to free my left arm and breast before I started to feel the contents of my abdomen shift again. This time, there was no stopping it and I could only stand there, distraught, as I filled the seat of my bathing suit with waste.

I could tell immediately that the inside of my swimsuit was in a horrendous state. From the warm, itchy sensation, it seemed that the mess had spread, coating my crotch and also some of my lower back. I was now completely at a loss as to what to do. I couldn’t face removing my costume yet to see the full scale of the disaster, but I was certain that the toilet paper in the cubicle would not clean up anywhere near enough of the accident to allow me to scuttle to the communal showers and finish the job. A mere cursory glance at my filthy backside would give the game away for certain. In despair, I sat on the toilet and cried.

And then, a gentle knock on the door of the cubicle.

“Are you ok?”

It was Sarah, my closest friend from the swimming team.

“Not really, no.”

“Can I come in?”

I had no desire to reveal my predicament to anyone, but this was probably a best case scenario. I trusted Sarah, and if anyone would be willing to keep the whole thing secret, it was probably her. I thought for a moment, slowly drew the bolt aside and opened the door. The little redhead entered, to be greeted by the sight of me with tears streaking down my face and one tit still hanging out. An unpleasant odour had started to hang in the air.

“I had an accident,” I whimpered, stating the obvious.

“It happens to the best of us. I don’t think anyone else realised.”

From then on, Sarah was an absolute life saver. She explained that there was a separate disabled bathroom where I would be able to shower on my own, but that it would mean briefly sneaking through part of the dry side of the building, which seemed like a better option than hoping nobody walked into the communal shower area while I was naked and covered in my own crap. At least that way, I would be sure to avoid the rest of my friends. I began to pull the swimsuit back up over my shoulder, but I couldn’t stand the feeling of the disgusting mess smearing even more than it had already, so I left it as it was for now. Somebody seeing my boob was the least of my worries at this point.

Sarah, running reconnaissance to check that the coast was clear, smuggled me out into the main building and down the corridor to the door of the disabled bathroom. The locked door of the disabled bathroom.

Just as I was about to bolt back to the relative safety of the ladies’ changing room, the lock clicked and the door swung open to reveal a guy from one of the other universities at the event.

“I’m sorry!” He mumbled, as though it was somehow his fault that I was running around in a state of undress, only half-wearing a thoroughly soiled bathing suit. He fled, continuing to apologise, as Sarah bundled me into the safety of the disabled bathroom and locked the door behind us.

Having reached sanctuary, the enormity of the situation hit me again. I had disgraced myself, in public, no less. Sarah, a close friend, had found out. I’d exposed myself to some random stranger. I began to cry again, but, truth be told, I was through the worst of it. Sarah fetched my kit bag, I got myself clean and as far as I could tell, nobody else was any the wiser.

By the time the team was boarding the bus, ready to drive back to the university, I’d more or less pulled myself together. My bathing suit was a write off and I’d had to wrap it in a plastic bag and sneak it into one of the industrial bins outside the sports centre, but other than that and the embarrassment of having Sarah witness the incident, the physical and psychological damage was minimal enough that I could pretend everything was fine. In the grand scheme of things, I’d had a major let off.

Just as I neared the front of the queue, though, I turned around to catch a glimpse of a familiar looking face. A tall, broad-shouldered boy, roughly the same age as me, with dark hair, still wet from swimming. He had a distinctive, slightly crooked nose, which looked as though it might have been broken and not quite set straight. It was the guy from outside the disabled bathroom, waiting to get on his own team’s bus. He was talking to someone else from his team. Looking at me. Pointing. I felt my face flush and I turned my back to him, hurrying onto the bus.

What had he been saying? That I’d crapped myself? That he’d seen my boob? Maybe he’d been so distracted by my tit flapping around that he’d failed to notice my toilet catastrophe entirely. Maybe he was able bodied and was just laughing about being caught using the disabled bathroom. Maybe he’d been so embarrassed that he’d registered neither anatomy nor accident. Surely that was too much to hope for. He wasn’t blind, after all. Although that would explain why he’d been using the disabled loo.

Anyway, I got kind of side tracked, didn’t I? Where was I? Ah yes, the superhero thing.

}}

