The Saint's Travels One Shot

Author: Keita123

*000*2017-01-16 16:52

This following story took place around a year ago, at the annual knighting ceremony of the kingdom. The Saint was there, replacing the Pope as the one who gave blessing to the newly recruited knights. Many recruits were happy of this change, seeing how they really wished to see the Saint herself up close.

The ceremony was performed on the open ground, due to the amount of recruits the kingdom received this year. Helen was standing in the middle, wearing a sleeveless one-piece white dress with a circlet on her head and a pair of white slippers on her feet. She also wore a blue cloak that fluttered behind her . The Pope, wearing his usual ceremonial white priest outfit, and the knight commander, wearing her armor that covered her lower half nicely yet leaving her cleavage visible, stood beside her, a little to the back. One by one, the new recruits kneeled in front of her, looking upwards at her as she kissed them on their forehead.

"May the Creator be with you," Helen said afterwards.

The recruits were supposed to stay silent on the whole process, but some of them couldn't resist the opportunity of conversing with the Holy Saint herself. Most of them said something like "Oh, milady! I promise, I shall serve you with my whole body and soul! I would die at your command!" . But, there was one youth who grabbed her arms before saying "Remember me, Milady? Milady visited my village when you were just a girl! And you cured my mother's blindness! Ever since then, I dreamed of this day where I could repay my debt to you!" with an intensely heated eyes.

"What is the meaning of this? Recruit, release her at once!" the knight commander ordered as she drew her sword.

"I will train hard and I will rise up in the ranks and one day I'll be--"

"Recruit!" Alicia's voice boomed.

The youth reluctantly released his grip before returning back to the others.

The knight commander approached Helen, and she said while kneeling to her, "Do not worry, milady. I will make sure that the boy would be expelled immediately after--"

"That is not necessary, Alicia" Helen replied with a warm smile. "He was merely expressing his love for me."

"B-but, milady, he dared to touch you without--"

"It's fine. I am merely an emissary of the Creator God. I am not a god. I am human, just like you."

Noticing Helen's gentle yet stern expression, Alicia relented. Every time she met her, she didn't feel like a 16-year old girl at all. She could overwhelm her, a 30-year old veteran knight.

As expected from the Saint, Alicia thought to herself.

The ceremony continued on for the next hour, which there were a couple more talkative recruits, though nothing as brave as the youth. But now, the Saint's mind was starting to be diverted to another matter.

The fact that she needed to pee.

Since the ceremony took place on an open ground, Mary made sure that she drank a lot of water beforehand so she would have the strength to stand for that long, and not just faint from dehydration. But Mary was quite overreacting since the weather was forecast, making the water she drank all fill her bladder instead of coming out as sweat.

She inferred from the remaining recruits that she still had another hour to go. She believed she could still make it just fine however, so it didn't bother her that much other than the occasional crossing of her legs and the tapping of her feet.

But she was not the only person who was desperate in that ceremony.

Alicia's stomach had been rumbling ever since the ceremony started. She was totally fine just a half hour ago, yet when the ceremony started, she was clenching her anus tight in order to not make a mess of herself.

And now, two hours had passed. As a warrior, she was trained to hold her need until she could have a safe opportunity to go. Yet her stomach kept churning and rumbling, pumping more waste to be expelled.

To her embarrassment, she had farted a few times during the ceremony. Lucky for her neither the Saint nor the pope smelled the stench., thanks to the wind blowing away from them.

The fart when she kneeled in front of the Saint was the worst though. it was pretty wet and she was sure she had crapped in her panties a little. But she kept her stoic and professional knightly expression, even when she was farting.

Thirty more minutes. Now, Helen was feeling quite seriously uncomfortable. When she leaned down to kiss the recruits, she would keep her tights pressed together. And her movements started to become more stiff and restrained. Alicia on the other hand, was sweating bullets. It took all her effort to keep her poop inside of her. She kept repeating to herself that she could hold it, that 30 more minutes were nothing and she could reach the chamberpot before she utterly lost it. And amazingly, she still kept her composure during this state.

Fifteen more minutes.

"May the Creator be with---ooh"

Helen could feel her face reddening as she just spurted in her panties. Her little freeze made the recruit look at her with a confused look.

"--be with you." she continued. "I-I apologize. I am getting quite fatigued."

"O-oh no, please don't apologize!" the female knight replied. "It must be tiring for Milady to stand here for such a long period of time. Really, what was the Pope thinking, telling Milady to do this?"

Helen smiled hearing her concern. "It's fine. It's not his fault for I asked him to. I wish to know you all better. It is the least I could do to return your loyal servitude."

"Y-youre too kind, milady!" she said, teary eyed.

Behind her, Alicia was faring worse. She could tell that if she moved a muscle, she would lose control and she would mess all over her panties, right in front of everyone. If any of it actually leaked through her armor, her reputation would be finished.

And then, a fly landed on her nose, making her sneeze.

"A-ah, it's coming out..." she mumbled as she looked down, pursing her lips, with her face beet red.

Her muscles automatically expelled all the mess she had been holding, first to her panties, then to her pants, and finally to her armor. The mush enveloped her entire butt, and she could smell the horrible stench starting to appear.

"And with that, I conclude the ceremony of knighthood. You are all dismissed," the Pope announced. The recruits did as he told, going back to their barracks.

"Saint Helen, are you all right, my dear? Your face looks quite pale," he said when he approached her.

"Y-yes, Frederick, I-I'm fine. I-I just wish to rest." Helen said.

"Of course. you must be tired for standing all those three hours. I've told you it would be hard but you wouldn't listen, my girl."

"I-it is worth it, Frederick. I met many good soldiers today. This kingdom is in safe hands," Helen said, with a stiff smile.

"Go on ahead then. I still need to talk with Alicia."

Helen nodded as she slowly walked away from the field, with her hands on her lap.

Her room was thankfully quite close. But it was situated on the third floor, so she would have to climb two set of stairs to reach her relief.

Oh God, please help me, she thought to herself with a pursed lips.

She put her right foot gingerly on the step. She lifted her body, her bladder threatening to let her urine loose.

Every step was like torture to her. She was never this close to wetting herself before.

But, she made it to her room with just a couple more leaks that only left a few unnoticeable drops on the stairs.

The moment she arrived, she ran towards the chamberpot, throwing her slippers and pulling down her panties.

"Oh, thank you, thank you my Lord," she muttered as she relieved herself above the pot. That was really close. A minute more, and she might just have exploded right in front of her room.

Alicia slowly and subtly put a distance between her and the Saint and Pope after she messed herself. She intended to just walk off casually right when the ceremony was over. However, the old man Frederick called upon her, making her have to approach him.

"The minister wishes to see you after--- my Lord, what is that smell?"

Alicia's heart skipped a beat.

"W-what smell, milord?" she asked, playing it cool.

"That smell, it smells like something terribly rotten,"

"I-I do not know, milord. I don't smell anything. A-anyhow, if milord has no more business with me, then I shall take my leave."

Alicia bowed to him, making her mess shift a little inside her armor. And then, she walked back to her room like nothing ever happened. Her armor had succeeded in containing all of her waste.

(Just a little idea of mine, written to waste time. Feel free to write your own one shots here, Blooper.)

*003*2017-01-19 16:08

"Miss Alicia, I wish to test my mettle in combat with you," so said Helen one day. Of course, it came as quite a surprise to the knight-commander, as all this time she had only been training in dodging the attacks of her paladins. Sure, with her miracle, she was able to dance around them as they swung their sword at her futilely, but she never really went on the offensive. So she asked again to clarify what she meant.

"Yes, it is a duel. I will attack," Helen replied, still with a smile on her face.

"B-but milady, you haven't had any real combat training before. Y-you can't possibly--"

"It's alright, Alicia," interrupted Helen. "Seeing how my departure date was coming soon, I believe the Creator has granted me more powers he believes are necessary for my upcoming journey. I have faith that I would be able to at least contest you."

Alicia's nose wrinkled. The Creator again, huh? Her ability to outmaneuver her most elite paladins was because of him too. Wish he would pay attention to his knights too.

"Very well then. We shall spar tomorrow noon after I finish my duties."

"God damn it, I'm late," Alicia said as she hurried on into the courtyard where their battle would be held. She had been busy with all the administrative papers she had to do, forgetting that the time for the fight was now.

And to make matters worse, she also needed to pee real bad, with her having no breaks since morning and all the drinks she had while she was working.

But there was no time for her to relieve herself, as she didn't want to embarrass herself in front of the saint by being late.

When she arrived however, the saint was nowhere to be found. Alicia groaned in annoyance as she rushed here for nothing. She walked around, swinging her hips here and there, fidgeting impatiently for her to arrive.

She thought this would be her chance to go to a chamberpot, but she remembered how in the part of this castle, the nearest chamberpot would be around fifteen minutes of walk. If she went now, she might miss the saint coming here and she would be branded late.

She really hoped she would hurry so she could finish it as fast as she could and go relieve herself.

After thirty minutes of waiting, a time she could have used to go to the chamberpot, she noted with annoyance, Helen finally arrived. She was wearing a white sleeveless long dress that tightly hugged her slender waist before spreading out at the bottom. She was also wearing a pair of bracelets on her hands and a choker, both golden.

"Ah, you're already here, Miss Alicia. I apologize for my tardiness. I had to take care of some... personal need first before I could come here," she said with a little blush on her face.

Alicia noticed her little pause and her blush. Could it be that she had to go to the chamberpot too? And she actually got to go but not her because she foolishly stood here waiting for her?

She had a mind to tell her that she needed to go to the chamberpot first before they begun, but she didn't want to appear weak in front of her. What kind of a knight-general ask for a potty break? That, and she figured she would be able to end the battle quickly before she went past her bursting point.

"Shall we begin then?" Helen asked.

"O-of course," Alicia answered, her thoughts back to the upcoming battle.

She told the saint to take a distance, around 30 feet or so. She then drew her sword, taking her stance. Alicia didn't wear full armor for this exercise. She only wore her white shirt and her light brown trousers.

"You're not wearing your armor, Alicia?" Helen asked. "I'm going all out, you know,"

"It's being cleaned right now. And I'm confident that I can take milady on without them," Alicia answered. Even though she was the saint, Alicia still had her knightly pride. She didn't intend to lose to someone who had not trained as hard as she was.

"Very well then," Helen replied. "So, what should be the signal?"

Alicia brought out a coin from her breast pocket. "When this hits the ground, we begin."

She then flipped the coin to the air. And, a second later, the battle started.

Alicia took the offensive, running right at Helen. Helen however, didn't look surprised in the slightest, as if she had anticipated this. The saint understood her personality quite well, she supposed.

Her first swing missed, as the saint deftly dodged her blade with merely proning her body a little to the left. She swung again and again and again, and every time Helen dodged all of them perfectly without any wasted movement.

This, however, was in her plan.

She then suddenly changed her attack to one of thrusting. With the angle her sword came from, there was no way the saint could dodge it the same way she dodged her other blows.

However...

What the? She blocked it with her bracelet?

Indeed she did. Her blade was blocked perfectly by the golden bracelet she wore on her right arm.

That bracelet didn't even receive a scratch! And it's an attack by my enhanced holy avenger! It must be some high-level magic item!

All these thoughts distracted her from Helen's palm striking her right at her stomach.

It hit with such an impact that her body went flying a good five feet before she landed nicely on top of her feet.

That was a palm strike! A monk's technique! Is this the new miracle the Creator God had given her?

She stood there, awed at the saint's attack. It made her not realize the stream running down her legs, soaking her trousers before pooling down on the dirt.

"M-Miss Alicia..." said Helen, surprised at what she saw, "Oh no, I strike you so hard I make you wet yourself."

Alicia look downwards. Sure, there it was. The pee flowing from her crotch.

"A-a-a-a-a-a.. t-this isn't what it looks like! T-this isn't what it looks like!"

Alicia's face went beet red as she closed her legs, trying to stem the flow. But her bladder refused to cooperate, ending with her awkwardly standing there for a good two minutes before her stream finally petered off.

"I-it's alright, miss. I won't tell anyone," Helen said, breaking the ice. Even her usual composed self was at loss on what to say here. "A-And here, let me clean that up for you."

Helen approached the still stunned Alicia. Then, she waved her right hand over her wet trousers. The moment she did so, they miraculously went dry instantaneously. Not even the smell remained.

"It's a little miracle I learned," explained Helen. "The Creator God was nice enough to give basic prestidigitation-like miracles like this. It should prove quite useful in the journey."

"And I think I shall call this a draw for now. Please bring your armor next time, Miss,"

Since that day on, Alicia knew not to underestimate the saint ever again. She took it as a lesson from the Creator to tone down her knightly pride and devote herself more to him.

*006*2017-01-25 09:02

So, this is the Great and Holy Saint Helen, huh? I will have lots of fun with her - so thought Alice, licking her lips, when she met Helen for the first time up close.

Alice was a mage living in the kingdom, though she wasn't really born there. She came here to research the place, to see just how a bunch of people could worship a god that doesn't really give anything to them in return.

Indeed, she had quite a low opinion on the populace here, and that extended to the Saint herself. She thought she was just a pretend Saint, that her powers were no match against her, a high-ranking mage.

She must be really naive, just strolling in here and requesting for a mage to pair with to exorcise some demons with. Didn't she hear about the stories of her paladins wetting and messing themselves in the presence of them? She will ruin that pretty white dress of hers as well, as she cries like a baby.

Alice licked her lips once more. The Saint was just the kind of girl she wanted to see having an accident. She could tell that a brown stain would look great on her butt-hugging dress.

Alice herself was wearing a tight leather shirt that defined the shape of her small breasts well, with a really short red skirt that freely showed her red striped panties whenever she moved. She noticed how Helen would blush whenever she caught a glimpse of her underwear, adding to her excitement. What an innocent little Saint, she thought.

"So, have you already emptied your bladder and bowels? Don't want the great Saint to have an accident, now would we?" she asked with a mocking voice.

"Yes, of course," Helen replied with a smile, "I know how the demons can cause incontinence to females, so I make sure to take care of my business before going here,"

Tch, she really had relieved herself beforehand, it seemed. No matter. The demons had an effect on filling yourself as well so eventually she would need to go again.

"Then, let us depart right away. There have been sightings of a demon tiger on the western forest."

Unfortunately for Alice, she had forgotten to relieve herself beforehand. The last time she did was yesterday night. And now, her bowel and bladder were already filled quite a bit.

"Now, I'll show you a little spell to track the de--"

"The creature is located around three miles to the northwest."

"H-hey, it's not nice to interrupt someone like that!"

Helen just gave Alice a smile as she took the front, heading towards the demon on herself. Alice was noticeably annoyed by this. She thought she would be the one leading her. But now she looked like she was her sidekick instead!

And to make matters worse, she could feel how she needed to pee and poop as well. Curses! She had forgotten to go to the bathroom beforehand!

And she couldn't very well ask the Saint for her to have a bathroom break. She could already imagine her smirking haughtily at such an embarrassing display!

Thus, the two continued trekking through the trees and bushes. Alice wondered how the Saint could move with such ease wearing a long dress, without getting it stuck in branches and the like. Little did she know, the combination of the dress' shapely design and Helen's own blessing made it quite a comfortable wear even in this kind of place.

After walking for a while, Helen suddenly stopped, her right hand signalling for Alice to stop as well.

"It's right there, in front of us, a little to the left." she said.

Alice channeled her own detection magic, and she indeed found her statement to be true.

This was her chance. She would show this uppity girl that she could handle this beast on her own.

"Stay back! I'll take care of it myself!"

Alice then activated her teleport spell, sending herself right into the beast. She arrived at a clearing, dead, chopped-down trees all around her. And right in front of her was the tiger itself.

It was enveloped in a dark, purplish aura, as its red eyes glared at Alice. Alice gulped as she felt terror seeping into her heart. And she could feel her need increasing exponentially. She would need to finish this as quickly as she could.

She cast her Thunder spell, sending a burst of electricity towards the demon. However, it easily dodged it, a feat that surprised Alice since it was her fastest spell. The tiger leaped towards her, but she dodged his attack via her quick short-range teleport spell. Next, she tried her nature spell, summoning vines to grab and immobilize the tiger from the ground. At first, it seemed to work but the vines quickly died out, an effect of the demon's dark aura.

A spurt suddenly dampened Alice's panties, followed by a fart. She really needed to finish this soon.

But before she could try anything, the tiger leaped towards her. She teleported once more but this time it managed to anticipate that and quickly leaped towards where she escaped to.

There was no time to dodge once more. So she took the blunt hit of the tiger's claws, sending her crashing into a tree. It wasn't fatal however, since she already cast a forcefield spell on herself beforehand.

However, it did an impact on her holding capability, making her wet herself throughout as she pushed logs after logs of her poo into her panties.

I-I lost... I-I lost control before the Saint did... I would have no right to tease her now...

But speaking of the Saint, Alice saw Helen finally reaching the clearing. And she just stood there, glaring at the tiger as the tiger glared back. They stayed in that position for a good five minutes, before the tiger finally made the first move and leaped at her.

And it was the creature's biggest mistake, as the Saint shot out a beam of light from her palm, bisecting it easily like it was nothing.

The tiger dissolved into nothingness as its darkness receded.

Helen walked towards Alice, her nose wrinkling when she smelled her mess.

"So this is why mages need knights to act as a distraction for the demons..." she said as she offered her hand to Alice.

"Y-yes, I-I suppose. I have gotten... quite cocky back there..." Alice replied.

"Now, let's go back home, shall we?" Helen said with a smile.

On the way home, Alice could only think how she had been quite unjust to Helen. She hadn't mocked her at all for her accident. She didn't even make a reference to it. Perhaps she was a genuine Saint after all.

On the corner of her eyes, however, Alice noticed her fidgeting and squirming. Her mind immediately went to the fact that she had extended contact with the demon. Her bladder and bowel must have filled from that.

And sure enough, a while later, Alice heard a fart coming from the Saint. It was a raunchy, wet-sounding fart too, her favorite kind of fart.

"O-oh, apologies," Helen said with a blush, "My stomach suddenly didn't agree with me all of a sudden."

Alice blushed as well. Normally, she would have teased her for this. But now, she would just pretend she didn't hear anything, the same way the Saint kept her dignity intact.

Their journey home was followed by a couple more farts by the Saint. Alice could tell by Helen's flushed face that she was holding it with her full strength. Her look sent shivers and warmth to her sex. She would give anything to check whether or not she had wet or mess herself a little underneath that pretty dress of hers.

And thus, before the two got back to the city, Alice cast a breeze spell that lifted both her skirt and the saint's dress.

Alice's panties quickly dampened with her juice when she saw the saint's white panties having a yellow stain on the front and a brown stain on the back. She was clearly losing it.

When the wind subsided, Helen farted again.

"I-I believe we should hurry. I-I don't think I can hold it much longer," Helen said, her face reddening as she rubbed her stomach.

Alice was torn between her lust and her respect for the Saint. She would absolutely love to see Helen wet and mess herself but it would be terrible on the poor girl. In the end, she chose the latter, as she escorted the girl to the guild safely.

When they arrived, Alice quickly took her to her room, taking out the chamberpot below her bed. She then waited outside as the Saint relieved herself. She could hear her stream and her wet and nasty farts, making her real horny. As the Saint did her business, she herself played with her clitoris, eventually climaxing when the Saint finished.

The Saint then went out with a flushed face, thanking hor for lending her chamberpot right away. She said she would not know whether or not she could hold it if she had to wait for her own room to be prepared first.

Alice thanked her back, saying she was grateful that she had saved her and how she didn't tease her for her accident.

"Oh, it's fine. I almost didn't make it myself after all," Helen answered.

And so from that day on, Alice would often fantasize about Helen having accidents in various situations, and she being there to comfort her. And she refused to empty the chamberpot the Saint used, its smell helping her for her fantasies.

*009*2017-02-02 10:27

Go on ahead.

*010*2017-02-05 05:31

"Ooh, Alice, I can't hold it any longer... it's... it's coming out..."

A hissing sound echoed across the hall as a stain began to appear on the Saint's white dress. The stain then spread out, soaking her dress and revealing her now yellowish white panties. The absorbent material of the chair she sat on soon became oversaturated, causing suspicious yellowish clear liquid to pool beneath the chair.

Indeed, the great Saint Helen was wetting herself.

Right in front of the delegates from other countries nonetheless.

And not just that, as you could hear loud wet farts coming from her as well as she went on messing herself.

Helen could only look downwards, head hung in shame as she embarrassed herself.

Alice, her most trusted mage servant, greedily lapped up her scene as she sat right beside her, getting the front class seat of her accident. Her hands went straight under her skirt, stroking her already wet pussy with all her might.

"Ahn, ahn, aahhhhh, it's alright, my dear, just let it all out, just let it all out, I'm letting my juices out myself!"

When Alice climaxed, it wasn't her juices only that came out however, as she had been holding her pee all day just for this moment. The orgasm was mindblowing. She didn't care if she soaked her bed completely.

"Ooh, Helen... ooh, Helen, you are so cute!"

When her moans died down, her mind came back to the real world.

Once again, she had climaxed to her fantasy of the Saint having an accident.

It wasn't like it was a new thing for her, masturbating to images of girls humiliating themselves. But ever since she met Helen, she was all she could fantasize about.

How many scenarios had she imagined? From her peeing herself while giving a speech, her letting out a diarrhea while having a bath with her, her farting shyly while sitting with her in a carriage, so many lewd scenarios had went through her head.

And yet, she wasn't satisfied. She wanted more.

She wanted the real deal.

And thus, she devised her plan.

A month later, her plan was finally ready to be executed.

Using a scrying spell specifically tailored towards the saint, thanks to the availability of her bodily waste, she now could see her doing her activities inside the castle. The distance wasn't very high though so she had to do it in a cave relatively close to the castle. Another spell she had was the body state mimic spell. This, too, was custom made, only affecting the bladder and bowels of the party involved, resulting in an increase in range. Now, if the spell was to be activated, the Saint's desperation state would be the same as hers. And if she were to lose it, the Saint would lose it too. And the last spell she would use was a summon spell. Once again, this was tailor-made, only capable of bringing forth a certain cloth that women wore underneath their skirts. Indeed, she was after the Saint's panties. Her soiled panties to be exact.

Now, sitting nicely on the cave, after placing some traps and the like just in case someone decided to investigate, she sat down and started drinking some diuretics and laxatives, just so she could get the desperation she wanted right away.

Linking her mind with her spell, she could see Helen inside some sort of library. First of all, she was glad she was wearing the same outfit she wore when they met, only this time she wore a pair of long black gloves with it, accentuating her exposed armpits. It seemed she was being taught alongside some other students, most likely knights, judging by their outfits. She thought it was odd that she wasn't being taught privately, but she dismissed the thought, thinking how this would be a perfect place for the saint to be desperate.

Five minutes in, she could already begin to feel her bladder stirring. She saw how Helen shifted her legs around. Immediately she smiled, knowing her spell was working perfectly.

Ten minutes in, her stomach began to rumble like there was a storm inside of it. When she bent over, holding her stomach, she could see Helen sweating profusely as she rubbed her stomach as well.

Fifteen minutes in, she could feel a fart coming.

Now, she had a dilemma. Should she release it, or should she just wait until Helen released it? The latter option was tempting, seeing how hard Helen was sweating trying to hold it in.

However, in the end, she opted for the former. She raised her butt at one side and began releasing a silent but deadly one. The moment she did so, she could see the horrified expression of Helen, making her even more excited. She imagined how the gas passed through that cute buttocks of hers.

The knights sitting nearby her quickly picked up on the scent. Helen just sat there, pretending to be reading the textbook in front of her.

"H-hey, this smell, somebody just farted!" one of them whispered to the other.

"It came from that direction! Somebody there must be the one who did it!"

"H-hey, don't look at me like that. The scent came from over there, at the direction of the Saint."

The knights began to bicker with themselves. Not a single one of them even thought of accusing Helen of the deed. The Holy Saint farting? The very thought was blasphemous to them.

As the smell receded, they returned back to their works. However, the Saint herself was far from able to study in her current state. Her hips and butt were squirming here and there on her seat, with her hands pressed tightly on her tights. Alice could hear how she mumbled prayers to the Creator, so she wouldn't lose control right then and there.

Oh, how much she wanted to hug her, to feel her up as she soiled herself in her arms.

Alice couldn't hold it anymore. Her hands went straight to her crotch and began rubbing her already damp private spot.

The combination of her full bladder and bowels almost made her went straight to climax, but she held on, wanting to savor the moment as long as possible.

To her amazement, she could see the Saint suddenly gasping, as if holding her own moan. Could it be that her horniness also affect her?

Five more minutes passed, and the classroom started to notice Helen's fidgets and squirms.

"Hmm, what's the matter, dear?" said the teacher, a high priest of the Church, "Are you feeling unwell?"

Helen looked upwards with a flushed face, looking like she was about to cry. She then nodded in response to his question, still grinding her butt to her chair.

"Well, that's not good, isn't it?" the old man answered kindly. "Please, feel free to excuse yourself. Ah, I know, Cynthia, would you escort--"

"N-no need," Helen interrupted. "I-I shall go by myself."

Helen slowly rose up from her seat. But only after walking a few steps towards the door, she suddenly bent over, hands buried deep on her crotch.

She had leaked.

Thankfully, it was just a small spurt, not enough to show on her white dress. But she could definitely feel her panties dampening.

Helen soon recovered however, as she gingerly walked towards the door, all the eyes on the room fixed at her.

The moment she closed the door behind her, she inadvertently bent over and let out a fart.

It was a high-pitched fart, going on for about five seconds. Thankfully, her anal muscles had succeeded in keeping her waste in, only letting out the gas.

Oh Lord please, please let me make it into my room. I-I can't lose control here.

A-and forgive me for these sudden sinful feelings...

Indeed, her desperation somehow was accompanied with horniness. She could feel her privates slickening as she got more and more desperate. Her nipples were now rock hard, and you could see that through her tight white dress, since she didn't wear any bra with the dress, the dress' design not allowing her to do so.

The Creator was strangely silent when she asked about the act of self-pleasuring. The Church itself was quite against it, viewing it as a shameful act, but they didn't exactly go on a witch hunt to make sure everyone won't do it. Perhaps the act was only forbidden in public. You were free to do it alone inside your room without anyone knowing.

Helen herself had done the deed many times. And to her shame, it happened on the days where she returned in a desperate state, like when after having a long, wine-filled celebratory dinner. After she emptied herself into the chamberpot, she would still feel that tingling feeling in her privates that bothered her so much she would need to take care of it before she slept. And one day, when she felt particularly naughty, she declared she would not pee in the entire day, starting from skipping her morning routine. That ended up nearly disastrous with her spurting and leaking when dinner came. And it ended up making her need to poop as well, so she ended up farting a couple of times on the table. Thank the Lord they weren't the noisy ones.

After that shenanigan, she swore never to do it again, even though the orgasm she got when she got back into her room was amazing.

Helen slowly walked towards her room. As usual, she had to climb a couple of staircases since her room was quite up there. To her relief, not a single maid went past her as she walked.

Alice, of course, was watching all of this. And since she cared for the Saint, she tried her hardest not to leak herself. But it was quite hard to do so, since the laxatives and diuretics she took were designed for a guaranteed accident. She actually increased the standard medical effect to use them as her easy accident tool since she herself enjoyed being in a desperate state. So in her seat, she grinded her ass as her tights move frantically around, her two hands buried inside her skirt, pressing right to her wet crotch.

"Don't worry, Helen, I will make sure I hold for as long as I--oooohh!"

Alice failed to hold back a long jet of urine. It soaked the couch she was sitting on a bit before she could keep her sphincter back under control.

Her momentarily loss of control also made her anus pucker, letting out a lump of her waste into her panties, forming a bump that immediately was smothered by her ass movements.

Of course, this also had the same effect to the Saint, as she gasped and bent over, urine soaking her white dress and turning it damp and a little yellow on the front. A low crackling noise could be heard as a lump of poo pushed out from Helen's ass, settling down into her panties.

O-oh Lord, I'm messing myself...

Helen bit her lip, her face flushed and embarrassed. The smell had begun to enter her nose, and she just hoped that the back of her dress hadn't turned brown.

She had to hurry, or else she would not make it.

Ten minutes later, and the Saint was only halfway through. Her whole body was trembling at this point, as she tried to keep her sphincter and anus shut.

Another fart slip out, this time it felt a little wet as well. It was soon followed by a spurt of hot piss wetting her dress even more, before pattering on the floor.

She didn't think she could make it.

And so she went inside the nearest empty room she could find.

It was the locker room for the female knights to change.

When she entered, her nose immediately caught on to the faint smell of pee and poop permeating across the room. She thought nothing of it however, assuming it just came from her own accident.

In truth, the room was present for many knights returning from their assignments with their wet pants filled with poop. There was a surprising rate of incontinence among the female knights, from the lowest recruit to the knight commander herself. This was where they stored their evidence before they washed their mess themselves. It was lucky that it was tradition for the knights to wash their own clothes or else the maids would know that they frequently wet and mess themselves like a bunch of little girls. Some of the more naughtier knights would also let out any remaining urine and poop they had before removing their soiled garments.

Now, there were currently a pair of soiled leather trousers and black panties being stored in one of the lockers. It actually belonged to the knight commander, as she embarrassingly failed to make it to the potty after doing a long training with the knights. She actually had thoughts of ending their training early but that would look suspicious, so she ended up holding it for a whole day. Luckily, when she obviously fidgeted and squirmed while doing her closing speech, the trainees were also squirming and fidgeting themselves, having no potty break as well. She herself would make it like them if not for the minister suddenly calling her to his office. In the end, she had to store the evidence in the locker room, quickly changing to a pair of fresh panties and trousers, before going to his office. She hadn't wiped of course so a faint scent of urine and poop followed her as she reported to him. Once again, she was lucky that he didn't really pay attention.

Helen didn't care about any of this, of course. So she just went straight into a corner before pulling down her soiled panties and squatting on the floor.

Oh Lord forgive me...

The moment she squatted, her floodgate opened, letting out her torrent of pee. She also let out a series of increasingly raunchy and wet loud farts as she pooped, diarrhea mixed with solid matter.

Helen let out a shameless sigh of relief as she felt her waste leaving her body. The ecstasy made her not care how she was basically ruining the locker room, leaving her mess for the knights to sort out.

After a good five minutes of relieving herself, she finally was empty. And now, her guilty mind came back to her.

She rose up, putting her soiled white panties back on, and looked down at the mess she had created.

I'm sorry. I'm so sorry!

She felt she wanted to cry. But she held on, as she gingerly stepped over her own waste and left the room.

I-I am sorry. I wish I could be here cleaning this up, but if it was found out that the Saint had an accident...

And so she headed back towards her room. When she arrived, she felt her pussy throbbing madly, begging for her attention.

It couldn't be helped. She had to take care of it or else she would go mad.

Oh God I am truly a vile sinner... Helen thought as she rubbed her fingers over her panty-clad sex. The sensation was immense, and she soon lost herself in her pleasure as she rubbed harder and harder.

And when she climaxed, she squirted and farted at the same time, letting out any remaining waste from the two holes out.

"Ha...ha...ha..haaaaa" Alice panted. That was the most intense orgasm she ever had in her entire life.

She couldn't believe what she just saw. First, her dear Saint just letting go like that in an empty room. Then, she rubbed herself like that. She had expected her to be the innocent sort who didn't even know what masturbation was.

She striped down off her tight red striped panties. Then, going to the nearby river, she washed the thing there, cleaning the poop off them. After that, she dried them with magic and then wore them again. They still smelled like they had been peed and pooped upon of course, but that was the way she liked them.

Next was the couch. Once again, she used magic to clean it, still leaving the smell of her mess as she sat down on it.

The smell was intoxicating, and she actually started to feel horny once more.

Looking back to Helen, she saw how she now slept on her bed, with her soiled panties being hidden underneath her bed after she cleaned the poop of them.

This was her chance.

She used her already prepared summoning spell to call the pair to her. And lo and behold, it actually worked. She wasn't sure it would work at first, seeing how the distance was quite significant, but it worked indeed.

The first thing she did was to admire how cute they were. They were white with a blue ribbon on the front. Pure just like the Saint.

Then, she stared at the yellow stain on the front and the brown stain on the back. She gingerly smelled them, and the scent immediately made her even hornier than before.

"This... this is the scent of my Helen!" she said to herself.

She then took off her red striped panties, before wearing the Saint's panties for herself. To her surprise, they fit snugly to her butt. They were as tight as her own panties, and those were custom made so that her sex would be pressed nicely all the time when she wore them.

"Aah, to think the pure Saint wore such a lewd, tight panties... Oh Helen, I so very much wish to gobble you up!" she shouted.

As you would expect, she began stroking herself through them. She made a mental will to turn off the connection spell to the Saint, thinking the poor girl already had enough for the day.

She cummed inside that panties many times that day.

In the end, Alice ended up saving Helen since she took away Helen's accident-soaked panties. Helen had already prepared to confess to her maid, Mary, but when she woke up, the panties weren't there.

"Oh Lord, thank you, thank you so much, my Lord." She said as she knelt down, immediately sending prayers to the Creator. She thought he was the one who saved her from her upcoming embarrassment.

As for the locker room, the knights ended up just cleaning it without pointing any fingers. They just thought the other had a real bad accident, and, since they themselves had accidents, they didn't really want to bring the matter up.

*013*2017-05-28 08:40

Hmm, I like the idea of making fallen generals punished by wearing diapers.

