Tara's Bursting Road Trip

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2020-01-07 20:38

This is the first omorashi story I'm sharing here. As my username suggests, it involves a gorgeous woman doing a poo in her skirt - and a wee, too.

Tara Iskan looked in the bathroom mirror and stroked her flowing black hair. She was gorgeous, and she knew it. She was dressed the part, too, in her favourite pleated blue skirt. She and her boyfriend Garin made such an elegant couple - and they would make such a good impression on his business colleagues when they arrived at his formal event that evening! She trembled in excitement at the thought of impressing everyone there - though it was a little vain to say so, she was sure that she would be the hottest woman there, and Garin most likely the hottest man, too.

There was just one issue. She hadn't done a poo in a couple of days, and while she had felt fine setting off, by the time they got to the rest area she was feeling a little uncomfortable. When she had gone to the toilets, though, they were in such a disgusting state that she couldn't bring herself to use them. Painful as it would be, she would just have to hold it until she got there, and then avail herself of the much more sanitary facilities.

She strode out of the toilets to meet her boyfriend.

"How were the toilets?" he asked. "The men's were really gross."

"Oh, horrible," she said. "I couldn't bear to use them."

"So you're going to set off without having used the toilet?" he asked. "Are you sure you can hold it?"

Tara laughed. "Are you implying that I'm going to have an accident? I'm 24 years old. Don't be ridiculous."

"Well, not necessarily," he said. "But every woman has her limit, and there could be bad traffic thanks to the flooding."

"I'm not going to have an accident," she said. "I'm not a little baby."

"My mother once ended up wetting her skirt on a road trip, and she was 36," said Garin. "But if you're sure you can hold it, come on."

"Yes, I'm sure I can hold it," she said, impatiently.

###

"Um...Garin..." Tara said, gently rubbing her aching abdomen. "Can we stop at the next chance of a toilet? I'm not sure I can hold it."

Garin sighed. "What did I tell you?" he said, looking at the traffic ahead. "We're going to be diverted onto a small road thanks to the floods, and there aren't any rest stops for several kilometres. I'm afraid you'll just have to hold it."

Tara winced and shifted in her seat. Her bowels were aching for release, and her bladder was swelling from the coffee she'd had earlier, too. If it wasn't for those fucking floods, she could have easily held it until they got there. Now she was worrying about a far more imminent flood exploding into her skirt. The thought of arriving at the business event in a soiled skirt was just unspeakably humiliating, never mind her poor boyfriend having to scrub out his car. Would their relationship even survive it? And all because she didn't want to use a filthy toilet...it was almost enough to make her cry. But she could hold it. She would hold it. Her white knickers were still spotless, and she hadn't even slipped a fart, though it would have relieved the unbearable pain in her bowels. She just couldn't risk the chance that she would lose control if she let one go.

Straining her muscles as hard as she could, she pulled her phone out of her skirt pocket and searched for methods to help women control their bladder and bowels when they couldn't go. She saw some advice suggesting to think of something else other than her urge, and she tried to focus on how she would impress her boyfriend's colleagues with her beauty...beauty untarnished by having disgraced herself. She managed to suppress the urge a little, but she had to keep on clenching her muscles, and they were starting to tire.

If this traffic jam didn't end soon, there was going to be trouble. Very messy trouble. The thought of soiling herself had been unthinkable 2 hours earlier, but now it seemed not only possible, but likely. 2 days of poo were pushing hard against her anus, and it wouldn't be long before she gave in. As for her bladder, she held herself with 1 hand to try to reduce the pain a little, but it was still getting worse every minute. She had to hold it just a few more minutes. Just a few more minutes, and then they could find somewhere to stop...

30 minutes later, they had progressed a little, but were still stuck in slow-moving traffic with no toilets in sight. Tara's face was racked with anguish as she mustered all the strength she had to avoid an accident. They were supposed to have arrived over an hour ago...she could have been in that toilet and found relief, instead of struggling on the brink of disaster in the car. Her bottom was moist with sweat from straining to contain the poo, and she was frankly impressed with herself that her knickers were still clean. She crossed her legs and rocked back and forth in her seat.

"Is there anywhere we can pull over?" she asked, tears of pain coming to her eyes. "I really, really can't hold it anymore...I'm trying so hard not to have an accident, but I just can't wait much longer..."

"I'm sorry, there really isn't," said Garin. "Hold it as long as you possibly can, but if you end up having an accident, it's not your fault. You've held it for hours."

"Thanks, I'll try," she said, squirming in her seat. Her boyfriend had given her permission to have an accident if she couldn't hold it. It was so undignified, but at the same time a little kinky. But she would try to hold it as long as she possibly could.

"Fuck...uh..." she said, moaning from the pain in her bladder and bowels. "I'm so sorry about the language, I just can't take the pain..."

"I don't mind," he said. "You're brave to have held it so long. Hopefully we won't be too much longer now."

Tara clenched her muscles one more time and prepared to hold it for the rest of the trip. It wouldn't be too long now. They weren't that far, if she could just endure a little longer...Sweat glistened on her face. She had to be strong. She had to hold it.

The traffic finally started to move, but Tara could feel the poo moving in her bowels, too. She strained and strained and barely managed to contain it from pushing out. She had been holding it for 3 hours, and she was exhausted. Another few minutes was all she could manage. Her bladder felt about to explode into her knickers, and her bowels were suffering even greater pain, if it were possible. She pressed her legs together and breathed deeply.

"It's really not too far now," said Garin. "You've been so brave to hold it. Just a few minutes more."

Tara felt a little confidence. She was going to hold it. She was somehow going to arrive in a clean, dry skirt. But she had to get to a toilet as soon as possible, or she was going to have an accident, even if her life depended on it. She tried so hard not to think about the toilet, since it only made the agony so much worse. But she was so close now. She just had to stay strong for a few more minutes. She could see the hotel where the event was being held...there would be toilets...but she couldn't think about them. She closed her eyes and focused on controlling her muscles. She was going to hold it. It was going to be alright.

Garin pulled the car into the parking space.

"You know, I'm really impressed in you, Tara," he said. "I didn't expect you to hold it."

"I'm a strong woman," she said. "But I have to find a toilet...now...or I'm going to have an accident."

Almost to prove her point, as she staggered out of the car clutching her bladder, she helplessly slipped a loud fart.

"Fuck, fuck..." she said. "I've got to go...now...where are the toilets..."

"They're in there," Garin said, pointing towards a building on the other side of the car park. Tara dashed off immediately, clutching her bladder with one hand and her bottom with the other. As she saw the sign for the ladies' room, she felt a spurt of wee moisten her knickers. She just couldn't contain it anymore, and the sight of the toilets being too near was just too much. Blundering towards the toilets, she moaned in dismay at the sight of another older woman waiting in line.

"Please, I really can't hold it, I have to go now..." she pleaded, trembling from the pain. "Please let me go first..."

"No," said the woman. "I've had 2 children. If I can wait my turn, so can you."

Tara whimpered as another fart ripped through her skirt. She leaned against the wall, her legs quaking as her muscles neared total exhaustion. The cubicle door opened, and the older woman stepped in. She lunged for the door, but stopped as she felt another hot spurt of wee soak her knickers. She was going to have an accident. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she felt the poo finally force itself through her anus. As spurts of urine gushed down her legs, she looked up to the sky and sobbed as she loaded her knickers with poo. She tried to stop the accident in progress as hard as she could, but the proximity to the toilet was just too much for her. A puddle of wee grew around her feet, and she felt the poo squelching around the seams of her knickers. This was the most humiliating day of her life.

Garin came out of the men's toilets and came round to see his sobbing girlfriend.

"Oh, Tara," he said, carefully embracing her while avoiding the puddle of wee. "You poor girl. I'm so sorry for you. You were so close."

"I love you..." she said, her emotional state rather compromised. "You're so understanding...so many men would be angry..."

"I'm not angry that you had an accident," he said. "You didn't mean it. Now let's see how bad it was."

He lifted Tara's skirt and saw the bulging filth in her knickers. She'd totally lost control. Though he wanted to comfort his girlfriend, he felt more than a little aroused.

"You'll have to throw those knickers away," he said. "Fortunately your skirt seems sort of alright."

"Hopefully..." Tara said, sniffing. The older woman finally came out of the toilets.

"Garin, is that your girlfriend?" she said. "She really can't control herself."

Tara whimpered and traipsed into the toilets to clean herself up. She threw her ruined knickers away, and tried to clean up her skirt as best she could. Emerging from the toilets, she still smelt of wee and poo. Along with her face red from crying, it was obvious what had happened.

"Come on in," said Garin, offering his hand. She gulped in anticipation of further humiliation as they entered the building. Sure enough, as if fate had ordained it, she tripped on a step and fell, her skirt flying up and revealing her naked groin to her boyfriend's colleagues. She wailed in abject humiliation as she tried to pick herself up.

"Garin's girlfriend there soiled herself earlier," said the older woman. The colleagues burst out laughing. Tara turned her face to the wall and wished she was dead.

"Hey, guys, calm down," said Garin. "Don't you see how horrible this is for her? She's my beautiful girlfriend, not a laughing stock. She's just had a very unlucky day. Come on, we're going somewhere private."

Garin led Tara up to the room they had booked for the night. As soon as he shut the door, he opened his flies, revealing that he was very aroused.

"You've had a bad day, but I want you to know that I love you," he said, slipping a condom onto his cock. "I actually thought it was cute when you had an accident. And now I'm going to make you feel like a very special girl."

He pushed Tara down on the bed and started fingering her clitoris. She couldn't possibly resist it even if she wanted to, and was moaning in orgasm in a few minutes. He slid forward to kiss her lips, and slipped his cock into her vagina, which was tight and moist from her orgasm. He thrust harder into her than she had ever felt before. Maybe her accident really did turn him on. It was such an odd concept, but very lucky for her! He grunted in orgasm as he filled his condom. Tara was left breathless. It had been an awful day, but at least it had a very intense conclusion.

*005*2020-01-14 23:00

{{On 1/9/2020 at 11:32 AM, Secretbloke said:

Really hot and well-written, exactly the style I love, please do more of this!

}}

I will do when I have time.

