Desperate University Final Exam

Author: herrokitty

*000*2016-09-11 07:47

I don't know what inspired me to write this, but major shout out to a John Sniper story - this is heavily based on that, along with some of my experiences in college. There is some messing, and it's talking in first person from the perspective of someone with this sort of fetish. Hope you enjoy.

A teacher always puts their students first. Or rather, they should. So, as a teaching assistant at a university, I always do my best to be accommodating, understanding, and professional. Even when it's awkward, like when they hit on you (for grades, for kicks, or every once in a while, because they genuinely do like you like that). And, most importantly for me, I let them go to the bathroom whenever they want (and any college instructor that does otherwise is cruel).

Speaking of cruel, when test days come, I essentially get demoted to glorified spotter for cheaters. The professor is now king. And professors are too often crusty old men who think teaching is an annoying distraction to their research. They're not accommodating at all. So, of course, this professor doesn't allow any bathroom breaks during the two and a half hour final. The final is brutal - eight full essays analyzing various excerpts of Victorian literature. God knows why these students took this class to fulfill their English credit requirements. Suffice to say, most are going to need all two and a half hours, and maybe more.

It's the end of the school year and that means it's summer. Outside is hot and humid -- everyone is carrying a giant water bottle everywhere they go. I started to realize what a perfect storm this was when an hour in, Rowan asked me if she can go to the bathroom. I apologetically respond, "As you know, the professor sets the rules. I can ask him, but I wouldn't hold my breath."

As I suspected, his response to my question was to glare at me, like how dare I even give her hope. I turned to her and shook my head no.

Fifteen minutes later, Brielle asked the professor the same question. The professor gave her a curt no and coughed loudly to get the class's attention. "As you all know, you may not leave the room under any circumstance until you have finished the test. When you are done, you may leave and you cannot return to this room."

I saw some students shake their heads in disbelief, but they all turned back to their tests. I spent the next half hour on my laptop, not noticing if anything was out of the ordinary. I don't see the point in checking to see if they're cheating - what are they going to do, copy a whole essay? It wasn't a multiple choice test.

But, my attention was taken away from my own academic work by a gasp from the front row. I looked up and saw Rebecca, a short dark-haired girl, bent completely forward over her desk, her low-cut shirt showing me more than I probably should have seen. Her hands were buried in the crotch of her black leggings as her pencil rolled off her desk. My reaction was a mixture of concern, sympathy, and arousal. I tried to push away the last one and glanced at Rowan and Brielle.

Rowan had one hand fully buried in the crotch of her patterned purple leggings; the other was still scribbling furiously away. Brielle's legs were a blur, her bare kneecaps banging against the bottom of her desk, her green shorts seemingly dry for now.

It was a classroom of a hundred students. There were bound to be more people in dire predicaments. As I looked around, I realized the extent of the problem.

Rowan's friend Sarah was pressing the front of her yellow dress into her crotch. A lanky sophomore, Anya, had her legs seemingly wrapped around twice over, her jeans making a vague buzzing noise as she rubbed her legs together. Alexandra, a runner, seemed like she was running in place, her black yoga pants a blur, empty Nalgene bottle on her desk. Akira and Maria, the two tallest girls, sat next to each other. Akira's high heels clicked as she shuffled her legs constantly, while Maria tried to only hold the crotch of her spandex shorts for a couple seconds at a time.

Things got even more desperate as I looked around. Ciara, a red-head, had her hand inside her athletic shorts. However, it was Charlotte that overpowered the last attempts at remaining professional in thought. She was waving her legs back and forth, kneecaps banging together. When they were apart, though, I could see the crotch of her grey yoga pants, and they had a distinct dark patch the size of a silver dollar. For a few seconds, I couldn't look away. I was glad to have my own desk to hide behind as I tried to will my erection away.

When I had things under control, I decided to try to do the right thing. I walked over to the professor and whispered, "I think things are getting pretty bad for the students in terms of bathroom. Can we have a break or something? Or a queue? I can walk them one at a time."

The professor glared at me. As if to highlight my point, though, a fart rang through the lecture hall. I looked up, alarmed. Rina in the back row was beet red. No one seemed to have any reaction, though, probably out of sympathy. I looked back to the professor, who didn't change expression. "Rules are rules."

I nodded, not looking to piss off my boss, and returned to my seat. At this point, there was thirty minutes left. The first student to finish their test, Kate, came up to me and turned her materials in. She was always one of the most competent students, and carried herself with a stern confidence that radiated, "Don't mess with me."

When she went over to her desk, she bent over to pick up her backpack. Her back facing me, I glanced at her butt without thinking. To my surprise, I thought I saw some drops fall from her loose athletic shorts. I immediately looked back to see her straighten up suddenly, put her backpack on, and hurry out of the room. I was most surprised that I didn't see any signs of desperation from her. She had finally taken her iron willpower as far as it could go; fortunately, it was just one spurt, and no one else noticed.

I, again, looked around the room. At this point, I had lost all pretence of rectitude and was actively looking at the students I had previously identified as desperate. Rebecca was now sitting much more relaxed, legs apart. To my shock, I saw the crotch of her leggings was clearly glistening. She had clearly peed some, and didn't seem quite as desperate at the moment. The parts glistening with pee were also translucent; I could see what seemed to be red underwear underneath. What was she going to do when she was done with her test?

I glanced over at Rowan and realized she was doing the same thing, only I caught her in the act. As I looked over, she bowed her head, almost in shame. I looked down and saw her remove her arm from her crotch. A darker spot blossomed and quickly spread until it was about the size of a dollar. She squeezed her legs shut and turned back to her test.

Brielle already had a patch a similar size on her shorts when I looked over, but as I looked, it grew to the size of a fist. Her legs continued to jiggle, and she never stopped writing as she peed.

I was unsure if Alexandra had done the same thing, because her black yoga pants showed nothing, but she didn't seem as bouncy and desperate as before. Anya had a small spot on her jeans, but Sarah really caught my attention. She had pulled her dress back so she was no longer sitting on it; this meant from my angle I could now see up her dress, as her legs were slightly apart. I could see white underwear, and the entire crotch down to her seat was clearly darker. Who knows how much she had peed and how close she was to noticeably flooding her seat.

Maria and Akira seemed to be dry, but their fidgeting had only gotten more energetic. Akira's legs were swinging wildly, her blue-jean-clad legs flailing dangerously close to Maria's. In the back, Rina had her foot under her butt, heel probably pressing in.

My horniness aside, I was now concerned for them. For the ones who had leaked, were they in any position to get up in front of nearly a hundred students to turn in their test? My thoughts were again interrupted, this time by motion out of the corner of my eye. I turned and saw Ciara, whose hand was still in her shorts. I realized the motion I saw was her elbow moving back and forth, and that she was rubbing herself! My eyes almost popped out of my head (and my other head almost out of my pants). I couldn't fathom it. Was she doing it as a holding method? I steadied my breathing, just in time as Rina walked towards me to turn in her test.

I smiled at her and wished her a happy summer, but as she gave me her test I heard a small, squeaky fart. She again turned red and quickly turned to go get her backpack. When she turned around, I could see her butt cheeks tightly clenched under her tight grey sweatpants. She took one step, then immediately crossed her legs. A couple seconds into standing, I saw a small bulge appear. I could hear the faint crackling as she lost the battle with her bowels and the bulge slowly grew from the size of a finger to a golf ball.

She uncrossed her legs and hurried to her backpack. I swore I could see the bulge continue to grow. When she walked passed me again to exit, I saw a small wet dot on her crotch. I couldn't help but turn my head to look at her go and saw the bulge was now the size of an orange. It wobbled side to side as she tried to power walk out of the room. Fortunately for her, she left without further incident, and I don't think anyone noticed - everyone was too wrapped up in trying to finish the test.

A couple minutes later, I thought I heard a soft pitter patter and I looked up to see Rebecca, legs spread wide, her face an expression of relief. Drops were rolling off her seat. She had her row to herself and had carpet underneath, so it wasn't too obvious. I think Rowan and Sarah noticed, as they were sitting closest to her, but they were in no place to judge. Rebecca, always a quick thinker, scooped up her backpack as she got up, adjusting the straps so it covered her butt. As she walked towards me, though, I could see through her translucent crotch for what looked like a red thong. I wished her a good summer as she wordlessly handed me the test and exited, most of the class none the wiser.

Alexandra was also rather ingenious. I saw her look around the room, then scoot her butt towards the edge of the chair. I pretended to look away as it dawned on me what she was planning to do. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw her pull her black yoga pants down just enough and hold her Nalgene bottle by the edge of the seat. Alexandra was fully concentrated on the task at hand, I risked looking directly at her, fascinated by her cleverness. She angled the pee so it hit the sides of the bottle to avoid making any splashing noises, though I thought I could hear it a couple of times.

I also saw her miss at the end as her stream died down. It dribbled down the seat onto the floor. The bottle was a quarter full, clearly not a full amount. She must have let out just enough to get out of here. She quickly pulled her pants back up, hid the bottle in her backpack, and turned in her test to me. Her ever-cheerful face hid her deed and her black yoga pants hid any evidence I could tell of any wetness, though I'm sure they were damp.

I turned back to Ciara. She was still going strong, and just set her pencil down. It seemed she was finished with the test, but was now fully invested in touching herself. I could see her face turn redder and redder until it matched her hair. Right before she came, she looked straight at me. I froze - I was caught! - I was staring right at her. She smiled faintly, though, and closed her eyes as she bit her lip to keep her mouth closed. As she came, I could see her crotch get dark in spurts, until it went from halfway up her shorts all the way down to the seat.

She packed her bag and walked over to turn in her test, relying on pure bravado to avoid suspicion from other students. Her shorts were definitely dark on the back, but it seemed she got away with it. She turned in the test with her dry hand, but then presented her left hand to shake, it still glistening from pee and probably her juices. I had no choice but to shake, though to be honest I was more than happy to. It also seemed to me to be an agreement: "I won't tell on you if you won't on me."

After Ciara left, the professor stood up. "We have reached time. There is fifteen minutes of passing time - if you need more time, ### [me] will stick around for those fifteen minutes to collect your test."

About half the class was still there. When the professor announced, most of them came down to turn in their test. As the professor and those students left, I scanned the room again. All of the remaining desperate students were still there. Charlotte was in the same position as before, dark spot covering her whole crotch and going to her thighs. I could see drops occasionally dripping from Sarah's seat; it seemed her priority was more to keep her dress dry. Rowan's legs were glued shut; I couldn't see if they were more wet than before or not. Akira's jeans had the first sign of wetness, though nothing serious. Maria's shorts were too dark to tell, but she was also now rubbing her stomach and bent over.

I turned to Anya. Her lips were trembling; she looked like she was about to cry. It was clear she had peed her pants, as her crotch was soaking wet and surely her butt was as well. Instantly, my horniness disappeared as I realized I had to help her. She was clearly done with the test -- she just couldn't get up in front of the other students. I walked over to her. "Are you done with the test?" She sniffled and nodded her head. I took it. I whispered, "Listen, get your backpack and walk ahead of me, I'll be right behind."

She stiffened as she realized I knew, but then took my advice. As she walked in front of me, I could see her blue jeans were completely soaked in the back, almost all the way to the belt buckle. As she opened the door to exit, she turned to me and mouthed, "Thank you" before leaving. I then turned to my desk and sat back down. Miraculously, again, no one seemed to have noticed or cared (though most of the people left weren't in any position to!).

Sarah turned in her test next, her dress betraying nothing. However, as she walked to get her backpack and left, I saw trickles rolling down her leg. She made no sign reacting to it, though. Akira was then next, her damage limited to a small spot that was barely visible. As she handed her test in, her knees bent involuntarily, and I saw the spot double from a penny to a quarter. She quickly stood back up and left, leaving me with an uncomfortable erection (yet again).

As most of the students wrapped up in the next ten minutes, I realized that the professor wasn't here and they could easily ask me to go to the bathroom. It seemed, though, that everyone desperate was too far gone.

Finally, it was only Rowan, Charlotte, Maria, and Brielle left. I announced, "Five minutes left." Charlotte looked around, then ever the outgoing one, announced, "Listen, I'm pissing my pants here, and we're all friends here, so I'm just gonna let go."

We all turned in shock as she stood up and peed. She was already soaked at the crotch, butt, and thighs, but it quickly trickled down and darkened the whole inner sides of her grey yoga pants. She walked over, only slightly bow-legged due to the uncomfortable piss, and turned in her test. I said, loudly enough for the class to hear, "I'm sorry this happened and the professor was such a jerk." Charlotte looked bemused more than upset. She shrugged and said, "I can't say I've never done this drunk..."

With that she walked out. As she walked out, I realized Maria was also peeing, a steady stream falling off her chair. My attention was taken away by Brielle approaching me. While her shorts were clearly wet, Charlotte seemed to have emboldened her. As she left, I saw the back of her green shorts were entirely wet. I looked back at Maria. She had finished peeing. She then leaned to the side, lifting the left side of her butt off the seat. I assumed she was subtly trying to fart, but her eyes widened in shock and she sat back down, splashing piss off the seat. She grimaced for a few seconds, then stood up to turn in her test. As she came up to me, I smelled the faint smell of poop, but said nothing. She turned in her test and went back to her seat to get her backpack. I could see a small bulge, maybe the size of a golf ball. If she wasn't wearing tight spandex shorts, it wouldn't have been noticeable save the smell. She quickly hurried out of the room.

I turned my attention to Rowan. She still had her legs tightly crossed, one hand in her crotch. She stared intensely at her test. I said, as gently as I could, "Time's up, Rowan."

She looked up and said meekly, "I can't concentrate because I have to go to the bathroom."

"Would you want to go to the bathroom? You can go and then can finish the test in my office."

She lit up at the suggestion, but then said, "I'm afraid if I even move I'm going to pee."

I didn't say anything, because I didn't have a solution to that. She struggled for a few more seconds, before she announced, "Fuck it, I'll give it a shot."

She stood up and took a step forward. Immediately, I saw a stream hiss straight through her leggings onto the carpet. She immediately jammed her hands into her crotch and crossed her legs, but she cried out, "I can't stop!"

I stared as piss poured down her purple leggings, darkening them before streaming into her sneakers and onto the ground. It feels like an eternity, but was probably only 45 seconds or so before she stopped and uncrossed her legs. She looked so relieved, but when she looked back at me she was bright red. I said, "Don't sweat it, it happens and you're not even the only person it happened to in class today. How much of the test do you have left? My offer still stands."

She said, "I have one essay left, shouldn't take me more than ten minutes, but..."

I waited intently. "But...?"

She looked down. "I... uhh... have to poop."

I was jerked into action. "Let's get to the bathroom!"

I quickly packed my things as she took baby steps towards the door. I grabbed her test and backpack and followed her. She was walking at a snails pace. I couldn't help but stare at her butt. She had such a nice one - well-rounded, shapely. She was an athlete, and it was clearly toned (and flexing shut as best it could!), but also sizeable. I realized if I get another erection now, there's no hiding it. As she grabbed the door handle, I heard a fart. She froze. She farted again. Then, she exhaled deeply as her buttcheeks relaxed and a small mound formed. She muttered, "Oh god" repeatedly as it expanded.

Soon, her mumbling trailed off as she resorted to a couple of soft grunts as the rest was pushed out. I watched, mesmorized, as the poop curled out and stretched her leggings and grew the bulge from ping pong sized to orange sized. She let out a final grunt and it quickly doubled in size before she straightened up. I quickly side stepped so I was behind a lectern to hide my raging erection that was now leaking a sizeable amount of pre-cum. I felt like I could just touch my dick and I would cum everywhere. I was light-headed as the smell of poop wafted into my general direction. She turned to me and had tears in her eyes. "I can't believe I just did that."

Seeing her struggle helped calm myself down. I comforted her. "Don't worry about that. Just get to the bathroom, clean yourself up, and meet me in my office. You can finish your last essay there."

She nodded and walked -- or rather, waddled -- out. I headed to my office and set down her materials on the desk next to mine. About fifteen minutes later, she showed up, still in wet leggings. I ignored that and pulled out a seat. She walked over and sat, still faintly smelling like poop. There was no longer any bulge, though I felt like there was some darker stains that seemed brown. I returned to my laptop and pretended to work, although I was too horny to actually get anything done.

Ten minutes later, she finished her final essay and handed it to me. She said, "I'm so sorry again, thank you for letting me finish."

I cut her off. "Seriously, don't sweat it and don't beat yourself up over what happened. It happens to everyone, I swear. I really appreciated having you in class."

With that, I ended things professionally and she left. But the moment she left, I headed straight to the bathroom to take care of business that couldn't wait until I got home.

*004*2016-09-13 05:17

{{On 11/09/2016 at 6:18 PM, blooper said:

This is really good, actually. I remember reading a similar story which is probably the John Sniper thing you mentioned, although I don't remember the author. Extra points for lewd redhead involvement. Nice job.

}}

Thanks everyone! blooper - speaking of which, read your story Kagero's Tale and really enjoyed it. Given how many of your stories I've enjoyed, glad you liked mine. The John Sniper story is here (John Sniper is the listed author): http://members.easyshag.com/femaledesperation/

The story is "Marcha's Blooper."

