Loaded Mission by EnragedFilia and Jimmy Olsen

Author: Jimmy Olsen

*000*2018-11-03 15:20

An old story from Nyou Fiction. I wrote the opening, and EnragedFilia took it from there.

Deep in a primeval forest, in a glade nearly invisible and inaccessible to human beings, silent figures were assembling in secret. In a quiet yet stern voice, each reported for duty once they had reached the secluded meeting place. The leader, a well-preserved woman in her thirties dressed in fatigues, turned on a small lamp each time she heard a new arrival approach (which was invariably before they spoke). Her keen ears could pick up footsteps and rustled leaves from even the most stealthy of travellers. And on this night, there were also rumbling stomachs to give people away. She turned the light back off each time she had confirmed the identity of an arrival. The faces of the rest of the group were briefly illuminated as well. They were the features of strong women, each trying to look like she was carved from stone. But some faces betrayed their feelings of confusion, uncertainty, and uneasiness. Some even showed other discomforted sensations.

Once the tenth of her recruits had entered the hideaway, the leader spoke.

"That's the last of the people who accepted the mission. A couple questions before I explain what this is all about. Has everyone followed the diet they were assigned?"

Ten voices answered in the affirmative.

"And you have all refrained from any bowel movements since you received my message on Thursday?"

The voices sounded more hesitant and uneasy, but seven confirmed the inquiry in concise terms.

"I actually haven't been since Tuesday," one voice admitted with a hint of pride.

"It took some pills to make it through today, but I haven't released anything."

"Excellent. To reiterate what I said in the message, additions to the outlined diet, be they food or drugs, are acceptable, even encouraged. Every extra bit of weight is a benefit."

"I couldn't make it," a wavering voice confessed.

"Mitchellson?" the leader snapped.

"Yes, it's me."

"Explain yourself."

"I tried as hard as I could...but I just had to go so bad. I was so nervous about tonight. I couldn't help..." her voice trailed off into mumbles that sounded almost like weeping.

"You moved your bowels?"

"Only a little. I'm sure there's more..."

"Get out of here! You are no longer a part of this mission!"

"Will I be punished?" the recruit asked, now clearly choked up.

"Leave our presence as quickly and silently as possible, and I might spare you any repercussions. Just remember that your agreement of silence about our operation is still in effect, and, if you break that, the consequences will be severe. And, for God's sake, stop your crying! I thought I selected soldiers, not little girls."

Making a noise of acknowledgment, the ashamed Sonya Mitchellson started her trek back. From that moment on, the other women were determined not to show any signs of weakness.

"Since all of the <i>obedient</i> recruits are now present, it's time for me to brief you on the next phase of the mission." She turned the lantern on once more. "Put your hands into the light."

The recruits did as they were told, and the leader dropped a small glass vial into each open hand.

"Leave the caps on. You will take your dose when you are told; no sooner, no later. It is a very potent drug, and any error in timing could foul up our plans."

The women suppressed laughter as they thought about what else could be fouled up by a laxative-related mistake.

"I apologize if for keeping you in suspense for this long. I suppose I've been deliberately stalling. This is the strangest briefing I've ever had to give, but here goes," she continued with a wicked-looking grin. "If everyone gets it right, it sure won't be the last. "First step is for everyone to get down this hatch and link up with your commanders." She waved at the large metal plate on the ground behind her. "There's five officers counting me, so you'll be two recruits to a squad. Except you," she jabbed a finger toward the one who'd boasted about holding it since Tuesday. "You're with me."

The indicated recruit, a tall and solidly-built blonde named Clarissa Montclaire, stiffened at the words and gave a small nod.

The leader abruptly turned and moved to the hatch. She crouched and tapped on it several times, eliciting a series of strange beeping noises. Then the metal slid open, revealing a dimly-lit hole. "Further instructions will be given en route. Now get moving." With that she hopped down the hatch and disappeared into the darkness. The nine remaining recruits jerked into motion, falling into line and following her.

They found themselves in a broad chamber about six feet high, with walls, floors and ceilings that seemed to be carved from solid, smooth, dark rock. Seven tunnels led away from the hatch they'd come though, and in four of them stood women who looked cut from the same mold as the one they'd followed down here. There was no apparent light source, but a soft steady illumination came from the depths of each passage.

Clarissa moved toward the leader as the four officers selected from among the eight other recruits. Drawing up next to the woman, she stood at attention and waited.

"Move out," she ordered briskly as she turned away and started to jog down the tunnel at a steady clip. "Follow me and don't fall behind." Clarissa hurried to catch up.

It was about a minute before the woman spoke again, "State your name, soldier."

"Oh, Clarissa Montclaire. S-sir," she replied, trying not to let her heavy breathing show. She was doing her best to match the other woman's long, easy strides, but was still falling a bit behind.

"From now on you are Claire. Single syllables only, here. For me, either Sir or Sarge will do."

Clarissa grunted an acknowledgement, and, after a moment, Sarge continued.

"It's about a ten minute trip. After the first five minutes, you will take your dose. When we reach the tunnel exit, you will emerge and cross the last hundred yards to the target alone. You will then release your entire payload and return to the tunnel. Do you have any questions?"

"Uh," caught by surprise, Clarissa looked around and struggled for something to ask, "W-what's the target look...I mean, um...how will I identify the target, Sarge?"

"There will be an unmarked, plainly visible wall directly in front of the tunnel exit. That wall is the target. Anywhere at its base will suffice. Anything else?"

"What are these lights?" This time Clarissa spoke too quickly, and immediately winced at the inanity of the question. The illumination here was dull orange, and it came from square things in the wall that looked like glass. Their light was steady, not flickering like a flame, or pulsing like the moss they grew in some of the cavern cities. Even so, Sarge answered her without hesitation.

"We call them artificial torches. The technology was apparently lost with the fall."

Clarissa jerked in surprise. From everything she'd heard, all known examples of lost technology had long since been salvaged, and by now most of it was in the hands of the large cartels and their tech wizards. All that was left were the ruins themselves, and only the massive superstructures and any other pieces too heavy to retrieve and too sturdy to break into pieces. The tunnel had looked like the product of lost technology from the start, of course, but she was still impressed that the group had found an undiscovered ruin as large as this.

Clarissa's thoughts were interrupted as her insides suddenly lurched, and she had to clench her ass shut as a sharp jolt of pressure struck, then slowly subsided. It was a very familiar feeling, since she'd been dealing with this pressure for nearly a week now. Things had had seemed to settle down a bit yesterday, but the exertion of keeping up with Sarge seemed to really be getting her bowels moving. Between the feeling of the big load within her bouncing heavily with each step she took, and the low, ominous rumbling from downstairs, she could tell it was only going to get worse.

By the time they stopped, her breathing was coming hard and fast, and not just from exertion. The pressure wasn't letting up at all now, and her ass was starting to get tired from constantly clenching. Clarissa's gratitude for the brief rest was tempered with anxiety at what she knew what coming next.

"Alright. Drink it now, Claire," Sarge ordered, her face totally impassive.

She obediently pulled the vial from her pocket, removed the stopper, and slugged it back before she had a chance to think twice. The taste was strange, like that of raw mint ground up and mixed with thick and sickly-sweet syrup, which clung to her throat as she swallowed. As soon as she finished, Sarge took the vial and held it in front of a torch, then nodded.

"Good. Now hurry, it should start to take effect in five minutes, give or take a bit, so you need to reach the target by then. Get moving." She started off again, and Clarissa obediently followed, trying not to think about what might happen if that stuff started working ahead of schedule.

Her anxiety only grew as they ran. The seconds seemed to creep by, and her bowels started to ache. It was like the cramps that she'd been enduring occasionally since last Tuesday, but dull and constant now, instead of sudden and sharp. Before long, her sphincter was pulsing with exertion as wave after wave of pressure assaulted her bowels, slowly but surely wearing away at the endurance of her poor, tired muscles.

But as her agony gradually grew worse, it only pushed Clarissa to summon up more determination. "Sarge is counting on me," she told herself, fixing her eyes on the strong and sturdy figure running along tirelessly in front of her. "I can't let her down. I won't let her down!"

Repeating this mantra, she almost didn't notice as the tunnel floor began to slope upward. Raising her eyes, she saw the wall up ahead a few seconds before Sarge came to a stop in front of the smooth surface.

"We're here. Remove your clothes. Now!"

Clarissa was taken aback by the strange order, but Sarge's voice sounded even sterner than before. After only a moment's hesitation, she complied, clumsily unfastening her drab canvas coveralls and slipping out of them.

As she did so, Sarge moved behind them and touched a glassy patch on the wall a few times, with a beeping sound like that of the hatch from before. The fabric fell to the floor in a heap just as a slab of metal slid out of the floor, blocking the way they'd come, and turning the tunnel into a six-foot cube. Sarge turned back to her.

"Your boots too. Here, I'll help with that." But instead of kneeling to help Clarissa with her boots, the commander swiftly came up behind her and began to loosen the strip of cloth that bound her chest. After a brief moment of surprise that threatened to undermine her highly tenuous control, she hurried to unfasten her boots.

In seconds, the bindings fell away, bringing relief that mingled with the very familiar discomfort of cruel gravity as Clarissa's large and pendulous breasts burst free of their confinement. Kneeling as she was, they dangled from her chest like a pair of overripe tomatoes until she wrenched her feet free and stood up.

Sarge, still standing behind her, gently patted Clarissa's tightly clenched bottom and declared, "Good. Still clean." She withdrew a small pair of scissors and pressed them into the confused recruit's hand, along with another order. "Remember: run to the target and dump your load. Use these to cut the panties off. Then get right back here. We're all counting on you, Claire," that last sentence, said with a gentle hand on her shoulder, turned the girl's wavering nerves to steel once again. Then Sarge slapped the glass panel with one hand, and, with the other, shoved her soldier toward the far wall, which slid down into the floor to reveal endless black sky beyond. After a brief stumble, Clarissa took off running.

The feeling of frigid air on her bare skin shocked her mind into instant focus and her nipples into tiny, tight points. But then it hit her bowels, which seized up with the biggest cramp she'd ever felt. The pressure, already intense, surged all at once into a tremendous wave that all but overwhelmed her exhausted sphincter muscle. Only Clarissa's newly invigorated determination kept her control from collapsing completely before the onslaught.

She ran flat out, panting as she repeated to herself, "They're all counting on me," again and again, drawing strength from the thought. Fire blazed in her eyes as she gritted her teeth against the agony deep within, heedless of the lesser pain as her bare feet slapped the rough ground and her naked breasts flopped around wildly with every step. Yet, deep within the gap between her plump, bouncing buttocks, Clarissa's anus slowly but surely began to widen, despite her colossal effort. A broad brown rod inched out, forcing its way through that tight pink ring until its tip peeked out far enough to brush against fabric. Struck by the bizarrely unsettling knowledge that her formerly pristine panties were being smeared with gooey brown tracks as they slid back and forth across her bottom, Clarissa's control finally started to waver. But, just as she teetered on the brink of a gigantic accident, she saw it: the wall, rushing up out of the darkness in front of her.

The sheen of moonlight on its smooth, polished surface gave her enough warning to throw her hands up and catch herself. She leaned against it for a moment, shaking with emotional exhaustion as much as physical exertion. Her trembling knees buckled, then bent, and she dropped into a squat with her legs spread in a wide V. A fraction of a heartbeat later, she let go, moaning in blissful relief at the sensation of her aching, overworked sphincter relaxing at long last. Right on cue, the smooth log protruding from her anus lurched out, causing her panties to tent nearly two inches straight down, then paused as if mistrustful of her sudden surrender after such a long and grueling struggle. Clarissa drew a ragged breath, reaching forward to steady herself with a hand on the wall. And then it happened.

It was like nothing she'd ever felt before, as if all the strength in her body was suddenly concentrated in her bowels in a cramp more intense than she ever would have thought possible. Her eyes shot wide open and she pitched forward, her knees meeting the ground as she let out a loud groan. Her bowels moved with sudden and tremendous force, depositing such a massive load of firm, solid poop into the seat of her panties that in an instant the fabric was stretched taut.

The bulge expanded as more and more of it poured out, sliding through her wide-open asshole and curling up on top of itself, spreading out and piling higher until it covered every inch of her bottom. Soon the panties could stretch no more, only sag lower and lower beneath the weight of her gigantic dump, which still showed no signs of stopping, or even slowing down. The emerging poop gradually grew softer, and, by the time her panties drooped low enough to touch the ground, it had turned to squishy goo, flowing out smoothly like a sticky, brown rope. Eventually the load was piled high enough to overflow the waistband, a big lump falling to the ground with a big "splot."

And all the while Clarissa could only squat there helplessly, her face locked in a grimace at the blazing pain in her abdomen. It felt like she was being crushed by a giant metal fist. Her head swimming with agony, she had no idea how long it lasted. But when the flood finally subsided to a stream, then a trickle of poop so thin and soft it was nearly liquid, the agony faded away almost as suddenly as it had begun. Then it was all over, and for a few seconds she just panted for breath, basking in the tremendous feeling of relief. Until a different kind of pain intruded upon her reverie, and she realized two things: her ass was burning, and the rest of her was freezing.

After expelling what felt like a whole week's worth of poop, Clarissa's asshole was so sore it felt like there was a chunk of hot metal stuck in it. And, except for her bottom, cradled in a warm cushion of soft, mushy poop, her skin was completely exposed to the bitterly cold night air. Now acutely aware that she was alone and defenseless in a dark forest in unknown territory, she tried to get to her feet, only to nearly fall backwards, thanks to the huge, unbalancing weight hanging from her backside.

Remembering her instructions, she took the tiny scissors (which had been clutched in her hand this whole time) and clipped through one side, then the other of her poop-laden panties, allowing the massive brown load to tumble out onto the ground. As Clarissa stood, she couldn't resist glancing at it between her legs, and was briefly struck with disbelief at the sight. It was just unbelievable that so much poop could have fit inside her. Her panties were all but buried beneath the gigantic mound of brown goop, with only a few square inches of stained fabric peeking out from one edge. Quickly ripping her eyes away, she turned and started running back to the tunnel.

Now, with the pressure in her bowels relieved and the burning sensation in her ass slowly fading, she was highly aware of all the other discomforts she'd overlooked earlier. Running barefoot hurt, and running with her chest completely unsupported hurt worse, but the cold was worst of all, especially on her butt. The layer of slimy poop that covered her bouncing buttocks like a thick coat of brown paint was cooling very quickly in the night air, and, before long, it felt like she'd sat on a block of ice. So when she finally saw the tunnel mouth in the distance, her relief was tremendous.

Clarissa entered and slowed to a trot, clutching her aching breasts with her arms, and looked up to see the commander grinning broadly as she slapped the wall again. The sound of the tunnel exit sliding closed behind her seemed very far away, and her vision swam as her strength drained away, along with the adrenaline rush that had carried her this far.

"Sir...M-mission..." she mumbled, her knees shaking, "mission accomplished...payload delivered." That was as far as she got before collapsing into the other woman's waiting arms.

What followed was mostly a blur. The commander gently lowered her to the ground and ordered her to get on all fours, then started to clean the girl up with something she called a "wet nap." After what she'd just endured, the feeling of soft, warm, moist cloth on her frozen rear end felt wondrous, and only later would the thought of the commander inspecting her poop-covered bottom up close trigger a surge of belated embarrassment.

But what happened next was almost as embarrassing in its own way, and much more bizarre: Sarge took her coveralls and her boots off and wet herself right in front of Clarissa. It went on for a while, completely drenching her panties, before trickling all the way down her legs and making a puddle on the floor. Afterwards, she took off the soaked panties and told Clarissa to put them on, and the girl was too exhausted to even ask why.

The explanation came as the two of them walked back together, the topless girl leaning on the naked woman's shoulder for support. It all had to do with the blood jackals.

Clarissa had heard a few stories about them before, but never in any kind of detail. They were created as weapons during the war, used mostly for hunting down enemy guerilla forces, and, since the war, they'd gone feral in the irradiated wastelands, and taken to attacking anyone and anything that ventured into their territory.

That was about as much as most anyone knew about them until recently, when the garrison of a walled city near the edge of the wasteland happened to observe a group of blood jackals, which would come right up to the city walls every day, sniff around for some time, and leave. Attempts to determine the reason for this strange behavior quickly led to an even stranger conclusion after investigating the time and place of the events. It seemed that jackals were only congregating at a particular section of the city wall, one outside a very densely populated area which had recently suffered a major breakdown of the local sewage system.

The community had dealt with that crisis by establishing a large public bathroom facility independent of the now useless plumbing network, and every single reported jackal sighting corresponded exactly with the time and place that this community's waste was emptied over the city wall. There was only one way to explain all this, no matter how little sense it made: blood jackals may have been created to hunt down and track the smell of blood, but they were drawn even more to the smell of poop.

Soon enough the army came up with a means of taking advantage of this discovery, although, in all likelihood, it would never have been implemented if not for an immediate and particularly intractable threat.

A group of bandits was camping in five sets of relatively intact ruins on the edge of the wasteland, several miles to the north of the city and within easy raiding distance of a major oasis. Months of repelling raids on the city's supply lines were already taxing the army's rapid response capabilities, and the situation was poised to get a whole lot worse very soon, because the army's only viable base of operations in the area was a set of tunnels situated directly between the five bandit camps. They had evidently been constructed as part of a maintenance system before the war, with surface access a short distance from each of the ruined buildings that the bandits held. So, while the quick and stealthy deployment capability that the tunnels provided was an invaluable asset against their raids, it was only a matter of time before the bandits discovered one of the entrances.

When that happened, they were sure to come out in force to take the tunnels for themselves. If that happened, the army would be left with practically no way of protecting the city's supply lines, and no way at all of rooting out the bandits. Even worse, any attack against one of the bandit camps was sure to bring retaliation from the others, and there weren't enough forces in the entire theater of operations to take all five at once. So, when some strategist suggested a plan with the potential to eliminate the entire problem at one stroke, and with minimal risk, the brass was forced to take notice, despite how crazy the idea seemed.

Simply put, they would lure blood jackals to each enemy encampment and let them slaughter the enemy forces, sending in strike forces afterwards to clean up any survivors. The jackals' newly-discovered behavior seemed to offer the perfect means of baiting them, but difficulties arose when attempts to test the approach by transporting sewage from the city met with dismal results. Further experiments indicated that jackals would cross much longer distances and arrive in far greater numbers when three major conditions were met.

First, the poop must be fresh, the fresher the better. Second, it mustn't be mixed with anything pungent enough to mask the smell, including any kind of preservative agent, or especially urine. And third, there must be lots of it. As it happened, lazy and underpaid workers emptying a public waste receptacle had unwittingly satisfied all three. They'd done their jobs as infrequently as they could get away with, often waiting until a rush of customers left enough people standing in line for a few of them to complain about the smell, which made for loads that were both as big and as fresh as possible. On top of that, they'd opted to drain the liquid portion of their cargo into the storm-sewer inside the wall, hauling only the solid portion to the top to be dumped outside.

Clearly, depositing such an ideal jackal bait as that anywhere other than a populous city was less than feasible. But, on the other hand, a target located in the wastelands themselves, closer to the jackals, would not require anything like those conditions to attract enough beasts for the army's purposes. Realizing this, and quickly formulating a workable approach, Commander Biella had volunteered her unit, the Valkyries of the Amazon, to undergo the strange and critical mission. And, when it became clear that her soldiers' strenuous routine and steady, predictable diet was not at all suitable to the production of jackal bait, she responded by simply recruiting outside volunteers instead.

Listening to that last piece of the explanation, Clarissa finally grasped the true purpose of her "payload." She felt a sort of horrified awe at her own actions as she belatedly realized both how much she'd just accomplished and what a huge risk she'd taken, walking alone, unarmed and almost naked right up to the walls of a hostile encampment. The original plan, Sarge continued, had been for two recruits to visit each of the five bases, but, thanks to that stupid, weak-bottomed Sonya Mitchellson, she'd been forced to pick one of the nine remaining girls to undergo her mission "solo." She'd chosen Clarissa because of her confidence, and because she'd been waiting the longest, and seemed likely to have the biggest load saved up.

The purpose of the soaked panties was clear as well: fresh, fragrant pee would overwhelm any lingering scent of poop that might lead blood jackals back down the tunnels after them.

"We're almost back now, Claire. First thing to do is get all cleaned up with a nice bath, then we'll meet the other squads and debrief. If all of them did anything like as good a job as you did, we'll be moving into those ruins by tomorrow"

"Really? I did a good job?" Clarissa looked up at the officer, beaming with pride.

"You kidding? From what I saw back there you must'a filled your panties right up to the brim, because that cute little butt of yours was just covered with it." Punctuating her praise with a hearty laugh, she reached down and slipped a hand into her own panties to give Clarissa's "cute little butt" a firm and playful squeeze. The other girl gasped, then flushed. "Uh...anyway, after the debriefing, we can start talking about..."loading up" for your next mission." She looked down to meet the girl's twinkling eyes, and, with a big grin, concluded, "Understood, soldier?"

Clarissa's grin was even bigger as she replied, "Yes, sir."

*001*2018-11-22 07:50

(bump)

