Ban Sang-Mi Poos Her Skirt

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2020-02-10 22:13

This cute story, as the title suggests, is about a young lady doing a poo in her skirt. Enjoy.

Ban Sang-Mi picked up a pack of noodles from the supermarket shelf and put them in her basket. She was easily the prettiest woman in the store that day, with her neat black hair and her adorable buttoned denim miniskirt. Underneath she was wearing white socks and trainers and her favourite white knickers. She looked so cute, and she knew it.

As she started walking to the tills, she felt a stomach cramp. She put her hand on her stomach and gulped. She hadn't realised just how badly she had to poo until now! If she wasn't careful, she might fart in public - so humiliating. And, to make matters worse, there was a queue for the ladies' toilet. She might as well wait until she got home and use her comfortable toilet in peace. But first she had to hold it. She shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot in the queue for the tills, with her hand resting on her tight bottom. She was really in quite some discomfort. It was almost tempting to fart, but that would be so unladylike. She went about her business as best she could, checking out her items and paying for them before packing them in her bag and setting off home as quickly as she could without farting.

As she felt the wind blow through her skirt, her pain was getting worse and worse. If she farted now, surely no one would notice, right? But the street was still a little too crowded. She couldn't risk it. She yearned to be sitting on her toilet at home, but thinking of the toilet made it so much worse. She hated having to poo so much. Another stomach cramp hit her, and she clutched her bottom to try to help herself hold her farts in. It wasn't long to get home now, but the proximity of the toilet was making the urge so much worse.

By the time she came to her street, she was hurrying with her hand on her bottom, visibly bursting for the toilet and desperately trying not to fart. She entered her apartment building. She lived on the top floor, and there was no way she would get up the stairs without farting a hurricane, or...even not making it to the toilet in time. She shuddered at the possibility. She was an adult woman, there was no way that would happen. But farting was a real risk. She called the lift, and gasped in pain as her stomach gurgled. The lift finally came, and she limped inside, leaning against the wall after pressing her button. Hopefully no one else would stop the lift. As it rose up from the ground floor, her trembling bottom finally yielded a fart. She blushed and winced at the smell.

The lift stopped at the third floor. Some neighbours were getting in - a middle aged couple - into the lift where she had just farted. Hopefully she would be able to avoid humiliating herself.

"Eurgh, that smells awful," said the man, glowering at her. "You need to control yourself, young lady."

"I'm...so sorry..." she said, blushing scarlet. Another fart squeaked out of her bottom. "I'm just so desperate for the toilet...I really can't wait anymore..."

"Gross," he said.

"Oh, don't be so cruel," said his wife. "She's obviously at her limit. I hope she gets to the toilet alright."

"Thanks..." Sang-Mi said, almost tearful. The lift was finally at her floor, and she was absolutely at her limit. She dashed out towards her door, another fart bursting through her knickers. Pooing her skirt was now a real, serious risk, and she had to try as hard as she could to prevent it. Hands trembling, she got her keys out of her skirt pocket and opened the door. She removed her shoes as quickly as possible, another fart squeaking out of her as she did, then dashed for the toilet.

It was locked.

"Min-Jun!" she squealed, now utterly desperate beyond description. "Min-Jun! You have to come out now, I'm literally about to poo my skirt! Min-Jun..."

To be almost in the toilet like that was just unbearable, and her bowels were starting to move. She felt poo starting to force its way out of her anus, and barely pulled it back.

"Min-Jun, please..." she said, beating on the door. "I can't hold it, I can't...I'm losing it..."

She gulped and tried to resist the pain as best she could, but after struggling for a few seconds she finally gave in to the agony and started to poo. She felt the first turd curl out of her anus with a squelching fart and soil her once white knickers. She didn't even try to resist the second, or the third, or the fourth. With tears flowing down her face, she felt her knickers bulging with warm filth as she utterly emptied her bowels into her skirt. This was humiliation beyond description. She leaned back against the wall, moaning in despair.

"Hey, Sang-Mi," said her boyfriend Min-Jun, after opening the door. "I'm out. You can poo now."

"I already did..." said Sang-Mi, her tears dripping from her cheeks. "It's too late..."

Min-Jun was handsome and kind-looking, and a lot bigger than Sang-Mi. He patted his special girl on the head.

"Oh, that's a shame...for you," he said, smirking. "Let's see what a mess you made."

He lifted his girlfriend's skirt and saw the filthy mess in her knickers. Some of it had squelched out down her thighs. "You really did do a really big poo, didn't you?" he said. His cock was already stiff from the sight of her humiliating mess. "Never mind, accidents happen. Come on, let's get you all cleaned up."

He took Sang-Mi into the toilet and tugged down her soiled knickers. "I think it's safe to say you won't want to wear those again," he said. "I'll treat you to a new pair." He inspected her poo-stained skirt. "I know how much you like this skirt, Sang-Mi, so I'll try to get the stains out of it." Keeping her skirt lifted with one hand, he cleaned up her bottom with toilet paper. Sang-Mi was too humiliated to even speak. Her boyfriend would take care of her. She stepped out of her ruined knickers and rested her head on his shoulder. She felt how stiff his cock was under his trousers. She knew he was into very kinky things, but that didn't matter.

"Now, how do you fancy a shower together?" he asked.

"I'd love it," she said.

Min-Jun led Sang-Mi to the shower and removed his clothes. Sang-Mi took off hers, and marvelled at just how erect Min-Jun was. If she wanted to get him really aroused like that, she had to poo her skirt. Weeing it would probably work too, but neither was very dignified.

Min-Jun turned on the shower and waited for it to get warm before beckoning Sang-Mi in. She felt the warm water flow over her, washing away the traces of her humiliation. Then she felt Min-Jun's fingers in her clitoris. She moaned from the intensity of the masturbation before soon coming to climax. As soon as that excitement died down, Min-Jun had penetrated her. He was thrusting harder than ever, and she moaned again from the passion. After a minute or so, he came in her, and they closed to a passionate embrace.

"So you're over pooing your skirt now, right?" said Min-Jun. "Because I'll remember that accident fondly..."

"So will I," she said.

*003*2020-02-11 12:45

{{6 hours ago, pi-ssyboy said:

Really great story. I felt secondhand embarrassment for Sang-Mi when she was in the elevator. Poor baby.

}}

It was intense humiliation. At least she managed to get home before she totally lost control...some women aren't so lucky.

