The Golden Ratio: Six Girls, One Bathroom - Page 4

Author: Noot

*077*2021-01-02 02:58

Chapter Six

The Club

"There are places I'll remember,

All my life, though some have changed"

- The Beatles

In the dream, Amira was on the toilet.

Except it wasn’t the toilet in her new house. Instead, she was sitting in the bathroom at the home she grew up in in Birmingham, a spacious room covered in immaculately polished tiles and modern artwork that she’d never been able to make sense of. She knew this room like the back of her hand, knew it better than any other room she’d set foot in that didn’t contain a bed. Here she’d spent hours that probably accumulated into weeks of her life. Here she had sat down to empty her bladder more times than she would ever be able to count, a number that she had estimated not too long before to be at around fifteen thousand. Here she had waited patiently for her bowels to produce something before bedtime, or painfully strained until whatever was blocking her up finally came out, or collapsed in a moment of barely-made-it bliss before diarrhoea exploded out of her like lava.

This was the room where she had urinated, not only in the toilet but in the shower and- more times than she’d care to admit- in the bathtub, too. Here she’d tackled the overwhelming majority of the periods she’d gotten since she was a teenager, spent hours shaving and plucking every stray hair on her body, brushed her teeth twice a day almost every day. Besides her bedroom, there was no other place she preferred to sneak off to when she wanted to masturbate. And, on those rare occasions when she hadn’t quite reached the loo in time, it was more often than not this room to which she would retreat, waddling, to do her best to clean off, preferably before her mother saw.

In the dream, she was on the toilet. She was naked, her nipples protruding erect from her breasts. This was unusual, for her. She’d dreamt about a lot of things, but nudity and sex had never been among them. Amira had sat through many a conversation, at a party or a sleepover, where her peers would giggle about their dirtiest dreams. And she’d never had any stories to tell. So, in the dream, her nudity was more than a little disconcerting. She saw the way her belly stuck out and wanted to look away, but couldn’t.

Then, though, she saw past it all- past her bare boobs, past the stomach she’d always wanted to shrink, past the patch of pitch-black pubic hair that coated her mound. She looked past it all and into the toilet bowl. She was peeing. More than that: she was gushing, a forceful waterfall of piss that kept pouring from between her legs and into the yellow water below. But it didn’t feel like she was peeing. If she hadn’t looked down, she would surely not have noticed. It looked like she was-

All at once Amira was aware of two things: she was awake. And she needed a wee. Badly.

The dream was half gone from her memory by the time she opened her eyes and had all vanished when her feet hit the bedroom floor. She moved mechanically, driven in her sleepiness by pure habit more than anything else. This was an instinct that life had given her: when she woke up needing the toilet, she never wasted any time in rising, because it was crucial to get to there before either of her two sisters did. Once Zaina or Malika locked themselves in the house’s single bathroom, it could be half an hour before that door clicked open and Amira could rush in, usually with her trousers already unbuttoned in anticipation. It was a good idea to take care of any urgent business before her sisters were up.

She yanked on a pair of pyjama bottoms and a top and just had time to glance at the clock- 10:41- before she nipped out of her bedroom and down the stairs. Even over the sound of her footsteps on the creaking wood, she could hear voices coming from the kitchen long before she reached the bottom. Her bladder did not care for the stresses walking placed on it one bit, and especially not as she descended to the ground floor. But she managed it, and from there it took Amira a matter of seconds to arrive into a kitchen that was- to her dismay- already full.

“Bonjour,” Abigail said sleepily, barely looking up as the last of her housemates arrived.

Amira glanced at the bathroom door- closed all the way. Even in her groggy state, she didn’t need long to work out that Sophie was in there. Everyone else was standing in the kitchen, ranging from fully clothed to barely dressed. “Who’s in the queue for the loo?” she asked, hoping to hear that it wasn’t long to wait.

“Everyone,” Molly said bitterly. She was wearing a tee that was to modesty what a sieve was to rainwater collection. Even standing next to a completely topless Chloe, Amira thought it was a tight-run call as to whose nipples were more on display.

“Okay, not the news I was hoping for,” she admitted, “you know those mornings when you wake up feeling like you almost wet the bed?” She paused long enough for everyone to nod, then continued: “that was me two minutes ago. My bladder feels like someone ran a bath in it”.

“It’s not like Sophie to lock the door,” Carmen said, concern evident in her voice.

“It’s not like Sophie to close the door,” Amira agreed, “is she throwing up in there?”

Chloe nodded. “She said she’ll be out as soon as she can. I didn’t want to rush her, but I’m absolutely dying for a poo”.

“Are you first in line?”

Chloe nodded. “Yeah, I got down here maybe fifteen minutes ago. I only woke up ‘cause my mum rang me, but right away I knew it was bad”.

“Then it’s me,” Carmen said, blushing, “please ignore the smell”.

Instinctively- how could she not?- Amira sniffed the air once, and got a whiff of it right away: farts were fresh in the room, the kind she’d long since associated with those desperate hangover dumps. She couldn’t help wincing at the odour, but laughed anyway.

“Wow, that’s bad,” she said, “you must be really desperate”.

“To be fair, some of that was me,” Chloe confessed. That earned her a warm smile from Carmen, if nothing else. The Spanish girl’s gown looked as though it had come somewhat unravelled- perhaps from the way she was squirming where she stood- and her cleavage left little to the imagination.

“So who’s next?”

“I am”. This was Molly, leaning against the worktop by the sink, one leg bent unnaturally like a ballet dancer taking a break mid-routine, “I feel like I’m gonna piss myself”.

“Same,” Abbie groaned. She was the only one sitting down, but now that Amira got closer she saw that those slim legs were crossed in her chair. One hand gripped the side of the seat tightly.

“Okay, I’m sure we can work this out!” Amira said. Working things out was her go-to. She’d never been good at panic and disorder. Talking was the only way she knew how to solve problems. Quickly, she went to the bathroom door and knocked as gently as she could.

“Soph, you okay?” she called.

There was a pause. Leaning in with her ear, she heard what sounded like someone spitting into the toilet bowl. Then came the muffled reply.

“Yeah, I’m okay,” Sophie mumbled, her voice sounding meek.

“Okay, great,” Amira said, “any chance you could let us in? Everyone really needs the loo”.

“Shit, sorry! I’ll try and hurry-“ she was cut off, though, by more retching. Amira winced again and turned back to the others, waiting and watching expectantly.

“She’ll be out in a minute,” Amira said quietly. Her eyes were drawn to Chloe, who was clearly not okay. None of them looked comfortable, but the blonde girl was taking things worse than anyone. She was bouncing frantically on the spot, tiny, frenetic up-and-down movements. One hand was reaching behind her absently. Amira couldn’t see it, but she imagined it was squeezing Chloe’s cheeks, trying whatever it took to hold it. She must’ve been busting if there had been no time to even find a bra. Her expression looked more than just worried: she was scared. And that scared Amira. But she couldn’t let that show. She needed to change the subject, try anything to take their minds off it… and nothing came to mind.

“God, I haven’t had to piss so bad in ages,” Molly cursed. Her punk-chic persona had gone completely out the window in her desperation. It was a strange and fascinating thing, to Amira, how such different people could become so similar when all they could think about was not going to the toilet on themselves. Then again, there was never much chance of keeping up false pretences from the ladies you lived with. She was learning that already- all of them were.

“I haven’t had to piss so bad since last night,” Carmen said. The word piss sounded strange in her accent, or perhaps it just felt strange to Amira because she hadn’t heard the vulgar term from her friend before, “in the park, I almost wet my pants”.

“Nah, this is worse than that, for me,” Molly countered, “I seriously don’t know how much longer I can hold it, guys”.

“It’s not long now,” Amira encouraged her, “Sophie will be out soon. Chloe’s first, right?”

They all looked to Chloe, but the girl had gone silent and still. She just shook her head. It looked as though she had almost forgotten the others were there.

“It’s too late,” Chloe said quietly. She closed her eyes tightly, as if she was hoping she could wish herself somewhere else. Her face was a grimace of effort.

“What do you mean?” Amira asked. She took a step closer to her friend, but some instinct stopped her from approaching.

Chloe gasped, a heaving sob of air. “Not gonna make it”.

“You can! You almost have!” Amira was barely focusing on the fact that her thighs were locked together, kept apart only by the thin fabric of her pyjama bottoms, or the way her knees were wiggling automatically. In that second she was so worried for the girl across the room that she forgot she was on the verge of flooding her bottoms.

“No, I can’t,” Chloe moaned, “I’m sorry. It’s…”

She didn’t need to finish the sentence, didn’t need to say the words coming out, because everyone in the room heard it. Without meaning to, they each chose that moment to go completely silent. And so the only sound that filled the room was of Chloe, standing there with nothing covering her top half, filling her pants. It was a soft, wet fart that seemed to go on forever coupled with the sludgy squishing of her tracksuit bottoms being pushed away.

“Fuck! Shit, it's happening,” she groaned. Instinctively, her arms came up and crossed over her breasts, covering her nipples, as if she was shielding herself. Her cheeks flushed the deepest red Amira had ever seen. And- and Amira was sure this had to be unconscious- she bent over slightly, like her body wanted her to push it all out and get it over with. “I’m so sorry. I’m trying to stop it. Please don’t look at me, I’m sorry,” Chloe babbled. But nobody could look away. They all knew it could easily be them in the same boat. The smell was there now, too, heavy and fresh. Amira had known Chloe was in serious need of getting to bathroom. She had had no idea, though, that the woman was so close to an accident.

A tear rolled down Chloe’s left cheek, and that was enough for Amira. She went to her and wrapped her arms around the blonde girl’s shoulders. She had never been able to stand and watch her friends get upset.

“It’s okay, Chlo,” she said, hugging her tightly, “it’s fine. Don’t worry about it. Accidents happen to everyone. Just try your best and you can go and finish up when Sophie comes out”.

Chloe shook her head and sniffled, wiping the tears from one eye.

“No, that’s silly. It’s Carmen’s turn, she needs it more than me”.

“Are you sure?” Carmen asked, eyes betraying her eagerness. She was holding her bum with both hands, Amira noticed.

“Yeah, go. No use in both of us pooing ourselves,” Chloe said. She was trying to make light of it already, Amira thought. That was a good sign, and impressive. Most people wouldn’t be ready to joke about something like this for weeks. From this angle she could get a look over Chloe's shoulder and what she saw shocked her: a huge bulge protruded in the back of her sweatpants, stretching the fabric. It had been more than an urgent dump- it had been an enormous one. Amira would never have guessed that Chloe could even do a poo that big.

The bathroom door clicked open at long last and, agonisingly slowly, it creaked open to let Sophie out. She froze for a second as she worked out what had happened, then rushed over to Chloe. The guilt was evident on her face.

“Oh, shit, I’m so sorry,” she mumbled into Chloe’s ear, “I had no idea it was that desperate”.

Chloe reassured her that it was okay as Carmen dashed gratefully towards the toilet. Just before the girl went inside, though, Molly’s voice stopped her.

“Carmen,” she said solemnly. The Spanish woman looked up, hand wedged between her buttcheeks, face red. “Please hurry”.

Carmen nodded and disappeared into the bathroom, not bothering to close the door behind her.

*082*2021-02-18 01:33

{{On 2/10/2021 at 11:49 PM, penfold08 said:

Great story will there be more or are you done with this hope to read more

}}

Now that I've moved back to my student house I'm hoping to get back to writing this regularly in the near future! Ideas (and time to write) are much easier to come by up here.

*085*2021-04-10 23:51

{{On 4/9/2021 at 10:39 PM, Peepants31 said:

This is great. Will it be continued?

}}

Yes and no.

I really like these characters and I'm glad so many people have enjoyed this story, but I think there's a lot of things I could've done better and since starting I've had so many good ideas that it's too late to implement. So...

I'm planning to reboot the story, same characters, same setup, but better written and with changes that I hope will make it better! Not sure when that will start but hopefully soon.

