A Very Desperate Double Date

Author: Male

*000*2018-07-10 00:40

It sounded like a fun idea at first. 2 gay couples, all friends, on a date together, dressed in their cute Thai student uniforms, with white blouses and sky blue skirts. They'd have a curry and a few beers at the new place in town, then go for a romantic evening stroll before retiring for some fun.

The 4 girls had been best friends for a while, bonding in the university's LGBT society. Each was a spectacular beauty in a unique way. Sudarat was the most feminine, a small lady with her long brown hair plaited and her face innocent. Her girlfriend Natchaya was also deeply feminine, with long black hair in a ponytail. The other couple, while still wondrous beauties, were a little more Amazonian. Sirada was a dignified young lady, with shoulder length black hair. Her girlfriend Yanisa was the strongest, an athlete, unusually tall, with lithe muscles and her shoulder length brown hair in a ponytail. All had initially been attracted to each other when first meeting, but over time had settled into the partnerships which most suited them. This was going to be a great evening.

Or so they thought.

Their curry tasted OK, but was extremely spicy even by their standards. Of course, being Thai girls born and bred, this meant little to them, and they washed it down with plenty of cheap lager. After finishing their meal and paying, the girls got up.

"Man, I need the toilet," said Natchaya, resting her hand on the front of her skirt. "Is it OK if I go first?"

"Sure," said Yanisa.

Natchaya walked over to the toilet, and opened the door, before suddenly realising why there was no queue. It was absolutely disgusting, with diarrhoea on the walls and floor.

"Eurgh," she said, recoiling in disgust. "Hey, girls, the toilet here's disgusting. We're better off holding it."

"Oh, I'm sure it's not -" said Yanisa, walking over to check it out. "Ew. You're right. Come on girls, we'll hold it."

Sudarat looked a little uncomfortable. She had to wee and poo, bad, but she didn't want to admit it in front of her girlfriend. And she really didn't want to use that toilet. She reluctantly walked out of the restaurant with the other girls.

"OK, so first priorities, find a toilet," said Natchaya. "Does anyone know a good toilet near here? And I mean a good one, not a disgusting one with shit everywhere and heroin needles on the floor."

"A good toilet..." said Yanisa. "No. When I've been out here before, I've just held it until I got home. We'll just have to do that."

"Not everyone has your steel bladder, Yanisa," said Natchaya. "Some of us have to go."

Sudarat whimpered. She was definitely one of those girls. Her bladder was aching already, and she felt a pressing urge to poo. She shuddered at the thought of letting off a fart in front of Natchaya.

"Hey, Sudarat, are you OK?" said Sirada.

"Yeah...I'm...fine..." said Sudarat.

"You just need the toilet, right?" said Natchaya. "Believe me, I'm in the same situation. Damn, I need to go."

Natchaya did a little pee dance to demonstrate.

"Yeah," said Sudarat, blushing and shaking a little from holding it in. "I...need to go."

"Sudarat is so adorable," said Natchaya. "Come here."

Natchaya hugged Sudarat. The pressure on Sudarat's gut was just a little too much, and a loud fart blew out of the back of her skirt. Natchaya burst out laughing, and waved her hand in front of her face to waft away the smell. Tears came to Sudarat's eyes.

"Damn, you really need to go..." said Natchaya. "Wait, are you really upset? Did you...go?"

"I didn't go," said Sudarat, blushing scarlet. "I'm just humiliated I farted in front of my girlfriend."

"That's all?" said Natchaya. "Man, that's nothing to worry about. I'll be doing the same before long if we don't find a good toilet!"

Natchaya felt her own stomach gurgle. "Damn...come on, we need to find a toilet. Detective work, ladies."

"I'll just go ask someone where the nearest decent toilets are to here," said Sirada. She strolled over to an approachable looking man on the other side of the road.

"Excuse me, I was just wondering if you know any good toilets around here," she said. "Clean ones."

"Sorry, no", he said. "I just wait until I get home."

Sirada strolled back, a little concerned. "He doesn't know," she said.

"There probably aren't any decent toilets round here," said Yanisa. "Come on, let's just hold it until we get home."

"I'm actually not sure I can," said Natchaya, crossing her legs. Her bladder was aching hard, and her bowels were under increasing pressure.

"What, you mean you're going to have an accident?" said Yanisa. "You're an adult woman, Natchaya. You can do better than that."

"All girls have their limits, Yanisa," said Sirada. "Even you."

"I am not going to soil myself," said Yanisa. "That's just silly."

Sudarat felt her stomach gurgle. The pressure was building and building and building in her bladder and bowels. She couldn't have an accident in front of Natchaya. She just couldn't.

"I guess Yanisa's right," said Sirada. "We should just walk home and try to make it if we can. Come on."

Yanisa looked smug. She confidently led the girls along the pavement. Her bladder and bowels ached as much as anyone else's, but she was strong. She could hold it as long as she liked. Whether her friends would be so resilient was a different story.

Sudarat brought up the rear of the group, with 1 hand on the front of her skirt. She tried so hard not to think of the relief of a clean toilet, but it was so tempting. Certainly tempting when compared with the other option, relieving herself in her skirt. She shuddered at the thought of it. Especially in front of Natchaya...she'd never let her forget it if they stayed together for life. Natchaya herself wasn't doing too well either, struggling with increasing urges to fart. After she stumbled a little on uneven pavement, a loud fart burst from the back of her skirt.

"I guess we're even now," said Sudarat, giggling a little, but trying not to giggle too much for fear of weeing.

"Yeah," said Natchaya. "Damn, that stinks. It's good I'm outside. I'm watching out for any toilets."

There weren't any. It was a long, painful walk home, with each girl straining as hard as she could. Sudarat and Natchaya were struggling. Poo was pushing harder and harder on their bottoms, and both knew it wouldn't be long before they started to leak urine. That lager was going straight through them, and would soon be going straight into their skirts. Sirada and Yanisa appeared much more confident, but were still under significant stress. Each carried an ever-increasing load of wee and poo to potentially dump in her skirt if she failed to reach a toilet in time.

For Yanisa, though, an accident was simply inconceivable. Sure, Sudarat and Natchaya might soil their skirts. They were weak. Perhaps Sirada would reach her limit, leaving her in the comforting role. But she was going to make it, no question.

Sirada did not quite have Yanisa's confidence. She was strong, but her strength had limits, and she knew them. One thing she knew, though, is that she absolutely could not soil her skirt in front of Yanisa. Yanisa already clearly saw herself as the dominant girl, and that would only reinforce it. If the worst came to it and she couldn't make it to a toilet, she had to last longer than Yanisa before she gave in. At least then she could claim a small victory.

The girls stopped at traffic lights. Sudarat and Natchaya were obviously desperate, awkwardly shifting with anguished faces. Sirada looked a little stressed, but more in control. Yanisa looked about as confident as a girl with a bursting full bladder and bowels could be.

"OK, girls, how are we doing?" said Sirada. "Do you think we'll make it home?"

"Well, I certainly will," said Yanisa.

"I...think so..." said Sudarat, sincerely doubting it.

"I...really don't know," said Natchaya. "I'll be honest, I'm getting close to my limit here. We need to find a toilet...anywhere..."

"Hey, look," said Sirada. "I think there are some public toilets way down there."

"Are you sure those are toilets?" said Natchaya. "If they're not, we're taking a big detour. And that probably means not making it."

Sudarat whimpered. A fart squeaked out of her bottom. She was about to give in, and she knew it.

"Come on," said Natchaya. "Sudarat's about to go anyway, we might as well give it a chance."

"I don't need it, but whatever," said Yanisa. "Come on."

The girls took their detour down towards the toilets. Another fart squeaked out of Sudarat's bottom. She felt poo starting to push through her anus, and leaned against the wall, whimpering in pain. As she strained with every muscle she had, she felt urine warm her knickers a little. She was starting to go. She barely managed to regain control, and staggered on a few more steps. Ahead of her, Sirada stopped in dismay.

"The toilets are closed..." she said. "I'm so sorry..."

"You WHAT?" said Natchaya. "You mean that you took us down here, just for...fuck...uhhhh..."

Squelching farts burst from Natchaya's bottom as she started to poo. She strained as hard as she could to hold it back as urine splashed down her legs. She barely regained a little control as she leaned against the wall, before another massive surge of pressure finally pushed the poo into her knickers. She moaned in pain and humiliation. For Sudarat, belatedly following the other girls, it was just too much. Poo forced through her anus as urine warmed her knickers and gushed down her legs. She joined Natchaya's plaintive whimpering.

Sirada closed her eyes and desperately tried to take her mind off the other girls' accidents. Going in her skirt was so, so tempting, but she couldn't. She just couldn't. Not in front of Yanisa. She'd never hear the end of it.

Yanisa was suffering from her own urges, too, and barely able to keep them under control. She couldn't help but laugh at her weak friends giving in, waving a hand in front of her face to waft away the stench. Her laughter was bringing her dangerously close to weeing, and she knew it. She barely managed to restrain herself and keep her dignity, save for letting a loud fart.

"Wow, Yanisa, sounds like you're starting to feel the pain," said Sirada. "I guess you're not so tough after all."

"No, I'm fine," said Yanisa, blushing. "I'll make it home clean. Come on."

The 4 girls, 2 filthy and humiliated and 2 suffering, limped back to the traffic lights. It was a long walk home. A walk neither Sirada nor Yanisa was quite sure she'd make home clean. The tearful Natchaya and Sudarat traipsed behind them, urine dripping from their skirts. They were so relieved from the pain, but so humiliated from the accident.

"Hey, babe, it's OK," said Natchaya.

"It's OK for you, too," said Sudarat.

They kissed each other.

Sirada and Yanisa weren't in the mood for kissing. They loved each other deeply, but they also loved to compete, and they were competing to get home clean, and, if not, at least last longer than the other before giving in. They walked as briskly as they could, leaving the other girls behind. Both were fully aware there was only 1 toilet in their room, and both were fully aware that whoever got to that toilet second would most likely not make it. This was a contest for dominance in their relationship, and it was one both girls were eager to contest.

Sirada felt herself overcome with a powerful urge. She leaned over, and clutched her bladder and bottom. A fart squeaked out, but her knickers were still dry. That was a victory.

"Feeling the pain, Sirada?" said Yanisa. "I'm still fine."

She absolutely wasn't. Yanisa's strength was being tested to its absolute limit. That curry and cheap lager was pushing on her bladder and bowels like nothing before in her life, and she was well aware she might give in before she got home. But she couldn't. Not in front of Sirada.

Sirada thought that if it wasn't for being with Yanisa, she'd have just given in and fouled her skirt by now. It was still so tempting to be relieved from the pain, but she couldn't succumb. Yanisa would never let her forget it. It seemed, though, that Yanisa was winning. She was getting ahead of Sirada, and she was going to get to that toilet first. Sirada would have to wait. Could she wait? She was tempted to run after Yanisa, but she was pretty sure doing so might make her lose control, and Yanisa was a faster runner anyway. She'd just have to wait. What an agonising wait it would be.

Yanisa, on the other hand, was becoming increasingly confident. As she turned the corner down the road to their accommodation, she saw Sirada was some way behind her. She'd let herself in and enjoy some well-earned relief on their toilet. Sirada would have to wait, and most likely have to settle for going in her skirt. She smirked at the thought of it. Sirada would definitely know who was boss.

As expected when nearing a toilet, Yanisa felt the intensity of her urges grow and grow as she got closer, from mere agony to utter agony. Her time was running out. She slipped a loud fart, and then another. She was sweating from the exertion of every muscle straining, and those muscles were starting to tire. As she finally got to the door, she fumbled in her skirt pocket for her key. She finally got it, then, hands trembling, dropped it on the floor. As soon as it hit the ground, she panicked, squatting down and scrabbling for it. She took hold of it and got up again, but, by the time she got it in the lock, it was too late. She was giving in. Urine warmed her knickers, and spurted down her legs. Poo forced through her anus, filling her warm knickers and staining her skirt. She frantically opened the door and dashed for the toilet, but, by then, it was too late. And Sirada would see this. She burst into tears.

Sirada staggered up to the door, letting a loud fart as she did so. She was absolutely fit to burst, and could barely wait another second. She strained with every muscle she had not to let go as she let herself in. Yanisa would be on the toilet by now...

Sure enough, Yanisa was on the toilet, but sobbing, and with filthy knickers round her ankles. Sirada was shocked, and wanted to comfort her girlfriend. But she also needed that toilet. Now.

"Yanisa, get off, I need to...uhhh..."

The sight of the toilet was just too much. A spurt of urine burst down Sirada's legs, then another, then another. Then, despite her utmost efforts, she started to poo. Yanisa watched from the toilet as her girlfriend utterly soiled herself in front of her, grimacing as she tried in vain to stop it.

"So, yeah, that was a pretty awkward date," said Yanisa.

"Yeah," said Sirada, giggling.

Yanisa got up from the toilet, pulled up her filthy knickers, pressed up to Sirada, and started French kissing her. As she did, she slipped her hands into Sirada's knickers, masturbating her through her filth. Sirada did the same to her. Before long, both girls reached near-simultaneous climax, squirting into their ruined underwear.

"Wow," said Sirada. "That felt...so good. Humiliation makes sex so much hotter."

"Yeah," said Yanisa. "And we're both humiliated. We're both dirty girls. Let's just embrace it."

Meanwhile, in their room, Natchaya and Sudarat were getting up to some fun of their own.

"This is so gross," said Natchaya, traipsing into their room in her filthy knickers and skirt. "We need to shower, now."

"Definitely," said Sudarat, blushing.

Both girls stripped off their filthy clothes as quickly as possible, and got into the shower. The warm water cleaned off their mess, and they regarded each other's beautiful bodies before moving in for a passionate kiss. Inevitably, hands wandered, and soon both girls were masturbating each other to passionate climax.

All in all, life was good.

