Hostage (Super Mario ABDL fic)

Author: luigifantard

*000*2015-10-16 06:09

I've been working on this for who knows how long. But I love it and hopefully you will too ^^

Where are you?

Mario struggled to regain his conscience. Whatever knocked him out that time hit him hard. He felt cold on the outside,yet hollow and fuzzy on the inside."What happened..." he slurred,to nobody in particular. Moaning,he lifted his head and tried to lift his arms-only to find them bound to his body with rope-no,it wasn't rope,he thought.Whatever this was was too soft and smooth to be rope he looked at it and found it to be...Plastic wrap? He wasn't really sure.

He squirmed and struggled to get his arms free,but the plastic wrap restricted his movements so much that he couldn't move.His legs were bare,and Mario was wearing only his shirt and--Something wasn't right.His lower body felt papery and scratchy. Whoever kidnapped him somehow removed his jeans and underwear and replaced it with--Oh heck no.It can't be. He looked down and-there it was-a thick,cushy diaper,complete with a moon and star print.

Every drop of blood in Mario's body immediately rushed to his face as he made this discovery. This can't be happening! His kidnapper had him tied up and padded for some reason. Fighting back an intense urge to find this sicko and tear him to shreds,he nearly threw himself around trying to escape,thrashing wildly to get his arms free.But no such luck. Helpless and tired out,he sunk to the floor,hopeless.

Suddenly a bony,pale figure entered the room. Mario's mood instantly reverted from hopeless depression to uncontrollable rage as he faced his kidnapper. He-or it-was a shocking pale,with relatively thin blonde patches of hair here and there. His dull,grey eyes were wideset,giving off a "psycho" appearance. His clothes were ripped and barely there. "Hey there,little guy..." he cooed in a rocky,stale voice.

"Get me out of here!" Mario demanded angrily,lurching forward at this wisp of a human. But that only worsened the situation he was in.

"Aww,baby is cranky," the man teased,patting Mario's diaper.It was extra thick,Mario noticed. "But don't worry,daddy will make you a happy baby.Daddy loves his little boys."

Mario really hated this guy.First knocking him out,somehow,then kidnapping him,then tying him up and diapering him against his consent.

The man's smile changed from teasingly endearing to malicious. "Nah,who am I kidding-I have your brother locked up somewhere you can't find him." Just hearing those words filled Mario with rage. He had Luigi locked up somewhere,desperate and helpless,. He's probably chained to the wall,slouched over and sobbing hopelessly... Suddenly the man got closer to Mario's face than comfortable. "But don't worry about him-he's under heavy hypnotization."

Heavy hypnotization... Mario's thoughts became muddled at this statement.Does that mean...

"Right now,he thinks he's just a baby." The man let out a sinister laugh. "You should have seen him earlier-little guy was playing with his toes before you woke up.How adorable."

That was the last straw. Mario lunged out at him,only to fall flat on his chest. The man laughed at his subtle attempt. "Aw,baby doesn't like his holder? You're probably hungry," he crooned as he held out a bottle to Mario.

Just the sight of the bottle made Mario's mouth water.He hadn't eaten in a while,and he was famished. He leaned closer to the bottle,tempted by hunger.To heck with dignity,he was starving! Mario bit at the plastic that was restraining his arms,trying to get himself out of the plastic's grasp.In a minute he was suckling happily,his arms and upper body free.

"There we go,"the man teased. "I want my baby to be happy."

Mario didn't pay any attention to him. He was full and happy,and started to feel sleepy. He yawned and rubbed one eye as the man said something else,but he didn't hear him.

"Oh,I forgot--there's something in the milk that'll screw up your thinking processes,so you'll be a baby in no time.Unless you're immune to it somehow-which i doubt you are."

The man's laughter was all Mario remembered as he drifted off to sleep.

###

Mario awoke to a strange rumbling feeling.How long was he asleep? He assumed he was out for a day because pale morning light was filtering through the window and various cracks in the walls.Remembering that his arms were free,he stood up and stretched--only to desperately grab his stomach area. He hadn't been to the bathroom in a while.

He was confused and desperate.How was he going to be able to stand up without flooding himself? Grabbing his heavily padded lower area,Mario forced himself into a standing position and slid up the wall. That worked. Still pressing his lower body,Mario awkwardly waddled down the hallways to wherever that strange man was. Sure enough,he found him,opening a pack of diapers and storing them for later use.

"Is baby awake?" the man teased,pretending not to notice Mario's desperation.

"W-Where's the bathroom,"Mario stuttered nervously,his face a bright red.

The man gave a sinister,teasing smile. "Does baby need to go potty?" he hissed."Look down.You're wearing one." With that,he gave another malicious laugh and left.

You're wearing one...Mario glanced down at his thick diaper.What if...

No. Mario quickly pushed the thought from his mind. Just...no. He was definitely not going to wet himself like a baby. But he knew he couldn't hold it that long,and eventually it was going to happen. He shrugged and decided to go find a bathroom himself. But after 12 minutes of desperate searching,there weren't any. Mario sighed,hopeless and let himself slide down the wall,to the cold,hard floor. There are no bathrooms in this prison of a place.

Suddenly,he gasped. He couldn't hold it in anymore. Mario watched in horror as he lost control,a violent torrent of urine flowing out of him as his diaper's front darkened in color and became warmer and more wet. His cheeks turned a deep red as all of it just flowed out of him with ease. He sighed heavily,giving into his relief as the discomfort went away.He felt better,much better.

As the star print on the diaper faded into nothing,Mario looked to see how much he wet himself-which was pretty bad,indeed considering how long he'd been holding it.

His diaper became soggy and yellow-tinted,and there was nothing where the icon used to be. He sighed,somewhat embarrassed.Lucky thing it didn't leak. He listlessly started down the hallway to try and find Luigi,when suddenly...

There was a low,rumbling feeling.Mario knew what was going to happen,and he didn't try to resist this time.Squatting,he groaned loudly as he pushed,forcing out smelly,mushy poop. He felt embarassed as the first log slid out of him and into his diaper. Just gently pressing his stomach caused another one to plop out. Then another one. It all went through noiselessly-except for the last one,which gave off a resounding fart,much to his embarassment. He continued pushing for about a while. When he was done he sighed in relief,even though messing his diaper also forced out more urine.

Now what? He couldn't just sit here with a wet and messy diaper. Ovbiously he needed a change-and just in time,too,because the man was strolling down the hallway with a bottle. "Hello there,my little baby boy."

Mario just stared at him,red-faced.

"Does baby need a new nappy?" the man crooned.

Mario nodded.

"Aww...Come on,daddy will change you." He took Mario's hand and led him down a narrow,freezing hallway. The floor became increasingly colder with every step,and Mario was barefoot,so he was shivering by the time they got to the changing table. He was glad to be off of the cold,hard floor-untill he was lifted up onto the table,which was colder.

Mario's teeth were chattering as the man untaped his soiled diaper. The cold air hitting his exposed body made him shiver intensely. "Is baby cold?" the man asked.

Mario shook his head,even though he was freezing. The cold,wet baby wipes touching his exposed skin sent chills through him,along with that inevitable feeling of having to sneeze. "Ah..."

"I think poor baby is starting to catch a chill," the man crooned in his rough voice as he lifted Mario's legs and placed a fresh,clean diaper under them. "Don't worry,I'm almost done." Just as he taped on the last fastener was when Mario snapped forward. "Ah-p'tsch!!"

The explosion felt and sounded like he was blowing a raspberry,and most of the moisture got forced out of Mario's mouth. But enough was forced through his nose to make him feel stuffy. Mario sniffed wetly,trying to clear his blocked airways. "Ahh...I feel bedder..." he sighed.

"Aww,does baby feel sniffly?" the man cooed.He pulled out a nose suctioner,only for Mario to jerk back. "No! I cad blow by dose byself." He reached for a nearby tissue box and blew his nose loudly,just as he said.

As the man lifted Mario off of the changing table and onto the cold floor,Mario felt something different as his bare feet touched the ground-sleepiness. He yawned loudly and rubbed his eyes with his free hand as the man led him down the hallway. They were going pretty slowly,and before long Mario was stumbling over himself in blind drowsiness and nearly dozed off while standing twice. "Is baby sleepy?" the man asked,noticing Mario. He nodded just before yawning again. "I'm c-cold..." he mumbled drowsily,his voice catching on "cold".

The man lifted Mario up and into his arms and started back towards the changing room,where he slid some fuzzy socks and gloves onto his hands and feet. They were warm and comfortable,which only made Mario sleepier. "I-I'm sleepy..." Mario barely finished his sentence before he yawned again,not bothering to cover his mouth or anything. He decided to take a quick nap as the man strapped him into a high chair,but Mario instantly snapped awake when the man offered him a bottle.

"N-No bottle..! I wanna go to sleep..." Mario protested.He felt more babyish the more the man fed him. But he was too tired to think about it as the man nudged the bottle tip into Mario's mouth,and soon the bottle was half empty before Mario realized that he was hungry. Soon,the bottle was empty, and Mario was full,warm,and very,very drowsy. "C-Can I go to sleep now..?" Mario yawned.

"Sure you can," the man replied. This time,he carried Mario to a different room-one which had a television,lots of toys,and a huge bed that could fit two people and still have enough room. Mario tried hard not to doze off in this stranger's arms,but he was always so warm,and...

He couldn't help it. As the man lowered him onto the bed and pulled the soft,warm blankets over him, Mario felt himself slowly drift off. All he could remember was the man cradling another figure-possibly Luigi- and his own voice,yawning loudly.

Hmm...Escaping can wait.He felt too comfortable.

He wondered what was happening back in the Mushroom Kingdom right now...

