Lovely Faustians of Persona 4

Author: PomEmy

*000*2020-07-24 06:50

Hello everyone! I have a special treat for everyone, that I hope you will all enjoy. Recently I have fallen in love with the Persona series, more specifically Persona 4. Thus I have commissioned @AuthorFaust to write some lovely stories that I am about to share with you all tonight (of course with his permission). This thread will be where I post his wonderful works of art about Persona 4, more will come as I commission it or feel like sharing. These are all short stories maybe only 1000 words or so each, but they are all lovely. Some might contain messing, thus this thread is tagged as such, but most will be pure wetting. I will of course, before each post, have a title and will tag the post accordingly so nobody is duped.

This set of stories are aimed at following my favorite character Yukiko and her interactions with Yu the main protagonist of the game. Typical warning, there will be potential spoilers for the game as it goes throughout the timeline and messes with different events that occur in the game. So you have been warned. Other characters will appear (my favorites being Rise, Kanji, and Naoto) so I will be tagging them at the top of the story too. The titles of each "chapter" will also be my own invention more so directed towards setting the scene of the narrative.

With all this being said I hope you enjoy the wonderful Faust Fictions.

Characters: Yukiko and Yu

Contains: Wetting

Summer Exams

'Come on... Focus...'

The raven haired girl scrawled about, pen-to-paper, as the sweltering heat of summer started to peek in through the windows.

The Inaba schools weren't the most...recent, so a novelty like an Air conditioner was functionally unheard of, prompting the students to bring in refreshments to combat the heat....

'At least I have my summer uniform..' the girl thought as she took another sip of her tea.... gently marking down the next answers as she saw them. If she was still in her winter uniform, with the black tights coupled to her uniform, it would be positively Unbearable.

Her hands were deftly penning answer after answer, circling choices, and moving about with the intellect of a well-studied individual, but there was one question around halfway through the exam that she couldn't so readily answer..

Pang

How to deal with all of the tea her body had processed.

'Maybe... I should have rationed the tea a little better..'

Her bottle was nearly empty, and though it meant she was quite refreshed mentally....

The tensing, and shifting of her thighs proved she was having... a bit of an issue.

'Just a few questions left..' she thought, glancing about quietly as she kept writing and circling.... One leg crossing over the other, and some slight shifts to her posture fought to combat the mounting count of tinkle in her body....

With twenty minutes to go, the Heiress had finally managed to lay down her pen.... Confident in her answers, and done with the exam in it's entirety.

More than she could say for her kung-fu obsessed friend, and the similarly brown haired figure beside her... Despite her best efforts, Hanamura seemed doomed to mediocrity, yet again.

With her gaze returning over her answer sheet, she assured herself she just had to double-check her answers to pass the time.......But..One question remained. One that she couldn't change, once it had been answered....

'Come on... how long can fifteen minutes be?' She thought, resting a hand in her lap as she tried to delicately, subtly apply pressure to her slightly strained personal water spout.... Not wanting to progress to full on holding in such a crowded classroom....

But not wanting to risk shaming herself either. It was.... An ordeal, reading over mountains, recollecting old historical figures...Trying to not notice as her classmates constantly titled back and drank drink after drink...Beverage for beverage..Drop for drop... As every swirl of liquid made her body feel that much tenser... As a sound filled the air..

Thump..Sssssssssssh

"Ahh..! Damn It!"

For a moment, she worried she had sprung a leak.... But, no, it was just Yosuke having knocked over his bottled water... again.

The pooling, swirling puddle didn't do her imagination any favors, but after the initial shock, she managed to compose herself.... Legs tensing, and personal muscles clenching as she looked up at the clock... Praying.. willing It to go just a touch faster...

'Just... five... more... minutes..'

She had begun to sweat again by the time class was soon to depart, be it from the tension, or the heat, she couldn't be entirely sure...

But, the moment the bell rang, and the teacher called for everyone to bring their tests forward...

Zoom

She darted from her seat to the Teacher's desk, hearing the rumbling of students fill the halls as they celebrated their much-desired freedom.... And she could finally make her way towards solving that last problem before it answered itself..

Getting to the school bathrooms.

"Sorry... Excuse me... Pardon me.." She called out as she bobbed and weaved through the herd of students on the second floor, doing her best to avoid bumping into any as she felt her posture stiffening.

'I hope that's just sweat' she thought as she felt a sort of dampness just underneath her skirtline... swerving to pass a herd of students headed opposite her once again, before seeing her destination......

And the absolute herd of girls standing in a queue outside it.

Yasogami wasn't the most crowded school, but in times of prominent stress and pressure, it was amazing how many students could all congest the way towards a destination....

Especially when that destination had a time limit more important to meet than any standardized test could ever feel in the moment..

'Eight... nine....Ten girls outside..?!' Yukiko counted, with knocking knees and growing anxiety. 'And there could be more inside.....'

There was no way... The idea of trying to endure through nearly a dozen other students in a similarly precarious state... And not involuntarily shaming herself... It was mad to even entertain the thought.

'I..I'll just go back to the inn..!' she thought, finally allowing her hand to dip to her skirt as she went back into the (Thankfully thinning) Crowd, heading towards the exit of the school. 'It's got to be a shorter wait than this..'

Guaranteed to be cleaner too.

As the Heiress stumbled, and staggered her way through the halls, she eventually managed to come to the last major obstacle in escaping the school...

The staircase.

Little bumps, going up or down, had always been troubling when you had a school as old as Yasogami, but doing so on a proverbial full tank as well?

'Trying to rush this will just end in disaster..' she thought cooly, rationally. 'I...will give it a bit to clear up, and then i'll make my way down the stairs.'

Mercifully, it was only one flight. Cruelly, however, were the thinning crowds of students frantic for their own escape..... Leaving the girl to back against the wall to avoid being bumped into, and bouncing her legs nervously as pressure mounted...

Pang...pang...pang..

The urge was compounding, and the need was rising... But, just as she felt it was getting a bit too tough, she could see the end of the herds, and as such.. Her opening.

'Okay.. just gotta make it down..' She thought, as she took the first step. 'Slow and steady... Just need to keep in contr-'

It was a good attempt, but with her body quivering every which way, precision was a near-impossibility.. And, with her focus in composing her own body, she managed to slip at just the last bundle of steps....

Feeling herself falling down the last few, and....

"Gh...! Are you alright?'

She tumbled right into someone else. Though she didn't crash into the floor as hard as she had feared, her staggered posture had forced her legs apart in a futile effort to keep balance....

Sssssssh... Ssssssssshhhh..

As the sudden swell of liquid in her took it's opening, quickly sputtering and spraying down her inner thighs and trickling down her legs....

The rest of her strength quickly evaporating as her now-wobbly knees gave out... And she finally fell to the ground against her would-be savior..

"Ahhhh... Ahhhhhhhh...

It was already embarrassing to fall from such an easy motion..but...

Sssssssssh.. sssssssshshsshshshsshhhh

The stumble, coupled with the loud, vicious release made the heiress blush as red as her jacket.... No longer just sputtering, but full on gushing on the wooden floor of the hallway, and she hadn't even looked up to see who had tried to catch her.

"Ah... Y..Yukiko.."

If she could turn any redder, she would have... That voice being all too familiar, as she anxiously jerked her head up....

Seeing Yu, staring with shock as he had been holding her shoulders, before her untimely descent into the depths of wetness....

Wide-eyed, and mouth agape..... As she could only aggressively wet herself, blushing and quivering with every passing moment.

""Y...Y..Y..." she started, feeling the quivers of relief wash over her, and the shivers of fear filling her eyes. She couldn't quite know why, but of all the people to find her in such an... immature, indecent state... In such a compromising position...

Yu being the one it was, made her heart pound in the worst possible way, as if all of her worst fears were being brought back to life.....

Yet, he didn't seem to be upset about her situation.. .No, it had a look of... Angelic understanding as her body started to finally taper off, looking at her with kind, gentle eyes as he kept his hand down for her.

"Are you hurt..?" he asked, Yukiko being a touch... taken aback by how he didn't seem troubled by her unfortunate accident.... Taking his hand quietly.

"I... Um... No.. I'm... .." she muttered weakly, her eyes nearly slamming shut in embarrassment as she took the boy's hand.. Standing on shaky legs, as she couldn't bring herself to meet his gaze.

It was... a strange feeling. Warm, and fuzzy... Yet maddeningly embarrassing. She wanted to scream, to cry, to do a whole lot of things....

But, for some reason, Yu acting like it was no big deal..As if it was some simple, day to day thing...

It assured her... And made her want to find out more about this warm feeling he made her feel...

