Senior Class Trip

Author: herrokitty

*000*2022-11-27 17:16

A while back, some old friends of mine were reminiscing about our senior year field trip, which sparked an idea for a story. I didn't get around to finishing it at the time, but went back recently and did so, so I thought I'd share in case it's enjoyable for anyone else.

My senior year, our school celebrated the graduating class by taking them on a trip to an amusement park. Personally, my ideal senior trip would be a day to stay home, but the day turned out much more interesting than I anticipated.

We arrived at our school earlier than usual to load up on school buses. Despite it being the end of the year and summer, it was slightly chillier than usual that morning and people huddled together drinking their warm coffees. I would have done the same with my friends but we were assigned to buses in alphabetical order and I was quickly separated from them when the buses arrived. By some quirk, none of my close friends had last names close to mine, so I walked into the school bus alone and grabbed the first seat I saw that was empty, which was in the middle of the bus by a girl named Jocelyn. We didn’t run in the same crowd but she was considered a rather nice person and quickly smiled at me before turning back to her two friends sitting behind her. Despite the trip being nearly two hours to get to the amusement park, our school could only afford school buses, which there was some grumbling about. Certainly, a coach bus would have been nice to nap in.

I looked around to double check if I knew anyone around me well enough to talk to them. In front of me were two rather catty girls I wanted nothing to do with and they wanted nothing to do with the rest of the bus, immediately going on social media and only talking amongst themselves. Across from them, diagonally to the right from me, was a girl I barely knew and her friend Leslie. Leslie was a wavy-haired girl known mostly for her academic achievements, but her baggy black jeans and unassuming top hid a more curvaceous body than most knew. I wasn’t close with her though and shifted away from my perverse thoughts and looked across the aisle. Imani sat closest to me with her boyfriend on the window aisle.

Imani, an athletic Black girl who was both academically gifted and one of our star athletes, wore a school button-up - maybe she forgot we could dress casually, maybe she actually wanted to rep our otherwise rather unpopular school - and tan shorts and was already immersed in a playful argument with her boyfriend. Next to me, Jocelyn was kneeling on the seat so she could see above the back as she talked to her friends. This gave me a moment to admire the attractive, popular girl from her straight dark hair to her midriff, exposed between her white crop top and her high waisted blue jeans, to the curves of her ass due to her tight jeans. I also noticed all three girls sipping coffee from their thermos and a hint of a thought entered my brain… but I pushed it aside and pulled out my own phone to pass the time until we took off.

As we started to move, I put away my phone to avoid carsickness and dozed for a bit as those around me chatted with their friends. By the time I really woke up, we were probably just under thirty minutes away from the amusement park. I noticed first that Jocelyn had stopped talking to her friends and was sitting quietly next to me, thermos empty and a little hunched over. I didn’t think too much about it at the moment and glanced around. Imani was sitting quietly as well, her legs crossed tightly and her rather strong muscles flexed.

Her boyfriend was asleep and leaning against the window. Leslie’s foot was tapping the floor of the bus as she continued talking with her friend, and I finally allowed a thought to percolate to my brain - I had a feeling these girls who had chugged their coffees were in need of a bathroom. Not exactly the most brilliant deduction, but this was an exciting thought for my perverse brain. However, as I did not want to be known as a pervert, I quickly pushed these thoughts aside and focused on looking ahead to see where we were.

Soon, though, movement in my peripheral vision to my left made me look over. I was greeted by the sight of Jocelyn bent over, both hands shoved in her crotch, and legs crossed tightly. I was unsure if it had to do with her desperation or her posture, but her bare midriff bulged slightly as she bounced her legs. It was undeniable what was going on. Jocelyn saw me looking and smiled weakly. “Sorry… I have to use the bathroom…”

I tried to look comforting. “No worries, we’re almost there. We should have had coach buses with bathrooms too, but our school was too cheap I guess.”

She nodded in agreement but was too focused on holding to respond further. I glanced around in order not to stare. Leslie had fallen silent as she continued to tap her feet while Imani rocked slightly as she hunched over with her legs crossed, her hands gripping her legs as she held them tightly in place.

I looked back and Jocelyn was still hunched over, but her hands were out of her crotch and now tightly holding onto the edge of the bus seat. I was surprised she pulled her hands out, but the reason for it became clear as I heard a quiet “pfft.” Jocelyn blushed and focused on staring out the window, refusing to find out if I noticed as I smelled the relatively subtle fart. She was gripping the seat to press her ass into the seat, clearly needing to go both ways. A moment later, she squirmed as she pressed her ass down, but the focus on her bowels meant she must have leaked, because a wet spot the size of a coin appeared on her light blue jeans right where her crossed legs met her crotch.

Soon after, a rather large bump along the road caused the wet spot to glisten, darken, and expand. Jocelyn looked down and tried her best to hold on, but at this point I could see the wet patch glisten and expand every few seconds. I was fascinated and frankly, immensely turned on watching and didn’t even pretend to be looking at anything else as I stared at the patch growing from just her crotch to halfway down her thighs. At one point, a spurt was long enough that I saw a puddle form before seeping down between her legs. Jocelyn had her eyes closed at this point and a trickle had begun running down the bus seat and onto the floor, though the puddle was small enough that no one else noticed yet.

Unfortunately for Jocelyn, the bladder release did nothing for her bowels, and I heard another soft fart followed by a momentary crackle. Jocelyn involuntarily grunted as she leaned over harder, arms now holding her stomach. The scent of her burgeoning accident, still subtle, wafted to my nose and I wondered how there would be room for her escaping bowels as she ground her ass ever harder into the seat. The focus on her bowels clearly took her concentration away from her bladder as well and I heard a growing trickle as she began to pee in earnest.

Her thighs glistened and the puddle beneath her grew in size. My own shoes were now dangerously close to her puddle, though I made no effort to move my feet. The trajectory of her urine trickling to her ass before running off the bus seat and dripping off the edge to the floor meant my own pants were safe from her accident. She finally looked over at me, knowing there was no hiding her accident. Her eyes watered a little with shame and embarrassment. “I’m so sorry… I couldn’t hold it…”

I really did feel for her in that moment and instinctively put one of my arms around her shoulders. “Don’t worry about it… it happens. I’m not judging at all.”

She stiffened under my touch momentarily but then relaxed, leaning her head against my shoulder. However, with my arm around her shoulder, when we went over another bump, I accidentally pulled her closer to me. The left side of her ass lifted off the seat for a moment and a louder fart escaped this time. She buried her face on my shirt in embarrassment as I heard her finish messing herself, the rest of her load escaping in one final woosh. She stayed leaning to the right to avoid entirely sitting on her load and looked up. “What am I going to do… we have to get off the bus soon.”

I took my arm off from around her shoulder and took off my red school sweatshirt, revealing a plain t-shirt underneath. I handed it to her. “Wrap this up around your waist… Keep it for the rest of the day.”

She hesitated. “Are you sure? They’re going to get dirty…”

I nodded. “I don’t mind. Seriously.”

She took the sweatshirt and gave me a kiss on the cheek as a thank you. She blushed again. “Sorry… you probably don’t want a kiss from a girl who just had an accident.”

I looked her in the eyes. She had no idea this was doing the opposite of grossing me out. I didn’t have any words but instead kissed her chastely on the lips. I didn’t want to overplay my hand, but in that moment I thought the brown-eyed girl was one of the most beautiful people I had ever seen. I had my own embarrassing bulge in my pants I hoped she hadn’t noticed. She, however, was busy being surprised by my kiss and returned with a deeper one and we made out for a minute before she pulled away and said, “We’re pulling into the lot…”

I looked around and saw we indeed were outside the amusement park. I also looked to see if anyone noticed us, but everyone was preoccupied admiring the park. Imani was still desperate to go, and it seemed her boyfriend had just woken up and was trying to comfort her as well as she doubled over with her hands in her crotch. When she pulled her hands out, I noticed a small wet spot, easily visible on the light tan shorts. I remembered Leslie was desperate as well and to my surprise, saw a similar puddle to Jocelyn’s at Leslie’s feet. From where I was sitting, though, Leslie’s black jeans seemed to give away no other sign that she had wet herself already. For a moment I wished I had witnessed the wetting directly, but making out with Jocelyn was worth it.

The bus soon parked outside the main entrance and Jocelyn stood up, wrapping the sweatshirt around her. She showed me her behind before turning back and asking me, “How does it look?”

The sweatshirt fully covered the wet spot and presumable bulge that was there. Given the seated position, the wet patch was likely contained to the seat of her pants and her upper thighs. On the front, the wetness was minimal as she was seated, though if the ends of the arms of the sweatshirts moved aside, one could see a clear wet spot on her crotch and a little bit on the thighs. I said, “You’re in the clear… just keep the sleeves of the sweatshirt where they are now.”

The bus doors opened and people began to exit. I watched Leslie keenly as she stood and could just faintly tell the seat of her pants was darker than the rest of her black jeans. Another surprise revealed itself as she took a step towards the exit. The black jeans were not skin tight, but when she walked, a slight bulge was revealed and I realized she must have messed herself as well. To do so subtly and quietly… I was impressed. Imani was next to step out, and before her boyfriend could shield her rear end, I saw a wet patch the size of a fist and her ass was also clearly tightly clenched. They quickly stepped off the bus and I let Jocelyn off, walking behind her as an additional layer of protection (much like Imani’s boyfriend).

We lined up at the entrance, waiting to be waved through by security. Jocelyn’s friends made small talk with her and myself as we waited in line, but they could tell Jocelyn was more reserved than usual and generally left her alone. The conversation did give Jocelyn some confidence, though, that folks weren’t going to immediately notice her accident. Leslie’s own accident was less and less obvious as her jeans dried in the sun, the temperature much warmer than the morning. I still glanced over for glimpses of the hint of a bulge that revealed itself when she stepped forward. Leslie’s refusal to show any awkwardness over her accident was just as much a turn-on as Jocelyn’s accident.

Meanwhile, Imani was struggling much more as she hadn’t had much release on the bus. From behind, I easily saw when trickles escaped and ran down her thighs. First, one went down her left leg to the back of her knee. Next, another escaped on her right side as the left trickle grew to her ankle. A few steps further up and both trickles grew and droplets appeared on the pavement. Her boyfriend kept his arm around her, comforting her, but she couldn’t help as she began to wet herself in earnest in spurts. Her tan shorts were clearly wet, with a sort of triangle below the wet circle that occurred when she was on the bus.

Her downfall came a few steps later, though, when I saw a bulge appear in the seat of her pants. Despite her tightly clenched ass, a load was clearly escaping regardless. It was first the size of a couple knuckles, but it soon grew to a golf ball, then a small orange. Each growth led to renewed peeing and she was leaving fist-sized puddles on the pavement now. I stared, fascinated by the way the bulge grew and how she peed in symmetry with her bowels. Her shorts showed clear pantylines, and the full cut panties she had clearly chosen at least paid off in containing her growing accident. A few others behind us almost certainly were watching the accident as well, but I couldn’t see Imani’s face from behind. I imagine she was mortified and I felt a pang of guilt for enjoying the show.

After a couple more minutes of waiting and more leaks, Imani finally completely released. A loud fart escaped - loud enough to cause Leslie to turn around in surprise, finally noticing Imani’s accident - and the bulge seemingly doubled in size in just a couple seconds. Piss flowed freely down Imani’s legs, creating a sizable puddle on the asphalt. Leslie immediately went to comfort Imani, along with her boyfriend and Jocelyn. Leslie whispered something to Imani and Jocelyn pointed to my sweatshirt around her waist. Imani then took off her button-up, revealing a sports bra and her muscular abs. She wrapped the shirt around her waist the same way Jocelyn wrapped my sweatshirt and it did genuinely do a good job at hiding her accident. Since she had shorts, once she wiped down her legs a bit with her hands, the staining was concentrated in a small area. Her bulge was large enough I could tell while staring even through her shirt, but few would look that closely.

I imagine it was a strange experience for the three girls to walk through the metal detector with accidents in their pants, but of course that did not set off any security and they were waved through, the guards likely not even looking closely enough to notice their accidents. However, once inside, a teacher confronted Imani. Ms. Boone was known as a rule follower and a mean teacher, and she immediately began telling Imani to put her shirt back on, claiming a sports bra was against school policy. A back and forth argument ensued, drawing a small crowd of our fellow students. Finally, Imani, in tears, took the shirt from around her waist and around her shoulders instead, revealing her accident. Ms. Boone made no comment on the accident and merely smiled smugly, stating, “Now you’re in dress code.”

Ms. Boone walked away, her own tight windbreaker and black leggings showing off her own curves. Her walk even seemed condescending, and students in the crowd whispered to each other. Many came up to comfort Imani, calling Ms. Boone a bitch and other names. I, for one, was glad public opinion was on Imani’s side and it seemed no one judged her for her accident. Her boyfriend soon pulled her away from the crowd, though, presumably to help her clean up. Leslie, too, made a beeline to the nearest bathroom. I turned to Jocelyn and asked, “Should we go get you cleaned up?”

Jocelyn nodded. She turned to her friends. “Hey, I’ll catch up with you later.”

Her friends gave me a lingering look then smiled at her and walked away. I’m sure they thought we were escaping to hook up and that explained her newfound attention to me… Little did they know there was something else she had to take care of first! I said, “A bunch of students are going to the closest bathroom, let’s find one further away to get some privacy.”

She nodded and we walked in silence through the park, not even looking at the rides. My sweatshirt did a good job of hiding her accident, though, and no one paid us any mind. We found a bathroom tucked away in a back corner of the amusement park and even better, it was a single occupancy bathroom. She stepped inside while I stood outside, not wanting to overstep my bounds. She turned around. “Would you mind… coming inside with me?”

I said yes, thinking secretly, “That’s actually exactly what I wanted to hear.” I stepped in and closed and locked the door. She took off the sweatshirt and looked mournfully at the wet and slightly brown patch on the inside. I took it and threw it in the sink, not caring about the stain. I looked down and saw the entire rear end and upper half of her thighs were soaked from behind, in addition to a small portion of her crotch in the front. The tight jeans meant the bulge from her mess wasn’t too obvious, but you could tell between the left and right pantylines there was a bulge, drooping more to the left than the right. The wetness meant a brown stain had seeped through, too, about the size of the fist. Jocelyn looked in the mirror before unbuttoning her jeans.

She gingerly pulled her jeans down, revealing purple hipster panties that were dark & soaked at the crotch and halfway up the ass and a slightly flattened load that threatened to spill out of the leg holes of her underwear. She gingerly waddled over to the toilet and dumped out her load before pulling her panties back up and flushing. I’m sure her panties and ass were still messy, but she seemed to think it was a lost cause to try to clean it up. She looked at me mournfully. “I’m sorry, this probably isn’t very sexy…”

I didn’t say anything and merely strode over and kissed her as she stood there, messy and wet panties on and jeans around her knees. She returned the kiss and we made out passionately in the bathroom, too young and horny to realize what an unflattering setting it was. Soon, I was fingering her through her wet panties, the wet cotton driving me crazy. She paused for a moment, likely embarrassed I was touching her urine-soaked underwear, but her arousal took over and she let me finger her until her knees buckled slightly and she came. I felt a renewed wetness on my fingers. I was unsure what it was but I enjoyed the moment anyway.

She came to her senses and pulled my jeans and boxer briefs down before sitting me on the toilet. She got on her knees and blew me. She was clearly not a rookie at this - I wouldn’t know, having not been around the popular kids much! - and I certainly was not complaining. After all I had seen and experienced today, I came in record time. Jocelyn swallowed then we both pulled our jeans up, slowly returning to our senses. She put my sweatshirt back around her waist and gave me a little kiss on the cheek. “Hopefully that pays you back for helping me so much… Do you mind if I keep this sweatshirt? I can give it back at the end of the day.”

I nodded, not even put together enough to say words. We exchanged smiles one more time before stepping out of the bathroom, hoping no one noticed us both being in there. She returned to her friend group and I headed to the food court, feeling hungry for an early lunch.

A couple of my friends were thinking the same thing and already seated. They waved me over and I stopped by to say hi before waiting in line to get a typical amusement park lunch - hot dog, fries, soda. I rejoined my friends and put the memories of my morning aside for a moment, eating my food and enjoying the company.

My… interests, however, reared their head again when I saw Ms. Boone step away from her food for a moment to tell off a student for running in the food court - yet another rule no one cared about in the middle of an amusement park. A couple students hurriedly walk past and I thought I saw someone dump a packet into Ms. Boone’s open thermos… a few other students perked their eyes at the sight, but no one said a thing when Ms. Boone returned. I thought to myself, “Why would Ms. Boone keep working as a teacher when no one liked her… Here were students committing a literal crime against her, and none of us would rat them out.”

There were some excited whispers from our friend group after seeing that, but obviously there was no immediate outcome - she sipped her drink, none the wiser, and we’d have to wait until later in the day to see if there was indeed anything put in her drink and what it was. Another sight caught my interest, though, as we finished our food and planned which ride to try out. The table next to ours had a group of girls eating and laughing, like us, but they drew my attention when one, a short Latina girl named Gabriela, was laughing particularly hard. I wasn’t sure what she was laughing at, but after a moment she wheezed between high-pitched laughing fits, “Help… I’m peeing…”

I looked down beneath her ass on the picnic table. Indeed, a puddle formed as a clear stream flowed through the holes in the metal bench. My friends giggled and whispered to each other at the sight, but as they were normal people, they quickly moved onto a new conversation. I kept glancing as Gabriela finished peeing, laughing all the while. The steady stream slowed to a trickle, ending with several short spurts. The puddle surrounded her feet and her friends had scooted over to avoid the damage. Gabriela stood up, her tight black leggings practically see-thru and clearly showing a white thong. She spun 360 and bent over for her friends. “Is it obvious?”

From where I sat, I could see the outline of a wet patch and it made the leggings more translucent than ever, but it wasn’t so obvious every bystander would notice. Her friends said essentially the same - one could only notice if one was looking closely - and Gabriela shrugged and she and her friends went off to ride rollercoasters as if nothing had happened. My hyperactive imagination wondered if her damp leggings would leave visible evidence on the seat of the rides she’d go on this afternoon…

My friends soon after also got up to check out the rides. I promised I would join them in a second but first had to pee myself, having not gone since before we got on the bus. I went to the closest bathroom and was greeted with a line. There were two open arches facing away from each other, one the men’s and one the women’s. This format meant the line from inside the bathroom extended outside, and I was behind about five guys outside the arch while there were about ten women. While the men’s line moved quickly, aided by the presence of urinals, the line was long enough it gave me time to glance at the women’s line.

Most were people I didn’t know and had no massive signs of desperation - occasional crossed legs, tapping foot - but the third in line was a girl I knew a little. She was a skinny and quiet goth-presenting girl named Demi, and her dark hair and shadowy make-up today was no different, though she dressed in the uniform khakis for once. Despite her reserved personality, she must have been extremely desperate as she blatantly held her crotch and crossed her legs, bouncing in place. She looked extremely embarrassed but refused to make eye contact with anyone else, though I tried to smile reassuringly to her. Soon, though, I was inside and able to do my business but unable to see Demi.

After my uneventful trip inside the bathroom, I stepped out and saw Demi was still in line and still outside. The women’s line was moving slowly, even by standards of women’s lines. Demi was hunched over, clearly at her wit’s end. I realized it would be weird for me to stand there and stare, but I was given an excuse in a second when Ms. Boone stormed past the line into the bathroom. At first I thought that she maybe had to go and was flexing her power, but she looked angry, not worried. I heard banging, and soon after Ms. Boone was dragging a girl, Isabelle, out of the bathroom. Ms. Boone shouted, “You’ve held up this line for too long. Everyone’s been reporting a stall has been occupied for ages and it reeks of weed. I know you’re vaping in there, hand it over!”

Isabel, an admittedly well known stoner, meekly handed over her e-cigarette from her hoodie pocket (I noted, bemused, that if she was using an e-cigarette, “reeking of weed” had to have been hyperbole by Ms. Boone, but I suppose now wasn’t the time to get into an argument). Ms. Boone commanded, “Alright, now to the bus. You’ll wait there and I’ll call your parents.” Isabel whined, “Okay, but I didn’t actually pee yet, can I pee first?”

While no one liked Ms. Boone, it was absurd that she took the stall for so long and didn’t even pee and the other women in line rolled their eyes at her. Ms. Boone said, incredulous, “Absolutely not, you’ve used up enough time in there. Let’s go.”

I was unsure if Isabel was truly desperate or just being a brat at Ms. Boone, but in response she stood in front of the crowd and peed freely, the ripped black jeans glistening for a moment while a puddle grew on the sidewalk cement. This show was also too much for Demi, and I saw a dark patch appear on her khakis around her hands that were thrust into her crotch. As her own accident grew and flowed down her pants, Demi sidled into the inside of the women’s bathroom and out of view. Fortunately, everyone else’s attention was on Isabel. If Isabel was looking for sympathy, she didn’t get it. I took a moment to glance at the glistening on Isabel’s pale legs visible through the rips and holes of her jeans. Ms. Boone said, “Well, now you don’t need the bathroom. Come with me.”

As they marched away and I followed suit so I didn’t look TOO interested in things (though I took a moment to stare at the two foot wide puddle Isabel left behind, along with visible wet footprints), I noticed the black jeans hid Isabel’s accident quite well now that she wasn’t actively soaking her pants. Demi, on the other hand, would have a harder time hiding her accident. I felt bad, thinking of the embarrassing afternoon awaiting her, but she must have done a good job hiding, because I didn’t see her again until the lines for the buses. At that point, her pants were dried and aside from a faint outline around her crotch, rear, and thighs, her accident wasn’t visible.

There were two other incidents, one small and one major, that caught my interest. One was while I was awaiting the drop tower. As I was in line, a brown-haired short but athletic girl from my grade, Brittany, left the ride laughing with her friends. I heard her friends saying, “I cannot believe you peed on that ride.” I was surprised, too, since Brittany was a boisterous girl and I couldn’t imagine she was scared. She said, loud enough for those of us in line to hear, “I don’t know what happened, we dropped and I just couldn’t help it!”

She didn’t seem embarrassed, and her black track pants honestly didn’t show any visible sign of an accident. I thought I saw maybe a darker patch on her rear or some faint wet reflection of the sunlight, but it was probably just hopeful thinking. Either way, Brittany didn’t seem embarrassed and nothing else came of it other than the ride was paused as they cleaned her seat. I did have some lingering thoughts about how Brittany went the rest of the day in presumably soaked underwear, and I wished I could see what was under her track pants.

The second incident occurred as the day was approaching the end. I had ridden all the rides I wanted, and at this point I was just sitting on a bench with a couple friends, talking about nothing in particular. As we talked, more and more students congregated near us so they wouldn’t miss the bus, since we were close to the entrance/exit. This was when I saw Demi’s dried but faint outline. Leslie and Gabriela passed by me as well, though I saw no evidence of their previous accidents on their dark colored clothing. I noticed Imani & Jocelyn arrive next.

Imani’s shorts had dried and there was only a hint of her wetting herself, a slight line outlining the former wet patch. However, the slightly darker brown stain about the size of a dollar bill was noticeable if one checked out her ass, as I did, though there was no bulge anymore. No one paid her mind, people still blaming Ms. Boone for her embarrassment. Jocelyn was wearing my sweatshirt around her waist still and gave me a shy smile when she passed me, which I returned (I think… I at least hope it was a cute smile). It did a good job of hiding any potential evidence of an accident.

The real show was when Ms. Boone arrived. She was speedwalking through the crowd of waiting students. I wondered where she was in a rush to, then I realized she was headed straight to the bathrooms at the entrance. As Boone passed me, I saw her rather voluptuous ass was clenched in her leggings, the outline of a thong visible. Imani’s boyfriend saw her next and got his friends’ attention before making his way to her path. Ms. Boone passed by a particularly dense group of students, not keen to give her any sort of respect or space, and Imani’s boyfriend took the opportunity to stick out his foot and trip Boone. It worked, and she had no idea which student had done it as she flew forward and towards the ground. Everyone heard a massive fart as she fell in surprise, fortunately catching herself with her hands and avoiding any injury.

However, the fall was too much for her self-control and the crowd made a circle around her as she farted again and an unmistakable bulge formed, bypassing her thong. She laid still on her front, frozen in shock, as all the students witnessed her actively mess herself. The bulge grew upward at first before settling between her legs. You could watch the first solid turd curl up, followed by another, and the crackling & farting sounds were obvious for all to hear. After the solid load was emptied, Ms. Boone finally collected herself enough to get back on her feet, but as she did it another loud fart echoed and she let loose another load of looser, wetter poop.

There was no doubt now she was spiked with laxatives. Additionally, the front of her leggings glistened and there was a wet patch on the ground where she laid the size of a dinner plate. Students around her, having no sympathy due to her earlier actions in the day and her general lack of sympathy throughout the school year, filmed her and laughed, and Ms. Boone had tears in her eyes as she speed walked to the bathroom, her legs glistening as she peed and her bulge drooping as she kept loudly messing herself. The less solid load and thong meant you could see the bulge expand down her thighs as she finally reached the bathroom.

The students at my school, including the friends I was sitting with, were cheering and laughing, with my friend sitting next to me high fiving. I had no sympathy for her either, but I was a little more muted in my laughing because I was hiding my massive arousal. Eventually the crowd died down and began filing its way out to the buses and I was also in a decent enough state to get up from the bench.

We were mostly on the same buses, but Jocelyn came by to tell me she was going to join some friends on a different bus. She asked if I wanted my hoodie back and that she could wash it and return it, and I said she could either keep it or I don’t mind taking it back now and washing it. She may have picked up on my intentions, because she gave me a wry smile then handed me my hoodie. As she walked away, I couldn’t see much evidence of her wetting, but could see a faint brown patch from her messing. I saw a similar stain on my hoodie, which I was more than happy to see. It certainly wasn’t in a position for me to put it on. I couldn’t smell anything, which is good - otherwise people might think I had an accident - but the pervert in me hoped if I got a closer whiff, I could smell the evidence of Jocelyn’s accident. However, I wasn’t about to huff my own hoodie while in line in front of a bunch of other students.

Since Jocelyn and a few others had swapped buses, the seats were slightly jumbled and by the time I got on, the closest free seat was the front row behind the driver. Across the aisle were two girls, Destiny and Diana. They were friends through playing softball together. Meanwhile, there was one extra row in front of Destiny & Diana’s seat (that didn’t exist on my side of the aisle because of the driver’s seat) and it was taken up by supplies and one of our PE teachers, Ms. Romo.

Ms. Romo, a fit Latina woman with her slightly messy hair in a bun, was wearing a school-themed t-shirt and athletic shorts. Destiny, a skinny and toned light-skinned Black girl, was wearing tight black biker shorts and a white t-shirt while Diana, a curvier brunette, wore a black t-shirt and ripped light blue “mom” jeans (in that they were a bit looser fitting). Since I didn’t really know them, I paid them no mind and vice versa and by the time we got on the highway, I had fallen asleep and napped for most of the ride back.

When I woke up, we were getting off the highway and I was a little surprised to see the show awaiting me. Diana was hunched over, hugging her own stomach, while Destiny had her hands thrust in her lap and was tapping her feet rapidly. I had a whole seat to myself, so I leaned back against the window in a way where I could pretend I was scrolling through my phone but kept Destiny & Diana in my sight. Diana winced as she bent forward even more. I immediately thought she must have farted - or more - but with the bus engine running and kids laughing and talking throughout, I didn’t hear anything. A moment later, I thought I smelled the faint hint of a fart, confirming my suspicions. I thought maybe Destiny would react to it, but she was too busy rocking back and forth as she held herself. Destiny sat closer to me by the aisle, so I could see her toned legs, exposed by her tight biker shorts, bouncing rapidly as she concentrated on holding back a flood.

Now on the city roads, the bus had to brake and accelerate for traffic & traffic lights. We weren’t on the smooth highway asphalt and the city roads varied widely in quality. This was demonstrated by a particularly bad pothole that caused multiple people to bounce in their seats. I felt the back of my head hit the window, and I flinched in pain as I rubbed the back of my head. I didn’t lose line of sight with the two girls, though, and I saw they fared even worse than me. Destiny clearly leaked, a trickle flowing down the front of her bus seat - the material absorbing nothing. Diana bounced forward when the bus hit the pothole, since she was already leaning forward. With her arms around her stomach, she couldn’t brace herself and lightly hit her forehead against the seat in front of her.

She put her hands on her head in surprise and pain, but her facial expression quickly turned from pain to shock. She froze before leaning over to her left a little. I couldn’t see any details, but I was pretty sure she was losing control and lifting her rear off the seat a little to avoid a messier, crushed load. She buried her face in her hands. Destiny must have realized what was happening and pulled her hands out of her crotch. I could see they were glistening wet and she took a moment to dry them on her biker shorts before putting her arm around Diana, whispering something to her. The change in position and removing her hands was the last straw for her, and as she comforted Diana I could see a growing trickle flow down from beneath Destiny to the front of her bus seat and onto the bus floor. A puddle grew from a few droplets to over a foot wide, sloshing back and forth slightly with the bus’s movement.

Diana’s accident was confirmed as I slowly started to smell the unmistakable scent of a fresh load. For the next few minutes, the scent was faint, but after a few more minutes, the scent became significantly stronger. My first thought was Diana let more go, but regardless of the reason, it was now strong enough there were a few comments and whispers from the rest of the bus. Finally, someone shouted, “What is that smell? Who shit themselves?!”

The bus erupted in laughter. Despite no one knowing it was Diana yet, she looked close to tears. Destiny held Diana closer and whispered something, presumably comforting her. They talked in hushed whispers for a little longer before Destiny grabbed the top of the seat in front of her and hoisted herself to a half-standing position. With her butt off the seat, I could see the glistening of the bus seat surface and her black shorts from her earlier wetting. I had a suspicion of what Destiny would do, but even I scarcely believed it as I saw her bear down slightly and a slight bulge appear, the tight thin material doing nothing to hide the act. Diana looked shocked, too, as the bulge grew. At this point, we were pulling up to the school parking lot where we would either get in our cars or get picked up, and Destiny finished messing herself - leaving a very obvious bulge the size of an orange in her tight shorts. What a good friend Destiny was, I thought.

Finally, the bus doors opened and Ms. Romo got up first and rushed off the bus. I thought she would wait to help other teachers clear out the bus, but as she stepped off, I saw a glimpse of a rather obvious bulge in the seat of her blue athletic shorts as well. THAT must explain the stronger smell soon after Diana first had her accident… Diana got off next, with Destiny blocking the view. I was close enough though that I saw a wet spot the size of a dinner plate on her jeans - even though it wasn’t a full wetting, she clearly must have peed some when she pooped. Her jeans were rather loose around the legs, but Diana’s curvaceous butt pressed against her jeans enough that I could make out the bulge as well.

It wasn’t nearly as obvious as Destiny’s, who stepped out next. A couple people saw her obvious accident and began to giggle, but I decided to be a good Samaritan and immediately got up behind her and blocked the view. Well, to be honest, I also got up to get out as quickly as possible so no one else on the bus would see the major bulge I was hiding in the front… Fortunately for me the driver was busy talking to the other bus driver out of the window and the ladies in front of me didn’t look back.

Ms. Romo, Diana, & Destiny eventually disappeared to their cars - along with another teacher, Ms. Mathers, a mid-twenties woman with dirty blonde hair whose tight blue jeans sported a wet spot that grew from a subtle line up the seams of her jeans to a growing patch extending from below her rather plump rear down her thighs as she hurried to her car before anyone else noticed.

I knew I had a while to wait before my parents could pick me up and I needed to hide my obvious arousal, so I sat on the curb, hand on my lap, while others either got to their cars or got picked up. Dismissal was a hectic affair, with at least three staff - Romo, Mathers, & Boone - already gone and not helping with traffic or coordination. Eventually, though, the crowd dwindled until it was myself and two other girls waiting for their rides and two teachers who finished off the dismissal process. Girl number 1 was Danielle, a short straight-haired brunette with a pretty face. She was wearing somewhat form-fitting army green pants that seemed halfway between cargo pants and khakis. They were still tight enough to show a clear pantyline, made more obvious by the consistent leg crossing.

Her white shirt was tied up in a way that revealed her toned midriff, but I was too busy glancing at her ass, which in addition to being quite attractive seemed to clench subtly at times. These signs were obvious to me but maybe not too obvious, which was unsurprising - Danielle was a feminine and popular girl who cared about how people perceived her. Ava was girl number 2, and she was a tall Latina who played on our basketball team, a fact she showed off with her team shirt, which was white. To match, she wore white sweatpants that were also tight enough to show off her full cut pantylines as well. Despite both being obvious in their desperation, Ava was almost showing it off, dancing in place and pacing while she openly held her crotch. She was always an exuberant character, so clearly she felt no embarrassment with her over the top mannerisms.

The two remaining teachers couldn’t be more different. Ms. Holly was a blonde sports coach and clearly decided to stay comfortable, her muscular arms on show with her tank top and her similarly muscular legs and ass showing off through her black leggings. Ms. Cherry was a brunette English teacher and dressed the part, with a white blouse going with blue semi-formal khakis. Despite Ms. Cherry’s more conservative outfit, I always secretly admired her rather well rounded ass, and two years straight with her meant I knew she always wore more conservative, full cut panties with clear pantylines through her pants (something I always rather liked to see, personally), and today was no exception. Ms. Holly, on the other hand, must have been wearing either a thong or no panties at all, as her leggings didn’t show a hint of a pantyline.

The two teachers came up to us three seniors - myself sitting on the curb and the two women each three feet apart to my left. Ms. Cherry asked, “Do you know when your ride is coming?”

Ava said, “My mom doesn’t get off work for another hour.” I nodded the same. Danielle said, “My mom decided not to pick me up so I had to text my sister, she’ll be here soon.”

Danielle’s voice cracked towards the end of the sentence and she buckled a little, bending at the knees. Ms. Holly looked her up and down for a moment and then said, “Let’s see if we can get into the building then, because I gotta pee.”

I decided Ms. Holly must not have been wearing panties at all because when she mentioned having to pee, I instinctively looked down at her crotch and saw she had a very obvious cameltoe. Obliviousness or a bit of naughtiness on her part, I didn’t know…

Ms. Holly & Ms. Cherry walked up to the building and to their surprise and happiness, the badge worked. When we turned to look, I could see why Ms. Holly had suggested it and looked Danielle up and down. A subtle but visible wet spot the size of a half dollar coin was present right at the crotch of her army green pants. The two teachers beckoned us in but I said I was fine and Danielle said her sister would be here soon, but Ava gladly came in with them.

While the others were inside, Danielle and I waited in silence, myself sitting on the curb while Danielle stood to my left. With no one else around, Danielle openly stood with her legs tightly crossed and her hands in her crotch. I pretended not to notice as I tried to watch with my peripheral vision. After a couple minutes, though, I heard a quiet, high pitched “eep” and couldn’t help but look over. Danielle was now facing away from me, clearly in the middle of turning around but frozen in shock. I realized why she was frozen by a now visible wet spot from behind, going down her thighs an inch, and a subtly visible initial bulge.

The bulge grew a little as the wet spot darkened and this jolted Danielle into action. She finished turning around and shuffled over with a hand in her crotch to a patch of grass between the sidewalk and the school building. Facing away from me, she unbuttoned her pants and pulled them down the moment she was over the grass. She then made her way behind a bush, blocking her from anyone who may be in the parking lot (though I don’t think there was anyone), but my angle still had clear line of sight. She pulled her pants down, revealing her white panties that sported a clear wet spot and slightly brown bulge. She then pulled down her panties and squatted, peeing even before she was fully squatted.

She dumped out the small load in her panties as she pooped involuntarily too, and I watched, fascinated by my view of Danielle from behind. Eventually, though, she remembered to look around and I hurriedly looked away, pretending not to notice. I wasn’t sure if she bought it, but I was content to listen to her finish peeing and pooping, a hiss clearly audible from where I was sitting, along with the occasional soft fart. Eventually, I heard Danielle stand up and zip up her pants, and she returned to the sidewalk. I glanced over for a moment and saw a wet spot the size of a dinner plate on the front of her pants, but looked away before she noticed me staring.

We stood in silence again until her sister arrived a couple minutes later, and Danielle sheepishly stepped into the front seat. Her rear no longer had a bulge or evidence of the beginnings of her messing accident, though it showed a clear wet spot as well. I could imagine her white panties were quite messy, though, with her inability to wipe herself, and that thought drove me a little crazy with arousal.

Fortunately, I had calmed down by the time Ms. Cherry, Ms. Holly, and Ava had returned. Calm enough that I didn’t look guilty as Ms. Holly approached me. “The bathroom were locked inside so we’re going to drive Ava home instead of making her wait. Do you want a ride too?”

Despite Ms. Holly’s best attempt at a teacher voice, sitting on the curb meant I was eye level with her obvious cameltoe and had front row seats to her knees slightly buckling as she tried to suppress a wave of desperation. She failed slightly, as a one second spurt escaped her. It was extremely obvious from where I sat, because her tight leggings did almost nothing to soak it up. Her cameltoe glistened for a split second before the spurt escaped entirely, shooting through her leggings and spattering on the ground right in front of me. I pretended not to notice as I said, “A ride would be much appreciated, I don’t know when anyone can pick me up.”

Ms. Holly & Ms. Cherry led us to Ms. Cherry’s car, a four door sedan. We got in, Ms. Cherry in the driver’s seat, Ms. Holly in the front passenger’s seat, and myself & Ava in the back seats with myself behind Ms. Cherry and Ava behind Ms. Holly. We were soon on our way, with us headed to Ava’s house first.

I did my best to avoid drawing attention to myself, but I couldn’t help but keep Ms. Holly & Ava in my peripheral vision. Ava was openly holding herself with her legs crossed, her tall figure hunched over in her seat. Her right foot, swinging wildly as it crossed over her left leg, made her desperation clear for all to see. Ms. Holly wasn’t openly holding herself, but her legs were tightly crossed as well and I knew already she was on the brink of totally losing control. With the focus on holding themselves, we rode in silence for the bulk of the ride. I sat back and tried to surreptitiously enjoy the view, and about halfway to Ava’s house, the plot thickened.

A rather loud fart pierced the silence, and it came from directly on front of me. Ms. Cherry immediately squeaked, “Sorry!” and rolled down the window, though I could still smell that it was a rather pungent fart. Ava chimed in, “Don’t worry about it!” Then she released a fart herself, rolling down her window too. Ms. Holly & Ava glanced at me and mistook my fascination for consternation and began giggling as Ava apologized to me. I mumbled, “It’s fine, no worries,” but the two kept giggling at the bizarre situation and out of nervous embarrassment.

After a few seconds, though, Ms. Holly stopped giggling suddenly and thrust her hands in her crotch and I knew she must have leaked again. Ava, too, renewed her grip on her crotch, though I saw no evidence of her losing control yet. This limbo of desperation continued until we pulled up to Ava’s home. Ava almost yanked the door open before the car came to a full stop and hurriedly said, “Thankyousomuchbyeseeyouatgraduation” then practically jumped out of the car. Staring intently, I saw just the hint of a wet spot on her rear and a growing bulge appearing. She must have been turtleheading throughout the car ride and couldn’t hold it back without her ass pressed against the set.

The tight white sweatpants easily showed her pantylines, so a messy bulge had nowhere to hide as it grew while she hurried down the path to her front door. The white color began to show a faint brown stain as the growing bulge was joined by a dark wet patch growing down her legs, and Ava was still in the midst of an accident when she got her door open and got inside. At this point, too, Ms. Cherry started off driving to my house and I wasn’t sure if the two teachers saw Ava’s accident, though the imagery was as plain as day in my memory bank. Additionally, I tried to subtly swipe a feel of where Ava formerly sat and felt a tiniest hint of a wet patch, confirming what I saw.

We drove in silence, but the excitement of knowing two of my attractive teachers were losing it made the drive fly by. While I couldn’t see Ms. Cherry, I could hear her involuntarily fart a couple more times, and I could see directly at Ms. Holly’s lap from my angle diagonal to her. Ms. Holly was focused on staring ahead out the window, so I threw out all decorum and stared at her tightly clenched crotch, knowing it was damp against her pussy. I was rewarded by the sight, 5 minutes in, to a renewed glisten on her crotch as Ms. Holly hunched forward in desperation. This spurt was intense enough that I saw a momentary puddle form on her crotch before it seeped between her legs to under her ass.

This glistening spurt occurred one more time before we arrived at my house. I opened the car door, about to say my thanks for the ride, before Ms. Cherry asked me something I never dreamed of hearing. She said, “Is anyone home with you?”

I wasn’t sure her intentions but I said, “No, mom’s still at work. I don’t have any siblings.”

Ms. Cherry continued, “Okay, so this is super unprofessional… but can we come in to use your bathroom? I’m so sorry to ask.”

I was actually more than happy to continue the show, but I tried to stay calm. “Of course, no worries. I’ll unlock the door and wait for you to park.”

I was grateful for the time away as Ms. Cherry more formally parked the car on the street so I could adjust my boner, tucking it upwards against my boxer brief waistband. I tried to glance down and was satisfied it wasn’t visible before holding the door open for Ms. Holly & Ms. Cherry, who were now walking down the path from the sidewalk to my house’s main entrance.

Ms. Holly’s black leggings didn’t show too much but they glistened faintly around the crotch and thighs and I imagine the car seat beneath her must have been quite wet. Ms. Cherry’s blue pants didn’t show a leak yet, though when she passed me I could tell her ass remained tightly clenched as she held on for dear life. Ms. Holly’s tight black leggings left nothing to the imagination later, and I could see the smallest of bulges as she was turtleheading, her lack of underwear meaning the head of her turd pressed directly against the tight, stretchy material. I followed them in and directed them down the hall to the bathroom, where Ms. Holly hurried into as the glistening wet patch ran down her thighs and her bulge grew from a tiny bump to a couple inches to nearly a fist as she closed the door. We could hear hissing and tinkling as Ms. Holly peed, along with a loud splash as she must have emptied her messy leggings, followed by more splashes.

The audio must have been torture for Ms. Cherry, who now dropped all pretense and openly held herself as she fidgeted and waited. We could hear Ms. Holly finally switch to the toilet paper as she began the tedious work of cleaning herself up, but it was too late for Ms. Cherry. Standing in front of me, her blue khakis showed every step as she slowly lost control of her bowels, her ass slightly unclenching as a bulge began to form in the middle right between the visible left and right pantylines. 

Over 30 seconds, it grew from an initial bump to the size of a clementine before there was a pause.

Another 30 seconds, though, and it grew to the size of an orange as a wet spot also appeared down her thighs about two inches, though she managed to hold the rest of her bladder. With my own hands pressed against my crotch to try to hide my arousal, this proved overwhelming for me and I doubled over slightly as I came in my pants at the sight, forcing myself to stay silent so Ms. Cherry wouldn’t notice.

Soon after, Ms. Holly exited the bathroom and Ms. Cherry hurried in as we heard similar sounds as earlier, from the emptying of her panties to the peeing in the toilet bowl to the rustling of toilet paper. Ms. Holly’s black leggings didn’t really show much evidence of her partial accident, though she still blushed bright red at the sight of me. My hands still covered my crotch, making it look like I had to go too, but that meant my hands covered the now visible wet spot on my jeans from a different kind of accident. We waited in silence for Ms. Cherry to finish and come out, her blue khakis showing a clear wet spot on her crotch and from behind but now without a bulge, and the teachers thanked me profusely before I led them back to the front door.

Now without my hand on my crotch, Ms. Cherry noticed my wet spot, but I assume she thought I had begun to wet myself and was in no position to judge, so the two teachers departed without comment. I stared a little at their respective rear ends, remembering the sight of their respective bulges I just witnessed, before it hit me - Ms. Cherry didn’t have her distinctive visible pantylines! I shut and locked the door and went inside the bathroom. Inside the trash was a layer of toilet paper. I felt a little ashamed of my perversion, but at this point I had to know - I moved the toilet paper aside and was greeted by soiled white panties. I pulled them out and saw a clear yellowed wet patch on the front and a very obvious brown stain throughout the rear, visible both inside and out. I felt myself hard again, and I shut the door as I focused on taking care of my… needs… with a whole day’s worth of memories to fantasize about.

