Last Daughter of Krypton

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-06-22 23:27

So this story will replace New Gotham. I hope you enjoy it, most likely I will mess up alot of Super girl mythos but bear with me, for instance Kara will most likely not rise to her full powers in the course of this story. Also since Kara enters this planet speaking kryptonian everyone who speaks that language will have there lines surrounded by parentheses. I hope you enjoy this story and please leave feedback:)

The sky was dark and illuminated only by the stars and moon as it blanketed over the small city of Smallville, Kansas. Suddenly streaks of light lit up the sky and plummeted to earth, in what the town must have now considered cliche, meteorites began to impact the farmland as one particular streak of light hurtled into a field of corn. The impact of the silvery pod formed a crater and blasted a crop circle around the landing sight. Smoke billowed around the bizarre pod as the strange metallic meteor began to light up and flash as a slit formed on it and slowly expanded to a large doorway.

A young fifteen year old girl named Zor-el. She was tall for her age, at five seven, golden blonde hair that fell to her mid back, with streaks of dark brown naturally flowed through it. Her skin was flawless and had a fair tan, her legs were long and toned, leading a lengthy trail to her perky butt and a shaved tight slit between her legs before her body moved up to her slender waist line with the faint trace of a four-pack and the tiniest bulge from her full bladder. She owned large C-cupped breasts with pink nipples that hardened in the icy air. Her face was all but perfect, stunning blue eyes with a burst of gold surrounding her pupils, small, kissable lips surrounded by defined cheekbones and a small nose.

She spun around slowly, her dainty feet sliding over the exposed earth as she surveyed her surroundings. "(Kal-el? Where are you?)" She asked herself softly as she searched frantically for her baby cousin. "(Where am I?)" She asked as she struggled to remember what happened after she was placed in an escape pod the day before, nothing came to her mind, she had fallen unconscious soon after she entered the escape pod and her home planet exploded.

She felt herself begin to breathe heavily as she grew frightened, but over her breaths, she heard the fall of rain before it splashed against the ground. She gasped softly as the cold water shocked her for a moment. Zor-el began to tread from her circle and pushed through the corn stalks as she desperately began to search for her younger cousin. She frowned as she moved further from her ship and still couldn't find her younger cousin until she burst from the corn field and emerged near a street. She gazed down both directions of the asphalt road for a few minutes before cautiously stepping on the wet road. Deciding it was safe, she turned left and hugged her naked body as she searched for her cousins pod.

She walked for twenty minutes before noticing a strange sensation in her bladder, it was foreign and she couldn't place the urgency of the feeling so she continued to ignore it as she found herself as the outskirt of Smallville's mainstreet. She stood still as she watched people walk up and down, carrying umbrella's dressed in fashion vastly different from Kyrpton's. Strange markings made even stranger words as she tried to understand the writing atop stores. She felt so completely alien as she started to venture into the street. The one similarity she did notice that Earth and Krypton shared was, it was customary to wear clothing.

She blushed despite not understanding English, she understood the tone of disgust in some people's voices or lust in the tone of others, she even recognized the humorous laughter of young children, witnessing a beautiful young woman strutting through the streets nude. "(Kal-el?)" She whispered as she moved from the heavily populated area of the street, where a young police man caught sight of her.

"Excuse me ma'am, but I'm going to have to give you a ticket for public nudity and take you to your home for the night." He said putting an arm on her shoulder from behind.

Zor-el cried out as she turned around, shoving the man from her as she stumbled back, he flew fifty yards before slamming into the stone sidewalk. Fortunately no one saw her tremendous feat, only the police officer's collision with the ground. Frightened, both by the officer's confrontation and her own new found strength. She burst out into a sprint, passing by the officer as she became a blur of flesh as she reached the speed of sound and leaving the town behind. It wasn't long before she found her feet had lost ground and she was ascending upwards at a much slower pace as her body began to flip above the corn field, she passed half of the field and was at least a two hundred feet up in the air before she began to plummet towards the ground.

As she fell, a strong arm wrapped around her waist and stopped her fall as she found herself slowly descending towards the ground. She was set on the ground and turned to find herself looking at a tall young man in his early twenties, dressed in a flannel shirt and blue jeans. Though the first thing she noticed was the brilliant blue armor like suit he wore, which was partially covered with a red and yellow symbol of the house of el symbol upon it.

"Kal-el?)" She asked before he had a chance to speak. She quickly took in his figure, he was around six-feet tall, with dark hair and turquoise eyes, tanned skin and a friendly smile upon his handsome face. Her had a muscular build and looked so much like Jor-el.

"(How did you know that name, this language?)" He asked the beautiful young girl in front of him.

"(It's me... you're older cousin... Zor-el.)" She said, stunned.

"(That's not possible, Krypton was destroyed twenty one years ago. I saw the remnants myself. There is nothing left.)"

"(We escaped, It was destroyed yesterday. How can this be, how can you be so old. You were a baby!)"

"(This... you must have been in some sort of stasis... one which kept you from aging, probably resulting from some sort of kryptonite.)"

"(This is so impossible!)" Zor-el replied, but she trusted Kal with all her heart, despite him no longer being a child. She knew it was all true. There was no other possibility. She buried her face in his chest as she began to sob. Kal blushed.

"(We are on Earth now. We are the last surviving members of Krypton, the Earth's yellow sun gives us strange powers. On this planet you must learn to speak English, to fit in with their customs. To disguise yourself as a typical teenage girl. Tomorrow, I will bring you to someone who will be able to help with your English and inform you on earth's customs. Once you learn English, you shall refer to me as Clark Kent, an identity I was given from the time I landed here by my adoptive parents.)"

"(Parents.?)"

"(Martha and John Kent. They found my ship and took me in. I grew up under their supervision and they raised me with morals that have helped shaped me into the hero Earth recognizes me as now. They are who I consider my father and mother now... and John died when I was a teenager so I only have Ma now.)" Clark explained to her.

"(ok...)" She slowed her sobs as Clark put his flannel shirt around her naked body, buttoning it up. The shirt felt to her mid thigh, and covered her up well enough.

"(Let's get home and I'll give you some of my old clothes and tomorrow we will get you new clothes.)" He led her to the farmhouse in which he grew up in and called out. "Ma!"

Martha Kent all but ran to the door as she hugged her son tightly. "Clark! What a pleasant surprise! ..Who is this?" She asked referring to Zor-el.

"Ma, this is my Kryptonian cousin. Zor-el. Her ship has been caught somewhere for the past twenty years and crashed here today."

"Clark... how is this even possible?"

"I'm not sure ma, I'm taking her to Martian Man hunter tomorrow. Tonight I want her to stay with us, if that's alright." Clark asked her.

"Sure it's fine. I'm glad to have another kid in the house, especially one like you." She gushed as she greeted Zor-el.

"Ma... she doesn't understand English..."

"Oh, I'm so sorry." She muttered to no one in particular.

"It's fine. (My mom wants to welcome you here for the night. I'll take you up to the bathroom and you can shower, then we will give you new clothes.)" He told her.

Zor-el followed her now older cousin to the bathroom, where Clark explained to her how the shower worked. Then he left her alone. She gazed around the room in confusion. She didn't understand what the majority of the other things were in the room were. She only understood what the shower was, and what the towel was. Everything else she would need to ask Clark about later. She started the hot water and scrubbed herself clean before getting out and drying herself.

Clark knocked on the door from the other side.

"(Come in)" Zor-el answered. Clark strolled in and quickly looked away as Zor-el was still naked. Se quickly positioned the town so it was dangling in front of her nude body. "(Sorry.)" She muttered. Clark nodded as she set down a pile of clothes.

"(You'll have to go without underwear for the night. I'll get you some tomorrow.)" He blushed as he left.

Zor-el pulled on an old pair of Clark's jeans, and a maroon t-shirt that had a faded black s-shield printed on it. She then pulled on a brown belt to keep the jeans on and left the bathroom and Clark led her to his old room. She thanked him and sat on the bed. She glanced around the room, it was mostly bare, except an old television set, the bed and a few pictures of Clark when he was younger.

She sat on the bed until she felt a sharp prickle in her private parts. Never feeling the sensation before she gasped as she started down the stairs to consult Clark on the matter. As she entered the living room where Clark and his mother were talking in English she felt warmth run down her legs.

She glanced down to see dark stains streaking down the inner thighs of the jeans as she felt the wet warmth of urine pour down her legs and soak the left leg of the jeans as streams trickled off it and began to form a yellow puddle on the hard wood floor below her. She blushed brilliantly as she continued to wet herself in front of her cousin. (But I hadn't even need to pee...) She thought to herself.

"Oh dear!" Martha called as she tended to Zor-el, getting her a pair of old pajama pants and leading her to the bathroom again.

She cleaned her legs and crotch before she dried herself again and pulled on the pajama pants. Despite having slept for twenty one years, she fell asleep instantly.

She woke up the next day to Clark who laid articles of clothing next to her body. "(I purchased you underwear, but the rest of the clothes I borrowed from my friend Lana Lang, she seemed to have been the same size as you.)" He said. Zor-el smiled pleasantly as he left. She then pulled on the pair of matching pink panties and bra, that were a bit snug on her, then she slipped on tan jodhpurs, white socks and , doc martins, and a black t-shirt. She met Clark downstairs who was at the kitchen table eating from a plate of food. Martha silently directed her to a seat next to Clark and gave her a plate of food.

Zor-el stared at the odd food for a little while till she took a bite out of the bacon and instantly took a liking to it, as well as the pancakes on eggs. After she finished the breakfast Clark dressed in a one piece armor like suit of blue that had the s-shield, a red cape and red boots. He then gently picked up Zor-el and flew straight to his fortress of Solitude where they met Martian Man-hunter.

"Morning Clark." He greeted him.

"Morning John, this Is her. Can you... enlighten her?"

"Easily." He turned to Zor-el and stared intently into her eyes. She grew slightly as she felt a soft tug at the back of her mind when suddenly she fell into a complete and over-whelming daze. When she came to she glanced at Martian man-hunter.

"What was that?" She gasped as she realized she was speaking English.

"That was telepathy. You now know everything about this world that a typical fifteen year old earthling girl knows." Martian explained.

"And to learn more you are enrolling in Smallville High, under the name Kara... Ma would like to raise you." Clark informed her.

"That sounds great!" Kara exclaimed. She felt a little odd about taking on a new identity but shrugged it off.

Ok, so this is the first installment of the story, I hope you like it. I forgot to mention, though, since the yellow sun changes the biology of a Kryptonian, I assumed that Kara wouldn't have the same sensation she typically had on Krypton when she needed the bathroom;) Leave your critism, feedback and questions below:) Thank you for reading.

*002*2012-06-23 21:10

{{:

This is pretty good! I'm starting to take a deep liking to your stories!

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you like it:)

*003*2012-06-25 02:07

Hope you like this post. Please leave feedback:)

Kara was once again in Clark's Arms as they hurtled through the skies towards a secret entrance to the batcave. Within moments the two landed in a dark alley within the grimmer part of Gotham City.

"A little... " Kara tried to find a word to describe the place.

"I know, hold on." Clark placed his hand onto the spray painted word "Strange". Suddenly Clark ushered Kara forward as a section of the brick wall opened up, revealing a dark closet sized room. As they both stood with in the tiny room a computer voice came on over an intercom as the bricks settled back into place.

"Zeta portal recognizes Clark Kent, A.K.A. Superman, JLA member 0002. Does not recognize other specimen."

"Zeta portal, bypass code, Guess." Clark spoke clearly.

"Access granted." Suddenly a bright golden light blanketed the room and the next thing Kara knew she was in some massive cavern filled with metal catwalks and large advanced vehicles as well as several other amazing gadgets and displays. Clark led her forward till they were on a large platform on which a large computer sat, and in front of it was a dark haired man in an expensive suit.

"Bruce." Clark said simply.

"Who is your little guess, you deemed necessary to give a tour of the batcave to?" The man said gruffly.

"I'm his cousin." Kara smiled approaching Bruce.

"You're his what?" He asked turning around.

"She's my cousin Bruce. From Krypton.

Bruce was even more refined looking from the front. His hair was short and clean, his green eyes had a solemn feel to them, his face was serious, yet his cheeks had the faintest hint of laugh lines he had a muscular build, surpassing that of even Clark. He kept his gaze on Kara. "Krypton has been destroyed for twenty one years Clark, she's what? Thirteen?"

"Fifteen." Kara replied, a smile still on her face.

"So you expect me to believe you are from Krypton, despite it being impossible."

"J'onn J'onnz has clarified she is telling the truth. We think that she was in some sort of Kryptonite stasis, keeping her from aging until she landed on Earth along with the second shower of Kryptonite."

"That's the second time you mentioned Kyrptonite." Kara muttered. "What is it?"

"You see, like you, the yellow sun changed the molecular make-up of particles of your planet. The most common form of it, green Kryptonite, strips you of your powers, and is lethal."

"Oh." Kara muttered as she gazed at the computer. "So Clark said you could help me with forging documents so I can start school..."

"Also... Bruce if it's not to much to ask... I may need some financial help with raising her."

"What?" Bruce asked slightly amused.

"Well Martha will do the actual raising... however on a reporter's salary..."

"I understand." Bruce smirked. "I shall open a bank account in Martha's name tonight. For I suppose I can loan you a thousand for some new clothes for her, and lunch."

"Yes please!" Kara smiled, displeased with the horseback riding attire.

"What's wrong with what you are wearing now."

"I can assume that whoever you got the clothes from didn't pick out clothes for horseback riding." Bruce smirked.

"I didn't know, I just thought."

"I've been on the planet for a day Clark, and I still know more about fashion than you."

"Here take this." Bruce held out a debit card for Clark.

"Clark took the card graciously "You just carry cards pre-loaded with a thousand dollars?"

"Much more efficient than bills Clark." Bruce smiled.

"Thanks Bruce. I really appreciate it." Clark smiled as he led Kara back to a different Zeta portal.

"Clark, you may want to change into something more casual before you go shopping."

"Right." Clark frowned. Suddenly his suit became a black suit similar to Bruce's. "Bio-suit, developed by Wayne tech." Clark explained to Kara as they stepped onto a circular platform and they flashed into a phone booth in a different, more beautiful city.

"Wow, so bright compared to Gotham and the Batcave." Kara muttered stunned.

"This, is metropolis." Clark smiled. "I have to go handle business at the Daily Planet. Go find clothes you think will suit you and meet me here in an hour." Clark held out the Debit card for Kara who took it and hugged Clark before dashing off to shop for clothing.

Nearly an hour later she had two bags of clothes and even managed to change into a red spaghetti string mid-riff top, dark blue skinny jeans with a red belt around her waist and hot pink converse shoes. At the moment she finally realized she would need new underwear. As she was shifting through underwear she found a pair that made her smirk: white panties with several pink s-shields on it. (This one-> http://ts3.mm.bing.net/images/thumbnail.aspx?q=4778851791077798&id=d51adff80b3e29be37fffff524c224e9

) "House of El." She muttered, as she also noticed hot pink boy-shorts with a gold s-shield on it. Grabbing both, she also purchased several other panties and thongs in alternating crimson and cobalt. She then dashed off to find Clark who was where he said he would be.

"Hey Clark, check me out." Kara grinned, doing a quick spin on her toe of her right foot.

"Uhm, very nice." Clark muttered flustered at her clothing choice. He brushed it off though and took her out to lunch. Soon afterwards Clark took Kara out of sight and let his bio-suit reveal his Hero get-up. He gently picked up his cousin and the flew off back to Smallville at the speed of sound. They landed in front of Ma's house and Clark's suit retook the form of the Italian suit and they walked into the house.

"Ma, just wanted to drop by and tell you that Bruce sent forms to Smallville high."

"Oh perfect. I was heading to town anyway, I can get her registered for school right now."

"Perfect. I'll be in the field working."

"You don't have to do that Clark."

"It's fine Ma, I got it." He smiled as he head out to the fields.

"Come on Kara, drop your bags in your room and we will head over to the high school." Martha smiled. "Oh wait, you don't speak English..."

"Sure I do. One of Clark's friends used telepathy to help with my understanding of Earth."

"Friends? I think you mean Colleagues." Martha smirked as she led Kara to her red pick-up truck.

"Oh right." Kara blushed.

"It's ok, I've made that mistake a few more times than Clark would care to admit."

"Very nice." Kara giggled as they drove off towards the school.

"So you nervous about going to high school?"

"I suppose, I doubt it is anywhere near as intimidating as Kryptonian high schools." Kara smiled as she stared out the window.

"Oh really? What's it like there."

"stiff. Mostly emotionless there, we keep to ourselves, learn about advanced technologies, battle against machines whereas Earth high school would just have P.E."

"You seemed more advanced than Earth."

"In some ways." Kara said simply.

"What's that mean."

"Earth... is beautiful. Krypton is too... but when j'onn used telepathy... I learned how many Earthlings appreciate beauty, on Krypton we take that for granted. We are more advanced in the scientific and mathematical areas, but we could almost be considered illiterate. We are so cold... I mean some people like me, we let ourselves feel emotion, so did Clark's parents, but my own... it was no none sense. I wasn't suppose to have friends.... only... Colleagues."

"That's so..."

"I know." Kara said softly, tears burned at her eyes but she blinked them away and smiled. "But here, this place... it feels more like home than Krypton. At least to me."

"I'm glad you are happy here. Clark doesn't have any conscious memories of Krypton, only his father's voice, but there were still times he would sit up at night and stare at the stars, wondering what it really meant to be at home."

"That's awful."

"It was, then his father died. As traumatic as it was... it helped him realize, Earth is his home." Kara could only smile as they pulled up at the school. They both got out and Kara glanced over at the cafeteria where students were eating, a few looking their way, others ignoring the vehicle for more important matters.

"They seem so happy." Kara smiled, any nerves she had were instantly diminished.

Martha smiled as she led Kara to the office and filled out all the forms as the documents had already been faxed to the principal.

"Well she will be starting a few weeks short but she can start as soon as tomorrow."

"That's perfect." Martha grinned.

"Glad to hear it." He turned to Kara. "Stop by here tomorrow for your schedule."

"Will do." Kara grinned.

"Have a nice day." The principal smiled before turning to fill out other forms. The two left and headed to main street for groceries.

As they entered the store Martha turned to Kara. "What would you like for dinner sweetie?"

"I didn't really figure out what things taste like through telepathy, just basic images of the foods... I guess it's up to you."

"Meatloaf it is then." Martha smiled as she grabbed up all the ingredients purchased it and the two drove back to the house. "So have you... gotten any powers yet?"

"Sorta, the night I came her, I had super speed and strength, I could even fly, but I couldn't really control it."

"let's hope you don't have any super power freak out at school then." Martha smirked.

"J'onn said I should be fine as long as I don't excessively exert myself in any way."

"Obviously J'onn has never been to school." Martha chuckled.

"What's that mean." Kara asked as they pulled up to the house.

"Oh, you will see." She winked. "Well dinner won't be for a few hours so I suppose I'll leave you to your own devices Kara." Martha muttered as she headed towards the den.

Kara strolled to her room and began flicking through television channels until it came time for dinner.

Kara smiled as she filled her already empty stomach till the point of being full. "Thanks for the dinner Ma." She said, then blushed at the use of the word Ma.

"You're welcome sweetie. Clark will you help with the dishes?"

"My pleasure." Clark grinned as Kara head upstairs and began channel surfing once again till she felt herself drifting to sleep. She stripped to her underwear and passed out.

Hope you enjoyed this installment, please leave feedback:) Oh by the way, I haven't found specific people who fit the image of Clark or Kara, but I imagine Smallville as it is shown from the series of the same name: Smallville, I imagine Martha as her actor looks around the sixth season and later when Lex will be introduced I imagine him as his actor from the series as well. Just thought I'd mention that for boredom's sake.

*004*2012-06-26 00:46

Anyway this chapter contains messing, as always leave feedback please:)

A few minutes before Kara was supposed to wake up her body was levitating a foot above the mattress, her body squirming ever so slightly when a wet patch appeared around her crotch and spread across her butt. Streams of urine spilled below her and began to form a puddle as her body unconsciously floated as she slept. By the time her alarm clock went off the butt of her panties were fully saturated. The startle of waking up caused her to fall onto the bed, splashing the puddle slightly as the warm urine shocked her half naked body.

Kara shot up out of bed within an instant. Within the span of half a second she moved from her urine soaked mattress to standing next to the bed her eyes wide as the fixed onto the puddle slowly seeping into the mattress. No, no, no, no,no! Kara thought as tears brimmed along her eyes. She blinked them away and forced herself to think. I've got to find a way to fix this! I haven't wet the bed since I was thirteen! Gah! this is so terrible! Kara felt herself panic as she considered any possible solution for her dilemma. Nothing would work. Finally she just yanked off the sheets and blankets and wadded them into a wet ball before placing them on the floor as a small puddle was still seeping into the bed.

Kara grit her teeth and decided to take a shower, hoping to figure out some sort of solution as to how to cover up her accident. She ran the hot water and switched on the shower head and grabbed a pink loofah and squirted vanilla body wash into it before using it to scrub herself clean, quickly covering herself in suds before the water washed it off. Next she ran shampoo and conditioner through her hair before she emerged from the shower into a steamy bathroom.

She quickly pulled on a towel over her body and ambled out towards her room and grabbed out a set of clothes.

She pulled on her white panties with pink s-shields, then denim daisy dukes, pink converse and pale blue, no-shoe socks, and a red tube top. It was then that she noticed the sheets were missing and her mattress was dry, albeit stained yellow. Clark knocked on the door behind her. She turned around to face her cousin with a slight red tinge to her cheeks. "Hey Clark."

"I... Uh put your covers and sheets in the washer... uhm here, Bruce made you this." Clark held out a diamond stud for Kara. "it's a nose ring, the needle made from gold kryptonite, which renders us mortal and powerless... also it will create a disguise based on a one time shape-shift decision, so choose the form you want wisely."

"Why do you seem so flustered?" Kara asked as she took the stud and ran it around her palm.

"Uhm... customarily... Earthlings wear... bra's under their shirt." Clark stared at his feet.

"oh, OH!" Kara muttered. "I never got them..."

"It's ok we'll get them after school I guess, let's hope you manage today."

"Ok, so what do I do with this."

"put it in and create your design of your own secret identity of Kara Kent." Clark mumbled.

"Perfect." Kara slipped the stud in and a minute later her blonde hair darkened to brown as it filled with curls that fell to her mid back, her eyes shifted to emerald and was faintly brushed with pale blue mascara and thin eye liner, her lips darkened to cherry red, she lost around two or three inches in height and her breasts grew at least one cup size. Her fingernails were painted red and her hands became more smooth and her arm became slightly thinner.

"You lost height?" Clark questioned, not bothering to bring up her larger breasts.

"Yeah, I dunno, I don't look too short do I?"

"No not at all." Clark smiled.

"Good." Kara hugged her cousin before jogging downstairs to eat a quick breakfast consisting of scrambled eggs and two pieces of breakfast with a glass of orange juice. Afterwards she was given a tooth brush and toothpaste and she quickly cleaned her teeth before she grabbed one of Clark's old back packs and dashed out the door, just in time to catch her bus.

As she boarded the bus she took an empty seat and stared out the window as the large vehicle drove to the school. She felt a dull pain in her abdomen that she couldn't place so instead brushed it off as nerves and kept to herself until the bus finally pulled up to the school. Kara was one of the last out as she reluctantly made her way to the office, pulling out her stud just as she entered the door.

"Hello." Kara greeted the principal timidly.

"Awe, kara. Nice to see you. Unfortunately all the extra elective were taking so after lunch you will take an hour study hall, however you need to take a language or art, so which will it be?"

"I'm already bilingual so art."

"Art it is." Head to room 145 and Mr. Manigy will deal with you, as for the rest of your classes, consult this schedule." The principal handed Kara a list of her classes and she head off to room 145 like she was instructed, after replacing her disguise. She found herself in a large room with four long tables that could seat eight, four on each side.

"The principal said I should come here?" Kara mumbled awkwardly.

"Hello there miss...?"

"Kent, Kara Kent." She replied.

"You can sit next to Linda Lang, the red haired girl over there." He said pointing to a cute girl with dark maroon hair, that thought banked on the look as if it were dyed red, also had enough hint of orange it proved to be natural, she had small breasts but long legs and a nice butt. She was dressed in a pencil skirt and a navy blue blouse.

"Hey," She greeted Kara.

"Hi." Kara smiled as she sat next to her. (For the record Linda Lang isn't technic ally a real character from the DC Universe, nor will most of the students be, however Linda Lang is an alias of Supergirl at one point)

"Hey, I'm Jimmy." an orange haired wiry kid muttered. He had brown eyes and was dressed in jeans and a plain white t-shirt.

"Kara." She said smiling. Over the course of the class, Kara made fast friends with the two kids and as the class ended she and Jimmy walked to English as they both shared the class.

"So liking Kansas?" He asked awkwardly.

Kara shrugged. "It's nice." She smiled as they entered English class, where Kara received a large text book and found herself filling out repetitive lines, looking for mistakes in the sentences. Soon however she found herself leaving English for gym, where she would meet up with Linda. She quickly dressed in gym clothes Clark had packed for her, a red soffe and a grey tank top. Kara awkwardly slipped the tank top under her tube top before taking the red shirt off, then she slipped of her shorts and and was about to pull up her soffe when Linda caught her.

"Superman panties?" She smirked.

"Yeah, I guess."

"Guess you have a crush?"

"No!" Kara blurted honestly, but the blush on her cheeks inclined Linda too think differently.

"Sure... Personally I dig batman, but whatever."

"Yeah, he's pretty handsome." Kara reminisced about being in the batcave.

"His chin is at least." Linda giggled.

"yeah... he has a nice chin." Kara giggled even louder. Finally Linda dressed in grey volleyball shorts and a white tank top and the two jogged out to the track where the gym class was too jog around the track till the end of gym. Kara and Linda found the task feasible and conversed as they jogged around the field about several random things, including guys they found attractive. The only problem Kara faced was the growing pressure in her abdomen and the stabbing pain just below that, as well as the prickle in her urethra. She felt the sensation was familiar but couldn't place the feeling.

Soon Kara and Linda were stepping into the showers that were separated by stall like walls and they cleaned the sweat and filth from their body before Kara dried herself off and pulled on her street clothes before putting her gym clothes in her locker. She and Linda parted ways, vowing to sit together at lunch, before Kara entered her math class which she adjusted too quickly, the lessons were tedious compared to the ones on Krypton but she managed to gain the approval of the teacher. However half way into the class her urethra burned and her stomach was cramping as she doubled over in pain. She silently passed gas, but ignored it. She passed gas once more and her face turned red as she tried to continue working on her assignment, Another five minutes pass as she groped her stomach harshly wonder what was wrong with her stomach.

Then her bladder gave out. A loud hiss could be heard as hot pee burst from her panties and soaked her denim shorts, pooling around her butt as it filled the area of the chair before it quickly began to cascade over the side. She gasped and her face was as red as Linda's hair.

"Kara! What's wrong?"

"I.. uh..."

A faint crackle reached her ears as she felt solid waste forcing itself into her panties. She sat up rigidly.

"Hurry to the nurse's office." The teacher muttered, her face full of pity. The students on the other hand were either snickering or wrinkling their faces in disgust. Kara rushed from her seat as urine continued to run down her legs as she felt the feces still trying to slip out. She ran through the doors just as it plopped into her panties. Kara felt tears brim at her eyes as she tried to rush forward, the urine continued to leave a trail behind her as she made her way through the hall. A rude noise came from her butt as a load of feces filled her shorts, the warm slimy waste beginning to settle below her groin.

She pulled out her stud, trying to hide her shame under a different identity, her real one. The flow of urine began to slow, but still more scat splattered into her shorts, a bulge was visible but more frightening too Kara was the fact that feces began to slip through her leg holes. Another loud passing of gas resounded as her panties filled further and feces began to fall through her leg holes. Kara reached down, trying to stop the mess, but the vile mass slipped through her finger tips, leaving a trail of brown ooze ran down her legs and stained her fingers as a turd fell to the ground below Kara.

Kara continued on until she felt herself shudder as a trumpet of gas filled the air and more scat forced it's way into her shorts, before oozing down her leg holes and falling along her legs and splatter to the floor beneath her. She stood still as her butt felt sore as feces continued pushing out, causing the shorts to bulge widely as the scat darkened her shorts slightly and she was stuck standing still, trying to keep the full load of waste within her pant.

The bell rang and Kara's heart hammered as students filled the halls and instantly began either gagging or laughing at the tall, beautiful blonde girl stuck standing still with a small amount of waste on the ground below her, dark glistening wet patches on her shorts as well as a faint brown skid-mark and a large bulge. Finally gravity took over and Kara could only stand there as feces slithered down her legs, leaving a slimy trail before it plopped to the ground. Soon a large pile of scat was between her slightly spread legs and a small bulge still remained on her shorts. She took of in a run, sobbing loudly. This can't be happening, this can't! She was a wreck as she trudged into the nurse's office.

"Oh dear... there is a shower in the bathroom, get clean and give me your clothes and I'll give you new ones for the rest of the day." Kara nodded and made her way into a small shower stall and washed the foul trail of feces from her legs and buttcheeks. The water that ran down the drain was dark brown and slowly transited to clear. Finally content that she was clean Kara got out and placed her dirty clothes in a bag.

"I'm finished." Kara called out.

The nurse handed Kara a towel and a change of clothes through the door. Kara quickly dried off and then pulled on white panties and grey sweatpants she had to roll up along the ankles and waist to get it too fit right. She thanked the nurse and talked her way out of a doctors visit before heading off to lunch. She slipped her nose ring in before picking up her backpack and begrudgingly taking a seat at Linda's table that consisted of her, Jimmy and a freshman football player named Zach West.

"Looks like the future girl of steel doesn't have a bladder of steel." Linda teased lightly. "At least you weren't that one blonde girl who crapped herself in the hall."

Kara blushed and remained silent the rest of lunch, turning down her friends attempts at conversation. She finished her math homework in her study hall and suffered teasing through biology and the bus ride home before she dashed up to her room and cried into her pillow.

*006*2012-06-26 16:06

{{:

As a huge Smallville Fan i can safely say this is brilliant.....i havent read it all yet cos im at work and i dont want to get too excited ;) when i get home i will read it all and let you know what i think :D x

}}

Thank you very much:D Smallville was a major inspiration for this fanfic:)

*009*2012-06-27 18:38

{{:

Poor Kara :c

Loved this story by the way

}}

Thank you so much and I know how you feel, I pity Kara:P

{{:

I love this!!

Can't wait for the new chapter!

}}

Thanks, the next chapter will probably posted after the next chapter in victorious, glad you like it.

*012*2012-06-28 18:38

{{:

Yes, yes, YES. More please. I'm enjoying it, not one for messing, but I can bare it.

}}

I'm glad you like it:)

*013*2012-06-29 01:08

Glad you guys enjoy the story, I have lots of fun ideas for it later in;) Anyway enjoy:)

Clark knocked lightly on Kara's open door, awkwardly waiting in the doorway. "Go away!" Kara shouted as she sobbed harder.

"Kara... I heard what happened..." Clark mumbled. "I picked up your clothes from school and they're in the washer now."

"I said go away." Kara said harshly. Clark ignored her and turned her over so she was facing him.

"As much as I'd like to bail on my moody cousin, we need to go to Metropolis to buy bras... something else I'd like to bail on." Clark got a smirk out of Kara but she tried to force it away. "Look I use to have accidents when I was your age too."

"What?" Kara asked surprised.

"Whenever I came in contact with kryptonite... I wouldn't be able to control my bladder." Clark admitted softly. Kara was speechless at the revelation. "But, let's just head over to metropolis, here take this." He said holding out a necklace that had a golden s-shield pendant. "Tell it to open in kryptonian."

Kara obliged and the tiny gold pendant opened up a tiny compartment that seemed to be lined with led. "You can store your nose ring in their and the gold kryptonite won't affect you." Clark concluded.

"Thanks.' Kara smiled as she slipped her nose ring off, and placed it in the compartment, her body changing to her real self.

"Now, go change and we'll head over to metropolis."

"Why metropolis?" Kara asked.

"Dailey Planet." Clark muttered.

"Of course." Kara grinned as she shooed Clark out so she could slip on a black skirt on before meeting Clark on the porch. "Ready?"

"Grab on." Clark said and Kara gripped him tightly as they lurched into the air and flew at the speed of sound towards Metropolis. Kara soon found herself landing in an alley in Metropolis. "Follow me with superspeed, we will find a new alley and switch to our secret identity once I'm sure no one will notice us coming from an alley, superman just landed in."

"I can't use super speed though." Kara complained and stared at her feet.

"Sure you can, speed and strength comes almost naturally. Just try to tap into your powers."

"Clark!" Kara called angrily, but he was already dashing off to a different alley. Kara sighed and pushed herself to her limit as she ran, and found Clark was right. She became a blur and caught up to Clark within an instant before the two moved faster than the eye could follow and slowed to a halt in an alley closer to a clothing store.

"(open.)" Kara spoke to her locket and slipped out a nose ring and placed it onto her nose and she became Kara Kent again. Clark's superman suit became a black Italian suit and he slipped his glasses on.

"How come your secret identity only consists of glasses?" Kara questioned.

"They are special kryptonian glasses, they affect earthlings telepathically. Makes them scatterbrained when they look at my face, can't associate it with superman, Bruce has a similar technology in your nose ring, but too a lesser extent, that's why it mostly relies on shape-shifting."

"Amazing." Kara grinned as the entered a busy street. "So I will go to the store and meet you here in twenty?"

"Deal." Clark muttered, he then jogged up to the daily planet and Kara head over to the nearest shop and bought several sets of bras before purchasing them with Bruce's debit card. She left with two bags when she bumped into a tall, well dressed, handsome bald man. She dropped her clothes and fell onto her butt.

"I'm so sorry." Kara muttered as she scooped bras back into her bag and her ears burned red.

"Quite alright miss?"

"Kent, Kara Kent."

"Hello miss Kent." The stranger extended his hand out. "Lex Luthor." He said as Kara shook it. "Any chance you are related to Clark?"

"You know my cousin?"

"We were distant friends a few years ago."

"Well nice to meet you." Kara grinned.

"Like wise, well I will be off then." Lex strolled off and Kara went to go find Clark, who wasn't yet there.

"Guess, he's still busy." Kara muttered. "Better pay him a visit." She grinned and entered the building topped with a golden globe. She met with a secretary who informed her Clark was on the sixth floor. "Thanks." Kara grinned and dashed up to find her older cousin. She entered an elevator and rode up to the floor and dashed out to find Clark speaking to a tall, dark haired woman, who had curves in all the right spots and a seductive tone to her voice.

"Clark?" Kara asked.

"Oh sorry! I lost track of time. Lois, this is Kara, Kara, Lois. I have to go Lois, good-bye." Clark kissed her on the cheek.

The two cousins entered the elevator.

"Is that your girlfriend?"

"Hush. Yes it is." Clark mumbled.

"Is that where you have been disappearing to every time we come here?"

"I happen to work here."

"but you are on vacation, are you not?"

"Hush." Clark said again. Kara grinned as they made their way into an alley, took off their disguises and took to the skies. They made it in time for dinner which they both ate hungrily and then Kara went up for bed. She slipped into a red soffe and long light blue t-shirt before falling asleep on her bed. An hour after Kara slipped into unconsciousness a trickle of urine soaked through her crotch and seeped through her soffe, before slowly spreading into the fabric. A dark stain began to cover her butt as she shifted slightly. A puddle began to form beneath her and once again soak the sheets.

Meanwhile Kara dreamed of Krypton. She was at the brilliant fire falls where flames cascaded into a river of lava, she stood atop a catwalk and the heat of the falls seemed to focus on her butt and lower back and thighs. She even felt wet, she brushed it off as excessive sweating and gazed out into the falls as the warmth and moisture spread down the back of the legs. She lost herself in the majestic beauty as her blue tights grew dark and wet. The image shifted as the wetness became cold and she was in a science facility where she awoke on the surface of a gene-matcher. Her mother, Alura, was furious as Kara grew aware of the fact she had wet herself.

"(Not only do you fall asleep at such an important event, but you also defile the machine?)"

"(The pee wasn't my fault!)" Kara cried in distress as her face became crimson and her ears burned.

"(non-sense! you just want to get out of this!)"

"(Of course I do! I don't want some machine to pick my prince charming! You and Dad found each other on your accord.)"

"(Circumstance like that are rare and should not be sought after!)"

"(I'm an adult I should make my own decisions!)"

"(You're a child who just wet her pants!)"

Kara woke up as her alarm blared in her ear and she woke up to the feeling of cold urine. She grit her teeth and whispered Clark's name.

"You called?"

"Yeah..." She pointed at her bed in shame."

"I got it." Clark frowned and used vortex breath to dry the urine, before grabbing up the sheets and blankets and leaving to clean them. Kara hung her head as she left to go take a shower.

Hope you liked it, leave feedback below:)

*015*2012-06-29 03:38

{{:

Great writer!! I don't know how you do it but you come up with another great chapter in another story (vastly different than victorious) great job!

}}

Thank you so much! It really means a lot:) My process basically consists of staying up late at night and thinking up what I'd like to read, apparently it works. Thanks again:)

*016*2012-07-01 01:00

So I just thought I'd warn you that this chapter will not contain any wetting or messing. It's still mostly important if your are following this for the story though:) So I just thought I'd offer the opportunity for people to suggest guest appearances from other heroes and heroines in future chapter. I can't guarantee when they will be in there, but once I learn enough about them they will make an appearance, also if you want them to have an accident just mention that as well:)

Kara forced more urine into the toilet just in case and found herself containing more urine than she expected, especially since she didn't feel the slightest urge, not that she had her entire time on earth. She brushed it off and washed her hands before cleaning herself off in the shower and heading downstairs to eat a quick breakfast of eggs before dashing upstairs to brush her teeth and change into hot pink boy shorts with a golden s-shield, and a black bra, royal blue skinny pants, a crimson t-shirt, and her hot pink converse shoes before grabbing up her back pack and running outside to wait for her bus. She leaned against the wooden fence with her arms crossed as she felt her nerves tingling in her stomach.

Clark suddenly appeared at her side in a blur causing Kara to jump to the side, startled. "Hey, sorry just forgot to give you this." He held out a sleek smartphone to her. "Courtesy of Bruce... by the way, might want to slip in your nose ring." Clark grinned as Kara examined her phone, absently putting her stud into her nose and shifting to her alias. Clark dashed off as the bus loomed in the distance, blowing up a cloud of dust and dirt behind it as it screeched to a stop in front of Kara.

Kara frowned as she forced herself to enter the bus. As she made her way further into the bus she felt worse, as the students whispered, badly, about her accident yesterday. She grit her teeth as she found and empty seat at the end of the bus and wished that Linda or Jimmy rode her bus. She stared out the window sadly as the vehicle made its way to the high school.

She exited the bus to the sound of more whispering but managed to break from the cruel crowd and find her friends. She made her way to Linda, Zach and Jimmy ecitedly as they waited outside the school before the bell would ring as the building opened. "Hey guys." Kara grinned as she stood next to Linda who was dressed in a black micro skirt, blue blouse and black peep-toe high heels which showed off her perfectly pedicured feet and the gold nail polish on her big toes.

"Hey." Zach grinned. he wore his red and gold Smallville high football jersey, blue jeans and Nike tennis shoes. "We didn't really get to talk much yesterday." He said offering her his hand.

Kara blushed softly and accepted it. "Yeah, I kinda was in a bad mood." Kara looked at her feet as she spoke.

"Because you wet yourself?" Jimmy blurted out before turning red in the face. "At least you weren't that blonde girl who pooped herself." He tried to cover for himself. "Geeze... I'm sorry." Jimmy muttered as he awkwardly rubbing the back of his neck and frowning.

"It's ok." Kara murmured as her face practically glowed red. "At least I'm not the blonde girl." She agreed with a lie.

"Jimmy isn't great with girls, but he is pretty sweet once he gets comfortable enough." Zach patted his friend on the back of his plaid shirt.

"Thanks." Jimmy made a half heated smirk as he slipped his hands into the pockets of his jeans and entered the school with the ringing of the bell. Kara frowned at his sorrow and dashed up to catch up with him.

"Hey, its ok!" She smiled and ruffled his orange hair. "Cheer up bud." She smiled softly.

"I just.. I dunno, say things with out thinking." He frowned.

"Congratulations. You're a teenage!" Kara cried out. "We all make mistakes, sometimes talking to much, sometimes holding our bladder for far too long." She forced a gleeful tone to her voice as she said the last few words.

"Thanks." Jimmy smirked as Linda caught up with the two as they made their way to art. "So are you adjusting well to this school?" He asked lamely.

"You're asking the girl who pissed herself yesterday." She smirked as they entered the art room.

"Oh geeze I'm sorry." He blushed.

"Relax! You need to calm down." She grinned as they took a seat at the tables and began the assignment for the day. Kara frowned as she messed up on sketches of her lion. She took a deep breath and re imagined it, she quickly began to think of the beauty of the fire falls and the majestic power the lion possessed as she combined the two, creating a beautiful and unique lion of fire. The rest of her school day ran uneventful as she found herself in the middle of dodge ball match dressed in her gym uniform as Linda stood to her immediate right as red rubber balls hurled past her head. She slipped to the left and grabbed a ball from the ground and throwing the ball against some boys thigh.

She grinned as the boy scowled and made his way to the "out-zone".

"Great throw." Linda complimented Kara as she ducked as a red ball flew just above her red hair.

"Thanks, nice dodge." Kara smirked as she leaped just out of the a ball intended for the boy in front of her.

"You too." Linda smirked as she continued on with the game. By the end of gym Their team won four out of five games and Kara had only gotten out twice and Linda three times. Kara all but went through the motions as she progressed through the rest of her classes albeit lunch.

"So Kara, the freshman cheerleading squad is having try-outs today after school, I think you should go." Zach grinned.

"Looks like someone wants to see her in a short skirt jumping up and down and doing flips."

Zach grinned. "Maybe I do. But some kids from the football team were talking about how flexible and so-on you were during dodgeball."

Kara blushed. "Linda was just as good."

"No I'm not. Besides I already made the team during summer try-outs."

"Oh." Kara smiled.

"Yeah, but I think you would make a great cheerleader." Jimmy said as his face turned scarlet.

"Thanks, I guess I'll give it a try." Kara smiled softly at the encouragement of her friends.

"Great." I can't wait!" Linda practically squealed.

At the end of the school day the two friends made their way to the football field, dressed in their gym uniforms, where a group of girls sat cross legged in front of three girls dressed gold and red midriff top and pleated mini-skirt, the center one with black hair had red and yellow pom-poms in her hands.

"Ok, so we only have room for six more girls so each of you will get a chance to try out, but at the end of the day only six of you will get forms for your parents." Kara watched as some girls excelled at the slick maneuvers while others were more clumsy. when it came her turn she perfect a few cartwheels followed by a back hand spring and then a full back flip and stuck the landing. Linda managed a series of back flips that led into the splits. At the end of the try-outs, Kara, Linda and four other girls ended up with forms as Kara realized she hadn't called Clark or Martha to let them know she was going to be late.

As soon as she was sure the coast was clear she slipped her nose stud into her pendant and sped off to her house at the speed of sound. She arrived at the porch to an irritable Clark.

"Where were you?" He asked sternly.

"I made... the cheerleading squad."

"You should have called." Clark grumbled.

"I'm sorry." She stared at her feet.

"Just call next time. I gave you a cell phone for christ sakes!"

"Technically Bruce gave it to me... I'm sorry." She apologized again.

"It's fine, take the form to Ma." Kara nodded as she obliged and Martha happily signed the form before Kara headed up to her room.

"It's friday. Don't you have any plans?" Martha asked Kara from the door way.

"Not really." Kara sighed as she flicked off her television.

"Well did you have any hobbies on Krypton that could translate well to Earth?"

"Well... I was a master seamstress on Krypton, especially behind. I designed a few of my own outfits." Kara smiled. "I mean it would take a while but... well it was worth it."

"Perfect, I have several available fabrics in the attic." Martha grinned. "You are free to use them." Martha grinned and left Kara to her own devices. Kara grinned and headed up to the attic to find a coffee table perfect for sewing on and began to brainstorm ideas. She found herself thinking of Clark's bio-suit and her own clothing back on krypton and Earth's current fashion when and idea struck.

She slipped out her nose ring and gathered up several fabrics and began to utilize super speed to save time, though not much as she spent three hours sewing a white bralette with the house of el design on it, and blue hot pants. (Suddenly I can't find the exact uniform I'm thinking of, but it's similar to this one, but without sleeves all togehter and hot pants of the same color insteand of the skirt. http://ts3.mm.bing.net/images/thumbnail.aspx?q=5062555882357530&id=603875e9f67949faf9aab0202fee2f23

)

She examined the suit with a grin when she heard a knock on the door. She called out to Clark and Martha that she had it, before super speeding to the front door and answering it. She smiled as she found Linda at the door.

"Hey, are you Kara's sister or..?" Linda asked and Kara's eyes went wide. She leaped back into the shadows.

"Yeah... I'm, uh Claire. I'll get my sister." She ran upstairs and once she was out of sight slipped in her nose ring before heading back down stairs.

"Hey." Linda smiled.

"You and your sister wear the same clothes often?"

"Not really... uh how did you get here?"

"Lana was good friends with Clark, so I know where he lived. Figured you'd be here too... your sister isn't a people person is she?"

"Not really." Kara grinned.

"She's really pretty though, better not introduce her to your boyfriends or you might have some competition." Linda smirked.

"What are you saying?" Kara teased.

"Well you are beautiful too... I'm just saying guys are jerks."

"Thanks." Kara smirked. "so what's up?"

"I was just wondering if you wanted to go out to the talon for some coffee with me and Jimmy... and Zach." Linda smirked as she said the last name and Kara blushed.

"Thanks... I'll go check."

"Don't think we aren't talking about your little crush on the way there!" Linda called to Kara who ran back to ask Martha permission to go.

More to come in the upcoming week, hope you enjoy it. Leave feedback, suggestions and criticism below:)

*018*2012-07-01 03:44

{{:

For a chapter with a lil peeing scene, it was still good. Sometimes, a constant pee scenes can get boring. Once every now and then, a chapter like this, is good.

Good job. Btw

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you enjoyed it:)

*020*2012-07-01 17:40

{{:

Is there any chance of some fear messing/wetting in this story?? it's an excellent story by the way

}}

I'm considering fear wetting and messing:) I'm glad you like it:)

*022*2012-07-02 20:52

{{:

Heyy, im new and this story caught my eye and i love it please continue :)

}}

Thank you! I will definitely continue it:D

*024*2012-07-03 01:26

{{:

Stays very true to the series in aspects referring to both comic and smallville TV series (which is not always mutually exclusive). Well thought out with cross culture content and the translation mechanic. It's also nice to see a fanfic that gets the names and terms unique to the series right.

Well written and innovative use of the series characters.

}}

Thank you very much! I'm glad you appreciate my story:) It honestly does mean a lot.

