Natasha's (Black Widow) Mission

Author: cleverpun

*000*2016-07-13 00:40

Hey guys, I wrote this story in about half an hour so it may be a little rough. I've always loved stories about the Black Widow, and I decided I wanted to work on my writing so I figured I'd whip something up. Let me know what you think or if you have other ideas for stories/this story! Contains messing.

Natasha Romanov had woken up that morning feeling rather queasy. The sensation was nothing new to her; she often woke up bathed in sweat, haunted by nightmares. Thankfully, last night had left her untouched by those terrors. This sense of nausea was a bit more mundane. Natasha grimaced as her stomach gurgled ominously. Yet, as it halted without fanfare, she decided it was about time to get up…

“BRPPPP”

Her fart cut through the utter silence of her bedroom as Natasha’s other cheeks reddened. Her time training as an assassin left her with exquisite control over her body and taught her to be ashamed of its weaknesses. This sudden lapse would have earned her scorn from her old masters.

Natasha Romanov, also known as the “Black Widow”, had found it hard to shed her past entirely. She knew that her physical appearance did not betray much about it. Her body was lithe yet curvy, with large hips, breasts, and – most importantly – a shapely toned ass that was the result of countless training. The only hint of her occupation could be found in her deceptively firm and dexterous limbs, whose power lay dormant beneath her silky skin. As she wriggled into her skintight black suit, which allowed for the full range of movement of her muscles, she paused to look at her face in the mirror. With full, pouty lips and a waterfall of curly red hair, she thought she looked more like a member of the former Russian aristocracy than a deadly killer-turned-superhero.

“BRRRRRAAAPPP”

Her body shamefully passing more gas, relieving a bit of the nausea claiming her stomach and throat, ruined that particular reverie. The Black Widow blushed even more. It was unbecoming of any lady, let alone a lady in full control of her body, to make these types of noises. It did help her stomach settle a little though. She frowned as she wondered whether her intestinal trouble might stem from the dinner that she had shared with the other Avengers.

Though she might look like a supermodel, she could match the rest of the team eating and drinking. The memories of last night were a little hazy. She recalled getting into a contest with Steve to determine which of them could put down the most roast pork in honor of their successful mission to Amerstdam. She had shocked the rest of the team by putting down what Tony estimated to be a half pig’s worth, washed down with several glasses of wine. It was not like her to unwind so freely, yet there had been no major sign of trouble in the past few months. Natasha was unaccustomed to the doldrums of low-level missions with very little danger.

Even still, she reflected, it was better to always remain vigilant. Ever since she had renounced her maiden country to come work for SHIELD, there was rarely a dull moment. If there was one thing she could count on, it was certainly that this peace was only temporary.

Her thoughts were confirmed moments later by the look on the Vision’s face as he phased through her wall. The Vision, though immensely powerful, still had a middling grasp on basic social cues. “It’s a good thing I got dressed when I did,” she dryly told her teammate. Vision ignored her jibe.

“Natasha, a report has come in from SHIELD. Several Malay villagers reported to their government that they had spotted an unidentified green humanoid in the jungles close to the coast. It is imperative that we ascertain the identity of this figure.”

Widow felt her heart-rate skyrocket as blood started rushing into her ears. Her tummy troubles were temporarily forgotten as the full weight of the news sank in. “Bruce? ”

“Possibly. At any rate, this retrieval is time-sensitive. Come with me to the Quinjet.” At the Vision’s words, Natasha remembered her earlier intestinal distress. The cartwheels her stomach was doing were certainly not improved by the Vision’s information. She had been planning on spending the morning making gratuitous use of the heavy-duty plumbing facilities that Stark’s buildings were equipped in. She bit her lip slightly. Regardless of her personal needs, Bruce might be out there. And if word had reached SHIELD, it could have reached more unsavory actors. Widow wasn’t going to waste precious minutes so she could make potty like an undisciplined child. With resolve, she headed for the door. Vision, following suit, paused for a second to wrinkle his nose.

“I should check the integrity of the air vents upon my return. Judging from the odor of your room, I fear there might have been ambient contamination.”

Natasha’s heart dropped right there. She had grown used to her own smell. Granted, her current gas was quite pungent, a mixture of greasy half-digested pork and red wine. Still, Vision’s alien appearance and approach to human interaction did not preclude a sense of smell. “Um…thanks Vision. And thanks for using the door this time.”

As she sipped her water bottle on the Quinjet, trying to quiet the buzzing in her head from last night, her stomach made queer gurgling noises. Natasha grimaced. “Not again,” she thought, as her stomach refused to be calm. No matter how hard she clinched her sphincter, small farts had been escaping her derriere. Theoretically, she could use the bathroom on the jet. However, she knew from experience that the vehicle was built for speed and not privacy. Its thin walls would betray her in a humiliating fashion.

A few months ago, a fidgety Scarlet Witch made use of it on hour three of a five-hour flight. The resulting acoustics were as loud as an orchestra to the rest of the jets inhabitants. Widow remembered Witch’s sigh as what sounded like a waterfall escaped her legs, with an ending heralded by a loud airy fart. Wanda emerged from the bathroom positively blushing, and wouldn’t speak to anyone for nearly a week. If peeing sounded that loud, Widow was sure that the storm brewing in her bowels would be as good as broadcast on a loudspeaker to all of her friends. She’d rather die before letting Tony use that as ammunition.

So far, they hadn’t attracted attention from her teammates. Tony was piloting the jet, which seemed to consist of flicking the autopilot switch and making bawdy jokes. Steve sat in the co-pilot seat, no doubt attempting to drum up contingencies, but seemed to be growing steadily more annoyed by the ceaseless stream of jokes, jibes, and self-important claims coming from Iron Man. Black Widow sat in the back with Vision and Scarlet Witch, who seemed to be too busy making googly eyes at each other to notice her predicament.

Speaking of, her buns let loose another small stream of gas as Black Widow quickly took another sip of water to avoid displaying the relief on her face. “That one was a bit longer,” she thought to herself, as a cloying aroma reached her nose. Her gas stank worse than it had this morning, if that were even possible. Widow put her water bottle down to cough as its meaty stench filled her nostrils.

The cough attracted Scarlet Witch’s attention, if only for a brief moment, before she stole a glance at Vision again and went back to her private reverie. Widow felt a small pang of jealousy, not for the Vision, but for the budding romance between the two. She had felt that way once for Bruce; but he had left her along with humanity. Natasha wanted nothing more than to find him again. Grimacing, she steeled her resolve, vowing to bring Bruce back to her.

The oppressive heat and humidity of the Malaysian jungles did nothing to help Natasha’s growing headache. Worse still, her stomach had disliked the change in climate. Beads of sweat dripped down her forehead as Natasha gratefully took another sip of water from the bottle she kept by her side. As she did, a small tingle hit her lower abdomen, reminding her of another urge she had been neglecting since this morning. “Great,” she thought to herself, “my body has to get rid of two types of waste.” This entire affair was pushing the limits of her body. The jungles were rich with vines and trees, disguising all possible danger and making Natasha weary of each step.

Combined with her desire to see Bruce and fear that something might happen to him, it was taking all of her resolve to not soil herself on the spot. One of the benefits of her past was that she had trained her body to hold in waste for a long period of time. Her organization did not like the idea of a spy being compromised by toilet troubles. Still, her overripe dinner was knocking at her plush back door, and she had not made water since last night. Training could only do so much for her body, at some point she felt she might simply burst.

BRPPPPPPPPP!

She let cut a fart so loud she swore she heard small animal life fleeing. The only upside of her situation now was that her teammates were not cramped up next to her like on the Quinjet. The officials they had talked to had shown them the area where Bruce may have been spotted. Tony and Vision was flying over the jungles thick trees, trying to search for life, while Steve and Wanda were each cutting their own path in order to find Hulk as soon as possible. Widow was alone in the jungle, allowing her to relieve herself in small doses. She didn’t dare make the outdoors her toilet though. Between the immediacy the mission required and her fear that the jungle was concealing much worse terrors, the best she could do was let off some gas and occasionally clutch her womanhood to try to stem the tide of her other need. Glancing around, Widow steeled her sphincter for another burst of wind,

BRPPPTTTT!

Black Widow turned white. That last fart had ended a bit wetter than the previous ones. Worse, she swore she felt the tip of a log begin to poke at her behind, insistent on its escape. Her thighs trembled from the effort of containing it all. She felt sweat cover her entire body, with a little more concentrated dampness in her private parts. “Shit,” she thought. It felt like a little urine had leaked out of her during the last fart. There was no patch yet, but Widow was certain that her practical white underwear would be the color of daisies if she didn’t wrap this mission up soon.

The next twenty minutes didn’t help her predicament at all. Urine had begun to gradually leak out of her despite her thighs being clenched tight enough to open a walnut, leaving a dime sized wet spot right over her auburn-haired lips. At this point, her underwear felt more and more like a sauna, and she certainly couldn’t fool herself into thinking it was all sweat. A rotten odor stuck to her body as she farted consistently every half minute. Her control over her body had begun to erode. Widow realized that finding Bruce without making a toilet out of her skintight suit would be impossible. She just had to relieve herself. Her old masters had warned her time and time again to never let her guard down like she was about to do. But she wasn’t theirs any more. If she came back to the Quinjet smelling like an outhouse and stained brown and yellow, she knew that her teammates would be ruthless.

She sprinted over to a large tree, fidgeting and potty dancing as her body sensed it was close to relief. As she struggled to set free the zipper that kept her suit together, she failed to pay attention to the rustling in the bushes. Finally, she had gotten the zipper loose, and it was halfway down her body…

All of a sudden, ten large men burst out of the bushes. Widow looked up startled as the men pointed their weapons at her. The shock of it all finally released her pent-up bowels and bladder. Widow was mortified as the tip of the load that had been pressed between her sightly ass was rapidly ejected into her underpants, coiling against her buttocks. Its warmth was magnified by a second and third piece, each feeling like hot clay against her. Surprisingly, the logs were solid. Yet they were massive, and their oily stench quickly filled her nostrils as her suit sagged out to contain her shame. Her bladder betrayed her in turn, as rivulets ran down the side of her thighs before pooling at her feet. The inside of her legs and her ass was completely soaked. Widow, mortified, dropped to her knees, splashing in the puddle of her own creation as the men threatening her looked on puzzled. Only one of them, their leader, laughed as he stepped forward.

“You dumb bitch, I always knew you were a scared little girl, but I never thought I’d actually make you crap your pants.”

Widow looked up with tears in her eyes. She didn’t feel like the capable spy who went on missions with Captain America and Iron Man. She felt like a child who had had an accident. Natasha didn’t struggle as Rumlow, the leader of these armed men, gestured for two of them to pick her up and cuff her. As her new guards wrinkled their nose at her smell and gingerly avoided her puddle, she thought only of her humiliation and despaired of ever seeing Bruce again.

