Rainy Day [Omorashi/Scat Commission Story]

Author: Guest Harpy

*000*2021-04-08 23:08

The forest around her was sunny, which was a stark contrast to how it actually looked, beautiful tendrils of long leaves surrounded her, pastel pink petals flowering down the vines occasionally. Flowering in a way that no plant she had ever seen actually could, petals gently spinning in a wind that wasn’t there. The trees themselves were massive, all of them were casting shade, shafts of light shining between the canopy branches. The ground felt damp underneath her boots, but didn’t soak her shoes as she continued down the path, her leather shoes leaving a trail of her footprints behind her, the ground soft enough to leave the prints like breadcrumbs.

“Hello? Anyone there?” No response, but Alliah wasn’t scared, why would she be? She felt in complete control, hands in her jacket’s pockets, shoulders loose, she kept moving. The atmosphere around her felt comforting, like a heated blanket, even as the water rose. The ground’s water level seemed to be gaining the more she moved forward? How odd...Alliah knew for a fact she wasn’t getting wet, instead her clothes just seemed to float with her as she looked around, like she was a piece of seaweed. Leaves floating like seaweed as the water got warmer and warmer, and to her it was the most normal thing in the world to happen.

“This is pretty sick...Joseph? Jojo?” Alliah thought for sure he had been with her just a moment before, but it was possible she was wrong, he did get lost more often than not. All she could focus on was the warmth, the way the water swirled around her, her body shivering from how good it felt...How good the heat felt against her skin.

Was it just the water? Or was she the one who was heating up? In her dream everything felt lovely, calm, nothing really surprised her...Perhaps it was a fever? Something she hadn’t been expecting really? Alliah’s hands which had been playing with the seaweed waving in the currents of what was now the ocean, moved down. Pushing her sleep shirt up to feel her stomach, drawing a whimper from her as she felt a sudden odd...pressure? Blinking a bit she squirmed, the pressure wasn’t in her chest, nowhere concerning, instead it was...Lower? Lower and warm, impossibly warm! Alliah bit her lip, bending over just a bit her arms wrapping around herself, what was this pressure, building up incredible heat in her body? Tingling on the inside of her thighs and making her tremble like she was cold, despite the comforting warmth she had been surrounded by just moments ago.

“W-What the...hell? Joseph?! Are you there?! What’s going on!” Alliah wasn’t sure what was going on, pressing her knees together she took a breath, unable to keep her hips from wiggling. Whimpering softly as it hit her like a truck, she had to pee! When did she have to pee so bad? She needed to wake up, get the urge out, but her body didn’t know how to wake up, too focused on the pressure. The urge was more intense than anything else she had felt inside this dream. How long had she been holding it in this Ocean!? Looking around she didn’t spot any bathrooms, even if there was one would it matter? She was underwater anyway wasn’t she? If she was this desperate...She could just...Let it go right?

“No one...is around I’m sure it’s...f...fine just this once! One time!”

Joseph was flushed pink, embarrassed that his girlfriend had been...whimpering, whining, even keening in her sleep as he pulled on his shirt, fluffy dark hair he hadn’t tamed for the day yet framing his face, her soft ginger locks spread out over the pillow as she kicked off the blanket, her hips burrowing into the bed...Then he saw it, the shorts she wore, tight on her thighs, dark grey in color started….to darken.

“A-Alliah!!” His cheeks grew even more colored, watching her shorts cling to her crotch, the shorts unable to carry the weight slipping down just a bit as the fabric tried to hold the liquid, a small stream of her shame leaking down her thigh, before her body shuddered, the girl jerking awake, a hand slipping down to feel her freshly wet thigh.

“J-Jojo? Joseph?” Alliah moved to rub a hand to her face as she sat up, looking at her other hand in confusion before she froze, eyes going wide to look at him, going pink as her boyfriend moved to open his mouth.

“I...you pissed the bed, you totally pissed the bed!! I...didn’t I tell you not to have like six monsters before you passed out~ That’s so embarrassing~” He laughed, moving to pull on his coat and come closer, pulling the blanket from over her leg so he could get a better look, smirking softly as he watched her cheeks get pinker.

“Joseph! It’s...not like that they’re called accidents for a reason! Jeez...” Pushing her legs together, Alliah couldn’t wipe the blush off her cheeks, hating the way her face felt warm like the sun. Moving to her knees, she shivered at the excess wetness of her pajama pants leaking down her leg, sprinkling onto the sheets below her.

“Oh~? An accident for the little baby? Aweee how cute~!” Joseph couldn't help it, teasing her was so easy, and how many times had she teased him for something embarrassing he had done? Alliah wasn’t having it though, reaching her hand up, Joseph raised a brow, moving closer, expecting a morning kiss or a playful pap to the cheek for his transgressions.

“Joseph~ Why don’t you come here a second?” Joseph of course knew it was a trap, but leaned forward regardless, her hand wrapping around his wrist, suddenly...the world went sideways. He yelped, his voice breaking as his back hit her wet spot on the bed, making his cheeks blush a fuming crimson as she swung on top of him, her wet sleep shorts pressing into his once-dry jeans.

“A-Alliah!! You can’t just...your...y-your still all wet! You’re going to stain my...my...pants!!” Alliah didn’t seem to car, instead her hands pressed into his stomach, as she smirked.

“Oh~? You don’t want wet pants? You don’t want to be all helpless?”

“I-I don’t want to!! Be pinned and get wet from your...your p-piss!” Alliah smirked, loving the way he stuttered his embarrassing little voice cracks, and chuckled, moving her rapidly cooling hips against his, a part of her...liked this? Liked how he squirmed, one of her hands, stranger than his noodle arms, gathered his wrists pushing them into the pillow above his head, her messy hair framing her face as she looked down at his helpless form.

“You don’t want to be wet with my piss, how about your own, if it’s so embarrassing~?” She couldn’t help but chuckle, she was much stronger than him, she had gotten herself a golden retriever gamer boy, and she worked out every single day, there was no way he was moving until she let him. Joseph flushed pink, embarrassed as he wiggled though his heart wasn’t in it anymore, embarrassed by the twitch in his pants when she rubbed against him.

“Alliah...I...it...I have to go to work...My coffee is going to get cold!” Alliah clearly didn’t care, leaning over him, she moved her hips enjoying the twitch in his jeans at her wetness, did he like this too? For some reason that sent a thrill of warmth up her spine.

Alliah smirked, her other hand moving to the hem of his shirt, she started to push it up, her boyfriend wiggling underneath her with a little whimper, embarrassed that his body was betraying the fact that he liked this, liked her grinding against him...berating him, though what was she doing now?

“Come on Alliah I’ve already had too much espresso I should go to work, I’ll come back, and make it up to you- Ngh~!” Joseph couldn’t help the soft noise as her fingers trailed down his stomach, playing with his happy trail as she pressed her fingers into his stomach. Joseph gave her a look, eyes going wide as he wiggled, he was...really ticklish and she knew this, making it hard for him to lay still underneath her.

“Alliah come on!! I need to go...don-don’t! Mnm~” That didn’t mean he didn’t like the feeling of her fingers so close to the spot that already was excited at the promise of attention..Though his body was more concerned with the amount of liquid he had taken in, his happy trail right above his bladder he could feel the pressure building...It didn’t help she was pressing into it.

“No, I think you’ll be late...For more reason than one, you should have thought about that before you dared to make fun of your loving girlfriend Jojo~”

Joseph wanted to say something, to protest but instead he felt her fingers move faster underneath his ribs, making his back arch with a yelp, his body twisting to try and get away from those fingers, tickling all the weak points she knew about...her secret weapon against him.

“W-Wait! N-Nopleasewait!” He couldn’t help it, he started laughing, his hips bucking against hers, he could feel her purr, expecting her to stop when he yelped that he gave in, he was sorry! Though she didn’t, she didn’t stop tickling him, what was she planning to do to him?!

Her voice was a sweet tinkling of laughter that he usually loved so much. Joseph whimpered his throat closing up, having trouble speaking anything, the words he tried to make weren’t even words. His vision blurred, his girlfriend’s face melting into colors, tears gathering on the edge of his eyes as he couldn’t control the twist and turns of his body. His chest jerked against her fingers, wrist twisting against her hands.

“Now now~ That’s no way to act, someone deserves a punishment for making fun of me~ I could stop...Or you could wet yourself, shamelessly, how much coffee did you say you had again? Two...three cups? All down here?” Alliah’s fingers moved down his belly, from underneath his ribs to over his bulging bladder.

“Ngh~! Ha! Wait! W-Wait Alliah! Please I can’t these are my only work pants I-” Alliah smirked, not seeming to care as her fingers gently moved to tickle over the bump that proved where his bladder was.

Joseph couldn’t help but wiggle against her hips, his breath clouding in front of him, or at least it felt like it, his glasses fogging from his own breath, crooked on his face as he tried to ignore the building warmth, the pressure on his bladder that made his knees shake. Words were a pipe dream at this point.

His breath was nothing but gasps, body writhing as the warmth pushed down his body, gathering under her fingertips. The warmth was all he could focus on, barely registering the fact that his fingers were limp trembling with the body that couldn’t take it anymore.

The warmth was unbearable, his bladder felt like it was on fire filled too full with caffeine that made the muscles eager to loosen up and let that liquid ruin his clothes, soak into the already ruined sheets. His shaking knees weakly pressed together, a soft whimpery, needy-moan leaving his lips, he only registered after the fact it was him, struggling far too hard to keep it in.

“Awe what a good boy, trying to get free from good behavior? Embarrassing...” Alliah couldn’t help herself, he was helpless, whimpering, trying so hard to keep himself from wetting like a little kid, he was so cute. Pressing her hips against his, she brushed herself against the bulge in his pants, loving the way it drew a whimper from him, a small dot of wetness appearing on his inner thigh.

“AlliahreallyIcan’t!” Her lips moved to brush against his lower jaw, loving the way she could feel the twitch again in his pants, hear his heartbeat pick up. The urge to wet was the only thing keeping his boner down, she loved it, teasing him, he wasn’t in control at all.

“Did I ask if you could? You’re not leaving till those pants are wet, we both know it’s only a matter of time, piss pants, little piss baby~”

Joseph’s bladder didn’t make it, the teasing, the soft whisper in his ear, the pressing, tickling, his body could only take so much, and it passed that threshold so long ago, he was surprised he managed to hold it till now.

Whimpers, needy moans, keens all melted from his mouth as she watched him pee, his warmth gathering on his inner thigh, little streaks from the wet spot in the cloth, topaz in collar ran down his inner thigh to re-soak the sheets that had been nearly dry from Alliah’s own accident. His bladder deflated under her fingers, and instead of tickles, it was now simply soft soothing circles that she rubbed into the sore skin from being so stretched out, so needy.

“There’s my good boy, doesn’t it feel good, being a weak little pisser, can’t even hold it with less than a few minutes of tickling?” Alliah made sure her breath danced over his ear as his knees jerked apart. A squirt of the pee he tried to keep back wetting her shorts, it dripping off her pants, Alliah realized that wasn’t the only thing dripping, her own breath turning to hot pants.

She pressed her hips to his, moving against him Joseph meeting her eyes when they finally peaked open, the liquid from his bladder soaking into the back of his pants, his legs shaking from the pure effort of it.

“Alliah please g-get off I love you...I w-want it...but I need to g-go to the...Idon’twant...t-to mess...messmyself! Please!” Alliah paused, feeling her own thighs warm from what she wanted, instead she pressed him into the bed, her fingers moving up his stomach, making him struggle, wheezing laughs, marred with voice cracks coming from him again as he begged, his voice weak and hoarse.

“B-Babe, please I can’t, I...Shit! Please!” His body wasn’t done embarrassing him, he had failed to mention the breakfast he had made, how he didn’t even leave her any being as hungry as he was, and now it was coming back to bite him in the ass.

The pressure on the front half of him was gone, replaced with a dull sore throbbing, that made the pressure on his back half even worse, his back struggling against the warm puddle, his clothes ruined, clinging to him. His breath was short gasps now, a mismatch to the earlier deep breaths.

The pressure released, he didn’t even get a chance to really hold it back before the mess spread across his pants, soaking into the back of his boxers. It was so much more...liquid than he had thought it would be, was it the fact it hadn’t had time? Was it the way he was shaking, helpless to stop himself from messing? His pants were ruined, barely able to hold the liquid he excreted soaking into the cloth, into his skin, smearing across his pale skin, making him feel so dirty, so unclean.

The smell of his mess spreading between them. His legs weren’t listening to him, Joseph’s pants were sticking to him, the mess itself leaking down the back of his pants. The way he was positioned made his mess start to leak up his back, making him tremble, those involuntary tears in his eyes slipping down his cheek, his cheeks flushed pink, he was so embarrassed...He was never going to live this down, how was Alliah ever going to look at him again? His eyes peaked open, wanting to see her face, wanting to see if she could even look at him without disgust in her eyes.

Alliah’s eyes were meeting his hazel ones, a starving wolf look across her features, her fingers moved up to his cheeks, finger tips moving to his jawline she tilted his face towards her. Leaning down she pressed her lips to his, her hips against his, she moved against him, Joseph embarrassed of the half erection he was getting while she rubbed on him.

“Shh baby you did so good...god...you did so good, you’re so fucking...hot, helpless, needy little thing~” Alliah, loved feeling him semi-hard, a mess against the comforter, knowing he’d never make it to work, not with the shower he’d need to have.

“I couldn’t...h-help it babe, I...jesus...” He returned the kiss, eyes sparkling, her thumbs gently wiped off the tears that leaked down his cheeks. Nodding to him as she layered him in kisses, knowing they were fucking sooner...rather than later.

“It’s okay Joseph, you’re so...so fucking cute, I loved that...Stay home from work and I’ll make all that pain go away, you’re so hot like this.” Alliah purred, pressing into his front, she loved the cold feeling of her wet pants pressing against his lukewarm spot on his pants, his pants getting tight, he whimpered.

“I...c-could call in sick, y-you...you don’t think I’m gross?” Alliah nodded, purring as she moved to kiss him again, pressing him further into his mess, knowing it would spread across his pants, soaking into his pants even more. Her tongue breaking past his lips, hand brushing down his front to cup him, her fingers gently moving against the wet bulge of his pants. His pants were so tight, returning the kiss he whimpered, hard in her hands, helpless as she kept his hands pinned down, the rain outside drowning out the sounds of the morning activities...Joseph wound up not making it to work that day.

*002*2021-05-03 17:49

{{2 hours ago, pboy said:

Very hot. Was the request for physical domination from a rare female attracted to / aroused by male weakness and helplessness over incontinence? The double incontinence makes it a unique and interesting variation. You have an enjoyable writing style and seem to have a depth of understanding of the genre beyond your years.

A few very minor edits: the two instances of "your" in Joseph's protest after she pulled him on the bed should be "you're", "collar," as he began to pee, should be "color," and the two later instances of "peaked" should be "peeked." It's sad we have to check our spell checkers; they can change our meaning and make us look illiterate.

}}

Sadly I can't go back and edit it, as the editing option goes away after it being posted for a while from what I have seen, and it has been bothering me, but thank you so much for the compliment! I love male omorashi, as well as female omo and you're spot on for the request. It was a fun experience writing it! Right now I am writing a much longer one based on my own fantasies, that I am excited to share!

