An Interview with Miss Danger (in the right forum this time)

Author: Fal

*000*2020-08-23 10:38

Preface: I want to get better at writing so I want all of your constructive criticism, even if it's something minor like a comma in the wrong place, or annoying formatting. Be as harsh as you want. I'm pretty bad at proof reading.

“Alright people! Ladies, gentlemen, and anyone i’ve missed,” screams a small, messy looking pasty man in John Lennon glasses into a radio mike, patched together with duct tape and sticks. “I don’t care whether you’re listening from your radio, your tv, your computer or your fucking smart fridge. This is old mate Tug Boat,” He sits in his messy studio surrounded by the budget versions of every piece of radio equipment, on his three year old $50 dollar office chair. “We don’t have the mic quality of the big stations, but Sheela and I have all the big hits, and that was Spirit of Radio by Rush.”

His co host, Torres Strait woman, with an amazing hairdo barely held back by her headset cut in, from the other side of the clunky FM equipment on an old desk propped up by calculus textbooks. “And this is ya girl Sheels, and we have a very special guest for you tonight on Mystic 106.6,” She said, casting her eyes past the old studio equipment, and past the slowly degrading posters from prog rock concerts from the 80s, from before she, or Tug Boat, were even alive, to their guest. “Would you like to introduce yourself? Or should we take the honour” She said.

The guest nodded, with a smile, “I kinda want to hear what you guys will say.” she said, sitting on the old ottoman the hosts dragged in from the foyer for her.

Sheels and Tug Boat chucked, and shot each other nasty glances. “Oh man!” Tug began, “Sitting with us now is the woman of power, the booby brain lady,”

Sheels and the guest chuckled nervously,

“Member of The Victory Vixens, caster of Goddamn MIND BULLETS, the telekinetic titties, Miss Danger!”

“Thank you for that, strange, strange introduction Tug, I don’t know whether to laugh or be offended.” Miss Danger said. “I should not be surprised though, I listened to your interview with Minister Geel, and the one with Dominique… the one with that rep from the Sex Party, and every other time you’ve embarassed yourself, ” she trailed off.

“I love a guest who does their research!” Sheels said. “So, before we really get into it, are there any topics you don’t want us to delve into? And are there any things you want to bring up before we…”

“Plug those depths!” Tug Boat cut in. “bring the conversation down to the sewers! Pretend to do investigative journalism,”

“So,” Sheels said, “um. Start the conversation I was going to say.”

“Sorry,” Tug Said, “I just got excited, I have so many questions, so many things I badly want to cover, and we don’t have that much time with you, do we?”

Miss Danger took a deep breath leaned in to the mic, like she was the announcer in Chicago. “I guess, for all your listeners who live under rocks. I’m a super powered individual with telekinetic and psychic powers, I’m a core member of The Victory Vixens. I normally fight to protect the people of New Sydney, and do all I can to help Australia, and sometimes the greater world”

“Did you practice that beforehand? Do you have that written down.” Tug asked.

“I need it for like, school and workplace tours, and all the generic PR stuff I end up doing”

“Wait, wait wait,” Sheels said, gesticulating frantically, trying not to laugh. Tug started laughing. “In your costume?” Sheels continued. “Like, at schools, in your costume? At schools? The Costume you’re wearing now?”

Tug muted his mic and threw his head back laughing. It was a futile effort though, as the other mics in the studio picked it up.

Sheels leaned in to her mic, put on a serious face, and calmly said. “For those listening at home, Tug just died, like, really dead. Like, I need you to stand facing the sunrise and play last post, died... He’ll be back in five, he needs to calm down.” She shot a sideways glance at Miss Danger, and let out a deep and windy sigh, “Yeah people, just like when we had The Legendary Hobo on.” She rolled her eyes. Miss, now seeing this strange radio dynamic play out in person suddenly put a few of the puzzle pieces.

Tug clumsily stood up and stumbled out the recording studio knocking equipment and wires, as he shoved his fist in his mouth to stop the noise. He slammed the door behind him.

“So I guess we start with the costume, then, Sheels.” Miss Danger said, nervously as she, more so than any of the other core Vixens, is a controversial figure, not for any material reason, or so Miss Danger thinks, it’s purely the pearl clutching wine mums, priests of this and that, who can’t handle seeing a bit of skin here and there… and there…. And there....

Tug’s laugh in the distance managed to overpower the sound proofing, and still picked up on the un-muted mics.

Through the studio window Miss Danger saw a few tears appear at the edges of Tug’s eyes.

“Now, because this is radio, and some people, who live under rocks, or in the past, or in other dimensions, or in their own world, or whatever the fuck else.... Or may be literally dead, may not have seen your costume, I’m gonna try my best to describe it.”

Miss Danger smiled, “definitely better than Tug trying to. I think we both know what he’d spend his time talking about.” gesturing towards her chest.

Tug still stood outside the studio, hand jammed in mouth, convulsing with laughter and going red.

“Well,” Sheels said nervously. “They are like… right there.” A few seconds of awkward pause hung in the air. “Anyway, for those out in radio land, Miss Danger is in her costume right now, and if you haven’t seen it before, it’s like a white, one piece swimsuit. But it’s backless, sideless, with a neckline that goes almost all… all the way down. It’s got some arm bands, some epaulettes and a cute Hussar cape. So, Miss Danger. It’s a very extreme costume, compared to the rest of The Vixens, especially compared to Misha’s body armour and heavy shields.”

“Well,” Miss Danger began, “Misha can’t fly or use psychic shielding. I need something lightweight to be able to fly properly, and if I have a psychic shield…” Miss Danger trailed off, and then paused and furrowed her brow for a moment.” casting her eyes around the studio, thinking about how truthful she wanted to be, she knows that anything she says on radio here will be listened to by possibly tens of listeners, maybe even dozens, to say nothing of on demand listening later down the line. What she says here, may indeed impact public perception of her, and may in fact reflect on The Victory Vixens on the whole.

“Honey, you ok over there?” Sheels said, brows furrowing.

“Yeah, I just had to do a big think for a moment.” Miss Danger said with a sharp smile, returning with a renewed confidence and vigor. “Honestly, the main reason, and in the spirit of you and Tug’s Show, I’m going to be blunt, and right to the point, and reach my arm right in to the sewer. (and by the way, I have a more conservative version of the costume when I’m at schools.) is I want to look, and feel sexy,”

Tug burst back into the room and powered over to his decrepit mic and chair. “And girl, it fucking works.”

“look good to feel good, healthy body begets healthy mind,” Miss continued

“Aww,” Sheels sighed, “ and I thought we were going to have a civil discussion about something for once.” she sent a wry look at Tug.

“That’s our bitch queen of the radio waves, being her normal self.” Tug responded.

“Thanks Tug, really value your input.” Sheels winked. “Now I realised we didn’t do the proper intro. This show’s already off the rails, everything is already a nightmare, As often happens when Tug talks to normal humans. Are there any topics you don’t want us to talk about?”

Miss Danger sat back on the old ottoman. “Look, I’m a long time listener, I know the kinds of things you bring up. I know the ACCC has issues with you. So let me say this. I’m not gonna talk political opinion, and I’m not gonna talk about that sort of stuff, but I’ll happily talk about the time I pooped myself on a date, the time I got trapped in Ouze, and other faux pas, also, how I came up with my costume.” she conceded: “ since we’re already on that topic.”

Tug’s smile spread from ear to ear, and was threatening to leave his face entirely. “Oh, this is going to be perfect. This is exactly what I was after,” Miss wasn’t looking, but she was pretty sure that the degenerate radio host was standing to attention in his ancient cargo shorts.

“Oh! That’s another reason why I chose this costume.” Miss Danger said, gesturing to her crotch.

Sheels clicked a few buttons on her laptop and signalled something to Tug. Tug nodded.

Tug started giggling like a bigger than normal idiot, adjusting his glasses “easy access for a cheeky post fight fuck?”

“Mate, do I need to send you to the naughty corner?” Sheels said, angrily, sending the glare of the century in his direction, he just responded with a bit of a laugh.

“Well, as a human being, I sometimes gotta pee. Sometimes I gotta pee real bad. Sometimes in a lull in a mission I gotta find a quiet rooftop and pop a super squat. I have the easiest costume in The Vixens to pee in.”

“Fairo, girl.” Sheels said. “Those moments can be tough for us girls.”

Tug leaned in to his mic, the smile still there, looking more sinister if anything. The women shot glances at each other, Miss; questioning, Sheels; apologetic. Tug began, “Do you, or any of The Vixens, ever like,” the smile went from sinister to curious. Legitimate concern flashed across Sheels’ face. Tug Finished, “not make it?”

Concern changed to fear, Sheels butted in. “That’s right listeners, quality Mystic 106.6 content right here, talking about adult women having pee emergencies, and we’ll be right back after our guest’s first song. Wanna set this up hun?”

“An old favourite from before I became powered, an old boyfriend got me on to; Steve Miller Band’s Fly Like an Eagle.”

Sheels mashed enter and leaned back in her chair letting out a deep and meaningful sigh. “Fuck me. This is why we got a superhero on the show, to talk about whether she makes it to the toilet on time.”

Miss Danger got a wry smile across her face. “I mean, this is cutting edge journalism.”

“Fucking fuck me, for fuck’s sake” Sheels said, Miss Danger had no idea one of her favourite radio hosts had such a potty mouth. Sheels sank deeper into the budget office chair. Soon it’d be threatening to swallow her whole, like an Officeworks Kraken.

“I mean, Have you heard of any other journalists who have talked about this topic?” Miss Danger said, “you two are the lead on this topic, breaking new journalistic ground.”

“Ain’t it fucking exciting Queen Sheila?” Tug broke in, “we have an exclusive with booby brain lady about the normal lives of our great heroes. Humanising, and closing the gap between us and them. Showing the world how our inspirations are just like us, and suffer the same indignities as us, that there’s more to our heroes than costumes and otherworldly powers.”

“Oh god I’m trapped in a room with two of them.” Sheels sank deeper into the Officeworks Kraken. “But, I guess that is a good point. Or maybe I’m just going insane. Booby…. Sorry, he’s rubbing off on me, Miss Danger, are you ok with this topic?”

“Entirely. I knew what I was getting into when I came on this show. Do I have some stories for you. I appreciate your concern though, hun. Also, I think it’s a shame that the one time your boy Tug said something smart it was off air.”

The three shared a good laugh. Sheels seemed to regain some life and win the fight against the Officeworks Kraken. “Ok people, we’re back on in thirty seconds. I’ll introduce the story, Tug asks the question again,” She glared at him, “more sensibly this time, and then it’s all on you Miss Danger.” her compatriots of the radio room both nodded.

As the last few bars of the Steve Miller song faded out, Sheels mimed a five second countdown on her fingers. “Welcome back to Mystic, listeners to our tell all talk with Miss Danger. Sorry for the abrupt song break but Tug and I needed to confer with Miss Danger privately. Anyway, where we left off was a question from our esteemed Tug Boat, wanna set this up?”

Tug ran his fingers through his hair, adjusted his glasses, made a big dramatic show of clearing his throat, and began. “Something I’ve always thought about, and I’m sure a number of our listeners think about as well, is ‘do our heroes ever have to deal with normal human shit?’ do you ever get parking tickets, burn your steaks, suffer breakups, or have embarrassing moments, like, say, pee-pee moments.”

Sheels shot a shocked glance at Tug.

Miss Danger started with a bit of a chuckle, as a nervous flutter entered her stomach, and she felt something lower down as well. “I’m here to tell your listeners that, yes on all counts, I’ve had bad break ups, got parking tickets, burned my food, and tying it back to before the song, peed my pants.” she began again, with nervous laughter. “In fact, that last one happens to me a lot more than it should, for a woman of my age. Like, I risk it whenever I laugh, get too drunk, and a few other situations. In fact, the stresses of the superhero life make it happen more than it used to.”

Tug looked enthralled.

“In fact, let me tell you the story from my first mission with the Vixens, and first mission in the costume. This wasn’t long after my powers had awakened, about two years back I would have been about 23. It was the battle of Sydney. Dominique, the lady with supernatural accuracy and I had been assigned to run defence on the harbour area while the main team drew the enemy force away from the city. Dominique sat perched on the Opera House, keeping an eye for any more of these aquatic bastards to turn up, I spent most of my time flying around the streets and the park area. Dommie and I idly chatted about a bunch of things, from Vixen life, to how our friends were doing, to my costume and her lack of costume.” Miss stuttered, “not to say she was nude, to say that she just wore normal ADF combat gear, as she was sort of our military attache.

Anyway, so I flew over to Pinchgut Island, that little island in the harbour with the old timey fort turned pizza joint on it, and there was one of the bastards hiding. I notified Dommie, in fact, I think my exact words were, ‘we got an armoured fucker in the historic site hun!’ He was a big one, covered in rocks, chunks of boat, and coral. He’d been there for a while, as he was no longer dripping. I got his attention by telekenetic-ing a few chairs at him. He didn’t like that, and being a newbie, I didn’t notice his armament. He shot back. With some kind of thrown together shitcannon. Rapidly. Most shots bounced off the shield. One got me in the arm. I got flustered and worried, and I flew to hide on the other side of the building, the one on the Opera House side. I think my thought process was something like fuckfuckfuckfuck, i’m gonna die, i’m gonna die, fuckfuckfuckfuck.”

Sheels said, “a fair enough feeling.”

“ When I came back to my senses I heard a pitter-patter on the ground, I looked around to see where it was coming from, and then I looked down, and I saw it. The crotch of my costume was going bright yellow, a stream of fear was gushing from it, and a puddle of shame was forming around my feet. I glanced over to the opera house to see if Dommy had noticed my humiliation. If she did, she didn’t say anything. This was the worst day of my life, first mission with The Vixens and i’ve already showed them I’m a little pissy pants.” Miss Danger chuckled. “I wanted to wait at least until the post mission celebration to show them that.”

Tug and Sheela laughed.

“But I didn’t know this at the time, but it was about to get a whole, whole lot worse. While I was too focussed on peeing myself, the armoured bastard closed around the corner and opened fire again. This time the loud crack of firing shook me to my core, I flew away, fear still dripping from my yellowed crotch, and running down my thighs. I landed on the roof. Dommie kindly, and calmly asked me to try and make a hole in the armour, as she now had the beast in sight. By this point I was a real sight. Face bright red, tears in my eyes, pee stained costume, pee stained legs, and about to cry. But I mustered my last strength, and fueled by fear, I went airborne again, flew towards the big fucker, screaming in a combination of fear, rage, and humiliation.

Using my left hand I grabbed for the fucker’s gun, and with the right, I tried to rip his helmet off. This must have looked funny to an outsider, I was a good ten meters away using telekinesis for both of these things. It took most of this second wind, but I got the helmet off, and the second I did, two bullets went into his head. Perfect. Dead centre. He fell over listless, dead. I felt a huge wave of relief, the worst experience of my life was over. I floated to the ground, still bright red, still on the verge of full on bawling. I landed, but my legs weren’t going to take my weight. I collapsed. There was a squish when I landed.”

“You don’t mean?” Sheels said, emphatically.

Tug just laughed. He looked like he was loving life right now.

“A jolt of fear ran up my spine as I found the energy to stand again. Then I smelt it. Shaking and quaking, I felt the back of my costume. There it was, between my ass-cheeks, a big, solid, pile of evidence that I’m a terrified little mouse with telekinetic powers. My worst day got even worse. At that point, I just gave up, went in to foetal position on the ground and gave in to the fear. I began bawling my eyes out, made my costume even more yellow and brown. I must have passed out or something, because the next thing I remember is the rest of The Vixens helping me to my feet, and back to our base on Goat Island. So, listeners, remember, no matter how bad your first day on a new job was, mine was worse.

“Thank you so much for sharing that story with us honey,” Sheels said, “That must have been hard to do. How did the rest of The Vixens take it?”

“They were mostly really supportive, a few of them even shared their own similar stories. Though,” Miss Danger said with an embarrassed chuckle, “not one of them was as bad as mine. Not one of them involved crying your eyes out in a stew of piss AND shit.” She left a pause for comedic effect. “It was one or the other.”

Sheels and Tug forced down laughter.

“So let that be a lesson to all of you. Even superheroes cry, even superheroes feel fear, even superheroes sometimes even shit their costume. This is when I learned something about superheroes that makes so much sense when you think about it. All of The Vixens have like, five spares of their costume. Some are even kept in the team jet. You know, in case of damage... Or poop.”

“Alright listeners,” Tug said, “we’ll be back after these short messages from our sponsors, feel free to call in on our number or text us questions for Miss Danger,”

