Retelling of Omo Modern RPG

Author: LeakLife

*000*2021-08-04 17:23

Hello, everyone. It has been several months since I last used this website. I decided to semi-return after noticing someone art requested me. As I was browsing through my profile, I noticed an Interactive story I made a long time ago. I decided to read it for a bit, and after getting through some of the text, I decided that I wanted to re-write it with my current ( now slightly better) writing skills. Once I get past the part that I stopped, it's all innovation from there. This will not be an interactive, but if you have an idea for a character, scenario, or enemy, and suggest it to me, I may just be able to add it. Obviously, your ideas may not be able to be pit in if we're 75% of the way in.

For some context, in this universe, a small amount of characters have access to psychic abilities, around 1/50. The story takes place in America, the state of Florida to be exact. Considering this story is blatantly ripping off inspired by the earthbound series, you can expect violence. Not hyper-gore or anything like that, but there are quite a few fight scenes.

There will be messing alongside wetting, but the former will be less common. There are diaper scenes, but they won't be very common.

Anyways, posting the story in the next reply.

Chapter 1

Spoiler

Chapter 1

An Unkind Surprise

Liam opened his eyes, having finished his sleep. He let out a huge yawn, rubbing his eyes in a comedic fashion. He expected to hear the buzzing noises of his alarm clock, but it wasn’t there.

Weird, he managed to wake up on his own. Liam often had to rely on his trusty alarm clock to escape from his prison-like slumber. As his vision came back to him, he noticed something else-he wasn’t in the comfort of his bed. Despite the fact that he was still wearing a green shirt and blue shorts both meant for sleeping.

He jumped to his feet, looking at his surroundings. As he looked around, he could see that he was in some sort of dark, shady alleyway. Rats scattered around the floor, which was covered in dirt and trash. There was a hallway created by two acajdent buildings, seemingly the only way out.

Liam pondered for a moment. Why and how did he get here? He distinctly remembered going to sleep in his own apartment. Did someone follow him home? He thought to himself about everything that happened yesterday.

Yesterday, Liam had gone to a graduation party set up by one of his now former classmates. Chloe, to be exact. He remembered showing off his psychic powers to the class. Out of the class, only he and one other person was psychic.Her name was… Vanessa?

Perhaps someone saw that he had psychic powers and wanted to capture him? Then why would the supposed kidnapper drop Liam off in a back alley?

As Liam questioned what was happening, he heard shuffling noises behind him.He turned around, taking a few steps back. The noise seemed to be in the dumpster that laid in the back of the alley. Something was in there.

Deciding to face his fears, Liam walked up to the dumpster and opened up the lid with all his strength. As he looked inside, he was surprised to see a girl around his age in the dumpster.

It was Vanessa, lying back-first in said dumpster. She was sporting a blue shirt with yellow stripes along with light-blue jeans. It seemed that she must have been asleep in a dumpster of all places for one reason or another.

“Hey, are you okay?”Liam asked Vanessa. He knew he had to act calm in situations like this. His father, a firefighter, always drilled it into his head. Vanessa started to regain consciousness.

As Liam observed the girl, he noticed a peculiar sight-there was a spot of wetness on her shorts. Peticularly, around her crotch area. Putting two and two together, Liam realized that Vanessa must had peed herself. Embarrassed, he blushed a bit and decided not to say anything about it.

As Vanessa came to her senses, she started to panic. She looked around her surroundings, wondering why she was here.

Liam remembered that Vanessa was apparently mute, and kept to herself for the most part. She also had psychic powers, so she often had to evade people curious with her abilities.

As Liam helped Vanessa out of the dumpster can, he heard some footsteps behind him. As he turned around, he saw two men behind him running towards him and Vanessa. They both wore black clothes and masks that hid their faces, one of the masks white and the other black. They both wielded baseball bats, and didn’t seem like the happiest group of campers in the woods.

“Looks like we finally found you two.” The man in the white mask spoke to his cohort. “How did you end up losing them, anyway?”

The other black-clothed person retaliated. He noticeably was a bit more overweight. “The cops were on us! There wasn’t much I could do but hide them!”

“You could’ve done a way better job.You only hid one of them in the dumpster.” The first man looked towards Liam and Vanessa once more. “Anyways, it looks like you’re awake. You better come with us.”

Liam tried to back up until he remembered that behind him was a dumpster and a wall, and not much more. Vanessa seemed to realize this as well.

“We aren’t gonna let you take us!” Liam claimed. He obviously wasn’t very skilled in hand-to-hand combat, but…

He noticed a golf club lying on the floor. He was a minor fan of golf, and knew how to use one. He picked it up, ready to use it as a weapon.

“Should’ve expected that.” the plus-size goon said. “You two are, like, practically still teenagers.” He paused for a second, perhaps to wonder if he could hypothetically beat his kidnapees in a fight. “Yeah, we can take you!”

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Having woken up seconds ago and finding out that she was apparently kidnapped by two men in black clothing, Vanessa’s head was filled with a combination of confusion, frightness and adrenaline. Looking back at her former classmate, Liam, she could see that he was determined.

His eyes seemed as if they were flaring up, and Liam held that golf club like he was ready to strike.

She then noticed another factor-her bladder. She hadn’t realized it, but she had a quite noticeable urge to go to the bathroom. As she looked down, she also noticed that she had a bit of a bladder bulge. Not only that, but… her shorts were already a bit wet. Vanessa tried her hardest not to express anything that would give away her mini accident. Had Liam already seen it...?

Trying to ignore it, she focused her mind on what would happen next, which was seemingly a scuffle. It was clear those goons were willing to use brute force-even against a duo of 18 year-olds. She doubted that Liam could take them both down. Luckily, as a psychic, she had access to a useful technique-Pyrokinesis. It wasn’t very potent, but it could cause a scar. It was obviously very illegal to use it on someone without consent, but if she used it, it would be self-defense.

Her thinking was cut short when the two men started to charge at Liam.

Urban Ninja A engaged in combat!

Urban Ninja B engaged in combat!

Urban Ninja B attacked Vanessa with a punch!

The man with the black mask canceled his dash towards Liam to attack Vanessa instead, which caused her to not be prepared. He launched his fist into her stomach. Feeling a bit of pain going through her body, Vanessa stumbled back. She could feel more pee from her bladder escape during her moment of vulnerability. She didn’t dare to look down, but the wet patch on her shorts expanded.

Liam attacked Urban Ninja B with his golf club!

Noticing Vanessa getting punched in the gut, Liam ran up to the black-masked man and swung his golf club at the man. The goon recoiled in pain, taking a few steps back to recover.

Urban Ninja A attacked Liam with a baseball bat!

Meanwhile, the other goon swung his baseball bat at Liam. Liam noticed and managed to dodge at the last second.

Vanessa performed Pyrokinesis!

Vanessa knew that she would have to use her trump card. She focused as hard as she could, repeating the words “fire, flames, embers” and other fire-related words. She pointed towards the man in the white mask, and all of a sudden, a small fire was produced on his chest.

Panicking, the man tried to extinguish it with his hands, which failed. He ran away, out of the alleyways.

Urban Ninja B backed off!

With his partner taken care of, the black-masked man was a bit nervous. He couldn’t take down two psychics by himself, especially if one of them could do that.

Urban Ninja C entered the fight!

Suddenly, a third ninja entered the fight. A woman dropped down from the rooftops. She had a grey mask and wielded a baseball bat of her own. Looking at how one of her cohorts had already run away, she seemed heavily annoyed.

As Vanessa inspected her more closely, she noticed signs. The lady’s legs were crossed. Her right hand held her weapon, and her left hand was placed over his crotch. Not to mention, she was slightly shaking. This woman was in the same predicament as Vanessa-desperate for a bathroom.

Urban Ninja C attacked Liam with a kick!

The grey-masked ninja was much more agile than the others. She ran into Liam, kicking him in the leg in an attempt to knock him over. Liam managed to hold his ground, managing with the pain.

Liam attacked Urban Ninja C with his golf club!

Liam retaliated by attacking with his golf club, swinging it at the ninja. The lady jumped back, managing to dodge it. She looked back for backup… only to see that her other partner also threw in the towel and retreated. She grumbled to herself.

Vanessa performed Waterspout!

Vanessa prepared by holding her hands near her crotch. This time, it wasn’t to hold it in, but to cast a psychic move. She thought about waterfalls and river streams. It wasn’t the best thing to think about given her current bladder issues. She could feel a bit more pee sink into the nylon of her shorts.

Ready, she raised her hands at the ninja. While there was seemingly no effect, Vanessa waited for a few seconds.

The remaining ninja suddenly curled over. If it wasn’t clear she was desperate, it was now. Biting her lip, she spoke.

“You know, we underestimated you.” she spoke in a calm voice despite her seething rage. “We also overestimated some of us.” she looked at the paths her fellow ninjas had taken to escape. “We’ll come back. Stronger. Ready to beat you.”

Tired of this speech, Liam decided to get some payback.

Liam attacked Urban Ninja C with his foot!

Liam swept the woman’s legs over with his own, succeeding due to catching her off guard. She fell to the ground on her back, and at that moment, she was unable to hold it anymore.

Her bladder gave way and her pussy opened up. Pee started to gush out, entering the outside world. Vanessa and Liam could both hear pissing noises. Pee spreaded through her thighs, splashing onto the floor and forming a little puddle. The urine absorbed into her panties, and then into the cotton of her black yoga shorts. The woman involuntarily let out a sigh of relief.

She sprung up to the floor, blushing red with a frown on her face. Her shorts were soaked with pee. A few drops of urine were glistening on her legs. The smell of pee lingered in the air. Vanessa could still hear a small “pshh…” The woman must have a huge bladder.

“This isn’t over.” the lady said, clenching her fists. She ran off.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

With the attackers disposed of, Liam looked over to Vanessa. He could see that she was still very desperate. He wanted to help her, but was a bit embarrassed. While she was distracted - probably thinking about what the fuck just happened - Liam performed a psychic move of his own to help her out.

Liam performed Bladder Slow!

To perform the psychic move, Liam held his hands near his crotch, thinking about preservation and containment. He then sent the energy towards Vanessa. Vanessa wouldn’t feel the effects right away, but it would make it take longer for her bladder to increase. As Liam finished casting the technique, he noticed that he also needed to use the bathroom, only he needed to go #2.

Of course, that wasn’t the most important thing.Who were those men and women in black? Why were they kidnapping him and Vanessa? Were they being kidnapped for their psychic powers? And where were they? With these questions, there was one more.

What now?

*002*2021-08-22 01:30

For the three people who care, I apologize for taking so long. Here is part two.

Chapter 2

Spoiler

Chapter 2

Liam and Vanessa got up and started to exit the alley hallways. Liam looked up, seeing the sky. It was morning. His foot hurt a bit, but he was fine for the most part. So was Vanessa.

The duo stepped into the morning light, now in a semi-urban area. Roads and buildings made up the structure of the city.

Looking around, Liam wasn’t sure where to go. He didn’t remember ever coming here. As he looked at the different buildings, he noticed a phone booth on the sidewalk.

“Score!” he said. He turned to Vanessa. “I may be able to call my dad. If we can figure out where we are and tell him, we’ll be able to get out of here.”

Liam and Vanessa walked towards the phone booth. There weren’t many people around, since it was still morning. As Liam walked around, the urge kicked in, and he let out a fart. Luckily, it was silent, and Vanessa didn’t seem to hear it. He made the mental decision that he would need to use the bathroom soon. He reached the booth and went inside to call.

“Fuck. Forgot these things cost money.” Liam realized. He exited the booth and explained the current situation to Vanessa. “Ok, we can handle this. We just need to get 25 cents. Somehow.”

As Liam tried to think of a way to make money, Vanessa tapped on his shoulder. Turning around to see her, Liam saw Vanessa point to a garbage dump sitting right next to a local burger joint. Quite ironic.

“What, you think we’ll find money in there?” Liam asked curiously. It didn’t seem like a very reliable strategy, but the only other ideas he could think of were either illegal and/or immoral.

Vanessa nodded.

“I guess it’s worth a try.” Liam said while shrugging. He and Vanessa went towards the garbage dump. There seemed to be no security of any kind. While the junkyard was protected with a chain link fence, there was a gaping hole that was presumably used as a way to get in. The duo entered the dump.

The garbage dump had a lot of, well, garbage. Broken appliances, crushed cars and other junk created hills of garbage.

Liam and Vanessa decided to split up in order to cover more ground. Vanessa went ahead, while Liam stuck around the entrance. As he started to look around, he remembered his bathroom needs. As he looked around, he released a small fart. It was barely noticeable; the smell was nonexistent, and Liam was able to smother most of the sound with his buttchecks. Even though no one was around, Liam prided himself in his ability to hide his bathroom needs. Although, it wasn’t exactly the most prideful ability.

As Liam looked around, he saw something that caught his attention. A note. It had a lot of dust, along with bright red marker on it. Picking it up, he decided to read it.

Hello. I’m writing this in notes that someone finds it and manages to help me. I’ve being targeted by PsyCorp productions. If you’re reading this, you probably don’t know what I’m talking about. It’s an underground group of scientists. I’m not sure what exactly they do, but I know for sure that their plans involve kidnapping psychics. I know from experience. They want me.

Additionally, they seemed to want that crystal of mine as well. Not sure why, but I made sure to hide it in Flamient Manor. The folks there should be willing to protect it for me. If you want to look for it there, go ahead. Besides, I’m not sure if I’ll be able to escape for much longer. Last time, they used a strange device that was able to prevent me from using psychic abilities. I’m putting this here so tha

The letter cut off from there. Liam was shocked. A surge of questions raced through his mind, begging to be answered. Who wrote this? What was that crystal of theirs? How are they doing right now? What is PsyCorp?

Was it possible that this person was a psychic being chased by an underground company of scientists? And what was so important about that crystal he was talking about? Liam thought for a good few seconds. As he was deep in thought, he was interrupted by Vanessa, who tapped him on the shoulder. She held both a 10 and 5 dollar bill in her hand.

“Score!” Liam exclaimed, looking at Vanessa. “Alright, the two of us should probably get out before someone sees us.”

The two young adults exited the junkyard. Due to the lack of people so early in the morning, there wasn’t anyone to question why two recently ex-high school students were in a garbage dump.

Now at the phone booth again, Liam was trying to come up with a solution. The phone booth only accepted quarters and nothing else. Looking around, he got an idea. Next to the junkyard was a restaurant. If they went there, ordered something, and asked specifically to get at least one quarter back as change, sure they would look weird, but they’d get their quarter.

Liam explained his plan to Vanessa, who seemed on board. The two of them walked and entered the cheap-looking establishment.

Inside, Liam could smell over-salted fries, over-salted tears, and a bunch of other stuff you wouldn’t smell in a more fancy restaurant. He was surprised to see this much activity during the morning. As he looked around, he could see the room was in minor chaos. Kids were trying to throw their fries at one another. A few hamburgers were lying on the floor, and even in some seats. Most of the adults there looked miserable, but not as much as the janitor cleaning all of the mess up.

A seemingly tired girl sporting casual attire and a ponytail was manning the counter. There was one other person already in line. Liam decided to take a moment to look at the menu. Burgers, fries, chicken nuggets, sodas, the usual. The most generic a fast-food place could get. Liam thought for a bit, and then decided on his order.

Once the other man finished up his order, Liam walked up to the counter with Vanessa behind him. Liam relayed his order.

“Okay, um, I would like two cheeseburgers, alongside two medium sodas.” He requested the cashier, who documented his order. If they had to buy something, they might as well get breakfast.

“Yeah, that’ll be $12.71.” The cashier responded, holding out her hand. Vanessa took out the money and handed it over to the lady. She started counting the amount of change that would have to be given back. “Need to give you about 2 bucks back.”

“Hey, I know this sounds weird, but could you potentially make sure we get at least one quarter?” Liam requested nervously. He wasn’t sure if the cashier would care enough to indulge in his wishes. Thankfully, she made sure to hand back a bunch of quarters. Vanessa pocketed the money, as Liam was handed a receipt. The two walked over to a nearby table to wait.

“Well, things are starting to look up.” Liam said to Vanessa. “I mean, we aren’t kidnapped anymore. That’s pretty good.” Vanessa nodded, seeming to agree.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Vanessa looked at Liam with gratitude. If it weren’t for him, she wasn’t sure where she would be right now. He was brave, physically strong, a leader, pretty much the opposite of her. As she thought about Liam, her mind was brought back to the situation with her bladder.

For some reason, it felt as if her bladder was starting to fill in much slower than before. She knew that her bladder wasn’t exactly known for its high capacity. Normally, she would’ve been at 8.5/10 on the pee-o-meter. Was it a psychic effect? From Liam, perhaps? She wasn’t sure, but if it was him, she would have to thank him.

As she tried to ignore her pee problems, she heard Liam's receipt be called by the cashier. Liam stood up and walked to the counter, and returned with a bag containing the meal.

Vanessa and Liam started to eat the food. As Vanessa chowed down on the burger, she had to admit it didn’t taste that bad. As she looked at Liam, she could see that he seemed to not enjoy it. After taking a few bites, he tried to keep a smile on his face, but ultimately frowned.

“Sorry for ruining the mood. It’s just… This stuff tastes really cheap.” Liam explained, hoping he didn’t sour Vanessa’s taste.

Vanessa forgave him. She switched to drinking her soda, which seemed to be lemon-flavored. While she was a bit hesitant due to the urine starting to build up inside of her, a few sips convinced her to continue until she drank the whole thing. Liam seemed to enjoy his soda as well.

After the meal, Liam and Vanessa exited the restaurant, having finished their impromptu breakfast. The psychic duo made their way to the phone booth. Vanessa gave one of the quarters to Liam, who took it and went inside the phone booth. She watched as Liam inserted the coin and dialed his father’s number. After a moment, she could hear Liam start to speak. However, she couldn’t hear his father from outside. She was about to walk in until something caught her eye.

Vanessa could make out three black-clothed individuals. With a squint, Vanessa could tell that the three of them were the people who attacked them a good half hour ago. Alarmed, Vanessa kept her eyes on them. They seemed to be walking into an alleyway. Vanessa decided to open the door to the phone booth. She had to warn Liam. What if they were kidnapping another group of high school graduates?

As she opened the door, Liam greeted her.

“Hey, Vanessa. So, my dad was near the area when I called him. He said he’d be willing to pick the two of us up and drop us off at my apartment.” He paused, looking outside. “Actually, that’s him right now.”

Exiting the phone booth, Vanessa could see that a car was sitting right next to them. The duo walked up to the car, and as if on cue the driver’s seat window rolled down, revealing a face. The man shown had brown curly hair like Liam. He had a burly brown beard and a pair of sunglasses. He spoke in a stern voice.

“Hey, son.” He said. Liam nodded in response.

“Hey dad.”

Liam’s dad paused for a second.

“So, how did you end up here? With that girl?” he asked. Vanessa could see that Liam was starting to sweat bullets. He probably wasn’t sure his father would believe what would happen.

“Well, er… Mind if I explain in the car?

A few minutes later, Vanessa and Liam were riding in the back of Liam’s dad’s car. While Liam’s dad was not a psychic, he was a firefighter who made sure to train Liam to act bravely.

Vanessa could feel that her bladder was starting to hurt. She was starting to regret ever drinking that soda.

“So,” Liam said. “I’m guessing you don’t believe any of what happened.”

Liam’s dad sat there for a moment, presumingly to think.

“Well,” the burly man replied. “There is one thing I know for sure.”

“Hmm?” Liam asked, curious.

“You were talking about some guy who put a crystal in Flamient Manor. Well, I’m not sure how long ago that was, but I know for sure that for the past few weeks, some weird shit has been happening at that mansion.”

“Define ‘weird shit’.” Liam responded.

“There have been five total fires in the last three weeks, each more dangerous than the last. The thing is, the mansions’ owned by some rich guy who barely ever goes there. He should just let the thing burn. It would save us some time, place’s doomed anyways.

As Vanessa listened to the conversation, she suddenly felt a wave of desperation. She had forgotten about her urine issue, and that medium lemon soda certainly didn’t help. She couldn’t pee herself now! She’d likely die from embarrassment.

Despite her mental battle against her urges, her urges slowly started to get the edge. She could feel pee start to flow out of her crotch. She could feel her panties start to get warm and damp. She knew that she couldn’t last long. She wasn’t sure how long Liam’s apartment was from here.

A good five minutes passed. More pee managed to crawl into Vanessa’s panties. She didn’t dare to check, but she could tell that a small wet spot was starting to form on the seat. She really didn’t want a big, muscly man yelling at her for peeing on his car seats.

Suddenly, the car stopped. Vanessa snapped out of her thoughts and realized that Liam was getting out of the car. She followed suit, trying not to look like she was having an accident. This had the side effect of accidently wetting herself a bit more. By now, it was starting to get into her shorts.

“Well, good luck with your endeavors, son.” Liam’s dad said. Before Liam could respond, Liam’s dad began to drive away.

“Well, let’s go.” Liam said. He looked at Vanessa only to see her be physically unable to move. “You good?” he asked her.

Vanessa couldn’t hold it any longer. She could feel her body losing control. Her bladder had won this battle. Pee started to gush out of Vanessa’s nether regions. Her panties quickly became wet and soggy. Her shorts were also not immune to the flood of urine. The yellow liquid splattered onto the ground, creating an AoE attack that landed onto the concrete road.

Vanessa could only watch in horror as she continued wetting herself. She could sense the smell of urine; not a pleasant smell. By now, her panties and shorts were both soaked. Vanessa was petrified. Despite her tiny bladder, the last time she had wet herself was 4 years. Tears started to form in her eyes.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Liam was surprised. He had forgotten about Vanessa needing to pee, and now she had had an accident. Right now, there wasn’t anyone outside, but that would likely change soon.

“Hey, um, I’m sorry about that. I really am. But if we stay here, people are bound to see.” Liam said, attempting to comfort the girl. It was a bit hard to do so with Liam was dealing with desperation of his own.

Vanessa seemed to get the message, and followed Liam into the building. Liam held Vanessa’s hand as they entered the apartments, and stopped when Liam reached his. He got out his key and tried to open the door as quickly as possible. Not only did he not want Vanessa to be humiliated, but he really needed to use the bathroom.

Liam managed to open the door, and get Vanessa in before closing the door. He let out a sigh of relief.

“Ok, you’ll be able to shower in the bathroom.” Liam instructed Vanessa. “I just need a quick moment.” He rushed towards the bathroom, opening and closing the door. He finally had the chance to use the bathroom.

*003*2021-10-07 00:39

Hey guys, apologies for abandoning this little project for so long. However, I bring good news. I'm working on this again(now with some better formatting), and I'm going to release Chapters 3 and 4 at around the same time. Should be a few days from now.

*004*2021-10-11 19:38

Alright, Chapter 3's finished. I haven't finished Chapter 4 yet, though. I overestimated my writing speed a bit. That being said, this chapter is less omorashi-focused. However, there will be more juicy stuff in Chapter 4.

Spoiler

The girl traveled through the quiet neighborhood, accompanied by nothing but the chirps and songs of the wildlife around her. Her hood and mask covered her facial features, hiding her identity from the world. Her dark skinned, slender body was protected from the windy breeze by her coat. Tall trees covered the night-time sky, concealing it’s secrets. At this time of day, it wasn’t likely anyone was outside. And, luckily for the girl, that was true.

The young adult stopped at the front of the biggest building of the neighborhood. Her target. After an easy climb over a fancy-looking fence, she could see a side door that led into the house. She crouched down, taking off her backpack and shuffling her hand through it. After a few seconds, her hand reappeared, claiming a crowbar as it’s prize. The girl smirked. She took one more look around… no one outside. At least, no one that could see her.

She walked up to the door and started to-

“Er, hey there!” a voice shouted out from the shadows.

Startled, the woman turned around to find the man who caught her. She saw two individuals. One was a guy, the other a girl. They seemed to be around her age, if not a bit younger. Unsure of what to do, she raised her crowbar as a weapon.

“Woah there!” the guy said, raising out his hands. “We don’t mean harm.” The girl standing beside him didn’t talk. She seemed tense, as if she was expecting something to go down.

“What are you doing here?” the woman questioned the duo. She knew she wasn’t one to talk, but she had to get these two off of her tail or her little operation would fail. If she was lucky, she could make a little progress by the time the cops came.

“Well, I’d normally not admit this, but…” the guy explained. “We’re here for the same reason as you. Breaking in.”

“W-Why?” She questioned. She hadn’t expected the two to be criminals. They certainly didn’t look the part.

“Well, it’s hard to explain… we’re looking for this crystal-like object. We found a note saying it was in Flamient Manor.” the guy held up a note. The hooded girl read the note for a bit. While she wasn’t completely trusting with these two, it seemed that they had no intention of screwing her over.

“Well, in that case,” the girl decided, “It seems we should team up due to our common goals. What’s your name?”

“Shit, I… thought that was gonna fail tremendously. But yeah, my name’s Liam. And she’s Vanessa.” he said, pointing to his cohort. “What about you?”

“Jasmine.” the girl responded. She pulled out a hand, and Liam shaked it.

Vanessa watched as Jasmine was able to bust down the wooden door with her crowbar. She was surprised by this woman’s strength. As she gazed in awe, Liam nudged at her shoulder.

“Just to be safe, we can’t completely trust her yet. We’ll find out where the crystal is, and leave.” he whispered into her ears. Vanessa responded with a head nod.

“What’s the hold up?” Jasmine asked, clearly annoyed with how slow her companions were. Liam and Vanessa ran up and entered the manor as well.

The room had a strong feeling of decay and old age. There was occasional mold, alongside paint peeling off walls. Pictures of abstract shapes and old people were scattered across the walls of the room. A couch laid in the middle of the room. It was heavily damaged, as if it was the location of some dog-fighting tournament. In front of it was a table seating a small, old tv.

“I knew this place was old, but I didn’t think it was old-old.” Liam commented, surprised with how everything looked.

As Vanessa looked around and saw the atmosphere of the manor, her thoughts on the place were interrupted by a twinge in her bladder. A familiar feeling.

Vanessa started to panic. She was starting to need to pee, and having two accidents within the same day would be something she’d never forgive herself for. Thankfully, it wasn’t too bad at the moment. She just had to hope it wouldn’t take too long to find the crystal and leave. Or better yet, find a bathroom.

“Yeah.” Jasmine replied. She started walking towards an open door. “I know my way around here.” Opening it, she gestured to Liam and Vanessa to follow.

“You know this place?” Liam asked. “If you’ve broken in here before, why’d you do it again? You have a vendetta against this place?”

“No. I came here because of someone. Someone special.” Jasmine said coldly. She was about to add more when a red, rubber ball was thrown through the door, smacking her straight in the face. The force of the attack knocked her back. Meanwhile, the ball dropped to the ground.

Wondering what caused the attack, Vanessa moved towards the ball only to see it rise from the floor at a quick pace. It then seemingly flung itself at Vanessa, who barely managed to dodge the ball.

Vanessa was terrified. Her feeble mind was flooded with questions, trying to understand what was happening. How was this ball able to float and move? Was it sentient? Sapient? Was it using psychic abilities to move? But only humans can be psychic! Unless…

She was cut from her thoughts as Liam pushed her to the side, evading another off the ball’s aerial assaults. Remembering that this was a fight, she came back to her senses. She was about to thank Liam when Jasmine rushed towards the floating ball. Her steps were well coordinated and graceful, as if she had done this countless times. Raising her crowbar, she let out a war cry before smacking the mass of rubber with her weapon. The ball was flung into a wall, bouncing onto the floor. The trio watched the ball with intensity, and were relieved to see that it didn’t get back up.

Vanessa’s relief was quickly replaced with horror as she noticed a wet feeling in her panties. While the other two were paying attention to their assaulter, Vanessa took the moment to check within her shorts. She could see a wet patch of urine soaking her purple undergarments.Vanessa blushed. She was extremely worried about the thought of having two accidents in one day. Not to mention she had gone four years without one until today.

After a bit of silence between the group, Liam decided to speak up.

“So, uh, Jasmine? I don’t mean to be rude, but.. what the fuck?”

“Yeah,” Jasmine replied. “I was expecting a response like that.” She turned to the rest of her group. “Honestly, I don’t know how or why those things are able to do that stuff. They’ve been a nuisance for quite a while. Surprised it gave up in one hit, though.”

“So you’ve never told anyone about this?” Liam asked.

“Nah.” Jasmine replied. “Trust me. It’ll get weirder. Try not to freak out.” She walked through a door. “Follow my lead.”

The trio started to walk through several rooms. A kitchen, a dining room, and more. Liam was still trying to comprehend how that ball could be psychic. Was it even psychic energy? He decided to ask Jasmine a few more questions.

“How did you first react to this place? Did all of the paranormal stuff freak you out?”

“A bit. I got used to it, though. It didn’t stop me from going in here.”

“... why do you keep breaking in here?” Liam asked. He wasn’t sure if it was a personal reason, or if Jasmine just liked breaking in houses multiple times for sport or something.

After a bit of silence, Jasmine responded.

“Because of a specific person. My dad, to be exact.” After a pause, Jasmine decided to continue. “My dad brought this place 20 years ago. Close to where I was born. The place was always strange. My dad always said there were ghosts, but I didn’t believe him. One day, he suddenly decided to move out of the place. Not sure why. Ever since then, my dad had changed. He was rude, annoyed by whatever I did, and generally disliked me.”

“A while back, I was arrested after helping out some guys in robbing a store, got some jail time. My dad disowned me after that. For the last month or so, I’ve been homeless. So that’s why I’ve been searching this place. To see what made him change.”

Realizing her rant, she apologized.

“I’m-I’m sorry about that. Didn’t mean to give you my life story.”

“It’s alright.” Liam replied. “I can see what you’re talking about. I have a simil-”

“Hold that thought,” Jasmine said. She pointed to a trio of rubber balls in their way. Similar to the one earlier, these three were also able to float.

“Crap.” Liam muttered, raising his golf club. “Well, if they’re using psychic powers, we’ll have to use ours!” He ran up to one of the balls, slamming his golf club into it. The ball was launched into the wall, but got back up.

The other two started to gang up on Vanessa, who began preparing some pyrokinesis. One of them flung itself towards Vanessa, but was intercepted by a whack from Jasmine’s crowbar. Now fully concentrated, Vanessa created a small burst of flame on the ball. The ball dropped to the ground after a few seconds, not getting back up.

The last remaining ball was still fighting Liam. It kept its distance from him, seemingly waiting for the right time to strike. As Liam was trying to swing at it, it suddenly hit him. He took a step back, before suddenly realizing what to do. He hung his head low, and with his thoughts alone, he started to create something. A big square as tall as him made out of nothing but psychic energy appeared in front of him. He pushed his hands outwards, as if he was a mime. The psychic square flew towards the ball, and into the wall. The rubbery enemy was squished by the impact.

“Wow. That was something.” Jasmine commented, complimenting Liam’s ability. “I didn’t know you were both psychic.”

“Yeah.” Liam humbly replied. “I guess that was pretty cool.”

“Ok, back to our little expedition. I’m not sure if she’ll…”

Jasmine stopped when she noticed a set of stairs leading to the second floor. “Hmm. Those weren’t there before.” She commented.

“Wait, you’ve never seen these before? Liam asked. A nod from Jasmine confirmed his thoughts. “Have you, like, never been to the second floor?”

“No. I was always wondering why I couldn’t find one. I guess this’ll be a new experience for all of us.” She started to walk up the stairs. Vanessa followed her, and turned around to see Liam standing still. She motioned to him.

“Oh, yeah, I’m coming. Just need a moment to process this. I mean, we were just fighting a bunch of sapient, floating rubber balls. I never expected to do something like this in my life.”

Before he could say anything else, Liam could hear Jasmine yell. Worried, he ran up the stairs alongside Vanessa. He met Jasmine’s attacker-A floating candlestick. A small flame laid on the tip of the candle. Evidently, Jasmine had been burnt by the sapient being.

Vanessa thought about attacking via her pyrokinesis, but she wasn’t sure how effective it would be, given the enemy’s fire affinity. For all she knew, a fire attack could strengthen it. Looking at what she could do to help, she noticed a baseball bat lying on the ground. It wasn’t the best weapon, but she ran and grabbed it regardless. By now, Liam had managed to heal Jasmine’s burn with his psychic abilities. The candle was about to fly at them when Vanessa swatted the animated object to the ground. She smacked it again for good measure. The candle stopped moving, and the flames mysteriously went out.

As she sighed in relief, Vanessa realized that she had, once again, leaked in her panties. The other two didn’t seem to notice, so Vanessa tried as hard as possible not to draw attention.

“Thanks, you two.” Jasmine said. She had her hand on her arm, where she had been burned, and her jacket had been slightly damaged, but she was fine.

“Yeah, no problem.” Liam replied. “I’m starting to get used to these things, but… what caused them to move like that? Were they the ghosts your dad thought he saw?

“No idea.” Jasmine said. “But we can’t really learn more about it. Might as well accept it.”

“I guess you’re right.” Liam said. The trio continued to go through the manor.

