The Chronicles of a Thick, Poop-shy Goth Girl *Poop Warning*

Author: LiteralShtpost

*000*2022-06-22 00:24

Hello, this is my debut story for Omarashi. I haven’t written normal fiction, let alone… This kind of writing for many years, so I’m quite rusty and am using my vocabulary as a crutch.

I wish to make it very clear that this story is predominantly focused on pooping, poop desperation, poop anxiety and poop embarrassment, and will contain little to no messing or wetting.

You are not only welcomed but invited to make any criticism with any aspect of my story, including the themes I’ve included or not included and things you’d like to read more of.

Without further ado, please enjoy the first chapter of my story.

Chapter One (864 words, poop warning):

It looked back up at her. A congealed mass of compressed, knobbly nuggets bound together tightly, like a black pudding bound in string from a deli, marinating in a pool of rich yellow. Just as large and just as dark, but far from appetizing. The cause of much abdominal pain and ‘bottled up stress’ had finally left her body, but not without a fight. She bore down over the glorified ditch of a public squat toilet with all the force her body could muster to birth it. And it was this almost maternal disposition that caused her to hesitate kicking the flush to be rid of the monstrosity that weighed down on her heavily for the past four days. And her swollen gut was gratuitously grateful to be freed of its colossal burden and to be exorcised of the demon it had imprisoned for far too long.

After this brief lapse in her hasty disposal, she kicked the lever and watched as the weak stream slowly but surely ferried her grotty monster into the Styx of the city sewers, or so she thought. Her huge business poked its unsightly head out of the basin, clinging for life, but even a second barrage of water wouldn’t loosen its hold.

This was a common scenario for Samantha, or Sam as she prefers to be called, who covered her hand with toilet paper, prepared to get her hands dirty. She wanted to ensure no one else laid witness to her excruciating bowel-ache made manifest, lest she die of embarrassment. But there was nothing else she could do. She was thankful that walls were obscuring the two embarrassing sights of her big arse bent over, as well as what came out of it. As she carefully maneuvered her thick stool out of the basin.

Despite being saturated by water, it remained dry and hard. She laid it back on the upper level and began carefully disassembling her bowel movement, meticulously breaking off nuggets and chunks to ensure it could safely pass to the other side. Doing it so often made her quite skilled at disemboweling her massive solid shits, and it was a necessity for times like this. After she finished the summary execution of her disobedient log, she kicked down on the lever a third and final time with excessive force and anger, uttering an unwomanly grunt in frustration.

She hated using public toilets. You would be hard asked to find anyone who does like using public toilets outside of voyeurs and exhibitionists. But for her, it was still preferable than using either the home or school toilets. Home life was busy, she would rarely get a break or a moment to herself alone, crammed in a tiny house with her mother, father and two younger half-brothers. She is even forced to share a bedroom with her mother, with only screens as a dividing wall for privacy, as the new living arrangement required.

Her mother and father refuse to sleep in the same room, let alone the same bed, meaning she can’t get the space, privacy and sanctuary a young woman requires. And at school, aside from being shy, she quickly became enemies with the janitor a few weeks ago, who walked in on her washing her hands and then began to clean the Western style toilets. After this, Sam quickly fled the scene just as the janitor discovered the brutal murder of one of the school toilets, which had choked to death on a reeking brick of waste. And it didn’t take much imagination for the cleaner to guess who the wide-bottomed suspect was.

Before leaving, Sam checked to ensure the toilet was in an immaculate state, despite it being far from perfect when she first entered in the first place. There was no stain, except the stain on her soul for her proclivity to filling the sewer system with so many ungodly monsters, it would make From Software feel inadequate.

She opened the door and began to depart when she saw a slim, blonde woman in a pink cardigan and white skirt, who was tiny in comparison. She was clutching her crotch. It appeared the stall next to her was occupied, and, customarily for any public toilet, one of them was out of order, although strangely, the door was closed and locked, marked as occupied. Before she could think too much about it, the woman said thank you and squeezed past her.

Even though the evidence was gone and it wasn’t a particularly pungent birth this time, Sam couldn’t bring herself to even wash her hands, despite them intimately fondling her filth, with only cheap, low quality single ply toilet paper with the consistency of sandpaper between them. She caught a glimpse of herself, with her long, tattered dyed jet black hair and her imperfect pale white complexion contrasted by her Gothic black, immodest dress and felt sick just looking at herself in the mirror. She quickly darted out of the bathroom, knowing for certain that the woman must have heard the multiple flushes. It isn’t rude to assume that multiple flushes is indicative of a massive turd that won’t go down without a fight.

*001*2022-06-30 03:11

Hello again, I’ve finished the next two chapters of the story. But now, I’ve come to a dillema. I have written lots of exposition and world building, as well as fleshing out characters. But there is a problem with this, the word count and, I’m sure many of you aren’t here for ordinary literature.

The next two chapters do not feature any messing/poop content, and Chapter Two doesn’t feature any fetish material at all. If you’re willing to read it in spite of that, I’ve opted to keep it in. However, if you couldn’t give a shit and you’re here for the piss, feel free to skip the chapter entirely. I hope 2,000 words is well worth the wait for its messy, pissy finale.

Once again, criticism is encouraged, I’ll take all criticism to heart, in a good way, and hopefully use it to improve my writing and highlight what you wish to see the most. For messing/poop enjoyers, fear not, I’m going straight back to it after this, but I will now also focus on wetting/piss to cater to a wider audience.

Pro tip: Ctrl + F is your friend, press that and input your favored excretion words and you should find exactly what you’re looking for.

Chapter Two (1536 words, no Omarashi fetish content, feel free to skip):

Relieved of aching bowels, Sam felt a gurgling in her stomach. This time it wasn’t because she was full, but because she was now empty. On one hand, she didn’t want to waste her hard earned money on fast food, especially being intimately familiar with the shenanigans in the kitchen of a chain-restaurant, but she couldn’t so easily make anything at home. And any food she bought for herself must be eaten the same day, lest her father dishes it up for her two half-brothers. The thought of them benefiting from her in any way at all propelled her voluptuous legs as fast as possible to buy a takeaway sandwich.

An ache and twinge in her bowel, even though she just emptied herself, pleaded with her, telling her that a footlong grilled cheese and meatball sandwich was going to give her hell three days down the track, when she inevitably buckles over a toilet with her head turning purple, but by the time she made it to the front of the lineup, it was too late.

“What can I get you?” asked the surly boy, with the collar of his uniform lopsided.

“Uhh…” Sam paused, ogling a menu of many interesting, gut-clogging choices. “I’ll have the grilled cheese and meatball deluxe with added onion and garlic.”

The boy input the order into the register and repeated the price, “That’ll be six do-”

“The footlong, I meant, sorry,” Sam clarified. “Oh and I’ll also have a chocolate donut and… A water. Thank you.”

The boy looked puzzled, almost as if offended by her order, quickly glancing at the little pot belly she had, bulging slightly out of her lovely tight black dress, perhaps too tight, and he replied, “Is-is that all?”

Sam nearly turned red, taking his momentary glance and question as an attack on her corpulent figure, “Excuse me?”

“That is all then? Sorry, you just took a while making up your mind and you kept adding items to your order, that’s all,” he panicked, with plausible deniability. “Alright, twelve dollars.”

She calmed down. She was used to prejudice and occasionally, open hostility from people, so she assumed the worst. Unbeknown to him, and it would have been prudent for her to point this out, this meal would be the only thing she ate today. Because in a few hours, she would have to go home and get ready for her own grind, frying chicken at a slightly higher grade restaurant.

Once she got her order, she sat at a table to herself right in the corner. And any looks she got from people, disparaging or otherwise, she would be able to stare back down. She began hoeing into her sandwich, being careful not to burn her mouth, which she occasionally doused out with water, a healthy choice, to make up for her addition of a donut. She was eating incredibly quickly and wasn’t chewing properly, and is part of the reason she can’t… pass her digested food very well. As well as her irregularity and severe stress. In the mere minutes it took for her to wolf down her meal, she made the donut disappear in a flash and walked out with the remaining half of her water.

Walking back home at 3:15 PM, she was startled as her phone rang. And she prepared herself for the obligatory question from Beth.

“Where were you today!?” Beth demanded. “You subjected me to Markus and his cringelord girlfriend dancing and singing in performance class today. Alone!”

“I kind of anticipated they would be doing their anime routine today, that’s part of the reason I didn’t show up…” Sam paused. “The other part of the reason is that I don’t feel like wasting my time learning bullshit that I won’t even need a year from now.”

“Just remember that all of us are here because we fucked up last year,” Beth replied.

“Yeah, I didn’t care about high school and I certainly don’t care about an entire school dedicated to year 13 fuckups,” Sam retaliated.

“Oh come on… Well if I can’t see you at school, can I see you out some time with Trixie?” she pleaded.

“You know where I work, you can always stop by. I’ll wave.”

“Yeah, you’re in the kitchen, not serving. I mean to meet you, if I just wanted to see you I’d just look at your school photo mugshot,” Beth stopped as she heard the calamity of Sam dropping her water bottle in shock, spilling it everywhere, unable to salvage the rest.

“Don’t look at that! You made me spill!” Sam decried.

“Oops!” Beth chuckled. “Did baby Sammy wet herself?”

“What??” Sam outraged. “No, my water! Look, I’ll talk to you later,”

“No wa-” Beth’s last words were as Sam ended the call and put her phone away, now steps away from the house.

It was a suburban dream come true, which is the antithesis of what Sam grew up with. She hated the nosy, busy-body neighbors, she hated the door-knockers but worst of all, she hated her father. But she wasn’t unjustified in her hatred.

“Ahh, you’re back a little early from school don’t you think, Samantha?” her father aggravated the second he got the opportunity. His two sons giggled in hostile agreement.

“Yes, well didn’t I tell you that I have work today? Jack?” she replied.

When Jack refused the most basic respect in calling Sam by her preferred nickname, it was par for the course. But when she called him by his name and not as ‘dad’ or ‘father’ there would be hell to pay, as she could see on his subtle frown.

“Of course, Sam… At 4 PM. You only need to leave 30 minutes before the end of school to get back early enough to get ready,” he replied.

“I did.”

“Well, unless your teachers are a bunch of lying crooks, no you didn’t. In fact, you didn’t even show up today,” her dad stated.

“Ok? And!?” she began to raise her voice, just as Jack signaled the boys to go into the lounge room with their after-school snack, consisting of the chocolate bars Sam stashed away but he somehow found. “I’m a 19 year old fully grown woman. And I can make my own choices.”

He slowly walked up to her, threateningly, but he coyly smiled with his palms open to her when he noticed her backing away in a panic. “Yes, a 19 year old woman who lives under my roof, and is so ungrateful to me for enrolling you at your last chance at a decent life.”

“You’re threatening to kick me out again, is that it?” Sam asked.

“Oh, absolutely not! You’re my daughter. But only because the DNA test proves it,” he replied. “But there is a choice. I can call the school now, I can withdraw you if that’s your wish… But, once I do that, I’ll be expecting rent from you.”

“That’s completely unfair.”

“It’s NOT UNF-” her dad yelled, but stopped as he realized Jaden, the youngest of the family, came up and pled.

“Please don’t fight with Sam, we don’t like it when you fight,” he asked.

“Jaden. It isn’t a fight it’s just a little misunderstanding. It’s grown up business.” he replied. “I’ll be in with you soon.”

Jaden happily walked back into the lounge room, presumably to play more games with Mick, his elder by four years.

“Stop infantilizing him, he’s twelve, he should know what’s going on,” Sam spat.

“On the contrary, neither of them need to know of the problems you manufacture entirely on your own. It’s quite simple, Sam. You are my daughter. As my daughter, you are welcome under my roof rent free and with much love, and in return, you continue your education, or hell, at least pretend better. But if you throw that all away to work some dead-end job, then you’re a lodger.”

A momentary diatribe once meant to emotionally manipulate Sam into doing his bidding was no longer useful, and she could see through it. He could tell just by looking her in the eyes that his old tricks weren’t working anymore.

“Daughter or lodger? Which is it?” Jack demanded.

The stand-off between them lasted until Jack heard Jaden getting boisterous and upset playing a game with Mick, who never went easy on him.

“Do better,” he spoke a final time as he went to wrangle the kids.

“Oh, I will…” Sam spoke under her breath.

Her bowels may have been taken care of, but her bladder was starting to fill up with the bottled water she drank earlier. As well as the soda she had as a morning pick-me-up, a very unhealthy breakfast drink to be sure. But there was no time, she only had a few minutes to slip into her uniform and quickly wipe off her makeup, as the kitchen she worked at would melt it off otherwise. She was thankful to still be able to have eyeliner at the very least, but the black bags under her eyes from a lack of sleep would then be visible. Thankfully, her long black hair was already in a ponytail, so aside from her uniform, she was set.

Chapter Three (2,680 words):

The same day, when Sam arrived at work ten minutes late in her uniform, which included white jeans that unfortunately made Sam’s behind appear monstrously bigger, she was immediately directed to the grill by her manager.

“Come on, you’ve given Toby too much work to do on his own,” he scolded.

As she didn’t have the time at home, she intended to quickly use the restroom before her bladder became a problem. But that was thrown aside as she was caught by her manager.

“It’s not exactly busy in here right now,” Sam indicated, pointing to the grand sum of two people lined up and the five other patrons who have actually bothered staying inside the restaurant to eat their meals instead of making a beeline for their cars to take off back home.

“It’s Friday night, it isn’t busy right now but it will be very soon.”

She got to the grill and noticed her mistake for showing up late, the chicken Toby was attempting to multi-task was charcoaled and no longer edible to a starving dog, let alone paying customers. And suddenly, there was a familiar twinge in her bladder as she slowly clamped her legs together. All that water and soda she had in her adventure about town, truanting from the last chance year 13 school her father enrolled her in, was prodding her abdomen for release. But her pelvic muscles were strong, and it would need to do more than just knock at her front door to be allowed out.

She ignored the urge and went back to work. As she took the burnt chicken to the bin near the back, but she was overtaken by one of the teenage staff members precariously zooming past her with a bucket of hot oil, bumping into her but luckily still clinging to the bucket, and only a minor splash hit the floor.

“Out of the way fatty!” she remarked.

Sam gasped in disgust and, once she disposed of the chicken, took it up with the manager.

“Yes, she understands something that you can’t seem to comprehend. Haste,” he replied.

“There is haste, and then there are blatantly unsafe work practices. And what about her verbal abuse? No one should have to put up with that.”

“She has had a long day…” the manager replied, clearly covering for her either because he likes her, because she’s younger, or because of a combination of both, and Sam looked up to his brow, with one wrinkle, and realized how gross the mere thought was. “Besides, when someone is carrying a bucket of oil, you should step aside.”

“She came from behind me and didn’t give me any warning,” she added.

“Stop complaining, get back to work. Oh and look,” he said as he pointed to the serving area. In the span of ten minutes, the lineup tripled in size. “You still have an oil spill to mop up. Quickly.”

An hour later, the kitchen became a horror show, and Sam’s bladder was full. So much that she carefully swayed from side to side. To anyone paying attention, it was clear that she was holding something in, but luckily for her, everyone’s eyes, stinging from the heat and burning oil, darted around violently back and forth between the orders and their stations.

In spite of her predicament, Samantha was making perfectly grilled chicken and would often wait for more orders, bottle-necked by the rest of the ‘crew’ as the manager liked to refer to them as. Every opportunity to go to the toilet was foiled as a new order came in demanding more chicken, and she couldn’t possibly let Toby do it on his own. But her need was getting more dire, as she started gyrating her hips around, distracting her from her piss-filled belly.

“Hey uhh, Toby?” she muttered. He didn’t say anything, but he was listening. “I’ve got to go to the bathroom could you cover for me?”

“You should have gone before starting, you’ve only got a three hour shift, I’m here all night,” Toby replied. He was one of the only staff members Sam could get on with, hence why she only remembers his name. She didn’t want to stress him out anymore than he already was. But if she didn’t go now, it wasn’t another oil spill the cleanup crew would have to worry about. “Keep holding, in two more hours you’ll be able to go home and take a nice big dump.”

Sam blushed and blared, “It’s not that! I just need a wee.”

She was embarrassed having to tell him of her need at all, but for him to assume she needed to do the more solid need lit her cheeks up like brake lights, and made her feel like crawling into a hole and rotting. And it wasn’t helped by his next comment.

“If it’s just that, how come you always take so long in there? If you need to… you know... you can be honest with me.” he stated, almost creepily.

“It’s harder to hold your bladder than your bowels for three hours, Toby,” she retaliated.

She felt ashamed for even asking in the first place, and especially for not obfuscating her urinary need with some other menial kitchen task. She then heard him giggle.

“What’s so funny?” she asked.

Then he started chuckling, “You’re so cute when you’re embarrassed you know.”

That comment hit her like a silent truck in the dead of night. And she didn’t know exactly how to take it.

“Go now, don’t worry, I’m not too bad on the grill… Am I? I’m sure someone would have loved eating my Coal Chicken Supreme!” he joked.

Sam’s face lit up, not from embarrassment this time. He made her night slightly better, even if it was a roller-coaster of emotions for her. She said thanks and then, as sneakily as her large frame could be, walked to the bathroom.

But a coworker stopped her with a plea.

“Please… I’m behind. Can you take this order to the front, you just need fries and a soda to finish it off.” he asked, visibly distressed from overwork. He had one of the hardest jobs in the kitchen, making the souvlakis and wraps. She couldn’t help but pity him more than her full bladder. So she took the two slightly burnt souvlakis, got the chips and soda, brought it to the front and announced the order number. And it was none other than Beth who came to collect it.

Beth, with dyed lime green hair parted to the left, and a buzzcut on the right, dressed in a short-skirt, black stockings and huge boots, as well as a scruffy, damaged band shirt greeted Sam with a smile from her pierced lips.

“I thought I’d come here on the off-chance of seeing you and you’re the one to bring my order out to me, how sweet,” Beth cheered.

“Hi Beth! I’m sorry about not coming to school today but, you know… I didn’t want to be subjected to cringe. Where’s Madis- uhh, Trixie?”

“She said she didn’t like fried chicken and said it gives her the ‘screaming shits’ so she didn’t want to come,” Beth replied. “Oh and you nearly slipped up there, you know how mad she gets when you call her Madison.”

“Well if it plays hell on her little belly it’s not my fault, I make sure it’s thoroughly cooked. And I can’t help it, Madison was her name at the start of the year, and she still hasn’t legally changed it yet. Is it just a phase?” Sam asked.

“Oh it’s definitely a phase… But it’s one that doesn’t look like it’s ever going to end.”

Samantha had no friends going to that school for year 13 ‘fuckups’ and she only found Beth and Trixie by chance, both of whom were inseparable and went to school with each other ever since elementary. Sam had very few friends, and was absolutely thrilled to know that Beth went out of her way for Sam, with little odds of seeing her. It meant a lot, but she couldn’t stay and chat, not only was her bladder bursting but orders were also piling up one after the other as she could see thirteen people waiting.

“Hey Beth, I have to go back to the kitchen… Busy night,” Sam spoke, seeing Beth’s smile flip around. “I’ll see you at school?”

“You better show up, you and Trixie are the only fucking people keeping me there honestly,” Beth replied.

Sensing a minor meltdown incoming, Sam tried to quickly diffuse the situation.

“D-don’t worry, Dad’s not happy with me and he’s forcing me to go. I’m showing up whether I like it or not.”

“That’s good. He must really be looking out for you,” Beth smiled as she waved goodbye.

“No he isn’t” Sam said to herself, stopping herself from saying it out loud. There were still some things she didn’t tell her only two school friends yet but she thought she’d leave it for another time.

After she finished that, her urge subsided momentarily and she thought she better get back and check on Toby.

“You were quick this time, that’s a first,” he teased.

“I didn’t go, someone needed help, I took an order to the front and thought I’d come back to help you out.”

“I’m doing alright at the mome-” he paused as he looked over at the screen indicating new orders. In the short time she was gone, eight new orders piled up on each other.

“The manager’s right, this is going to be a busy night,” Sam stated.

For the next 40 minutes, Sam held out. If nothing else, it was an extraordinary kegel exercise, but she could feel the floodgates loosening. The only reason her bladder wasn’t visibly bulging out was because of her belly squish, a tasteful amount of chub around her breasts, hips, bum and thighs. At least Toby thought it was tasteful, taking an occasional glance over at his coworker. But he was greeted to more than just the sight of her voluptuous body. He also got his own private show. She was dancing, jiggling her hips and bottom, shaking in place. But she was resisting the urge.

Toby was resisting his own urge to keep looking, or worse, flirt with her. But he thought he could get away with a small drive-by comment.

“Sam, your little dance is cute and all but I think you better take care of it,” Toby teased.

Sam gasped out loud, not out of disgust from what he said but that her pee dance was visible.

“Go! Don’t let anyone hold you up this time.”

Toby was very understanding of her situation, and was very thoughtful in spite of orders smothering them both to death. But perhaps it was her lack of concentration that caused a particularly bad schedule this time.

Sam didn’t wait, she took the opportunity to get to the back rooms and drain herself in the staff toilet. As she was pacing to the back, a coworker pulled out a warm tray of fries and knocked it right into her belly. For the brief second it collided with her, it burnt, but that wasn’t the issue. It knocked her already bursting bladder. It was the same coworker who insulted her earlier.

“S-s-sorry!” she muttered. She was clearly spoken to by the manager, otherwise she wouldn’t have been as apologetic, and for that Sam was thankful.

Sam buckled forward slightly, but it wasn’t her belly she clutched, it was her crotch. She then quickly made it to the backroom. But all of a sudden, the room went sideways. She discovered very quickly that it wasn’t the room going sideways but her, as she slid over the oil spill that she didn’t clean up in a rush to the bathroom.

“Ahh! Shit!” she yelled ironically, because that wasn’t the need this time.

On her back on the floor, sprawled out and as helpless as a misplaced tortoise, she grabbed the handle of the bin to pull herself up. But in doing so, the bin and all of its contents were released onto the floor, creating a messy havoc of burnt chips, chicken, and other disposed food items. She couldn’t care less. She felt a few droplets stain her panties, and with all the tumult she’d caused, she felt like giving up, pissing her brighter-than-white jeans, conceding defeat and sitting in the puddle of her failure, but she was more determined.

Finally, she swung the door open violently, closed it without a thought of even locking it and she had one more battle before releasing a waterfall that would put Niagara to shame. Her jeans, and her big fat ass that wouldn’t let her pull them down in a timely manner.

“Oh my god, you fat bitch!” Sam yelled at herself, ripping her jeans and panties down simultaneously. Her large cheeks and embarrassingly long crack were exposed, but not her vagina, and thus, urethra. One final tug down revealed everything, and without further hesitation, she unleashed hell.

With her legs having been crammed together, and her pussy not fully parted, she bent over the toilet and let the shear force of her pee forced her chubby little pissflaps aside as an explosive shotgun spray of urine droplets saturated the toilet seat, her calves and the floor. And subsequently, once the initial blast opened her lips wipe, they ejected a sickening stream of liquid gold. And it began refracting, further spraying the toilet seat and the floor. She gasped loudly with relief as her jet stream poured out of her at an angle almost perfectly perpendicular to her partly squat legs. It wasn’t the toilet bowl getting the brunt of her lemon essence, it was the seat and the lid behind it, which reflected her stream back out at every conceivable angle but the toilet bowl.

Sam didn’t care, she could feel the base of her calves getting wet, she could see a small puddle welling up around the toilet’s base. But the ecstasy and relief was so great, she didn’t care. Her massive backside, with her scrunched up anus, loosening from the pressure of her piss although not needing to go itself, would have made for a disgusting sight as a stream of bright yellow finally started slowing down, and the remainder of it finally settling into the bowl, where it should have been going. Finally, only a dribble, followed by drops were extracted out of her worn bladder. But just as she thought she was done, she cramped down a bit harder and let out another powerful short tinkle. And that was all.

Still bent over, she pulled off an ample sheet of toilet paper to wipe off her pissy vulva, from which she couldn’t believe so much fluid sprung from. She didn’t think one wipe was enough, so she got another. And finally, she was done. She slowly pulled up her jeans, still fighting with them to get them back over her fat bottom. But it was somehow easier to get them up, fighting gravity, than getting them down in desperation. A cruel trick of misfortune cast by the universe, she thought. But there was an even greater misfortune. And as she turned around, she saw her liquid misfortune on the floor, all over the bottom of her white jeans, which were now grey, the toilet seat, the lid, even the stockpile of toilet paper behind the toilet and some droplets on the walls.

And as she came to realize that the mess she caused wasn’t just all over the toilet but also an entire bin’s worth of contents all over the floor of the back room, as well as the orders piling up. There was only one way this night could end, and she knew it. But the one thing she could do was save her dignity. She got a handful of toilet paper and began cleaning. It was the only thing she could do to save face.

*003*2022-07-01 13:28

I've decided to keep a more consistent schedule. I will now aim to finish a chapter every four days. In terms of story scope, it's almost a third of the way done. As you can probably tell, this isn't a standalone story, and I fully intend to create many more stories after this one.

As for the next chapter, I'm glad you enjoyed it, and stay tuned in the next two days, but the next story's chapter is going to get a little shittier. The chapter after that will have some lemon cordial though, as well as intense desperation, just as long as you don't mind chocolate mousse to go along with it.

*004*2022-07-02 07:18

Hello once again. This chapter is very long, even for my standards. After this chapter, I will do my best to keep it succinct, so this is just a one off. I have crammed a lot of exposition into this one, but I hope the ending serves as a payoff for my world-building and character development.

Disclaimer:

If I haven’t made it perfectly clear already through world-building, the events that take place are in a fictional Year 13 ‘last chance’ school, so no one is below the age of 18 and, in fact, vary between the ages of 18-20, unless otherwise specified. This was an intentional creative liberty to ensure there would be absolutely no confusion.

This chapter will features minor poop desperation and poop but only a minor reference to pee desperation, so pee lovers, I think you can safely skip this one.

3k long chapters will not be a recurring theme after this, and a reminder for anyone who is here purely for fetish material, Ctrl + F is your friend. Finally, I'm aware of an unrealistic character interaction that made even myself cringe while re-reading it, but I decided to keep it in as it wasn't wildly unbelievable and it's fiction after all. We're allowed to let our minds wander.

Without further ado, I hope you enjoy Chapter Four, criticism and requests are encouraged and thank you very much for reading.

Chapter Four (3,395 words, Poop warning):

“I was let off…” she spoke, with small dried up black teardrops nearly down her chin. The little makeup she was able to wear made her sorrows seem far more tangible.

Her father gleefully took her unfortunate firing as an opportunity to finally force her hand.

“It seems you’re not cut out for work, not yet at least,” Jack replied. “Or at least not flipping burgers.”

“Fried chicken… Not burgers.”

“Ok, does that make it any better? It’s still a minimum wage dead end job,” Jack stated. “So unless you want to marry a retirement plan like your mother thought she could, you’re going to school.”

“Says the man who thought he could marry a woman young enough to be his daughter,” a familiar feminine voice retaliated, taking both of them by surprise.

Sam and her father looked down the unlit hallway to see what looked like the queen of the vampires emerging from her crypt. And her aged yet seducing gaze sizing up to Jack’s abuse.

“Let it rest…” Jack replied. “Let Sarah rest.”

Jack looked over at his 19th anniversary photo with Sarah, taken two years ago. The mother of Jaden and Mick, who bore a striking resemblance to Sam, with the exception of her blonde hair.

“In fact, it begs to question why you even took us back. Is it because Sam reminds you of her?” she stated.

They could see the vein in Jack’s head about to burst, and soon his mouth surely would. But for once, he thought better, and retreated back into the kitchen. The boys long went to bed.

“Thank you mom,” Sam said. “I didn’t need his shit tonight.”

“I heard everything. Come, lets talk about it.”

Sam and her mother returned to their room. She listened to her daughter vent about the day’s events, including her accident.

“Toby sounds like a nice boy, do you think he likes you?” she asked.

“I-it doesn’t matter now does it, I’m fired. I don’t know if I’ll ever see him again, and I’m certainly not going back there just to make it happen.” Sam replied. “At least I managed to clean the piss up I guess. I was fired for not being at my station, not causing the mess. Thankfully no one discovered who tipped the bin over.”

They then talked about Jack coercing her to take up her education.

“I think you should go to school,” her mother conceded. “Just to keep him off your back for now.”

“Fine. I’ll do it. But I’m still going to look for another job,” Sam replied. “Maybe it’s a blessing in disguise, maybe I’ll find a better and more convenient place to work.”

“Your… Biological father is right about one thing though. You won’t make it through life in a dead end job, and you may want to find yourself a man. They’re not all pigs, I know it’s hard to imagine.”

“Today just fucked the one chance I had with one,” Sam replied. “I’m tired, lets just go to sleep, I’ll face him tomorrow.”

Sam closed the dividing screen between their parts of the room and laid on the bed. But she couldn’t sleep. And she knew it was inevitable. It would be a long weekend, and she knew that it was inevitable. She’d have to take school seriously. At least for now.

Getting off the bus, her harrowing second week at a school she’d already grown to hate began.

And of course, fashionably late. She was directed to an assembly. It was a small school, and there were tightly knit social groups. There were a few outcasts and pariahs who either didn’t want any friends or no one would accept them into their social circle, but they were very few.

In particular, she noted a very sulky, yet determined girl, slim, yet with the muscles of an ox and short hair, who stood as far from the assembly as she reasonably could. She also saw the contrast of two boys, one who was tall, with short dark brown hair and an incredible jawline, standing next to a scruffy looking boy with crazy, longer hair and thick glasses. Those boys never would have become friends if it weren’t for everyone’s shared predicament. They all fucked up year 12, everyone has their own reasons, but what’s important is that they’re all here now, and the headmaster finally came up to give a speech.

“Greetings year 13 students. I officially welcome you into the second week of-” it was at this point that Sam mentally blacked out and stopped listening. A while later, Sam felt a prod in her back. She looked around, but no one was behind her. She turned back around, was prodded again. She turned around once again, and then looked down.

“Hi!” Trixie squeaked.

Beth walked up to them with a smile. They greeted each other, overly excited, until a teacher came to calm them down. It was also at this point that they started paying attention to what the headmaster was saying.

“Society hasn’t given up on you yet, so equally, you must not give up on society,” he announced.

“Oh no not the dreaded S-word,” Beth stated.

“Society needs to be taken out of the dictionary, no one even knows what it means,” Sam added.

“How did that old skeleton become a headmaster again?” Trixie asked.

“The same way all headmasters are made, they’re exhumed bodies of old men unearthed from the ground, they throw on a suit and tie and they call it a day,” Sam muttered.

“This is your second chance. You are all delightful young men and women, I’m so fortunate to have already met many of you. Now, will you take this second chance firmly in your grasp?” the headmaster continued.

Sam smiled and whispered to Beth and Trixie, “I bet he’s taken a few young women firmly into his grasp.”

“SAM!” Beth laughed. “That is awful!”

“Don’t tell me you weren’t thinking the same thing,” Trixie added.

Sam noticed Trixie holding her stomach with her arms, leaning ever so slightly. She looked like she was about to be sick.

“Are you alright?” Sam asked Trixie. Suddenly, a loud stomach churn made itself known to them, as Beth faced her, eyes widened.

“What was that?” Beth teased.

“That was my tummy monster,” she smiled. “He’s getting very upset.” Trixie, with her pain subsiding, stood normally again, almost normally, she was clenching her legs and bum together.

“Is he hungry?” Beth asked.

“Oh it’s not hunger…” Trixie replied, until once again, a teacher demanded them to keep quiet.

Their shenanigans and jokes continued until assembly was over, at which point everyone, or almost everyone, attended their classes.

“Samantha,” a woman’s voice uttered as Sam was heading to the school gate. “Are you coming to math class?”

Sam turned to face a tremendously tall woman. Sam stood at an above-average 5’7, but her math teacher must have been well over 6 foot tall, and even being slim, she was built like a brick shithouse, with massive hips and an extremely inappropriately tight pencil skirt, barely containing her thunder thighs. Looking up wasn’t much better, as she had a white shirt, massive breasts and an unbuttoned blazer. She had sex appeal, intimidating sex appeal, in spite of being an older woman, and she had her long golden hair in a bun, ever so neat. She was so intimidating, that Sam couldn’t muster the courage to ask her to use her nickname, let alone refuse her in going to class.

So to class she went, and as engaging at the teacher was, Sam couldn’t help finding it a snooze-fest, finding algebra to be the most boring thing since paint drying. And everyone else in the class comprised of people Sam inherently hated without them even speaking a single word to her.

And no, there was no Trixie or Beth. But there was a more alternative looking girl with thick, long red hair that obscured her pale white face, a complexion so pale not even Sam’s makeup could best. And her clothes were all the more striking as well, but not much of her outfit was visible from where Sam was. She was intently writing. From a brief glimpse of her book, it didn’t look like algebraic equations though. This puzzled her, because she was paying attention in class.

“So Samantha, what would ‘x’ equal if ‘4y = 1x1y’ and ‘y’ is equal to 5?” the teacher asked suddenly.

“Oh uhh…” Sam wondered for a moment. “3, y would equal 3.”

“How did you come to that conclusion?” the teacher asked.

“Uhh, because if 4y = 1x1y then ‘x’ must be 3 to add it to 1 to make 4y?” Sam fumbled.

“Someone simplify it for her,” the teacher asked.

The girl with red hair spoke, “You subtract 1y from the left hand side of the equation, transforming 4y = 1x1y into 3y =1x, supplement 3y with the equation 3 x 5 and you get x, which is 15.”

“I asked you to simplify it not solve it but, oh well, lets try another one…” the teacher stated, writing up another equation in chalk.

“Wow, how did you do that?” one student said.

“It’s not that hard, this is shit you should have learned in year 9, not as an adult,” she retaliated.

Sam felt insulted, even though the insult wasn’t directed at her. From then on, it was plain to see why she was a loner and didn’t have any friends. The few days Sam saw her, she was always writing with pen to paper.

One student asked the teacher, “Why do you still use chalk? You could use anything else, like a touch screen like in science class, or even a whiteboard, why do you choose to use inferior technology?”

The red hot tempered redhead piped up again, “Why do you spend all of your life on your mobile phone? Why are you addicted to constant dopamine hits from social media? It’s probably the reason why you can’t solve basic algebra and you’re stuck here in adult daycare.”

The first comment got a few nasty comments hurled back at her, but this diatribe nearly got her lynched by half the class until the teacher intervened. But it was too late, one girl with blonde hair, a pink cardigan and white skirt went up to her. Sam thought she was familiar. And then it hit her, she was the same girl who was busting to pee after Sam was done last Friday. She grabbed her book and flung it across the room, landing right in Sam’s face. She took it off her face, not before glimpsing some of the words, ‘a vampire love story’ but was then cut short by the redheaded girl snatching the book from Sam’s hands and heading for the door, with her long black coat tailing behind her, leaving the classroom, slamming the door behind her. So it wasn’t math work she was doing at all, she was writing a little vampire romance story. It gave Sam a sick compulsion to want to read it.

At break time, Sam found Beth at the usual spot, as far from the school grounds as possible, while still technically being within the boundaries. At break time and lunch, it was permitted for students to leave the school bounds if they so wished, and many often did in search of the small mall’s takeaway shops and bakeries rather than the school’s cafeteria. But this was their spot, far from the school grounds next to an abandoned skate park and a very run down public toilet, which Trixie was coming back from.

“I’ll tell you what, it’s never a boring day here,” Beth stated. “Oh, and after school, someone pelted Markus and Rin with tomatoes, that’s how cringe inducing their anime stuff was on Friday.”

“Oh really? It might have been cringe-worthy but that doesn’t justify assault,” Sam replied.

“Assault? They were just tomatoes,” Beth replied. “It was pretty funny, even he laughed about it.”

“By the way, where’s Trixie?” Sam asked.

“She said to say she was… Dealing with her ‘tummy monster,’ and she’ll be back soon,” Beth ashamedly admitted.

“Uhh…” Sam muttered in confusion. “Tummy monster?”

“Ahh, much better,” Trixie announced unceremoniously, patting her belly. “That was a big one.”

Trixie was very small, standing at an almighty 4’11, she wore fishnet stockings under blue denim jeans cut to be short shorts, and she had messy pale platinum hair. She also had a small button up blue shirt that revealed the contour of her massive breasts. Ironically, in a stunning contrast to Beth, who was 5’9, and was slim, Trixie was the one with the huge boobs, and Beth had depressing little pancakes. Beth has stated on several occasions how envious she was of both Trixie and Sam. Sam insists that they are more of an obstacle than an asset, arguing that lots of boys prefer butts. Sam certainly isn’t lacking, and Beth has a wide berth as well, and Trixie has some cute little buns, accentuated by her shorts, which probably show a little too much cheek.

Speaking of asses, Sam thought it prudent to remind Trixie that discussing what came out of them was too much information, “Trixie… Can you not?”

“What? Ahh!” Trixie squeaked as Beth picked her up by the armpits like she was picking up a cat.

“All empty are you?” Beth teased.

“Put me down!” Trixie demanded. She refused. Suddenly, Trixie put her head out to Beth’s face, she bit her on the nose gently.

“Oh what!?” Beth panicked as she dropped Trixie. Both Trixie and Sam saw the blushing and embarrassment on Beth’s face, she tried desperately to hide it.

Speaking of embarrassment, Sam couldn’t fathom how Trixie was so open about her bowel movements. Just the mere thought of anyone else finding out about her dumps makes her soul feel violated, yet here Trixie is proudly announcing that she had a ‘big one.’

But Sam’s need also needed tending to. She felt her own poo brewing, and it has been ever since Friday, especially with all the unhealthy food she’s been eating, but she felt it could wait until the end of the day. For now, she just needed to piss. So she said she’d be back soon and walked to the dilapidated public toilet, littered with graffiti and illegible scrawling.

“Uh oh…” Trixie spoke aloud.

Sam went into the toilet, closed and locked the doors, but before she could prepare herself, she saw Trixie’s ‘tummy monster.’ There was a disgusting bowel python well over a foot long and extremely thick blocking the squat toilet. Her mammoth shit was pungent, and the texture was very gooey and sticky, very much unlike Sam’s poops, which were hard, constipated and knobbly. It was also a rich, dark, chocolatey brown on the bottom and a lighter orange-brown on the top, like a beef sausage half-cooked on the grill. But no one sane would equate the beast she let out to chocolate or beef, only someone with the greatest perversions would think such a thing. Just thinking of the anatomy of how this was coiled up inside Trixie’s intestinal tract seemed to puzzle Sam beyond any reasonable anatomical explanation.

Beth and Trixie heard Sam’s scream all the way from the park bench. They saw her running back out with her hand on her mouth.

“Did you like it?” Trixie asked.

“Didn’t it flush!?” Beth asked.

“Nnnnnnnope. The poor janitor’s going to have to fish that one out,” Trixie laughed, as her cheeks burned hot crimson. She wasn’t very embarrassed, but she still couldn’t help blushing over her criminal vandalism of public infrastructure.

Beth marched over to the toilet to feast her eyes on the toilet blocking monster Trixie stupidly attempted to flush.

“You’re going to look at it?” Sam asked. “What is wrong with you!?”

“It’s a famous show, don’t you know?” Trixie cheered. “Trixie’s Tricky Turd!”

Beth came back out of the toilet laughing uncontrollably. She buckled over in fits, with cheeks just as bright red as Trixie’s out of second-hand embarrassment, almost as if she let it out herself.

“My question is, how did that huge shit come out of this little belly!” Beth bullied, grabbing Trixie’s belly and tickling it.

“Ahh ahaha!” Trixie giggled. “Well… I did hold it for six days. I just couldn’t find a good opportunity to go, that’s all.”

Sam looked at both of them in disgust and said, “Both of you are fucking gross.”

“I’m gross? I’m not the one who murdered a toilet!” Beth kept chuckling.

Two boys were walking towards them and their common sense told them that discussing and laughing about poop probably wasn’t very appropriate in front of boys, even Trixie blushed at the thought of that, she liked to gross her friends out but that was it. The two boys looked like the familiar contrasting boys from assembly earlier that day, and she noticed them coming from the same public toilet. She didn’t notice them walking down the path though, unless they walked past while Sam was in there, witnessing the massive abomination that came out of Trixie’s small, ‘cute-sized’ butt. Either way, it was impossible that they didn’t hear at least some of the commotion.

“Hi!” Trixie called out to the two boys.

The one with glasses looked very shifty. He was clearly the more introverted type. The other one, who looked slightly unkempt but had a nice, masculine face waved and said hello back.

“Have you ever blocked a toilet before?” Trixie turned the air blue and the faces of the other girls red.

“Uhh, a few times I guess? Doesn’t everyone at least once in their life?” he said, while the bespectacled one was tugging on his arm to go, creeped out by the situations of girls talking literal shit, and Sam blushes at the prospect, as she’d blocked toilets far more than what he considers normal. “Why do you ask?”

“Do you want to see a clogged toilet?” Trixie asked. The situation was getting tense for both parties.

“What is wrong with you!” Sam snapped.

The gaunt boy pulled his face back, repulsed and replied, “Uhh, no not really, thank you. Maybe another time.” He forced a smile that was as see-through as an unwashed window.

“Why not, I put a lot of effort into it,” she giggled.

The other boy was long gone, giving up hope of convincing his insane friend not to talk to the girl talking about her poo.

“I’m Trixie, what’s your name?”

“I-I’m…” he stuttered, noticed his friend legging it. “I’m out of here.”

He caught up with his friend and they walked away. Sam and Beth both looked at Trixie was embarrassment and disgust, she went too far even for Beth.

“Nice job,” Beth stated. “How the hell did you get a boyfriend if that’s how you talk to boys?”

“Yeah, good job, that boy was kind of cute too, and now he’ll never speak to any of us ever again. Well done,” Sam added.

“It’s…” Trixie attempted to justify her brash, obnoxious behavior. “It’s the biggest hurdle to overcome in any relationship. Everyone talks about sex, that’s not a taboo anymore. If you can start talking about shit with someone, you can talk to them about anything. It’s an important stepping stone in any relationship.”

“That… That may be so, but it’s certainly not the first thing you talk about. Don’t get me wrong, I don’t mind, and Sam clearly does but can you be a little more discreet in the near future?” Beth plead.

“Ahh, ok,” Trixie replied. “Once both of you get boyfriends, you’ll stop caring about what boys think, then you can talk as much shit as you like, you’ll see.”

“N-no, I don’t care whether I have a boyfriend or not, I’m not going to tell strangers I just clogged a toilet and offered them to come and look at it,” Sam snarled.

Sam finished the conversation off by scuffling up Trixie’s hair, as if it wasn’t messy enough as it was.

The bell went, signalling everyone to go to their next class. They wouldn’t be able to continue their argument until lunch. And hopefully, not at all. Just like all shit, it should be buried for good.

*006*2022-07-03 05:52

{{5 hours ago, DerivativeWings said:

Neat series! I appreciate how open you are with what content is in which chapter, even though I'm good for whatever as long as it includes desperation. I also think you have a pretty unique writing style, which is a big plus in my book! Looking forwards to future chapters.

}}

Thank you, I believe transparency is very important. I'm well aware that the vast majority of Omarashi's userbase don't like brownies and are only here for the champagne. Ultimately, if someone accidentally stumbles upon 'The Chronicles of a Thick, Poop-shy Goth Girl *Poop Warning*' written by 'LiteralShtpost,' with a disclaimer saying I'm focusing mostly on pooping with a direct warning in each chapter indicator, there's really no excuse.

I'm glad you like my writing style but, honestly, I think it could use some improvement, just scrolling back up I can see lines and lines of dialogue. I seek to rectify this in the next chapter, where I'll be trying something new, with very little dialogue and rich, descriptive writing in its place. I seek to go back to my roots with the first chapter, which has no dialogue and was my best descriptive writing. The first chapter was intended for a teaser of what's to come though. The next chapter will also be sexually charged. This is also something I'll give a clear warning for and I'll have to update the tags. Don't fear when I say sexually charged, it's purely from the desperation and release, I will not be featuring 'scat play' in ANY of my writing, as I'm personally repulsed by it.

And I'll make a note to focus more on desperation, I'll see what I can do.

*010*2022-07-05 18:45

Hello,

The next chapter is now complete. And once again, this is purely a poop oriented chapter, so for lemonade enjoyers, I recommend you wait until the next chapter.

I thought I’d do something very new for this chapter. This chapter will contain strong sexual references and imagery, if you are uncomfortable with themes of sexual arousal during defecation and explicit imagery regarding the female anatomy, I recommend reading up until the warning I’ve placed within the chapter.

I understand that while Omarashi is a kink/fetish, I do understand and respect that it’s still different to ordinary sexuality, and if you don’t wish to see more writing like this, let me know. Outside of my colourful and, at times grotesque descriptions, I hope I’ve done it justice and haven’t gone overboard.

I hope you enjoy the filth I’ve written this time.

Chapter Five (2,045 words, Poop warning, Explicit Sexual Imagery):

Sam was doing better in science class than maths, justifying it that the equations she learned here were more useful than the esoteric nature of algebra. However, her concentration wasn’t fully directed to the short yet cute light-skinned teacher, who wore blue jeans and a non-descript shirt, showcasing small breasts. She had glasses and very puffy, crazy light brown hair. She had a very kind temperament though, everyone in the class liked her, it was nearly impossible to hate her, other than her odd quirk of elongating her words when she’s trying to think.

Every now and then, sitting on the stool, she would have to fight back against her own stool, which made the occasional nudge against her sphincter, cordially requesting to drop down to her anus. She refused every advance with a series of light clenching and sitting up straighter. What’s more, her bladder was a bit over half-full, because she couldn’t go at recess, because she couldn’t have possibly squat directly over Trixie’s masterpiece. She lightly jiggled to keep both needs in check. It was mostly unnoticeable, but Sam hated the stools, as a third of her backside was spilling over the sides of it, only kept in check by her tight black dress. She was thankful that everyone was able to wear free dress, it was certainly better than those stupid uniforms everyone was forced to wear in high school.

Trixie’s fingers made contact over Sam’s belly, as she squeezed down, uttering, “Squish!” Putting added pressure on her bowels and bladder, which were building up heavier and heavier.

“What was that for!?” Sam asked.

“I made a covalent bond with you, we exchanged atoms,” Trixie smiled.

“What do you mean?”

“I made you positive!” Trixie cheered.

“I’m sorry, you don’t have enough protons to make me positive,” Sam replied.

“That’s not quite how it works… Only electrons are shared,” Trixie corrected.

“I know, I’m just.. uhh, I’m not in the mood Trixie,” she vented.

The teacher walked over to their table as the class watched.

“It looks like these atoms have bonded a little too much, do I need to separate you?” she smiled.

“N-no, we’re inseperable!” Trixie panicked. “You can’t separate us, our bond is as good as gold.”

“Hmm, gold. From gold ore?” she pondered. “Hi gold ore, I’m cyanide and zinc.”

“Uh oh,” Trixie said, as the teacher grabbed the back of her chair and began wheeling her to another table. “That’s not fair!”

“Nice try, you can’t outsmart me though,” she mocked, as Trixie’s legs were just too short to reach the floor to stop her relocation. She was helpless.

The entire class, including Sam, laughed on at the teacher’s humorous method of dealing with their talking in class. And Sam was thankful to be left alone for the rest of the lesson, not that there was much longer left. Trixie pouted and perched her head up on her arms, the only thing keeping her jaw from touching the tabletop, frowning at the teacher.

“Come on, stay positive!” the teacher cheered as she scuffled Trixie’s hair. It did the trick, she lit right back up again.

Unfortunately, as Trixie’s company left, Sam’s turd started descending further down her colon, and it took a lot of effort to hold it back in. Holding back all the pressure was certainly a bowel workout. But something she couldn’t understand was how Trixie allegedly held in her shit for 6 days. It might have made sense if she didn’t eat very much and fasted a lot, but she eats like a horse, all day and every day. Combined with her tiny size, Sam thought she must have been exaggerating. The longest she’d ever gone without a poo, in recent memory at least, was 5 days, and it wasn’t fun, not for her, nor the toilet on the receiving end, which clogged. Sam began to recollect the times she clogged the toilet to, ironically, take her mind off pooping.

The toilet she clogged with a 5 day load was the home toilet. Unfortunately, not bothering to check whether it had flushed or not, she closed the lid and Jaden, her younger half-brother found it and reported it to gestapo Jack. Sam, in a panic, stupidly deflected the blame back on him. But no one bought it. When she went to see what she’d done, she saw her massive, unflushable product blocking the bowl, which was the culprit for the toilet nearly flooding over with water, as well as the toilet paper swirling around. It nearly blocked up the entire canal, it was just under 3 inches in diameter, it felt just as horrible pushing it out of her worn gut as it was looking back at it, with her brothers pointing and laughing at the toilet, with a smug smirk on her dad’s face.

But he wasn’t laughing when he got the plumbing bill. $220 wasn’t cheap for the plumber to unblock it, who insensitively remarked he’d never seen something that big come out of a woman, but no one, not even Sam wanted to put their hands in to break up or pull out the blockage. This is when Sam’s coprophobia truly began. She was always a stressed girl, and she’s had problems with constipation throughout her life, but this harrowing experience being humiliated by her immediate family made her want to crawl up and die. And ever since, what came out of her bottom became the butt of all jokes in the household for months after the event. It was a violent assault on her femininity and dignity. Even though there was no malice on their part, the combined laughter of Jaden and Mick, her brothers, stuck with her forever. She thought she’d never live down the shame.

This is when she decided to ‘go out’ more often. Sometimes she’d go out for some fresh air, but most times, she was out to find a public toilet to use instead of the home toilet. But when this wasn’t possible, she made sure that her bathroom visits at home, in the Western style toilet, were undiscovered, as quick as she could possibly make it and were thoroughly cleaned up, ensuring there was no blockage or stains in the bowl and that it didn’t smell. While stains weren’t a problem for her dehydrated, stiff logs, clogging was, and she always snuck in her personal butterknife into the bathroom with her. When it didn’t flush the first time, she would angrily cut it to pieces until its contents were disembowelled, muddying the water. After this, it rarely survived until a third flush.

However, on one occasion, she had to go very badly, but she found no opportunity to stealthily lay the colossal brick welling up inside her, especially as the nearest public toilet was out of order. Coming back home, frustrated and bowels aching from another 5 day poop, she knew she couldn’t push it into the toilet, and she had to endure the agonising abdominal pain of retaining it until night, and later still. At night, while everyone was asleep, she gently crept to the bathroom, slowly and quietly opening every creaking door, with gentle footsteps that wouldn’t disturb the wooden floorboards. As Jaden and Mick had to share a room, Mick wasn’t allowed to stay up, as much as he wanted to so he could play games, so neither of them were a worry at 3 AM. Once she made it to the bathroom, her relief still wasn’t in reach, closing the door, but unable to lock it as it was broken and remains broken to this day. Not even in the most intimate moments of dropping her logs, was Sam safe.

*Explicit sexual imagery and themes start here*

She started her ritual of blocking the door with the medicine cabinet, and laying down an ample amount of toilet paper onto the floor. Once the quickly laid catchment for her stool was laid, she stood over it, legs spread, and gently eased her large bottom over it, squatting down. She began pushing, but strangely, nothing came in spite of her intense urge. For nearly a minute, she kept squeezing, her bowels aching every second. Many deadly farts escaped the confines of her crowded gut, trumpeting a low pitched note, demanding the shit’s immediate release. And the smell was strong enough to kill.

But finally, success, with her anus bulging out like a dome as a massive, wide crown revealing black-brown nuggets emerged. A few rabbit pellets fell on the floor, each compacted shit nugget making loud thuds. And then the beast slowly emerged. Letting out a pained whimper and feeling her head get light, she slowly inched her bowel movement out. Once the apex of her thick turd head was out, so did the height of her pain as it forced her anus to widen 3.3 inches. But something else struck her. Pleasure. Immense pleasure and pain. As her bowels bulged, exerting their strength to rid her of filth, so did her clitoris. Just like the head of her shit, the little pink button of her womanhood poked out as her vulva engorged with blood, colouring her nether regions the most embarrassing shade of pink imaginable.

For the desperation she felt and the relief she badly needed, it was coming faster, but it was still crawling out of her at a snail’s pace, and her legs began to tremble. The hard, cobbly nuggets of her poo were pressing against every tender spot in her rectum and splaying her anus wide, stretching its elastic to breaking point. The rest of the turd was just as wide as the head, and compulsively, Sam put a finger in her pussy. She felt an exhilarating jolt as she firmly pressed her finger against the wall separating her cervix from her rectum, and she poked it harshly, feeling the jolt even stronger this time.

She verbalised a loud, desperate gasp and a loud moan, with pleasure so intense it felt like her entire pelvic floor fell out from under her. But her inhibitions got the better of her when she realised what she was doing; pleasuring herself to the act of defecating. She pulled her finger out and continued, but there was no need. It was out of her system. The masturbation caused her to feel such ecstasy that the several minutes it took for her to dump went by in a flash. She gently hovered over her log, struggling to get up, but she wasn’t done excreting. It was neither poop nor pee. A huge dollop of viscous clear-white goo sprawled out of her vagina and neatly topped her shit with her liquid embarrassment.

Bright red, and satisfied after sexual and fecal release, she looked down at her huge, unbreakable stool, wider than a soda can, and just an inch short of her forearm. And her anus was still yawning wide open, exhausted and revealing its squishy pink interior. She clenched shut and managed to close her prolapse, but it was still sore. She got to work, with great difficulty, breaking her turd into small chunks to flush down the toilet in intervals. She was hoping that the sound of multiple flushes wouldn’t startle anyone from their sleep.

Once her disembowelled monster shit was gone, she realized the horrid smell. The entire bathroom smelled like rot and death, and not even the air freshener could fight the battle against it. But after this, she went to bed, creeping back into the room without her mother noticing, still snoring. She had difficulty sleeping this night as her intestines were still throbbing with pain, overstretched and aching. She had to lie on her right side, which was her least favourite position, so that her descending colon could recover.

The next morning, everyone complained about the stench in the bathroom. But no one was the wiser to who it was, as Sam managed to sneak in and out undetected. Everyone was pointing fingers, everyone was the culprit. But no one discovered the disgustingly arousing night Sam had.

But Sam snapped out of her daydream of reminiscing on her poop-anxiety, and she realised the bell had gone. All but a few were left in the classroom, and Trixie had already left. It was time for lunch.

*012*2022-07-05 21:10

{{23 minutes ago, Ktpq said:

That was really good I can’t wait for the next chapter Sam pooping in the school toilets during lunch

}}

It looks like I have a fan, I'm glad you like it. Ask and ye shall receive. Next chapter's going to be a messy one. Will Sam be able to fight her urge, or will she have to make her deposit at school? In two days, I'll answer this question.

*015*2022-07-06 07:39

{{5 hours ago, Peefreak99 said:

I love this. I have an idea how about she gets so desperate that she ends up taking a massive dump in a naughty public place? Like a hallway or something

}}

In what way? In an exhibitionist kind of way where it's deliberate and she drops one in front of people or where she gets so desperate, she has to hide in a bush and let one go?

If it's the former, I'm sorry, Sam isn't the exhibitionist type. However, I might write a separate story about an exhibitionist girl who likes taking big dumps in public.

If it's the latter, I can't answer that question, you'll have to wait and see.

Very soon, I will begin writing other works, so I'll see what I can do about writing an exhibitionist poop vandal. I do intend to eventually get to wetting and messing, but it will only be minor. But I'll make a note to have at least one public accident for Sam, it's the least I can do.

*017*2022-07-07 12:28

Hello again,

Thank you for the kind words and anticipation for my next chapters. This time I'd like to bring you all something truly special.

I hope you enjoyed last chapter, I put a lot of work into it. But I’ve also put a lot of effort into this chapter. And I can finally see my own improvement showing through.

I’m starting to get back to what everyone’s here for, and thankfully, this chapter should have something for everyone. This chapter contains wetting, messing, farting, pee/poop, pee/poop desperation, embarrassment, and a touch of humiliation.

This is the most disgusting chapter I’ve written yet, and while it’s full of vile imagery and foul description, it should blend together to make quite a pleasantly gross experience.

After some mild exposition, I hope it’s worth it for the messy payoff.

You are truly welcome, and I hope you enjoy.

Chapter six (2,857 words, Poop warning):

Sam’s avoidance of her friends making a beeline to the toilet was put on hold as the awkward guy with glasses talked to her.

“H-hello,” he stuttered. He clearly wasn’t the social type. Neither was Sam, but even she wasn’t this awkward. “I saw you at break. I’m sorry we didn’t stay and chat but we had a… a uhh, project to finish.”

“Oh, that’s right, you’re in my photography class. Is that the project?” she asked.

“Well, not exactly…” he stated. “W-where are my manners, I’m Fergus.”

“Nice to meet you Fergus,” she smiled, his awkward demeanor was charming to her, probably because it made her feel better about her own awkwardness. “I’m Sam.”

“I was wondering it I could buy you lunch. I think we have a lot in common,” Fergus more confidently asked.

This request would have been immediately refused by Sam, but her stomach wasn’t just aching from her bowels, she was also hungry, and as bad as she felt if she’d said yes, she doesn’t have very much money, and the free food initiative the school set up looked less than appetizing, so she didn’t want to eat that either.

“I… That sounds lovely Fergus but…” she wasn’t entirely happy with the idea of taking advantage of him, but something more urgent made itself known as rock hard matter pressed against her sphincter. “I have to do something first.” She definitely had something to do alright, and she wasn’t going to admit to him what her disgusting need was.

“That’s a yes then?” he assumed. “I’ll wait for you at the cafeteria.”

Before she could utter a word of complaint, he left. She knew him well enough to trust him just by being in his class. But he hasn’t returned one of the school cameras ever since he took it the first day. She’s convinced that he must be really into what he does. But she hastily walked to the toilet.

Closed for maintenance.

Thankfully, at the exact moment she realized she couldn’t empty herself, not without walking to another toilet at the other side of the school, her stool crept back inside as if it knew it wasn’t the best time and calmed down, as did her bladder. She then decided to find another opportunity to go to the toilet by going to the cafeteria, surely that toilet would be available. Before she could actually find the toilet, as she wasn’t yet familiar with the school’s layout, even less so as she didn’t attend often, Fergus met her with a sandwich and a coffee.

“That was quick,” he said. “Here you go.”

He offered lunch to Sam, and there was no way she could disagree without seeming very rude, seeing that he’d already bought his own lunch at the table behind him.

“Oh you… Didn’t have to,” she said, unable to hide her smile.

“Please, I insist,” he added, sitting down.

She sat down with him, and she quickly unwrapped the sandwich, and was delighted to see an assortment of salad with cheese and ham.

“Oh god, I feel bad now, how much did this cost?” she asked.

“You don’t need to worry, money is no object to me,” Fergus replied. “It’s the least valuable currency to me. There are other, far more important currencies like trust, friendship and time.”

His words resonated with her. She couldn’t help but feel vulnerable as soon as he revealed his philosophical intellect to her, still waters seemed to run very deep with him.

“Wow…” she replied between huge mouthfuls of sandwich and big gulps. “I don’t know what to say… I mean money can be useful, you can’t deny that.”

“Oh of course,” he replied. “It’s just that it’s overvalued in our society.”

“Uh oh, you used the S-word,” she giggled.

“W-what do you mean? S-society?” he asked.

“It’s an in-joke with me and my friends, the S-word, ‘society’ it’s one of the most overused and undefinable words, that’s all,” she laughed. “Can you even describe what society even is?”

“Let me have a go. Society is the social construct of expectations, responsibilities and prejudices of and against a population and is thus perpetuated by said population. There.”

Her jaw dropped. And then she realized she had chewed food in it, and quickly closed it again. “Well you just described it a lot better than most.”

“And that was just off the top of my head,” he stated, but it seemed otherwise, almost rehearsed, speaking so fluently, it didn’t sound like he was the one talking, so different from his shy demeanor. “Aren’t you going to have your coffee?”

“Uh.. Oh! Yes, thank you,” she noticed, putting her hand on the lid, which wasn’t closed properly on one side. “I’m not really a coffee person.”

“You look like you could use one,” he replied, commenting on the black bags on her eyes, still partly visible through her makeup.

Fergus pulled down his thick glasses to reveal the black bags under his own eyes, and a long dark streak running down to his chin. “We are the sleepless ones. Welcome.”

“Oh, ahaha!” she chuckled. “Hey, they didn’t put the lid on properly.”

“Oh, d-did you spill it?” he asked as she refit the lid.

“No, it’s alright… Oh well, they must be having a busy day getting everyone’s lunch ready.”

“Ahh… Ahah, indeed,” he giggled nervously.

Sam looked around discreetly to see where the toilets were, but she didn’t find one. As she spied, she looked over at his friend, who was staring directly at her from a distance. His gaunt, arrogant and imposing stare took her by surprise.

“Uhh, why is your friend looking at me like that?”

“Fr-friend?” he muttered, looking behind his shoulder. “Oh, ahah, no, not uhh… He thinks I like you. Don’t worry! I just wanted to talk, that’s all.”

His comment relieved her. As good as he was to talk to, she didn’t fancy him. On the other hand, his friend and his imposing gaze made her a little giddy.

“Why doesn’t he come to join us?” she asked.

“H-he has to see Jessica… Uhh, that is… Mrs. Jefferson,” he corrected.

“Calm down, you can call her Jessica can’t you?”

“Most teachers are fine being referred to by their first names but Mrs. Jefferson prefers it the old fashioned way,” he replied.

“That’s strange.”

“We all have our preferred names, Samantha.”

Suddenly, Sam backed up a bit, judging him by suspicious eyes.

“Yearbook. I have a photographic memory. Don’t worry, I’m only trying to prove a point,” he stated.

“Oh… ok? I do prefer Sam though,” she berated. She was beginning to be creeped out by him. And just on queue, she finished her coffee. But as she did, she felt a strong churn in her stomach and she blushed from the uncomfortable feeling of her poo sliding down even further, and the pressure she had to exert on her bowels to contain it.

“Well… Thank you for lunch Fergus, that was very kind of you,” she said, this time forcing a smile and trying to hide her poop-induced blush, hoping he didn’t misconstrue it as her liking him.

“Don’t take it to heart, you’re a lovely girl,” he strangely spoke. “I didn’t mean to offend you. Oh, did you finish your coffee?”

“Yes, all of it, thank you!” she cheered after his flattering comment and cleanup of any misunderstanding.

“I’ll let you pop off then,” he bid farewell, quickly getting out of his seat, and going to meet his friend, who he walked off with.

It seemed his friend didn’t need to see Mrs. Jefferson, Sam’s math teacher, the tall, blonde and gorgeous mature woman, after all, but she wondered why.

“Sam!” a tiny voice cheered. “We were looking for you!”

Sam, unable to go to the bathroom, sat with Trixie and Beth at their usual spot. Not even the coffee could dislodge the incredible hold on her bowels, but she didn’t feel the urge to go when she was around people, a defense mechanism she built through lots of practice.

“Are you sure he doesn’t like you?” Trixie teased.

“Maybe that’s why he ran away,” Beth added.

“Maybe he popped a boner over your juicy hips!” Trixie fouled the air.

Beth started blushing and buckled over in fits again, even harder than when she saw Trixie’s toilet blockage. She tried to contain herself with her hands over her mouth but it wasn’t possible.

“I stand by what I said at break, you’re both disgusting.”

“Don’t worry Sam, you’re gorgeous,” Trixie reassured, sitting right next to Sam. “Besides, some boys love big girls.” she added, smacking her belly, making it wobble.

Trixie’s poorly timed jest was at the cost of Sam’s dignity and bowels, as she felt things beginning to move again.

“Trixie!” she yelled. “Stop!”

“Ahh… Ok, ok, sheesh.”

“Yeah, calm it down Trixie,” Beth said, getting up, hastily putting her arms around Trixie’s back and knees, lifting her out of the seat and lifting her up.

“Ahhh! Wait! Get off me!” she squealed.

“You’re on me!” Beth pointed out.

“No! Just because you’re tall and I’m tiny doesn’t give you permission to pick me up like a doll!” she protested, flailing her legs helplessly as Beth carried her off.

This gave Sam an opportunity. And suddenly, an extreme rush hit her stomach and bladder. Without warning, her shit, now feeling wet and sloppy rather than solid passed through her sphincter, and pressed up against her last line of defense, her anus. She got up, holding her bottom. She tried not to make her needs known, but Beth turned back, still holding Trixie and asked if she’s ok.

“I’m fine, I’ll be… back in a moment,” she responded, holding her legs together, her knees bound and her feet splayed.

Sam toddled over to the filthy, dilapidated public squat toilet, still holding her ass, clenching as hard as she could. But alas, her stool budged her anus opened and made contact with air. Sam awkwardly cat-walked, using her hips swaying to squeeze her butt cheeks together in an attempt to push her stool back up. Once she made it to the same toilet Trixie destroyed, there were two stalls. One was occupied. Strange, since no one ever usually goes here, as the path is a thoroughfare, which the toilet trails off from. But she discovered, horribly, that Trixie’s monster still hadn’t been fished out. And the gurgling in Sam’s stomach from her shit filled rectum signaled that there were only two places she could go, in her knickers, or in the blocked toilet, coiling her turd right next to Trixie’s. For a woman who valued her dignity and comfort, and who wasn’t afraid to be that close and intimate with shit, even if it wasn’t her own, made the obvious choice.

Sam held her ass with her hands, trying to add pressure onto her loosening anus. But after delaying for so long, disaster struck. Taking her attention off her bladder, it leaked, and she slowly tinkled down her pale-white legs, now the color of yellow-snow. And as the front end gave up, so did the back, as her prairie-dogging dump touched cloth with her panties. If the other stall’s occupant didn’t know she needed an urgent dump, now they do as a deep, desperate pffffffft tromboned out from her backed up rectum. The only thing keeping her farts and stiff-headed shit in was the fact that it was hard, and the remaining strength in her tired bowels, though it was her cheeks turn to clench now. Her chubby ass cheeks were the only thing stopping her from filling her panties with four days of greasy takeaways and disgusting convenience food like mac and cheese. She thought it was disgusting when she ate it, she’d hate to imagine how it would be coming back out.

Sam went in, closed the door, locked it, pulled down her huge black panties, now damp with a brown smudge, and squat. Shortly after endowing the floor and basin with a burst of gushing piss, in midair, the shit came out, and, acting like a cork, the huge, lumpy head of crud – likely comprised of the huge cheese and meatball sandwich she had last week – forced her anus wide open and was jet propelled into the toilet by an explosion of mushy, wet shit as well as the loudest fart she’d ever let escape. The shit-cork collided with Trixie’s log with a splatter. She put on a very audibly entertaining shitshow for the next stall.

Her fat globs of sloppy poo poured into the basin, plopping one after the other in rapid succession, and while they came out, so did a barrage of gas, being muffled and unmuffled repeatedly by her passing stools, which sounded like a poop motorbike. Simultaneously, her piss-filled bladder began spurting uncontrollably outside the basin and all over the floor and the bottom of her boots. She could only cleanly empty one end, and, as anyone else would choose, she decided that piss was a little less messy to clean up. But with the state of this toilet, she didn’t think she’d bother, besides, it would slowly trickle off the concrete slab the toilets were situated on and nourish the grass behind it.

The mushy shit didn’t stop coming and after a large stool of loose, sloppy shit fell out and sploshed into the basin, it then began to get wetter, until a short, violent burst of pure liquid forced its way out of her arsehole and violently splat into her and Trixie’s combined filth, splashing little specs of shit everywhere, including a few on Sam’s ankles. A final sigh of relief widened her anus, blowing out a massive loud tune of gratitude.

“Ahh!” she muttered, getting some toilet paper to clean up.

Her piss was still going, and at last she angled the stream into the basin. But as she did, the forceful jet of her piss was disintegrating and breaking up her wet stools like a laser cutter carving cardboard, splashing droplets back up at her and her partly soiled panties. With her piss everywhere and an even bigger, unflushable pile of shit in the basin. Finally, after more than a minute of pissing like a racehorse, she wiped up and was thankful that she used the last bit of toilet paper and wasn’t unlucky enough to go without.

Sam stood up. But a growl in her stomach brought her to a squat again. A gurgling load of sludge poured out of her guts and finished with a loud gunshot fart, dislodging the residual shit stuck inside her with a bang. And after it was all over, she tended to her moist legs, wet from her wee and a few shit freckles. She wiped off what she could feel and see, but for everything else, she quickly brushed the back of her thighs and ass down aimlessly. Unbeknown to her, a few splats were still there. She then wiped down her knickers with some toilet paper. Most of the residual shit was gone, but a small brown streak still made itself known. She was happy that she hadn’t made a bigger mess and that her panties were black, so it was less visible.

She stupidly attempted to flush the toilet. She didn’t know what to expect. Now, the water, unable to leave the basin due to the blockage, made a massive muddy puddle in the toilet basin, with so much shit in it, it looked like the culminated buildup of five people, not two.

She left as soon as possible, and then she noticed the other stall, with the door still closed. She didn’t hear any noises in there. Perhaps it was just yet another one of the pranksters who likes to lock toilets from the inside and then slide underneath the door just to be a nuisance. But she was a little more concerned. She slowly crept up to the door, wondering if anyone was in there, hearing her embarrassing anal blowout, and if so, who was it…

“Ahahaha!” Trixie laughed, bursting into the bathroom.

“We could hear you outside!” she chuckled. “Do you feel better!? We thought you were going to die in there!”

Trixie then saw that the open stall was the same one she used. She walked in and took a good look at the monster pileup of hard, soft and liquid shit floating around in the squat toilet.

“HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!” Trixie burst into fits.

Sam nearly died from shame. She ran out of the toilet. She took a quick glimpse of Beth blushing, covering her mouth and trying to contain her laughter.

“Are you ok Sam?” Beth giggled. “S-Sam!?”

Sam didn’t talk to her, she just left. And this time, she wasn’t sticking around for the next class. Beth and Trixie had a great laugh at her expense, and after that, she didn’t want anything to do with them. She got a bus and decided to pay her step-dad a visit, who she referred to as her real dad, even though he wasn’t biologically related.

*020*2022-07-09 22:34

{{On 7/8/2022 at 6:19 AM, adambb said:

Loving the descriptive style can’t wait for the next chapter LS! Are we going to get a messing version?

}}

This did have some messing, as her log touched cloth, but a full on, messy outright pants shitting chapter is planned now. But without further ado, the next chapter is ready, so:

Hello everyone,

This one is going to be an exposition chapter. If you care about the story outside of fetish content, I encourage you to stick by and read it. Otherwise, be warned that this chapter doesn’t contain any Omarashi content, and you can skip it. But this chapter takes a darker turn, explaining some of Sam’s backstory, and will contain unsettling themes.

I’ve tried to make this chapter short, and, if nothing else, it’s a break for the next chapter, which will also be a calm chapter.

Disclaimer: This chapter contains themes of depression, self-harm (after the act) and mental illness. If you’ve suffered or know someone to have suffered these themes, you have been warned. And none of these themes are fetishized, I have been as careful as possible in writing respectfully and tactfully.

Thank you all for sticking with my story so far, I will continue to deliver my dirty content as I can, and once again, I hope you enjoy.

Chapter seven (1,208 words, Contains themes of post-self-harm, depression, mental illness, Exposition, feel free to skip):

Sam arrived at her step-father’s, and as usual, his housemate was at work. He lived further out, in the less desirable suburbs. But to Sam, it was home, and it was more homely than the middle-class suburban nightmare she was forced to get used to ever since her mother and step-father broke up over several disagreements. She was thankful that he stuck with her up until she was 18, so she could make her own choices.

“Hi dad!” Sam cheered.

“Sam… You know you can’t call me that,” he replied.

She regarded him as her real father, and he regarded her as if she were his own daughter. But, going onto 50 and balding, it was unlikely he would have his own child, and he didn’t want to. Whether it was a lie he convinced himself of or genuine contentment, he was happy with the way things were in his life. And he wanted his peace.

“I know John…” she said. “I’m sorry, another bad day at school.”

“You have been going then?” he asked.

Without telling him about the public toilet incident at lunch, she told him about her current strife with her father, and he’d surely find out about her truancy once again.

“Your mother’s right. You do need to keep him happy while you’re there,” John said.

“But… You know what he did to me,” Sam retaliated.

“You must never tell a soul about that, Sam, do you understand?” he replied.

The one person she thought she could turn to seemed to have turned his back on her, so her voice raised and her temperament worsened. But before she could yell at him, he explained more to her. He grabbed her arm and pointed at them. Thankfully they were faded, but to anyone paying close attention, it was clear.

As she ripped her arm back, he explained, “They won’t believe you. You’ve been to the hospital so many times, they have you on a mental health watch list for your… events.”

He tried to carefully explain to her that her own medical record was against her for the attempts she made against herself.

“Besides… There isn’t any evidence.” John added, as he got up out of the chair and headed to the kitchen. “Do you want a coffee?”

Sam nodded with strong intent. She didn’t want to touch another coffee ever again, as she was convinced that’s what made her need to expel her bowels urgently. She joined him in the kitchen.

“Another thing you need to take into account. You need to be the better.. woman,” John clumsily explained.

“Your father is an abuser, and probably an undiagnosed sociopath, but…”

“But what!?” Sam insisted on an appropriate answer.

“He has a lo-Had a loving wife. He has 3 kids, and he’s generously housing his ex-wife. And he has a cushy office job among the city elite,” he explained.

Sam only kept stewing.

“And you are a troubled young woman who has been into the psychiatric ward three times for threatening violence, self-harm, suicide and even all the above at once. You don’t attend school, and you’ve just been fired.”

“So that’s what you think of me,” Sam replied.

“No, that’s not what I think of either you or your father, but that’s what other people will see,” he explained.

She was mortified, but she saw her point.

“Your brothers were a witness to the threats you uttered, they saw your…” John said, pointing to her arm and thighs. “But they didn’t see what he did.”

“He must be very good at hiding his true self when others are around.”

John agreed, “Oh he is. And that’s why the best thing you can do is get out of there.”

“Where!?” Sam demanded.

Answering the question of where a troubled young woman who hates school and who doesn’t have a job can go wasn’t possible, and both of them knew it. John didn’t even pretend he had the answers for her, he kept silent.

“Can I stay with you?” she asked.

“That’s… Really not feasible,” he replied.

“I can’t!?” she panicked.

“You can. You can. You will never find yourself without a bed… But that bed will be a foam mattress in my room. And you’re a young woman, you need your space. I don’t have it. I’m sorry Sammy, if I could do something better, I would.”

She smiled to her childhood nickname. It’s what John called her when they first met. It took her a long time to get familiar with him, but when she did, she realized just how distant her real father was.

“Thank you…”

“But only if your last option is the streets…” he added. “You do have friends, maybe you can share a place with them?”

The thought of living with them was bad enough that she hadn’t even known them for that long, but it was even worse after them ridiculing her earlier that day.

“I’ll think about it…” she said.

“I know you want to stay here but I think you should go now,” John said. “The last thing I want is Jack showing up at my door.”

“Get your housemate to tell him to fuck off,” she insisted.

“That’s the problem. He did once. And Jack threatened to call the police.”

“For telling him to go away? How petulant,” Sam replied.

“No, calling the police to tell them his daughter was taken,” John reiterated.

“That might have worked two years ago. I’m an adult. That isn’t going to work,” she figured.

“You know he’ll stoop to any level, Sam,” he replied. “Hell, he might even accuse me of grooming you.”

Sam almost chuckled and replied, “How ironic.”

Sam bid her step-father farewell. She decided to go to town instead of straight back home. Jack wouldn’t notice her gone, especially since he wouldn’t even be home, working Monday to Thursday, leaving the boys with Sam’s mother, who reluctantly agrees, as part of the agreement of her living there, to pick them up from school and get them something to eat. Afterwards, she retreats back to her room so she doesn’t have to face her ex-husband.

Sam went to her favorite makeup shop. She was strapped for money and couldn’t afford much, but she was running out of eyeliner, and would feel naked without it.

“Just this thanks…” she dismissively stated, handing the item over.

“Hi Sam, how are you?” the cashier asked, remembering her name. Sam was a regular after all.

“Hi…” Sam said, looking at her badge, “Lindsay. I’m not too good honestly, this is all I can afford because I just got fired.”

“You were fired?” she gasped. “What for?”

“You know… Shithead boss,” Sam didn’t elaborate.

“Maybe you could work here?” Lindsay asked.

Sam snickered, “What? Here? I’d never land a job here.”

“Well, we are hiring. Besides, you’re very pretty.”

“I’m… pretty? Yeah, tell that to the boyfriend I don’t have.”

“Oh Sam, you need to stop being so negative,” Lindsay asked.

Sam took her eyeliner, thanked Lindsay, and then headed for the exit.

“Remember, whenever you want to apply, I’m sure we’d happily take you.”

Sam stopped for a moment to genuinely consider the request. But she brushed it off as a pipe dream.

*021*2022-07-10 07:51

Hello,

This will be another short chapter, so I’ve decided to release it early.

Everything’s building up to Chapter nine, which will be quite the spectacle.

This chapter has a bit of poop, but also pee. There isn’t desperation or much embarrassment in this one.

The next highly anticipated chapter will be coming a little later, and I do apologise for the wait, but it’s going to be the biggest chapter yet, and, without spoiling too much, there are going to be plenty of pooping shenanigans. Next chapter will also have ample pee as well, so for those willing to brave muddy waters, you will be gifted by the golden nectar you so crave at the shoreline of shit lagoon.

Expect a maximum of 4 days for the next chapter. I intend to carefully craft it into something truly special.

I hope you enjoy.

Chapter eight (1,649 words, poop warning):

Two weeks later

Closing the door behind her, Sam was finally able to empty her bladder of all the piss she’d been storing up all day. She found a new favorite time to use the school toilets amid her anxiety. After school. During this time, the school toilets were rarely used. With little traffic to the toilets as opposed to the school gate, which everyone rushed for, Sam took the opportunity to easy her big bottom onto the Western toilet’s seat, spreading her desperate pussy wide, with a little brown eye ready to watch everything. And she gently let her tinkle spray onto the porcelain white of the bowl. As quiet as she tried to keep it, her pussy couldn’t help but hiss as it sprayed out of her.

The reason for her needing to pee more was her higher intake of water rather than soda. And, properly hydrated, she’s found herself running to the toilet much more often. It has even helped to ease her constipation. Her stools weren’t so nuggety, compact and hard. But when she held off the urge to do the number 2, as was her shy disposition, it still dried out, waiting to be released from the tight hold of her rectum.

As she was pissing, she heard commotion in the next stall. A girl was verbalizing and swearing. After fighting with her clothes, she dropped on the seat, and only two second later, she heard the crackling of a long turd quickly rushing out of her anus, with the familiar sticky pops that sounded as a soft yet firm log slipped out effortlessly and without making a splash, meaning it must have been so big it hit water before it broke off. Sam began blushing red, even though it wasn’t her and she was just pissing. But it wasn’t the only place that turned bright red. Her urine stream began fluctuating. A little pink button made its blood engorged bulge known to Samantha. She felt disgusted.

In a sense, she not only felt a second hand sense of embarrassment but also relief, hearing the girl in the next stall empty her bowels. And a different urge attacked Sam. Before she even realized, she stimulated her vulva with her fingers, gently rubbing them, and then teasing her clitoris. She started getting a little too excited for comfort but then stopped as her inhibitions once again kicked in.

“Oh shit, I’m out of toilet paper. Do you have any?” the girl asked.

Sam kept quiet. Sam thought her voice sounded familiar.

“I know you’re in there, do you have any toilet paper?” she demanded.

“Oh ahh, y-yes! I’ll bring it in when I’m done,” Sam said.

Sam wiped her vulva, flushed the toilet, pulled her panties up and freshened herself up before getting one of the toilet rolls and bringing it to the door. When the girl opened the door, Sam froze. It was the weird redheaded girl who wore fancy dress every other day, staring back at her, with an expectant hand. And Sam gazed behind her to see a massive, smooth, dark reddish-brown python poking its head out of the bowl, nearly touching the rim of the toilet. It wasn’t very wide, but it was incredibly long. By the size of it, she’d been needing to get that out of her all day.

“What are you looking at!” she hissed as she grabbed the toilet roll. “Give me that, you insipid fool…”

Sam was taken back, she felt a sting of her infamous ire. She’d lash out at many students, and they would sometimes respond in kind, but the ones who did would later come to regret it. Not wanting to be in her bad books, Sam apologised. But as she did, the girl flushed and left immediately. She took what was quite possibly the quickest poo anyone had ever taken, especially for its size.

“I… I’m sorry. I just really needed a… Wee. I had to wipe myself dry,” the girl stated, either pretending she didn’t dump or gaslighting Sam into thinking she was seeing things.

“Th-that’s ok,” Sam said. “I-I’m Sam, what’s your na-”

But she was already off, her long, foot-length vampire dress tailing off behind her. And, when she left, out of a strange curiosity. Sam decided to look into the stall. When she lifted the lid, a massive, smeary stain was left behind. That girl might have been elegant and clean, but what came out of her made the toilet look like a murder scene.

“Hey Sam!” Trixie cheered.

Sam turned around, closing the lid, hoping she didn’t think she did it, or made the pungent smell that only just made itself apparent to her.

“Ooh, let me see,” Trixie invited herself.

“T-this wasn’t mine!” Sam stressed.

“I know, I saw the culprit run out in shame,” Trixie replied. “This was the work of queen bitch.”

“Trixie, that’s not nice!” Sam said.

“Neither is what she called me, ‘little bitch’ so it serves her right,” Trixie added. “Trying to act like her shit doesn’t stink.”

Trixie put her fingers over her nose once she got a whiff of the smell too.

“Beth and I wanted to ask you something…” Trixie asked.

Sam and Trixie left the toilets and met up with Beth, who was waiting outside. It was clear to Sam that she was followed after school and she didn’t appreciate it. No one else remained in the school building, other than the teachers, so it was obvious. Sam stopped talking to both of them for half a week until Trixie’s incessant attempts to break the ice worked. But Sam was still uncomfortable after their laughing fit at her shit, even if it was a combination blockage managed by her and Trixie.

“H-hey Sam!” Beth greeted. “W-we were wondering if you wanted to go hiking over the weekend.”

“Hiking? Are you kidding me…” she mocked. “Hang on, I’ve got to make a phone call.”

Sam got out her phone and called the manager of the job she was applying for. After dialing, they spoke.

“Hello, Apex Deliveries, we’ll ensure our transit times meet the height of your expectations!” he spoke.

“Hi, this is Sam.”

“What can I help you with Sam?”

“Y-you don’t remember, you told me to call you at 3, I’m applying for the job. Have you read my application yet?” she asked.

“O-oh… Oh! Yeah hang on, let me get straight to it, yes, you are… d-determined, skilled, uhh, timely, punctual…”

Sam began frowning, as it became clear that he hadn’t read it.

“You clearly haven’t read it, so, yes or no, do I have the job?” she impatiently demanded.

“Well, there’s a problem with that, your position was just filled. I got off the phone to him,” he replied.

“Why didn’t you say so! Waste of time,” she said.

“You said you’d call at 3!” he retaliated.

“I did!”

“It’s 3:08 now, if you’re over 5 minutes behind schedule, you aren’t fit for the job anyway, so goodbye!” he said, ending the call.

The cordial and polite call descended into hell until it unceremoniously ended with some grossly unprofessional conduct on the manager’s part.

“Didn’t go well?” Trixie asked.

Sam responded not with words, but a frown.

“You could also come and work with me at GrungeGear!” Beth offered.

“That poxy little punk clothes shop selling slut-wear and miniskirts so short your breakfast can be seen?” Sam asked. “I tried, and they said no.”

“I can put in a special word for you,” Beth added.

“Uhh… I told the manager she had about as much charm as a tart without filling,” Sam urgently stressed. “I don’t think she’ll take me even with your sparkling recommendation…”

Beth turned red and grimaced at Sam’s response.

“That’s all the more reason you should come on this hike with us!” Trixie insisted. “You need to get your mind off school and work.”

“A hike though?”

“I-it was my idea,” Beth confessed.

“Trixie’s idea of a day together is better than yours, and the last time we went with her, we stayed in her boyfriend’s filthy house all day while he locked himself in his cum cave screaming at his stupid fucking games and smashing his desk, making his bedroom sound like a construction site, what would the neighbours think?” she lashed, giving Trixie an earful and a verbal onslaught about her distasteful boyfriend.

“What did Trent ever do to you?” Trixie asked.

“Exist.”

Beth and Trixie took a step back as Sam pissed over the line of acceptable conversation.

“How can you date that grotty shit?” Sam asked. “He lives in his room playing games, and when he isn’t, he’s jacking off to those disgusting posters he has of naked girls with bright colored hair on the wall. Don’t tell me those are food stains again, Trixie, you know just as well as I do that those brown stains on the wall is his fucking cum!”

“My my! The language in here is shittier than the toilet I just had to clean!” the male cleaner said, walking out in his apparel carrying a bucket of soapy hot water and a mop.

“Oh, sorry!” Sam panicked. She got particularly carried away, she doesn’t usually vent like this in public.

“Jokes aside now, why don’t you go on home now? And take your potty mouths with you!” he joked.

Walking back home, before they got to the road where they would diverge paths, they came to an agreement.

“I suppose a hike isn’t too bad,” Sam said.

“It’ll be a bit of exercise, and you could us-” Trixie spoke before Beth’s hands closed her gob up.

“Really? That’s great. Remember to wear your hiking gear!” Beth cheered.

“You will only ever see me in tight fitting pants when I’m dead and you’ve decided to play dress-up with my cold corpse.”

*023*2022-07-15 04:45

Unfortunately, the next chapter is running late. I'm doing my best to finish it and perfect it within the next 3 days but at this very moment, and for the past few days, I've been unable to work on it. After this delay, I hope things will go back to normal.

Thank you to everyone reading and waiting in anticipation, I hope I will be able to deliver what you crave shortly.

*024*2022-07-19 12:28

Hello everyone,

The chapter is now finished, and I’m as proud as piss punch to serve the truffles and champagne up to you. Though the girls aren’t going to find truffles on their hike in this chapter, they’re going to be making them.

For pee fans, there will be plenty of opportunities for the girls to drain themselves. A long hike, in the midday sun drinking lots of water equals lots of pissing and lots of embarrassing moments, so if you can brave the mud curry, life will give you lemons.

This chapter comes with a warning of same-sex female sexual tension, so if you’re not interested in lesbian themes, the end of this chapter is not for you. This chapter also doesn’t feature wetting or messing, but it features near-messing/wetting if that’s just as suitable.

I can now confirm after this chapter that I’m more than halfway done with this story. There are only a few more scenarios I want to put poor Sam and her tired bowels through, as well as a grand finale, and then I’ll start writing different kinds of fiction with the same themes. In fact, expect a short-story independent of this story very soon. I am open to suggestions for what to write next, and I’m always open for criticism.

Finally, I must apologize for this delay. I’ll spare details, but I have been very busy in my personal life. Due to this delay, I can now anticipate from now on that there will be more delays. I will not over promise from now on and I will be more transparent on delays from now on. For the next chapters, expect weekly waits from now on. I’ll try not to deviate from the consistent schedule I’ve maintained up until now, but it’s inevitable that there will be more delays. Even though I do this as a hobby, I still take my schedule very seriously.

Thank you very much for reading, and as always, I hope you enjoy.

Chapter nine (5,835 words, Poop warning, strong sexual themes and references):

The weekend was finally here. And, strangely being the first to get up at 5 AM, Sam occupied the bathroom. She wasn’t ready to go last night and today marked her third day of not having a bowel movement. Even so, with it being due soon or the next day, she struggled.

“Hrrrrrrng!” she grunted, trying to get her log to move.

Her pink taint and anus were spread open, but nothing was coming. She knew she couldn’t poop on the hike, there wouldn’t be any toilets, and even so, she did not want her friends to know that she had to poop, not again, not after last time.

Trying to hurry up before anyone knew she was occupying the bathroom, in a bout of desperation, she shoved two black-fingernailed fingers. She pushed them up with little resistance as her straining made it wide, but she couldn’t feel anything but her fleshy rectum. No nuggets, nothing hard and malleable. Nothing. It seemed her bowel movement hasn’t progressed from her colon into her rectum yet. She didn’t brave her curious fingers any deeper up her guts. She even tried to masturbate her anus, thinking it would get her dump to slide down. It didn’t work.

She pulled her fingers out and looked at them in disgust. They weren’t dirty, but they were slimy from her anal oils. She wouldn’t like to admit it, but she felt good fiddling around in her asshole. But it was no use, she couldn’t poo.

She got up and flushed the toilet, even though nothing was in there, not even a trace of yellow. She then washed her hands. They agreed to meet up at 11 AM. Sam only got up so early so she could have a bowel movement. She tried to time them in such a way that she would be completely empty going on the hike. She went back into bed, dreading that something bad may happen.

She woke up and turned to the clock radio.

“Shit!”

Sam finally made it to town, where they agreed to meet up, thirty minutes late.

“Sam, where were you?” Trixie asked.

“Unconscious, sorry” she apologized.

“That doesn’t look very hiking appropriate,” Beth pointed out.

Sam was wearing what she usually wore. Her tight black dress, with her her chubby white thighs exposed. But at least her boots were appropriate.

“I’m going like this or not at all,” Sam stressed.

“I’m hungry, we should get something to eat first,” Trixie mentioned.

“Yeah, we should get chips!” Beth cheered, pointing at a dodgy looking corner takeaway store, with letters of its sign missing.

Sam couldn’t argue, especially since she didn’t have anything to eat. It wasn’t food that worried her, it was what it was going to turn into inside her digestive system. But she rationalized that if she didn’t need to go now, she wouldn’t have to until the end of the day, and she could hold out until then.

The troublesome trio sat at a table with their fries. They each had a drink. And Trixie bought Sam a water.

“Tastes funny…” she said.

“I think it’s mineral water,” Trixie pointed out.

“No it isn’t,” Sam said, reading it out loud as spring water. “It clearly isn’t spring water, it’s just tap water. Doesn’t matter, I could drink piss I’m so thirsty.”

Beth giggled. Trixie for some reason didn’t have the same humor, she just adamantly watched Sam drinking her water.

“Hey Sam,” Beth said, picking up a chip. She made plane noises and edged it to Sam’s mouth. Sam grabbed it and ate it. “What? No, that’s not how you’re supposed to do it.”

Sam grabbed three more chips and stuffed them down. She was delighted by salty, carbohydrate bliss, tasting the crunch of the canola-oil fried exterior and the soft, hot insides melting in her mouth. Sam would have said no to eating if they didn’t have chips, they were a guilty pleasure of hers, especially salty fries.

Beth blushed as she held up another chip to Sam’s mouth. This time, Sam obliged. But it wasn’t just the chip she bit down on.

“Yargh!” Beth squealed.

“I’m sorry, your finger looked like a chip,” Sam replied.

“Chips don’t have green fingernails Sam!”

Finally at the forest trail, the three girls started their hike. The trees were gargantuan, their trunks towered high above their heads, giving them all a paradoxical sense of fear and protection simultaneously. Sam was relieved. She didn’t feel the need to plant another tree to add to the forest. But her bladder was starting to feel very full. She wasn’t shy about pissing so much as she was shitting. She thought that the girls might give her privacy to quickly nip off to make a puddle, but she thought wrong.

“Hey, anyone else need to uhh…” Sam mumbled.

“Piss?” Trixie asked. “Yeah, I’m bursting.”

Before either of them could utter even a syllable of protest, Trixie’s light-blue short-shorts were down to her knees, and without bothering to pull down her fishnet stockings, she turned her cute little round butt facing towards Beth and Sam. Without even a word of warning, she burst a jet of steaming clear piss directly behind her while she bent over. Beth jumped out of the way, but Sam wasn’t so lucky, and her boots fell victim to Trixie’s release. It wasn’t a particularly cold day, in fact, it was warm, so it was a miracle the steam venting off her stream was so visible. But it wasn’t just one stream. Both her desperation and her fishnet stockings interfering with her urethral canal caused her urine to disperse not twice, not even thrice, but with four streams of varying strength spewing out from behind her.

Sam stepped back. Normally she would have been grossed out, but instead, she was mesmerized watching Trixie shamelessly unload her full bladder all over the place, it wasn’t even five seconds and she already saturated the forest floor with her essences. But then her stream grew stronger, as she lent forward even more. The four refracting streams converged into a huge beam of wee and a dribbling stream falling directly under her. Now well out of the way, not even Trixie’s urinary artillery firing 8 feet behind her could soak her friends and endow their shoes. Beth in particular was happy she didn’t get a golden shower, as she was wearing red converse shoes. Even a little bit of tinkle would have been a disaster for her. Even though they urged Sam to come in the appropriate gear, all of them wore their usual clothes.

They kept watching her little hiney, and her little pink eye right above her gushing stream of death stared right back at them, twitching and beginning to widen in response to all the pressure and exertion on her pelvis. Her stream was starting to fluctuate, and she couldn’t keep up the intense pressure to spray her waste everywhere for long. Finally, her arcing, steaming gush slowed down to a light piddle, and it slowly stopped further to a dribble.

“Wow…” Beth gasped in awe. “You really needed that.”

Suddenly, Beth walked up to her and gave her a smack on the tush. And she had a fat grin while she did it. Sam couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Beth just smacked her friend right across her bare ass, with all of her woman bits exposed. And her hand was a little too close central for comfort.

“Ahh! Do any of you two need to go?” Trixie asked, pulling up her denim shorts with a wiggle.

“Umm… Not yet,” Beth replied.

“Hey, uhh, shouldn’t we find a public toilet?” Sam stupidly mentioned, starting to feel an urge to piss and a very patient knock at the back door.

Both Beth and Trixie laughed. Sam realized very quickly why she became the subject of ridicule, as they’d walked 15 minutes into the forest, and were far away from the bus stop, let alone any proper public toilets.

“Just do it here, come on, we don’t mind,” Trixie smiled, as Beth gave her own pained smile with a blush.

“I-I’m fine,” Sam spoke.

“Oh you’ll have to go sometime,” Trixie replied. “It’s inevitable,” she made a foreboding statement.

Only another ten minutes into the trail and Sam’s bladder was critical. They occasionally stopped for rests, because Trixie and Sam knew very little about physical activity, with the exception of Beth, who often goes on long walks and does light exercise. And it was at one rest that Beth pointed it out.

“I like your little dance Sam,” Beth giggled, glowing bright red. “Umm, it looks like you better… Squat down and take care of that…”

“If I squat I’ll never get back up again,” she remarked.

Sam’s bladder was full to bursting, and she couldn’t hide it any longer. Despite being the least active among the group, she’s the one who wanted to keep walking the most, partly because walking distracted her from her tiring piss holder, and also because she wanted this hike to end faster so she could find a public toilet to tend to her back compartment, which wasn’t in need yet, but she knew after a long walk, it would get things moving much faster.

Sam couldn’t help it any longer. While standing tall, she clumsily put her hand up under her dress and parted her knickers to the side. After there was no obstruction, she let out a fat piss, pouring out from under her. A stream of dark yellow unleashed with a massive initial splash, hitting the forest floor with such force that it splashed back all over her boots. And her stream was incredibly heavy. It didn’t need to be a powerful stream for it to be impressive, as the crackling of her urinary bombardment endowing the mossy ground was louder than the birds chirping in the treeline. Her pinkening cheeks began showing, even through her light foundation.

She was embarrassed, but not as embarrassed if she’d exposed her wide arse or her fat pussy to her two friends, who didn’t seem to be thoughtful enough to give her privacy or look away. In fact, they were mesmerized. Beth in particular couldn’t keep her eyes off Sam’s jet stream. Sam was only barely holding her black panties away from the stream by her index finger precariously. Though her piss wasn’t exactly a stream towards the end, it was a bombardment on the dirt below with big explosive droplets. There was a very visible moist patch under Sam, as well as a puddle in the center, quickly being absorbed by the ground to nourish the soil with her vitamin-rich waste.

Once she was done, she tried to dry her pussy with a wiggle. But it was no use, her entire vulva and lips were saturated with her desperately needed tinkle.

“Uhh, Beth?” Sam asked, with her dress up, exposing her little pink with her hand reached out.

“Of course!” Beth stated coming up to her and reaching a tissue out to Sam’s underside.

Sam grabbed her hand and took the tissue out, “Ahh! Thank you!”

Suddenly it dawned on Beth what she was about to do, but Sam wasn’t wise to it. She attempted to dry her pussy for her. Beth looked rejected, but there was no wonder why.

“Beth… Did you just try to…” Trixie giggled.

Sam’s focus was only on getting her lady bits dry. Their conversation was background noise to returning to comfort, or at least as much comfort as possible after having a massive piss in front of her two keenly watching friends, who betrayed her dignity for a chuckle, just like the disheveled toilet where they laughed at the two-load pileup.

“All better?” Beth asked with a grin and pinkened cheeks.

“Yeah…”

They continued down the forest track and were now in the deepest part. But now Beth, jiggling around, flipping up her green-black flannel mini-skirt in desperation, clearly needed to drain herself. Or perhaps more, as she was also clutching her butt with her hands also.

“Hey Beth… Is it time?” Trixie asked.

“I… think so. Ask Sam,” Beth replied.

The two of them looked at Sam, and she didn’t know why.

“Do you have to get some weight off Sam?” Trixie smiled nervously.

“Is that a fat joke?”

A sudden realization about her full guts made her feel like she did have to get some weight off, or out, as it were. They had been walking the trail for over an hour now, and Sam have been moving a lot more than usual, it caused everything to descend much sooner than anticipated, and while she didn’t feel desperate, she would happily relieve herself right now if a public toilet were nearby. But there were only trees, and two very clingy companions with her. This mental block alone stopped her from even thinking of pooping.

“No, it’s weird... they should be working by now,” Trixie stated.

“What do you mean?” Sam asked.

Their attention was drawn to Beth, who squatted to the ground with her panties off in front of them with her legs spread out disgustingly wide. She looked up to Sam flustered and embarrassed, with her iconic pink cheeks now turning a shade of bashful scarlet.

“Trixie, lets give her some privacy,” Sam uttered, turning her back to walk away, beckoning Trixie to join her.

“N-no!” Beth yelped. “I-I want you to watch.”

“E-excuse me?” Sam asked, turning her head closer to Beth while still avoiding looking at her exposed underhalf and her particularly hairy bush, even more wild than the one they are now just hiking in and equally green.

“Wow, the carpet matches the drapes after all…” Trixie giggled.

“Please!” Beth insisted.

It was a mystery to Sam why Beth wanted her to watch her pee. But a morbid fascination, the impulse of her inhibitions and Beth’s almost lusty glare staring into Sam’s eyes convinced her to stay and watch. Sam instinctively knelt down by her side to watch while Trixie had a big grin on the sidelines.

“Thank you, please watch everything…” Beth begged, as she put her finger over her bush and spread her lips apart.

It was an incredibly vulnerable position Beth was in. She was awkwardly squat with her red-converse clad feet splayed while her legs were open beyond a 90 degree angle, directly facing Sam, while her pinky-purple lady lips were parted right underneath her hairy pubic-region, a faded dark-green, not as bright as her hair, with some brunette hairs showing. On the inside of her gaping labia was a burning hot pink, and a little button right on the top that seemed to respond to her fingers movements. Sam couldn’t take her eyes off. She didn’t want to look. She found her own sexuality to be morbid, let alone what Beth was enticing her into watching. But it was clear that for what ever psychological reason, Beth needed her to watch. And she didn’t say anything that could upset her.

Finally, after a whimper and a tummy rub, Beth’s pussy let out a very weak dribble of trickle. It stopped and started, while Beth stared directly into Sam’s eyes for every moment. Sam’s gaze was swapping from Beth’s hazel pearls to her little pink abyss and back again. Her pathetic tinkle came to a sudden halt, as droplets kept falling off her moistened labia.

“Can you hold my hand?” Beth asked, holding her hand out.

Without a word or thought of rejection, Sam held her hand out. And as soon as it was close, Beth clasped it tightly. She wasn’t about to let go. And after feeling Beth’s body jolt and convulse momentarily, she started weeing. This time with more force. Sam watched as her arc of lemon grew bigger, but not intense or messy, just a clean, directed and accurate stream from her urethra onto the soil below, forming a small waterfall, as they were perched on an incline. Sam surprisingly didn’t feel dirty watching her. It is a human need after all. But another human need she didn’t realize Beth needed right now was acceptance. Sam felt it herself. She always felt ashamed when she had to relieve herself, though it was mostly her bowel movements that caused this anxiety, and the vicious circle of her holding in her bowel movements, to blocking toilets, to being ridiculed, making her hold in her bowels etc.

Sam felt Beth’s maddeningly fast pulse through the tight grip of her hand. It wasn’t an intimacy she had experienced from anyone. Not from a cute boy, not even from her shattered family. She was very unfamiliar with touch, and the touch she was used to was her brothers rudely snatching things from her, the girls she got into physical altercations with through school and the… awful things her biological father did when her and her mother moved back in after his new wife and mother of her two brothers passed on. But she stopped thinking about these things. Watching Beth, now comfortable but still blushing as she did her wee, Sam felt an almost Buddhist zen. Surrounded and attuned by nature, the birds singing in the trees, the gentle breeze making the trees speak their leafy tongue and the splattering of Beth’s urine on the soil.

Finally, Beth’s tinkle slowed down. And she gave a glistening smile to Sam. She finally let go of her grip on Sam’s hand.

“Thank you,” Beth spoke. “But… But I’m not done.”

*Poop warning*

“You want me to keep watching?” But that’s too…” Sam asked.

Beth’s face fell to the ground in shame as she muttered, “Disgusting… I know.”

“That’s not what I meant…” Sam said.

“Please just watch.”

Trixie remained silent throughout the whole ordeal, watching them. She looked like she was about to burst out laughing but she was also smiling. It was as if she knew something that they didn’t. Sam was not prepared for this. She was even alright peeing in front of them herself, but pooing is something else entirely. She didn’t want anyone to know about her dumps. She wanted to pretend she didn’t even do that dirty thing. The thought that someone else would not only be comfortable doing it in front of her but wanting her to watch was taboo, lewd and unthinkable. But even in spite of this, Sam, now standing up to watch Beth let it out, reluctantly granted Beth’s strange wish.

“Hrrnng!” Beth stirred, rubbing her belly and leaning forward.

Sam was thankful Beth didn’t ask her to take a better view from behind, but her pussy was still visible, and the falling shit would have been visible as well. Sam didn’t think that today, she would be watching a shit coming out from under her close friend, but here she was. Beth was definitely going to do it. But her cheeks turned from scarlet to violet. Even her body was fighting against her desire to defecate, it seemed, in the present of two people, even if they were her accepting friends.

“I can’t go…” Beth spoke.

“Then… don’t,” Sam replied.

“But I want to, I’m…” Beth paused.

Finally breaking her silence, Trixie explained, “Sam, the reason we came here… It was for a lovely hike. But it was also because both of you need to get over your anxiety.”

“Our anxiety?” Sam asked.

“Yeah. Both of you are ashamed of your poops. And that’s not healthy,” Trixie stated.

Sam’s cheeks and face burnt up, slicing through her light white foundation, which was already dampened by mild sweat.

“What?” Sam paused. “You mean you brought us out here to… Shit in front of each other?!”

“It was Beth’s idea, I just insisted we do it,” Trixie added.

“I’m quite happy with how I manage… My needs... thank you,” Sam fumbled.

Beth, unable to poop, got up and put her panties back up, but not back on all the way.

“Sam, we’re very sorry about laughing at you,” Beth confessed.

“We weren’t laughing at you, we were laughing at the pile-up,” Trixie added.

Sam felt a pang of guilt and shame for how she destroyed that toilet, especially paired with the news that one of the cleaners recently quit.

“Sam… I have anxiety when I poop too, so it was awful for me to laugh,” Beth admitted.

“But, you’re so outgoing, boyish and extroverted, I don’t understand why you’d be shy about pooping,” Sam wondered.

“I know. It’s a paradox. I can’t poop in public. Whenever I can, I take care of it at home. And that isn’t always possible with my irritable bowel syndrome,” Beth elaborated. “I hope you don’t think it’s too much information. But I thought we could get over our anxiety together.”

Suddenly, a big rush struck Sam’s guts. Without even feeling the warning signs, she felt an urgent shit banging on her back door. Impulsively, she braced and clutched her stomach. She was visibly uncomfortable.

“That took a long time to work,” Trixie giggled.

“Did… Did you give me laxatives!?” Sam yelled. “I thought that water tasted off!”

“I might have put something in there to make you poo-poo,” Trixie confessed.

Sam buckled over, feeling waves of desperation hitting her bowels. But they were strong enough to hold. Even so, she pulled her panties to the side, so if she failed, her mudslide would plop onto the ground below and not into her panties, not again.

“I’ll kill you, you little bitch!” Sam impotently threatened.

“There are plenty of places to hide a dead body here, but first you better deal with that swelling in your tummy,” Trixie said.

Beth looked into Sam’s eyes intently.

“Trixie… This isn’t working,” Beth plead. “Neither of us can go.”

“You aren’t innocent,” Sam muttered. “Trying to get us over our ‘poop-anxiety’ by spiking us with laxatives and making us shit in front of each other? What kind of stupid idea was that.”

“The hike was Beth’s idea, the laxatives were my idea,” Trixie admitted. “I had to make sure both of you were going to do your business. I needed to give you both a little encouragement.”

Beth looked ashamed, she was nearly on the verge of tears. Sam was furious. She did not what to upend her guts in front of her two traitorous friends. She knew they were trying to help, and Beth was suffering the same embarrassment and anxiety as Sam did. But she was determined to not give in to her sphincter’s demand to relax itself.

“I am not pooping in front of you,” Sam stated.

“It’s not hard!” Trixie yelled. “Look. Look at this, this is how simple it is!”

Trixie did the unspeakable.

Trixie turned her butt to Beth and Sam, who froze. She pulled her shorts, white panties and fishnet stockings all the way, completely exposing her bare little bottom. She pulled off her shorts and panties and placed them beside her, but she pulled her fishnet stockings forward so they weren’t in the way. She bent over completely and stuck her butt out.

“I thought you two might have some difficulty,” Trixie said. “So I decided to bake my own loaf.”

After a loud, long fart howled out like a beast’s warcry from Trixie’s round little pooper, her pink butthole widened to reveal a huge light brown head of filth. She was indeed pinching a serious loaf. It seemed Trixie’s bowel bakery was open for business, and she was cooking up something big and nasty.

“Trixie! We can see what you had for breakfast!” Sam stressed.

“That’s the general idea.”

After a girly little grunt, Trixie heaved, buckled over even further and started to unspool a wide and long sticky turd, which was a rich caramel brown, and the texture was smooth and gooey. The elastic of her pink anus was stretched wide as the head of her tummy snake, just over 2 inches in diameter slithered out of her guts. It very quickly descended down, well past her knees, and it remained unbroken.

“Wow, that Psyllium husk really did the trick,” Beth commented.

“I have to admit, it ached a lot brewing this baby,” Trixie replied, turning her blushing face to see Sam and Beth with a long snake still dangling out of her bum.

Sam couldn’t take her eyes away. She noted the colour and texture of Trixie’s poo. She was almost jealous with how easy it was to pass, as well as how gooey yet consistent and firm it was. She started to imagine how it must have felt coming out. But this thought triggered her deeply hidden inhibitions, and she ceased thinking too deeply.

Trixie was standing, but her legs were slightly bent. Even so, in the record time of fifteen seconds, she went from having a full pink anus to growing a tail almost reaching the ground. Trixie took a break to catch her breath and relax momentarily from her exertion, and while she did, her snaking poo’s descent stopped. And after a little moan, it started again. It wasn’t stopping. Her huge belly coil just kept coming and coming, at such rapid pace too. And its thickness remained consistent throughout the entire excretion.

Sam’s attention was disrupted when she heard a whimper from Beth, right beside her. When she looked at Beth, her face was blood red, and she was fiddling with herself. She had her hand up her skirt, and it was obvious that she was masturbating.

“What are you doing?” Sam asked.

“Uhh, my underwear needed readjusting,” Beth replied.

This excuse didn’t seem satisfactory to Sam, but she didn’t push the point. Sam was beginning to think Beth had more than just anxiety about pooping. In fact, it seemed very suspicious that she wanted to bring them out here to do these shenanigans in the first place. Sam pondered about Beth’s more insidious purpose.

Meanwhile, Trixie’s snake hit the ground. Her bowel python was making contact with the ground while it was still inside her, and as it bent to start coiling up on the ground below, only then did it thin down from her anus, until it finally detached, leaving a clump of poop on Trixie’s spent asshole. The tail of the snake fell down and coiled itself into an unbroken, long coil right underneath her. But she wasn’t done. A final, thin baby snake poured out of her, very sloppy in consistency. It fell out and plopped down to join its mom, waiting below, taking the clump on her anus with it. But she was still dirty from her sticky expulsion.

“Beth,” Trixie asked.

As Trixie produced a wet wipe from her bag, she said, “Right behind you!” and went up to wipe her dirty ass.

“Beth, aren’t you going to let Trixie do that!” Sam questioned. But it was too late, Trixie’s eager fingers were slowly wiping up Trixie’s bottom with the wet wipe.

Sam questioned why Beth didn’t throw the wipe away, but her justification for saving the environment seemed like a good cover for why she wrapped it up and put it in a sealed plastic bag to put back in her backpack. It seemed she really did think this little hike through.

All three of them, including Sam, looked down to marvel at the poop Trixie produced.

“Snakes aren’t endemic to this area,” Sam said.

“They are now,” Trixie retaliated.

“Do you have a name for them?” Beth asked.

“Hmm… Slither and…” Trixie paused.

“Gut destroyer?” Sam asked.

“Yeah, that will do,” Trixie chuckled. “I wish I could measure it.”

“That looks like it completely filled your intestines,” Sam asked. “How long did you hold that in for?”

“Only two days, I took some Psyllium husk to make it a really big one, and it worked,” Trixie explained proudly.

Trixie managed to lower their guard and enticed them to explore their vulnerabilities. Both of them witnessed a massive snake crawl out of their friend’s ass, who was much smaller than them, but managed to produce a colossal turd. Both of them felt more emboldened. And if Trixie could drop her guts in front of them, they should be able to as well.

“I think I can go now,” Beth spoke. “I think I have to, it won’t wait any longer…”

Beth once more squat down, into her lewd leg-spread position. She was still blushing profusely, but she was emboldened. Suddenly, Sam pulled down her panties, squat down and joined her in her quest for bowel relief.

“You’re going to go too?” Beth asked.

“I’m only doing it for you,” Sam said, as she jiggled her legs, adjusting her posture and spreading her legs so that her poop could be seen by Beth and what little of her pussy could be seen between the fat of her thighs and pubic region. But even that wasn’t enough to hide her little pinky.

“You’re very curvy Sam,” Beth complimented.

“Just shut up and shit.”

They held each others hands. Both of them were still trembling and were uncomfortable with the situation. But they both wanted to help each other with their anxiety, even if this was a questionable was to do it.

Beth was the first to go, as a wet shart exploded from her ass with a long hissing fart. Sam’s eyes were once again alternating to her eyes and underneath her, expectantly awaiting what sounded like a messy, gassy shit.

Suddenly, a big, lumpy dark brown shit dropped out of her, followed by a forceful wave of sloppy, porridgy shit pouring out under Beth as her guts made sounds akin to a nearly empty ketchup bottle being squeezed and letting out only dripples and plenty of air. Her farts coincided with her emissions of sloppy poo. It was wet, and had plenty of visible nuts and seeds. Her bowels let out a veritable rainbow of poo, as some was dark brown and compact like the initial head, and it alternated between hazelnut and creamy light brown. Just as Sam thought she was done, she exploded, firing a shotgun volley of nuggets. Beth looked very embarrassed, she brought one of her hands up to her mouth in shame as Sam watched.

“It’s ok,” Sam reassured.

Sam kept watching her poo. But after a final release of some liquidy soft-serve and a big finishing fart as gratitude from her relieved ass, it was Sam’s turn. But before she could go, she noticed a fat drip of white slime dangling from Beth’s vagina. And it just hit Sam that it wasn’t just her that felt that way after excretion.

“That… Goo. What is that?” Sam asked.

Beth looked down, only to look back at Sam in disgust and embarrassment.

“That… Happens sometimes when I poo.”

“It happens to me too,” Sam confessed, even though something told her not to reveal this kind of information.

“Does it? Is it normal?” Beth asked.

“I think so. Anyway, it’s my turn.”

After some stressful pushing, it seemed Sam couldn’t do it either. In spite of her strong urge from the laxatives.

“I’ve been backed up for three days,” Sam admitted.

“That’s no good, you shouldn’t hold it for that long you know!” Trixie stressed.

“You can talk,” Beth replied. “You challenge yourself to hold it in for as long as your little guts can handle.”

“Yeah, my record is six days, I can’t quite cross over the finish line to seven days.”

Finally, movement. Sam’s bowels started to release their hold on the contents of her colon. And Beth watched in near glee as she watched the head of a densely packed nuggety shit emerge from Sam. Sam felt an unbelievable, intoxicating wave of shame and embarrassment. She felt Beth’s hand on her shoulder.

“You’re doing a good job Sam,” Beth spoke.

This reassurance worked, as Sam’s turd started coming out faster. It was very wide, as usual, splitting her ass apart. The line between pleasure and pain had long blurred with Sam, and all she could feel while she emptied herself was poo euphoria. A sharp jolt of pleasure from her vagus nerve urged her to push with all of her might, feeling her dirty hole widen to push her lumpy stool out. Suddenly, it felt like no one was there anymore, not even Beth, still holding her hand. She buckled over and moaned in pleasure as her monstrous poop started falling out of her colon. But it was propelled by a huge tail of sticky, gooey shit, much like Trixie’s earlier, and when it emerged, it was just as caramel in color, but definitely not taste. With an intense feeling of release, the massive thinning tailed stool shot out of her and plonked on the ground with a soft thud.

“Oh my god!” Beth spoke.

“Looks like those laxatives did the trick,” Trixie stated. “Did that feel good?”

Sam was in a state of near unresponsiveness, she was still getting over the pleasure that her fast, hard laxative induced dump gave her. And without a warning, a big drooping, sticky dollop of pure white goo was released dangling from her vaginal cavity.

Beth blushed a lustful, burning bright red.

“Sam, you had a… Woman moment,” Beth pointed out, finally snapping Sam out of her euphoric state.

Sam realized that just like Beth, she made a huge dollop of woman goo and dropped it all over her massive, wide log. Sam looked up to see Beth desperately and vigorously fingering herself.

“Beth!” Trixie urged.

“What the!” Sam said as she got up as quickly as her frame would allow, belaying her desire to wipe herself clean.

Beth went to town on her moist, pink pussy, still slick with the discharge of her womanly pleasure. Sam and Trixie could only watch as her slimy fingers mashed her hole and clitoris like she was speedrunning stuffing a turkey for Thanksgiving. And Sam and Trixie alike wouldn’t forget the moans and whimpers coming from her. Beth, whether ashamedly or not, was emanating sounds of primal arousal. And her clitoris and lips bulged with blood, coloring it dark vermilion.

Her strokes became faster, harder, and more vigorous, and with a final, violent burst of vigor, Beth erupted clear fluid all over her own shit as well as Sam’s. A burst of clear fluid even stronger than her urine burst out like a jet for a split second and covered their waste with her liquid femininity that not even her tomboyish demeanor could hide any longer.

Sam’s jaw was wide. She just watched her friend ejaculate over poo. Whether she just felt better after letting it out, watching Sam do one or watching Sam release a dollop of slime, she didn’t know the exact trigger of Beth’s furious masturbation. But Sam had a suspicion now as Trixie whispered in Sam’s ear to confirm it.

“Perhaps I need to tell you now,” Trixie whispered. “Beth likes women.”

