The Chronicles of a Thick, Poop-shy Goth Girl *Poop Warning*

Author: LiteralShtpost

*020*2022-07-09 22:34

{{On 7/8/2022 at 6:19 AM, adambb said:

Loving the descriptive style can’t wait for the next chapter LS! Are we going to get a messing version?

}}

This did have some messing, as her log touched cloth, but a full on, messy outright pants shitting chapter is planned now. But without further ado, the next chapter is ready, so:

Hello everyone,

This one is going to be an exposition chapter. If you care about the story outside of fetish content, I encourage you to stick by and read it. Otherwise, be warned that this chapter doesn’t contain any Omarashi content, and you can skip it. But this chapter takes a darker turn, explaining some of Sam’s backstory, and will contain unsettling themes.

I’ve tried to make this chapter short, and, if nothing else, it’s a break for the next chapter, which will also be a calm chapter.

Disclaimer: This chapter contains themes of depression, self-harm (after the act) and mental illness. If you’ve suffered or know someone to have suffered these themes, you have been warned. And none of these themes are fetishized, I have been as careful as possible in writing respectfully and tactfully.

Thank you all for sticking with my story so far, I will continue to deliver my dirty content as I can, and once again, I hope you enjoy.

Chapter seven (1,208 words, Contains themes of post-self-harm, depression, mental illness, Exposition, feel free to skip):

Sam arrived at her step-father’s, and as usual, his housemate was at work. He lived further out, in the less desirable suburbs. But to Sam, it was home, and it was more homely than the middle-class suburban nightmare she was forced to get used to ever since her mother and step-father broke up over several disagreements. She was thankful that he stuck with her up until she was 18, so she could make her own choices.

“Hi dad!” Sam cheered.

“Sam… You know you can’t call me that,” he replied.

She regarded him as her real father, and he regarded her as if she were his own daughter. But, going onto 50 and balding, it was unlikely he would have his own child, and he didn’t want to. Whether it was a lie he convinced himself of or genuine contentment, he was happy with the way things were in his life. And he wanted his peace.

“I know John…” she said. “I’m sorry, another bad day at school.”

“You have been going then?” he asked.

Without telling him about the public toilet incident at lunch, she told him about her current strife with her father, and he’d surely find out about her truancy once again.

“Your mother’s right. You do need to keep him happy while you’re there,” John said.

“But… You know what he did to me,” Sam retaliated.

“You must never tell a soul about that, Sam, do you understand?” he replied.

The one person she thought she could turn to seemed to have turned his back on her, so her voice raised and her temperament worsened. But before she could yell at him, he explained more to her. He grabbed her arm and pointed at them. Thankfully they were faded, but to anyone paying close attention, it was clear.

As she ripped her arm back, he explained, “They won’t believe you. You’ve been to the hospital so many times, they have you on a mental health watch list for your… events.”

He tried to carefully explain to her that her own medical record was against her for the attempts she made against herself.

“Besides… There isn’t any evidence.” John added, as he got up out of the chair and headed to the kitchen. “Do you want a coffee?”

Sam nodded with strong intent. She didn’t want to touch another coffee ever again, as she was convinced that’s what made her need to expel her bowels urgently. She joined him in the kitchen.

“Another thing you need to take into account. You need to be the better.. woman,” John clumsily explained.

“Your father is an abuser, and probably an undiagnosed sociopath, but…”

“But what!?” Sam insisted on an appropriate answer.

“He has a lo-Had a loving wife. He has 3 kids, and he’s generously housing his ex-wife. And he has a cushy office job among the city elite,” he explained.

Sam only kept stewing.

“And you are a troubled young woman who has been into the psychiatric ward three times for threatening violence, self-harm, suicide and even all the above at once. You don’t attend school, and you’ve just been fired.”

“So that’s what you think of me,” Sam replied.

“No, that’s not what I think of either you or your father, but that’s what other people will see,” he explained.

She was mortified, but she saw her point.

“Your brothers were a witness to the threats you uttered, they saw your…” John said, pointing to her arm and thighs. “But they didn’t see what he did.”

“He must be very good at hiding his true self when others are around.”

John agreed, “Oh he is. And that’s why the best thing you can do is get out of there.”

“Where!?” Sam demanded.

Answering the question of where a troubled young woman who hates school and who doesn’t have a job can go wasn’t possible, and both of them knew it. John didn’t even pretend he had the answers for her, he kept silent.

“Can I stay with you?” she asked.

“That’s… Really not feasible,” he replied.

“I can’t!?” she panicked.

“You can. You can. You will never find yourself without a bed… But that bed will be a foam mattress in my room. And you’re a young woman, you need your space. I don’t have it. I’m sorry Sammy, if I could do something better, I would.”

She smiled to her childhood nickname. It’s what John called her when they first met. It took her a long time to get familiar with him, but when she did, she realized just how distant her real father was.

“Thank you…”

“But only if your last option is the streets…” he added. “You do have friends, maybe you can share a place with them?”

The thought of living with them was bad enough that she hadn’t even known them for that long, but it was even worse after them ridiculing her earlier that day.

“I’ll think about it…” she said.

“I know you want to stay here but I think you should go now,” John said. “The last thing I want is Jack showing up at my door.”

“Get your housemate to tell him to fuck off,” she insisted.

“That’s the problem. He did once. And Jack threatened to call the police.”

“For telling him to go away? How petulant,” Sam replied.

“No, calling the police to tell them his daughter was taken,” John reiterated.

“That might have worked two years ago. I’m an adult. That isn’t going to work,” she figured.

“You know he’ll stoop to any level, Sam,” he replied. “Hell, he might even accuse me of grooming you.”

Sam almost chuckled and replied, “How ironic.”

Sam bid her step-father farewell. She decided to go to town instead of straight back home. Jack wouldn’t notice her gone, especially since he wouldn’t even be home, working Monday to Thursday, leaving the boys with Sam’s mother, who reluctantly agrees, as part of the agreement of her living there, to pick them up from school and get them something to eat. Afterwards, she retreats back to her room so she doesn’t have to face her ex-husband.

Sam went to her favorite makeup shop. She was strapped for money and couldn’t afford much, but she was running out of eyeliner, and would feel naked without it.

“Just this thanks…” she dismissively stated, handing the item over.

“Hi Sam, how are you?” the cashier asked, remembering her name. Sam was a regular after all.

“Hi…” Sam said, looking at her badge, “Lindsay. I’m not too good honestly, this is all I can afford because I just got fired.”

“You were fired?” she gasped. “What for?”

“You know… Shithead boss,” Sam didn’t elaborate.

“Maybe you could work here?” Lindsay asked.

Sam snickered, “What? Here? I’d never land a job here.”

“Well, we are hiring. Besides, you’re very pretty.”

“I’m… pretty? Yeah, tell that to the boyfriend I don’t have.”

“Oh Sam, you need to stop being so negative,” Lindsay asked.

Sam took her eyeliner, thanked Lindsay, and then headed for the exit.

“Remember, whenever you want to apply, I’m sure we’d happily take you.”

Sam stopped for a moment to genuinely consider the request. But she brushed it off as a pipe dream.

*021*2022-07-10 07:51

Hello,

This will be another short chapter, so I’ve decided to release it early.

Everything’s building up to Chapter nine, which will be quite the spectacle.

This chapter has a bit of poop, but also pee. There isn’t desperation or much embarrassment in this one.

The next highly anticipated chapter will be coming a little later, and I do apologise for the wait, but it’s going to be the biggest chapter yet, and, without spoiling too much, there are going to be plenty of pooping shenanigans. Next chapter will also have ample pee as well, so for those willing to brave muddy waters, you will be gifted by the golden nectar you so crave at the shoreline of shit lagoon.

Expect a maximum of 4 days for the next chapter. I intend to carefully craft it into something truly special.

I hope you enjoy.

Chapter eight (1,649 words, poop warning):

Two weeks later

Closing the door behind her, Sam was finally able to empty her bladder of all the piss she’d been storing up all day. She found a new favorite time to use the school toilets amid her anxiety. After school. During this time, the school toilets were rarely used. With little traffic to the toilets as opposed to the school gate, which everyone rushed for, Sam took the opportunity to easy her big bottom onto the Western toilet’s seat, spreading her desperate pussy wide, with a little brown eye ready to watch everything. And she gently let her tinkle spray onto the porcelain white of the bowl. As quiet as she tried to keep it, her pussy couldn’t help but hiss as it sprayed out of her.

The reason for her needing to pee more was her higher intake of water rather than soda. And, properly hydrated, she’s found herself running to the toilet much more often. It has even helped to ease her constipation. Her stools weren’t so nuggety, compact and hard. But when she held off the urge to do the number 2, as was her shy disposition, it still dried out, waiting to be released from the tight hold of her rectum.

As she was pissing, she heard commotion in the next stall. A girl was verbalizing and swearing. After fighting with her clothes, she dropped on the seat, and only two second later, she heard the crackling of a long turd quickly rushing out of her anus, with the familiar sticky pops that sounded as a soft yet firm log slipped out effortlessly and without making a splash, meaning it must have been so big it hit water before it broke off. Sam began blushing red, even though it wasn’t her and she was just pissing. But it wasn’t the only place that turned bright red. Her urine stream began fluctuating. A little pink button made its blood engorged bulge known to Samantha. She felt disgusted.

In a sense, she not only felt a second hand sense of embarrassment but also relief, hearing the girl in the next stall empty her bowels. And a different urge attacked Sam. Before she even realized, she stimulated her vulva with her fingers, gently rubbing them, and then teasing her clitoris. She started getting a little too excited for comfort but then stopped as her inhibitions once again kicked in.

“Oh shit, I’m out of toilet paper. Do you have any?” the girl asked.

Sam kept quiet. Sam thought her voice sounded familiar.

“I know you’re in there, do you have any toilet paper?” she demanded.

“Oh ahh, y-yes! I’ll bring it in when I’m done,” Sam said.

Sam wiped her vulva, flushed the toilet, pulled her panties up and freshened herself up before getting one of the toilet rolls and bringing it to the door. When the girl opened the door, Sam froze. It was the weird redheaded girl who wore fancy dress every other day, staring back at her, with an expectant hand. And Sam gazed behind her to see a massive, smooth, dark reddish-brown python poking its head out of the bowl, nearly touching the rim of the toilet. It wasn’t very wide, but it was incredibly long. By the size of it, she’d been needing to get that out of her all day.

“What are you looking at!” she hissed as she grabbed the toilet roll. “Give me that, you insipid fool…”

Sam was taken back, she felt a sting of her infamous ire. She’d lash out at many students, and they would sometimes respond in kind, but the ones who did would later come to regret it. Not wanting to be in her bad books, Sam apologised. But as she did, the girl flushed and left immediately. She took what was quite possibly the quickest poo anyone had ever taken, especially for its size.

“I… I’m sorry. I just really needed a… Wee. I had to wipe myself dry,” the girl stated, either pretending she didn’t dump or gaslighting Sam into thinking she was seeing things.

“Th-that’s ok,” Sam said. “I-I’m Sam, what’s your na-”

But she was already off, her long, foot-length vampire dress tailing off behind her. And, when she left, out of a strange curiosity. Sam decided to look into the stall. When she lifted the lid, a massive, smeary stain was left behind. That girl might have been elegant and clean, but what came out of her made the toilet look like a murder scene.

“Hey Sam!” Trixie cheered.

Sam turned around, closing the lid, hoping she didn’t think she did it, or made the pungent smell that only just made itself apparent to her.

“Ooh, let me see,” Trixie invited herself.

“T-this wasn’t mine!” Sam stressed.

“I know, I saw the culprit run out in shame,” Trixie replied. “This was the work of queen bitch.”

“Trixie, that’s not nice!” Sam said.

“Neither is what she called me, ‘little bitch’ so it serves her right,” Trixie added. “Trying to act like her shit doesn’t stink.”

Trixie put her fingers over her nose once she got a whiff of the smell too.

“Beth and I wanted to ask you something…” Trixie asked.

Sam and Trixie left the toilets and met up with Beth, who was waiting outside. It was clear to Sam that she was followed after school and she didn’t appreciate it. No one else remained in the school building, other than the teachers, so it was obvious. Sam stopped talking to both of them for half a week until Trixie’s incessant attempts to break the ice worked. But Sam was still uncomfortable after their laughing fit at her shit, even if it was a combination blockage managed by her and Trixie.

“H-hey Sam!” Beth greeted. “W-we were wondering if you wanted to go hiking over the weekend.”

“Hiking? Are you kidding me…” she mocked. “Hang on, I’ve got to make a phone call.”

Sam got out her phone and called the manager of the job she was applying for. After dialing, they spoke.

“Hello, Apex Deliveries, we’ll ensure our transit times meet the height of your expectations!” he spoke.

“Hi, this is Sam.”

“What can I help you with Sam?”

“Y-you don’t remember, you told me to call you at 3, I’m applying for the job. Have you read my application yet?” she asked.

“O-oh… Oh! Yeah hang on, let me get straight to it, yes, you are… d-determined, skilled, uhh, timely, punctual…”

Sam began frowning, as it became clear that he hadn’t read it.

“You clearly haven’t read it, so, yes or no, do I have the job?” she impatiently demanded.

“Well, there’s a problem with that, your position was just filled. I got off the phone to him,” he replied.

“Why didn’t you say so! Waste of time,” she said.

“You said you’d call at 3!” he retaliated.

“I did!”

“It’s 3:08 now, if you’re over 5 minutes behind schedule, you aren’t fit for the job anyway, so goodbye!” he said, ending the call.

The cordial and polite call descended into hell until it unceremoniously ended with some grossly unprofessional conduct on the manager’s part.

“Didn’t go well?” Trixie asked.

Sam responded not with words, but a frown.

“You could also come and work with me at GrungeGear!” Beth offered.

“That poxy little punk clothes shop selling slut-wear and miniskirts so short your breakfast can be seen?” Sam asked. “I tried, and they said no.”

“I can put in a special word for you,” Beth added.

“Uhh… I told the manager she had about as much charm as a tart without filling,” Sam urgently stressed. “I don’t think she’ll take me even with your sparkling recommendation…”

Beth turned red and grimaced at Sam’s response.

“That’s all the more reason you should come on this hike with us!” Trixie insisted. “You need to get your mind off school and work.”

“A hike though?”

“I-it was my idea,” Beth confessed.

“Trixie’s idea of a day together is better than yours, and the last time we went with her, we stayed in her boyfriend’s filthy house all day while he locked himself in his cum cave screaming at his stupid fucking games and smashing his desk, making his bedroom sound like a construction site, what would the neighbours think?” she lashed, giving Trixie an earful and a verbal onslaught about her distasteful boyfriend.

“What did Trent ever do to you?” Trixie asked.

“Exist.”

Beth and Trixie took a step back as Sam pissed over the line of acceptable conversation.

“How can you date that grotty shit?” Sam asked. “He lives in his room playing games, and when he isn’t, he’s jacking off to those disgusting posters he has of naked girls with bright colored hair on the wall. Don’t tell me those are food stains again, Trixie, you know just as well as I do that those brown stains on the wall is his fucking cum!”

“My my! The language in here is shittier than the toilet I just had to clean!” the male cleaner said, walking out in his apparel carrying a bucket of soapy hot water and a mop.

“Oh, sorry!” Sam panicked. She got particularly carried away, she doesn’t usually vent like this in public.

“Jokes aside now, why don’t you go on home now? And take your potty mouths with you!” he joked.

Walking back home, before they got to the road where they would diverge paths, they came to an agreement.

“I suppose a hike isn’t too bad,” Sam said.

“It’ll be a bit of exercise, and you could us-” Trixie spoke before Beth’s hands closed her gob up.

“Really? That’s great. Remember to wear your hiking gear!” Beth cheered.

“You will only ever see me in tight fitting pants when I’m dead and you’ve decided to play dress-up with my cold corpse.”

*023*2022-07-15 04:45

Unfortunately, the next chapter is running late. I'm doing my best to finish it and perfect it within the next 3 days but at this very moment, and for the past few days, I've been unable to work on it. After this delay, I hope things will go back to normal.

Thank you to everyone reading and waiting in anticipation, I hope I will be able to deliver what you crave shortly.

*024*2022-07-19 12:28

Hello everyone,

The chapter is now finished, and I’m as proud as piss punch to serve the truffles and champagne up to you. Though the girls aren’t going to find truffles on their hike in this chapter, they’re going to be making them.

For pee fans, there will be plenty of opportunities for the girls to drain themselves. A long hike, in the midday sun drinking lots of water equals lots of pissing and lots of embarrassing moments, so if you can brave the mud curry, life will give you lemons.

This chapter comes with a warning of same-sex female sexual tension, so if you’re not interested in lesbian themes, the end of this chapter is not for you. This chapter also doesn’t feature wetting or messing, but it features near-messing/wetting if that’s just as suitable.

I can now confirm after this chapter that I’m more than halfway done with this story. There are only a few more scenarios I want to put poor Sam and her tired bowels through, as well as a grand finale, and then I’ll start writing different kinds of fiction with the same themes. In fact, expect a short-story independent of this story very soon. I am open to suggestions for what to write next, and I’m always open for criticism.

Finally, I must apologize for this delay. I’ll spare details, but I have been very busy in my personal life. Due to this delay, I can now anticipate from now on that there will be more delays. I will not over promise from now on and I will be more transparent on delays from now on. For the next chapters, expect weekly waits from now on. I’ll try not to deviate from the consistent schedule I’ve maintained up until now, but it’s inevitable that there will be more delays. Even though I do this as a hobby, I still take my schedule very seriously.

Thank you very much for reading, and as always, I hope you enjoy.

Chapter nine (5,835 words, Poop warning, strong sexual themes and references):

The weekend was finally here. And, strangely being the first to get up at 5 AM, Sam occupied the bathroom. She wasn’t ready to go last night and today marked her third day of not having a bowel movement. Even so, with it being due soon or the next day, she struggled.

“Hrrrrrrng!” she grunted, trying to get her log to move.

Her pink taint and anus were spread open, but nothing was coming. She knew she couldn’t poop on the hike, there wouldn’t be any toilets, and even so, she did not want her friends to know that she had to poop, not again, not after last time.

Trying to hurry up before anyone knew she was occupying the bathroom, in a bout of desperation, she shoved two black-fingernailed fingers. She pushed them up with little resistance as her straining made it wide, but she couldn’t feel anything but her fleshy rectum. No nuggets, nothing hard and malleable. Nothing. It seemed her bowel movement hasn’t progressed from her colon into her rectum yet. She didn’t brave her curious fingers any deeper up her guts. She even tried to masturbate her anus, thinking it would get her dump to slide down. It didn’t work.

She pulled her fingers out and looked at them in disgust. They weren’t dirty, but they were slimy from her anal oils. She wouldn’t like to admit it, but she felt good fiddling around in her asshole. But it was no use, she couldn’t poo.

She got up and flushed the toilet, even though nothing was in there, not even a trace of yellow. She then washed her hands. They agreed to meet up at 11 AM. Sam only got up so early so she could have a bowel movement. She tried to time them in such a way that she would be completely empty going on the hike. She went back into bed, dreading that something bad may happen.

She woke up and turned to the clock radio.

“Shit!”

Sam finally made it to town, where they agreed to meet up, thirty minutes late.

“Sam, where were you?” Trixie asked.

“Unconscious, sorry” she apologized.

“That doesn’t look very hiking appropriate,” Beth pointed out.

Sam was wearing what she usually wore. Her tight black dress, with her her chubby white thighs exposed. But at least her boots were appropriate.

“I’m going like this or not at all,” Sam stressed.

“I’m hungry, we should get something to eat first,” Trixie mentioned.

“Yeah, we should get chips!” Beth cheered, pointing at a dodgy looking corner takeaway store, with letters of its sign missing.

Sam couldn’t argue, especially since she didn’t have anything to eat. It wasn’t food that worried her, it was what it was going to turn into inside her digestive system. But she rationalized that if she didn’t need to go now, she wouldn’t have to until the end of the day, and she could hold out until then.

The troublesome trio sat at a table with their fries. They each had a drink. And Trixie bought Sam a water.

“Tastes funny…” she said.

“I think it’s mineral water,” Trixie pointed out.

“No it isn’t,” Sam said, reading it out loud as spring water. “It clearly isn’t spring water, it’s just tap water. Doesn’t matter, I could drink piss I’m so thirsty.”

Beth giggled. Trixie for some reason didn’t have the same humor, she just adamantly watched Sam drinking her water.

“Hey Sam,” Beth said, picking up a chip. She made plane noises and edged it to Sam’s mouth. Sam grabbed it and ate it. “What? No, that’s not how you’re supposed to do it.”

Sam grabbed three more chips and stuffed them down. She was delighted by salty, carbohydrate bliss, tasting the crunch of the canola-oil fried exterior and the soft, hot insides melting in her mouth. Sam would have said no to eating if they didn’t have chips, they were a guilty pleasure of hers, especially salty fries.

Beth blushed as she held up another chip to Sam’s mouth. This time, Sam obliged. But it wasn’t just the chip she bit down on.

“Yargh!” Beth squealed.

“I’m sorry, your finger looked like a chip,” Sam replied.

“Chips don’t have green fingernails Sam!”

Finally at the forest trail, the three girls started their hike. The trees were gargantuan, their trunks towered high above their heads, giving them all a paradoxical sense of fear and protection simultaneously. Sam was relieved. She didn’t feel the need to plant another tree to add to the forest. But her bladder was starting to feel very full. She wasn’t shy about pissing so much as she was shitting. She thought that the girls might give her privacy to quickly nip off to make a puddle, but she thought wrong.

“Hey, anyone else need to uhh…” Sam mumbled.

“Piss?” Trixie asked. “Yeah, I’m bursting.”

Before either of them could utter even a syllable of protest, Trixie’s light-blue short-shorts were down to her knees, and without bothering to pull down her fishnet stockings, she turned her cute little round butt facing towards Beth and Sam. Without even a word of warning, she burst a jet of steaming clear piss directly behind her while she bent over. Beth jumped out of the way, but Sam wasn’t so lucky, and her boots fell victim to Trixie’s release. It wasn’t a particularly cold day, in fact, it was warm, so it was a miracle the steam venting off her stream was so visible. But it wasn’t just one stream. Both her desperation and her fishnet stockings interfering with her urethral canal caused her urine to disperse not twice, not even thrice, but with four streams of varying strength spewing out from behind her.

Sam stepped back. Normally she would have been grossed out, but instead, she was mesmerized watching Trixie shamelessly unload her full bladder all over the place, it wasn’t even five seconds and she already saturated the forest floor with her essences. But then her stream grew stronger, as she lent forward even more. The four refracting streams converged into a huge beam of wee and a dribbling stream falling directly under her. Now well out of the way, not even Trixie’s urinary artillery firing 8 feet behind her could soak her friends and endow their shoes. Beth in particular was happy she didn’t get a golden shower, as she was wearing red converse shoes. Even a little bit of tinkle would have been a disaster for her. Even though they urged Sam to come in the appropriate gear, all of them wore their usual clothes.

They kept watching her little hiney, and her little pink eye right above her gushing stream of death stared right back at them, twitching and beginning to widen in response to all the pressure and exertion on her pelvis. Her stream was starting to fluctuate, and she couldn’t keep up the intense pressure to spray her waste everywhere for long. Finally, her arcing, steaming gush slowed down to a light piddle, and it slowly stopped further to a dribble.

“Wow…” Beth gasped in awe. “You really needed that.”

Suddenly, Beth walked up to her and gave her a smack on the tush. And she had a fat grin while she did it. Sam couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Beth just smacked her friend right across her bare ass, with all of her woman bits exposed. And her hand was a little too close central for comfort.

“Ahh! Do any of you two need to go?” Trixie asked, pulling up her denim shorts with a wiggle.

“Umm… Not yet,” Beth replied.

“Hey, uhh, shouldn’t we find a public toilet?” Sam stupidly mentioned, starting to feel an urge to piss and a very patient knock at the back door.

Both Beth and Trixie laughed. Sam realized very quickly why she became the subject of ridicule, as they’d walked 15 minutes into the forest, and were far away from the bus stop, let alone any proper public toilets.

“Just do it here, come on, we don’t mind,” Trixie smiled, as Beth gave her own pained smile with a blush.

“I-I’m fine,” Sam spoke.

“Oh you’ll have to go sometime,” Trixie replied. “It’s inevitable,” she made a foreboding statement.

Only another ten minutes into the trail and Sam’s bladder was critical. They occasionally stopped for rests, because Trixie and Sam knew very little about physical activity, with the exception of Beth, who often goes on long walks and does light exercise. And it was at one rest that Beth pointed it out.

“I like your little dance Sam,” Beth giggled, glowing bright red. “Umm, it looks like you better… Squat down and take care of that…”

“If I squat I’ll never get back up again,” she remarked.

Sam’s bladder was full to bursting, and she couldn’t hide it any longer. Despite being the least active among the group, she’s the one who wanted to keep walking the most, partly because walking distracted her from her tiring piss holder, and also because she wanted this hike to end faster so she could find a public toilet to tend to her back compartment, which wasn’t in need yet, but she knew after a long walk, it would get things moving much faster.

Sam couldn’t help it any longer. While standing tall, she clumsily put her hand up under her dress and parted her knickers to the side. After there was no obstruction, she let out a fat piss, pouring out from under her. A stream of dark yellow unleashed with a massive initial splash, hitting the forest floor with such force that it splashed back all over her boots. And her stream was incredibly heavy. It didn’t need to be a powerful stream for it to be impressive, as the crackling of her urinary bombardment endowing the mossy ground was louder than the birds chirping in the treeline. Her pinkening cheeks began showing, even through her light foundation.

She was embarrassed, but not as embarrassed if she’d exposed her wide arse or her fat pussy to her two friends, who didn’t seem to be thoughtful enough to give her privacy or look away. In fact, they were mesmerized. Beth in particular couldn’t keep her eyes off Sam’s jet stream. Sam was only barely holding her black panties away from the stream by her index finger precariously. Though her piss wasn’t exactly a stream towards the end, it was a bombardment on the dirt below with big explosive droplets. There was a very visible moist patch under Sam, as well as a puddle in the center, quickly being absorbed by the ground to nourish the soil with her vitamin-rich waste.

Once she was done, she tried to dry her pussy with a wiggle. But it was no use, her entire vulva and lips were saturated with her desperately needed tinkle.

“Uhh, Beth?” Sam asked, with her dress up, exposing her little pink with her hand reached out.

“Of course!” Beth stated coming up to her and reaching a tissue out to Sam’s underside.

Sam grabbed her hand and took the tissue out, “Ahh! Thank you!”

Suddenly it dawned on Beth what she was about to do, but Sam wasn’t wise to it. She attempted to dry her pussy for her. Beth looked rejected, but there was no wonder why.

“Beth… Did you just try to…” Trixie giggled.

Sam’s focus was only on getting her lady bits dry. Their conversation was background noise to returning to comfort, or at least as much comfort as possible after having a massive piss in front of her two keenly watching friends, who betrayed her dignity for a chuckle, just like the disheveled toilet where they laughed at the two-load pileup.

“All better?” Beth asked with a grin and pinkened cheeks.

“Yeah…”

They continued down the forest track and were now in the deepest part. But now Beth, jiggling around, flipping up her green-black flannel mini-skirt in desperation, clearly needed to drain herself. Or perhaps more, as she was also clutching her butt with her hands also.

“Hey Beth… Is it time?” Trixie asked.

“I… think so. Ask Sam,” Beth replied.

The two of them looked at Sam, and she didn’t know why.

“Do you have to get some weight off Sam?” Trixie smiled nervously.

“Is that a fat joke?”

A sudden realization about her full guts made her feel like she did have to get some weight off, or out, as it were. They had been walking the trail for over an hour now, and Sam have been moving a lot more than usual, it caused everything to descend much sooner than anticipated, and while she didn’t feel desperate, she would happily relieve herself right now if a public toilet were nearby. But there were only trees, and two very clingy companions with her. This mental block alone stopped her from even thinking of pooping.

“No, it’s weird... they should be working by now,” Trixie stated.

“What do you mean?” Sam asked.

Their attention was drawn to Beth, who squatted to the ground with her panties off in front of them with her legs spread out disgustingly wide. She looked up to Sam flustered and embarrassed, with her iconic pink cheeks now turning a shade of bashful scarlet.

“Trixie, lets give her some privacy,” Sam uttered, turning her back to walk away, beckoning Trixie to join her.

“N-no!” Beth yelped. “I-I want you to watch.”

“E-excuse me?” Sam asked, turning her head closer to Beth while still avoiding looking at her exposed underhalf and her particularly hairy bush, even more wild than the one they are now just hiking in and equally green.

“Wow, the carpet matches the drapes after all…” Trixie giggled.

“Please!” Beth insisted.

It was a mystery to Sam why Beth wanted her to watch her pee. But a morbid fascination, the impulse of her inhibitions and Beth’s almost lusty glare staring into Sam’s eyes convinced her to stay and watch. Sam instinctively knelt down by her side to watch while Trixie had a big grin on the sidelines.

“Thank you, please watch everything…” Beth begged, as she put her finger over her bush and spread her lips apart.

It was an incredibly vulnerable position Beth was in. She was awkwardly squat with her red-converse clad feet splayed while her legs were open beyond a 90 degree angle, directly facing Sam, while her pinky-purple lady lips were parted right underneath her hairy pubic-region, a faded dark-green, not as bright as her hair, with some brunette hairs showing. On the inside of her gaping labia was a burning hot pink, and a little button right on the top that seemed to respond to her fingers movements. Sam couldn’t take her eyes off. She didn’t want to look. She found her own sexuality to be morbid, let alone what Beth was enticing her into watching. But it was clear that for what ever psychological reason, Beth needed her to watch. And she didn’t say anything that could upset her.

Finally, after a whimper and a tummy rub, Beth’s pussy let out a very weak dribble of trickle. It stopped and started, while Beth stared directly into Sam’s eyes for every moment. Sam’s gaze was swapping from Beth’s hazel pearls to her little pink abyss and back again. Her pathetic tinkle came to a sudden halt, as droplets kept falling off her moistened labia.

“Can you hold my hand?” Beth asked, holding her hand out.

Without a word or thought of rejection, Sam held her hand out. And as soon as it was close, Beth clasped it tightly. She wasn’t about to let go. And after feeling Beth’s body jolt and convulse momentarily, she started weeing. This time with more force. Sam watched as her arc of lemon grew bigger, but not intense or messy, just a clean, directed and accurate stream from her urethra onto the soil below, forming a small waterfall, as they were perched on an incline. Sam surprisingly didn’t feel dirty watching her. It is a human need after all. But another human need she didn’t realize Beth needed right now was acceptance. Sam felt it herself. She always felt ashamed when she had to relieve herself, though it was mostly her bowel movements that caused this anxiety, and the vicious circle of her holding in her bowel movements, to blocking toilets, to being ridiculed, making her hold in her bowels etc.

Sam felt Beth’s maddeningly fast pulse through the tight grip of her hand. It wasn’t an intimacy she had experienced from anyone. Not from a cute boy, not even from her shattered family. She was very unfamiliar with touch, and the touch she was used to was her brothers rudely snatching things from her, the girls she got into physical altercations with through school and the… awful things her biological father did when her and her mother moved back in after his new wife and mother of her two brothers passed on. But she stopped thinking about these things. Watching Beth, now comfortable but still blushing as she did her wee, Sam felt an almost Buddhist zen. Surrounded and attuned by nature, the birds singing in the trees, the gentle breeze making the trees speak their leafy tongue and the splattering of Beth’s urine on the soil.

Finally, Beth’s tinkle slowed down. And she gave a glistening smile to Sam. She finally let go of her grip on Sam’s hand.

“Thank you,” Beth spoke. “But… But I’m not done.”

*Poop warning*

“You want me to keep watching?” But that’s too…” Sam asked.

Beth’s face fell to the ground in shame as she muttered, “Disgusting… I know.”

“That’s not what I meant…” Sam said.

“Please just watch.”

Trixie remained silent throughout the whole ordeal, watching them. She looked like she was about to burst out laughing but she was also smiling. It was as if she knew something that they didn’t. Sam was not prepared for this. She was even alright peeing in front of them herself, but pooing is something else entirely. She didn’t want anyone to know about her dumps. She wanted to pretend she didn’t even do that dirty thing. The thought that someone else would not only be comfortable doing it in front of her but wanting her to watch was taboo, lewd and unthinkable. But even in spite of this, Sam, now standing up to watch Beth let it out, reluctantly granted Beth’s strange wish.

“Hrrnng!” Beth stirred, rubbing her belly and leaning forward.

Sam was thankful Beth didn’t ask her to take a better view from behind, but her pussy was still visible, and the falling shit would have been visible as well. Sam didn’t think that today, she would be watching a shit coming out from under her close friend, but here she was. Beth was definitely going to do it. But her cheeks turned from scarlet to violet. Even her body was fighting against her desire to defecate, it seemed, in the present of two people, even if they were her accepting friends.

“I can’t go…” Beth spoke.

“Then… don’t,” Sam replied.

“But I want to, I’m…” Beth paused.

Finally breaking her silence, Trixie explained, “Sam, the reason we came here… It was for a lovely hike. But it was also because both of you need to get over your anxiety.”

“Our anxiety?” Sam asked.

“Yeah. Both of you are ashamed of your poops. And that’s not healthy,” Trixie stated.

Sam’s cheeks and face burnt up, slicing through her light white foundation, which was already dampened by mild sweat.

“What?” Sam paused. “You mean you brought us out here to… Shit in front of each other?!”

“It was Beth’s idea, I just insisted we do it,” Trixie added.

“I’m quite happy with how I manage… My needs... thank you,” Sam fumbled.

Beth, unable to poop, got up and put her panties back up, but not back on all the way.

“Sam, we’re very sorry about laughing at you,” Beth confessed.

“We weren’t laughing at you, we were laughing at the pile-up,” Trixie added.

Sam felt a pang of guilt and shame for how she destroyed that toilet, especially paired with the news that one of the cleaners recently quit.

“Sam… I have anxiety when I poop too, so it was awful for me to laugh,” Beth admitted.

“But, you’re so outgoing, boyish and extroverted, I don’t understand why you’d be shy about pooping,” Sam wondered.

“I know. It’s a paradox. I can’t poop in public. Whenever I can, I take care of it at home. And that isn’t always possible with my irritable bowel syndrome,” Beth elaborated. “I hope you don’t think it’s too much information. But I thought we could get over our anxiety together.”

Suddenly, a big rush struck Sam’s guts. Without even feeling the warning signs, she felt an urgent shit banging on her back door. Impulsively, she braced and clutched her stomach. She was visibly uncomfortable.

“That took a long time to work,” Trixie giggled.

“Did… Did you give me laxatives!?” Sam yelled. “I thought that water tasted off!”

“I might have put something in there to make you poo-poo,” Trixie confessed.

Sam buckled over, feeling waves of desperation hitting her bowels. But they were strong enough to hold. Even so, she pulled her panties to the side, so if she failed, her mudslide would plop onto the ground below and not into her panties, not again.

“I’ll kill you, you little bitch!” Sam impotently threatened.

“There are plenty of places to hide a dead body here, but first you better deal with that swelling in your tummy,” Trixie said.

Beth looked into Sam’s eyes intently.

“Trixie… This isn’t working,” Beth plead. “Neither of us can go.”

“You aren’t innocent,” Sam muttered. “Trying to get us over our ‘poop-anxiety’ by spiking us with laxatives and making us shit in front of each other? What kind of stupid idea was that.”

“The hike was Beth’s idea, the laxatives were my idea,” Trixie admitted. “I had to make sure both of you were going to do your business. I needed to give you both a little encouragement.”

Beth looked ashamed, she was nearly on the verge of tears. Sam was furious. She did not what to upend her guts in front of her two traitorous friends. She knew they were trying to help, and Beth was suffering the same embarrassment and anxiety as Sam did. But she was determined to not give in to her sphincter’s demand to relax itself.

“I am not pooping in front of you,” Sam stated.

“It’s not hard!” Trixie yelled. “Look. Look at this, this is how simple it is!”

Trixie did the unspeakable.

Trixie turned her butt to Beth and Sam, who froze. She pulled her shorts, white panties and fishnet stockings all the way, completely exposing her bare little bottom. She pulled off her shorts and panties and placed them beside her, but she pulled her fishnet stockings forward so they weren’t in the way. She bent over completely and stuck her butt out.

“I thought you two might have some difficulty,” Trixie said. “So I decided to bake my own loaf.”

After a loud, long fart howled out like a beast’s warcry from Trixie’s round little pooper, her pink butthole widened to reveal a huge light brown head of filth. She was indeed pinching a serious loaf. It seemed Trixie’s bowel bakery was open for business, and she was cooking up something big and nasty.

“Trixie! We can see what you had for breakfast!” Sam stressed.

“That’s the general idea.”

After a girly little grunt, Trixie heaved, buckled over even further and started to unspool a wide and long sticky turd, which was a rich caramel brown, and the texture was smooth and gooey. The elastic of her pink anus was stretched wide as the head of her tummy snake, just over 2 inches in diameter slithered out of her guts. It very quickly descended down, well past her knees, and it remained unbroken.

“Wow, that Psyllium husk really did the trick,” Beth commented.

“I have to admit, it ached a lot brewing this baby,” Trixie replied, turning her blushing face to see Sam and Beth with a long snake still dangling out of her bum.

Sam couldn’t take her eyes away. She noted the colour and texture of Trixie’s poo. She was almost jealous with how easy it was to pass, as well as how gooey yet consistent and firm it was. She started to imagine how it must have felt coming out. But this thought triggered her deeply hidden inhibitions, and she ceased thinking too deeply.

Trixie was standing, but her legs were slightly bent. Even so, in the record time of fifteen seconds, she went from having a full pink anus to growing a tail almost reaching the ground. Trixie took a break to catch her breath and relax momentarily from her exertion, and while she did, her snaking poo’s descent stopped. And after a little moan, it started again. It wasn’t stopping. Her huge belly coil just kept coming and coming, at such rapid pace too. And its thickness remained consistent throughout the entire excretion.

Sam’s attention was disrupted when she heard a whimper from Beth, right beside her. When she looked at Beth, her face was blood red, and she was fiddling with herself. She had her hand up her skirt, and it was obvious that she was masturbating.

“What are you doing?” Sam asked.

“Uhh, my underwear needed readjusting,” Beth replied.

This excuse didn’t seem satisfactory to Sam, but she didn’t push the point. Sam was beginning to think Beth had more than just anxiety about pooping. In fact, it seemed very suspicious that she wanted to bring them out here to do these shenanigans in the first place. Sam pondered about Beth’s more insidious purpose.

Meanwhile, Trixie’s snake hit the ground. Her bowel python was making contact with the ground while it was still inside her, and as it bent to start coiling up on the ground below, only then did it thin down from her anus, until it finally detached, leaving a clump of poop on Trixie’s spent asshole. The tail of the snake fell down and coiled itself into an unbroken, long coil right underneath her. But she wasn’t done. A final, thin baby snake poured out of her, very sloppy in consistency. It fell out and plopped down to join its mom, waiting below, taking the clump on her anus with it. But she was still dirty from her sticky expulsion.

“Beth,” Trixie asked.

As Trixie produced a wet wipe from her bag, she said, “Right behind you!” and went up to wipe her dirty ass.

“Beth, aren’t you going to let Trixie do that!” Sam questioned. But it was too late, Trixie’s eager fingers were slowly wiping up Trixie’s bottom with the wet wipe.

Sam questioned why Beth didn’t throw the wipe away, but her justification for saving the environment seemed like a good cover for why she wrapped it up and put it in a sealed plastic bag to put back in her backpack. It seemed she really did think this little hike through.

All three of them, including Sam, looked down to marvel at the poop Trixie produced.

“Snakes aren’t endemic to this area,” Sam said.

“They are now,” Trixie retaliated.

“Do you have a name for them?” Beth asked.

“Hmm… Slither and…” Trixie paused.

“Gut destroyer?” Sam asked.

“Yeah, that will do,” Trixie chuckled. “I wish I could measure it.”

“That looks like it completely filled your intestines,” Sam asked. “How long did you hold that in for?”

“Only two days, I took some Psyllium husk to make it a really big one, and it worked,” Trixie explained proudly.

Trixie managed to lower their guard and enticed them to explore their vulnerabilities. Both of them witnessed a massive snake crawl out of their friend’s ass, who was much smaller than them, but managed to produce a colossal turd. Both of them felt more emboldened. And if Trixie could drop her guts in front of them, they should be able to as well.

“I think I can go now,” Beth spoke. “I think I have to, it won’t wait any longer…”

Beth once more squat down, into her lewd leg-spread position. She was still blushing profusely, but she was emboldened. Suddenly, Sam pulled down her panties, squat down and joined her in her quest for bowel relief.

“You’re going to go too?” Beth asked.

“I’m only doing it for you,” Sam said, as she jiggled her legs, adjusting her posture and spreading her legs so that her poop could be seen by Beth and what little of her pussy could be seen between the fat of her thighs and pubic region. But even that wasn’t enough to hide her little pinky.

“You’re very curvy Sam,” Beth complimented.

“Just shut up and shit.”

They held each others hands. Both of them were still trembling and were uncomfortable with the situation. But they both wanted to help each other with their anxiety, even if this was a questionable was to do it.

Beth was the first to go, as a wet shart exploded from her ass with a long hissing fart. Sam’s eyes were once again alternating to her eyes and underneath her, expectantly awaiting what sounded like a messy, gassy shit.

Suddenly, a big, lumpy dark brown shit dropped out of her, followed by a forceful wave of sloppy, porridgy shit pouring out under Beth as her guts made sounds akin to a nearly empty ketchup bottle being squeezed and letting out only dripples and plenty of air. Her farts coincided with her emissions of sloppy poo. It was wet, and had plenty of visible nuts and seeds. Her bowels let out a veritable rainbow of poo, as some was dark brown and compact like the initial head, and it alternated between hazelnut and creamy light brown. Just as Sam thought she was done, she exploded, firing a shotgun volley of nuggets. Beth looked very embarrassed, she brought one of her hands up to her mouth in shame as Sam watched.

“It’s ok,” Sam reassured.

Sam kept watching her poo. But after a final release of some liquidy soft-serve and a big finishing fart as gratitude from her relieved ass, it was Sam’s turn. But before she could go, she noticed a fat drip of white slime dangling from Beth’s vagina. And it just hit Sam that it wasn’t just her that felt that way after excretion.

“That… Goo. What is that?” Sam asked.

Beth looked down, only to look back at Sam in disgust and embarrassment.

“That… Happens sometimes when I poo.”

“It happens to me too,” Sam confessed, even though something told her not to reveal this kind of information.

“Does it? Is it normal?” Beth asked.

“I think so. Anyway, it’s my turn.”

After some stressful pushing, it seemed Sam couldn’t do it either. In spite of her strong urge from the laxatives.

“I’ve been backed up for three days,” Sam admitted.

“That’s no good, you shouldn’t hold it for that long you know!” Trixie stressed.

“You can talk,” Beth replied. “You challenge yourself to hold it in for as long as your little guts can handle.”

“Yeah, my record is six days, I can’t quite cross over the finish line to seven days.”

Finally, movement. Sam’s bowels started to release their hold on the contents of her colon. And Beth watched in near glee as she watched the head of a densely packed nuggety shit emerge from Sam. Sam felt an unbelievable, intoxicating wave of shame and embarrassment. She felt Beth’s hand on her shoulder.

“You’re doing a good job Sam,” Beth spoke.

This reassurance worked, as Sam’s turd started coming out faster. It was very wide, as usual, splitting her ass apart. The line between pleasure and pain had long blurred with Sam, and all she could feel while she emptied herself was poo euphoria. A sharp jolt of pleasure from her vagus nerve urged her to push with all of her might, feeling her dirty hole widen to push her lumpy stool out. Suddenly, it felt like no one was there anymore, not even Beth, still holding her hand. She buckled over and moaned in pleasure as her monstrous poop started falling out of her colon. But it was propelled by a huge tail of sticky, gooey shit, much like Trixie’s earlier, and when it emerged, it was just as caramel in color, but definitely not taste. With an intense feeling of release, the massive thinning tailed stool shot out of her and plonked on the ground with a soft thud.

“Oh my god!” Beth spoke.

“Looks like those laxatives did the trick,” Trixie stated. “Did that feel good?”

Sam was in a state of near unresponsiveness, she was still getting over the pleasure that her fast, hard laxative induced dump gave her. And without a warning, a big drooping, sticky dollop of pure white goo was released dangling from her vaginal cavity.

Beth blushed a lustful, burning bright red.

“Sam, you had a… Woman moment,” Beth pointed out, finally snapping Sam out of her euphoric state.

Sam realized that just like Beth, she made a huge dollop of woman goo and dropped it all over her massive, wide log. Sam looked up to see Beth desperately and vigorously fingering herself.

“Beth!” Trixie urged.

“What the!” Sam said as she got up as quickly as her frame would allow, belaying her desire to wipe herself clean.

Beth went to town on her moist, pink pussy, still slick with the discharge of her womanly pleasure. Sam and Trixie could only watch as her slimy fingers mashed her hole and clitoris like she was speedrunning stuffing a turkey for Thanksgiving. And Sam and Trixie alike wouldn’t forget the moans and whimpers coming from her. Beth, whether ashamedly or not, was emanating sounds of primal arousal. And her clitoris and lips bulged with blood, coloring it dark vermilion.

Her strokes became faster, harder, and more vigorous, and with a final, violent burst of vigor, Beth erupted clear fluid all over her own shit as well as Sam’s. A burst of clear fluid even stronger than her urine burst out like a jet for a split second and covered their waste with her liquid femininity that not even her tomboyish demeanor could hide any longer.

Sam’s jaw was wide. She just watched her friend ejaculate over poo. Whether she just felt better after letting it out, watching Sam do one or watching Sam release a dollop of slime, she didn’t know the exact trigger of Beth’s furious masturbation. But Sam had a suspicion now as Trixie whispered in Sam’s ear to confirm it.

“Perhaps I need to tell you now,” Trixie whispered. “Beth likes women.”

