The "Brave" Team Leader

Author: Splishy

*000*2020-09-21 21:25

Note: I’m very aware that if you’ve watched Steven Universe this doesn’t make a lot of sense character or lore wise, I just really like Garnet's design and wanted to do this. So if you’re looking for something that is kinda canon, this isn't it. I do hope you can enjoy it regardless and thanks for reading!

Somewhere within an icy mountain, a beam of blinding light blasted up from a circular stone deep within one of it’s twisting caverns. The cavern walls sparkled like crystals as the light reflected on the ice that covered them. As the shimmering light began to fade away, in it’s absences a large woman appeared upon a circle stone that sat in the cavern, serving as a form of transport.

The woman was over six feet in height and had a strange large cube shaped afro. Her body was covered in a skintight black and crimson bodysuit that almost looked vacuumed sealed to her skin. Through the suit one could easily see a well maintained physique, complete with a chiseled abs and powerful arms. Her lower half was as impressive as her top, being quite voluptuous with her buttocks being as large and wide as her cubic hair, complete with equally large and powerful legs.

She stood with a commanding and powerful pose, her hands resting at her hips. She appeared to be scanning the area she just warped to, but you couldn't tell by looking at her, as her eyes were covered by a large glossy visor and her large lips form a straight line, giving little expression or insight into what she was thinking. This imposing woman was known as Garnet, the leader of the rebellious space group known as the Crystal Gems.

The Crystal Gems fought for peace and freedom in the galaxy, against an oppressive regime that sought to destroy them. Unfortunately they were not a very large rebellion, so they needed every advantage they could get, which was precisely why Garnet was in a cold desolate cave. Somewhere with it was a powerful crystal known as the Shooting Star which had the ability to cause unbelievable destruction upon the slightest pressure. It would be an invaluable tool against their enemies and Garnet was determined to leave with it in her hands.

Usually Garnet was accompanied by a couple of her allies on her missions to obtain rare space artifacts but unfortunately her comrades were busy with another pressing situation today that required more than 2 hands, so naturally Garnet was nominated by her teammates to take the solo mission. After all, she was their cool, calm leader and arguably the most powerful member in the group.

Or at least that's what her teammates thought. However the truth of the matter was really quite different then it seemed. To her teammates, Garnet was like an immovable object. It seemed like nothing could phase her, and her physical form really helped sell the idea. She could always rise to the occasion, and do what needed to be done. Unbeknownst to her allies was that it all was a facade, held together by a few lies and lucky situations.

Her teammates often paraded her for tactical retreats or finishing off powerful enemies but they were nothing more than running scared and keeping away from monsters until they were too weak to hurt her. Doing this she was able to avoid a lot of shame and humiliation of her true self being revealed. Now that she was on her own she had nothing but herself, no allies to hide behind, or impress. It was simply her, and whatever this cave had in store for her.

As Garnet began walking down the long cold twisting cavern, one could quickly see her powerful exterior seemed to melt away. Her head darted around looking for danger, her mouth no longer made a stern face but instead a nervous pout. Her nerves were on edge more than usual. Much to Garnet's relief the ice tunnel was very bare, only populated by icicles and mounds of snow. If she was lucky, she just might be able to get out of this with no issues and appear to be the fearless leader her teammates knew her to be, but this fantasy didn’t last for long.

As she ventured deeper into the cavern she soon ran into a major obstacle. She had reached a dead end. The pathway was blocked with a thick sheet of ice and no way around. Garnet let out a frustrated sigh. Of course it couldn't be that easy. Not wanting to return empty handed Garnet put her hands into a fist and light began to admit from them. Within a few seconds both her hands were equipped with large bulky power gloves. She pulled back her arms and began wailing on the ice wall, striking it with all her strength.

Unknown to Garnet, with each of her powerful strikes, a few icicles above her began to loosen, inch by inch with each punch. The ice was taking very visible damage, cracking at her repeated point of impact. Winding up one final time, Garnet unleashed an extra powerful punch, shattering the ice wall before her. However the impact from the punch was too much for the icicles above her.

The icicles fell down around Garnet, smashing on the ground, much to her surprise. She let out a high pitched shriek as they landed, stumbling backward to get out of the way of danger. Her knees buckled and her mind went into a sort of panicked state. She didn't immediately notice the icicles so her mind raced with possibilities, mostly the fear of a monster attacking her. Suddenly fearing for her life Garnet's body let out an involuntary bladder spasm.Quick spurts of hot urine shot out, landing in her bodysuit, dampening her crotch.

By the time Garnet regained her composure and noticed how nonthreatening the source of the sound was it was far too late for her bodysuit. A very noticeable baseball sized piss stain now adorned the front of her suit. Garnet bit her lip, immediately feeling ashamed of her body's lack of control. Usually she was able to avoid small wettings like this, but it seemed being solo was really messing with her. For a moment she considered turning back but decided to push on, hoping the stain would dry out before she had to head back.

As Garnet progressed deeper into the tunnels it appeared to just be more for the same. Sheets of ice, thick cold walls, and dangerous icicles. On her third round of falling icicles and a few more close calls controlling her bladder, Garnet was just about ready to call it, but before she could make her decision, Garnet's worst fear about the solo mission began.

As she approached another sheet of ice she needed to get through she saw something she hadn't seen with the last few sheets. She saw something behind it. At first the woman just thought it was a large ice crystal. She had seen a few on her way here but this one seemed different. Although she could just make out its silhouette through the ice, it was much wider than her and even a few feet taller. She wound up her first to break through the ice sheet once more but right before she could she was taken back by something. The silhouette moved.

Garnet stumbled back from the ice sheet, letting out an audible gasp. She readied her fists for a fight, but her body was visibly shaking. Fighting a monster was the last thing she wanted to do on her own, without any backup from her team. From behind the sheet of ice two massive clawed hands crashed through it. The claws tore down the ice sheet, faster than Garnet could even imagine smashing it down with her fists. Out from behind came a massive ice monster, with a large sharp icicle filled mouth and hollow cold empty eyes. It took one look at Garnet and let out a shrill shriek. She wanted to run, but her legs wouldn’t move, she was frozen in fear.

Without waiting a second the ice monster bolted towards Garnet, slashing one of its giant claws at her. The threat of harm snapped Garnet out of her fear a bit, and she stumbled back out of the way, its claws inches away from her body. Her bladder spasmed again, her baseball sized urine stain quickly turning into the size of a basketball. Garnet could feel the warmth of her urine spreading down her thighs and around her lower buttocks, the heat emphasized by her cold location. Before she could even try and retaliate back at the beast, it quickly charged back at her, once again taking her by surprise.

Garnet prepared to dodge the monster's slashes again, but instead of swinging at her like she anticipated it kept charging at her, it’s arms wide open, ready to grab her. Barely able to react in time, Garnet locked her hands with the creature's large claws, stopping its assault momentarily. Garnet tried to overpower the ice monster trying to push it down, but the monster simply pushed back with great strength she could muster, slowly sliding her back. To make matters worse Garnet was now face to face with the monster, staring it right down.

Naturally, the monster showed no emotion but the one it could, furiosity. It’s large sharp mouth widened upon seeing Garnet up close, roaring with such force her hair blew back with its strength. Garnet on the other hand could not match its enthusiasm. Her lips were quivering in a large frown and behind her visor her eyes were staring to well up with tears. Sweat dripped from every part of her body as she began to have doubts she could handle herself for much longer.This monster was downright terrifying to Garnet and with no one to back her up it was safe to say she hadn't felt this scared before.

As the monster kept pushing her back, Garnet's bladder completely betrayed her. Urine shot out of her like a rocket, soaking whatever part of her bodysuit wasn't already stained with piss. Once the lower half of her suit was completely soaked and unable to hold any more urine it started to gush through it, loudly splattering all over the cold ice floor. A sizable puddle began growing beneath her as steam started to rise from the ground as her warm urine started to mix with the cold air of the cave. Garnet pathetically tried to control her bladder as it released its continents, slapping her thighs together, trying to ease the release, but she was powerless to stop it, but her body wasn’t done just yet.

As her bladder was rapidly emptying, her rear began to let out gassy sputters. At first they were so quiet that Garnet didn’t even notice she was doing it, too distracted by her grown wet spot. Soon however the sputters stopped and her rear simply let out a loud rude noise, almost sounding like a large horn. Garnet's own fart took her by surprise, not just the sound but the strength of it as well. It made her flinch and her grip on the monster claws began to slip, and the ice monster took notice.

The creature quickly overpowered Garnet, pushing her into a wall. Once she was cornered the creature quickly moved its arms around her, trapping her in a bear hug, crushing garnets arms to her sides. The ice monster dug its claws into Garnet's back and began to lift her off of the ground. As her feet began to dangle off the ground she squirmed trying to break free, but to no avail. Urine still poured from her crotch into a newly growling puddle below her but the stream was starting to slow up. Her rear however was just getting started. More loud gassy farts ripped past her cheeks and filled the cavern with their sound and unsavory smell. The more Garnet panicked and struggled, the more humiliating noises her butt made, until Garnet didn’t feel gas coming out, but something much worse.

As the beast squeezed down on Garnet a large solid log of waste slowly made its way into the women's form fitting bodysuit. Garnet tried to clench her buttocks but it was too late as the log slid out, nested between her large butt cheeks doing little damage to her bodysuit at first. Garnet gritted her teeth at the gross feeling of her waste resting in her butt crack. Her face burned with embarrassment and tears finally began streaming down her face, but the ice monster wasn't letting up, as it continued to squeeze the pathetic woman with its arms.

Garnet shrieked out in pain and fear as her butt let out another series of farts followed by another large leg of waste. This log collided with the previous log which pushed it in the opposite direction, this time making it’s way up her butt crack, uncomfortably stuffing every inch between her buttocks with her own mess. Her mess was still noticeable from the outside of her body suit which simply wasn’t digging into her butt crack anymore, but instead was comfortably laying on top of her mess without press against it, but Garnet wasn’t too focused on that.

Garnet knew she needed to do something quickly or she wasn’t going to be around for much longer. Trying to stop crying for a second, Garnet mustered will power through her fear and humiliation and started to try and kick the creature with her dangling legs. Pulling her powerful right leg back she let out a powerful knee into the monster's body. The Ice monster let out a cry of pain and for a moment Garnet thought she had done the trick, but then the monster tightened its grip again.

Garnet moved to knee the monster again but the movement strained herself too much. With no gassy warning this time her body released another large log of waste. The log quickly pressed past the previous two logs, finally pressing up against her bodysuit, visibly bulging it out. Another log quickly followed mashing against the rest of her mess, causing her suit to stretch out more and more, looking as if a large banana was underneath her suit, aligned with her butt crack, turning the middle of her suit a muddy soggy look.

It was too much for Garnet. She tried to attack the creature again but she didn’t have the strength anymore. She was mentally humiliated and the strength of the monster's bearhug was just too powerful for her to deal with in her current state of mind. As one last log of excrement pushed its way out of her, her eyes began to glaze over and she blacked out.

………

Garnet wasn't too sure how long she was out for but was brought to by the taste of cold ice. The woman was laying face down on the floor, seeming to be dropped by the monster once she passed out. The second thing she noticed was that she had urinated herself even more. It seemed as she laid knocked out cold on the ground her bladder had emptied itself even further leaving a hard to miss large stain on the front of her body suit and a second large yellow puddle in the cavern.

Of course the smell and the feeling of muck pressing between her butt and suit was hard to miss as well. It was a nightmare scenario for Garnet, and she couldn’t imagine it getting any worse, but it seemed the world had it out for her today. Garnet must have been gone for several hours at this point because no more than a few minutes after Garnet came to, she heard her name echoing through the walls of the cavern. It seemed that her allies had come to look for her. And from how it sounded, they were just around the corner.

Garnet tried to stand up, but ended up slipping on a mixture of her own puddle and the icy floor, falling back into it, only able to bring herself to her knees safely. Soon her two teammates were looking upon her. One opened their mouth only to let out a gasp followed by cover her mouth, while her other team looked at her with a face of shock shortly followed by her also covering her mouth, but not out of shock, but to hide a snicker.

Garnet felt another wave of humiliation poor over her, worse than before. Her terrible secret was out, and there was no going back. Her teammates simply looked upon her in her composed and pathetic state. She didn’t even try to stop the tears welling in her eyes this time, she only could hope her visitor would be enough to hide them this time so sure could keep at least a little dignity.

