SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine

Author: Linkx

*012*2018-09-27 01:33

Been a while Ray. Thanks for all the kind comments guys o.o

After a few moments Joshua too could tell she was up to something. He glanced at the younger woman before back at Emelie when it clicked. “No… oh come on Emelie. I’ve been following this one for a couple weeks. Do you even know what she’s done? The people she’s hurt?” he said, his brow furrowed with frustration. The woman in question stood quietly despite her loaded panties and sodden socks unsure of what they were talking about. Fiona on the other hand sensing the ensuing argument excused herself under the pretense of checking the perimeter. “You know she’s a good candidate.” Em began, placing her hands on her hips.

“She left someone blind when they didn’t pay. Encrypted the entire ocular implant operating kit.” He said, jamming the large revolver into a hip holster. Of the people she associated with Joshua had the biggest heart despite his ruffian appearance. It’s what made him such a good hunter. Taking on the jobs that people couldn’t afford corporate security for or the police just didn’t have the manpower for. “Hey, that was an accident!” she piped up in defense. “Besides he could afford new implants and he was a jerk anyway.” She said defensively. He flashed a look at her “We didn’t ask you.” He said sharply. She recoiled at the reprimand and squirmed a little more obviously very uncomfortable as her fingers gingerly probed the back of her skirt to assess the damage.

- “She’s just a kid… she’s misguided.” She said, being surprisingly compassionate. “Hello, I’m right here. I can hear you talking and I’m not a kid. I’m twenty-three thank you very much.” The blond protested. The two ignored her. “She goes around terrorizing people, extorting them for money and you want to just give her a job! That’s the problem with this damn city! Everyone just turns a blind eye, justifies it to themselves.” He ranted briefly. His words stung, reminding her of her actions earlier. She was silent for a moment composing her thoughts. “I’m offering her a second chance, she can turn it around or… she can go with you get locked up, do her time and come back out and go right back to doing what she’s doing now… and when she passes the tests the recruitment commission I’ll get will more than cover the CBA reward… trust me.” She said, softening her pose, folding her arms over her chest. He shook his head and laughed.

“Trust you? You’re a sociopath… you know that right? Now you’re talking about second chances?” he joked, staring at her. “You feeling okay?” he teased. She stared at him, nonplussed with his remarks. Joshua sighed brushing errant strands of hair from his face. “Alright…” he finally agreed. “I trust you… but you owe me. We can discuss just how much you owe me over drinks later.” He said with a mischievous wink. “I owe you?” Emelie asked indignantly. “As far as I can tell we showed up just in time to keep you from getting pulverized.” She said with a smirk poking a finger into the bruised rib he’d been holding earlier. He grimaced “I had everything under control.” Joshua said with a laugh.

- “That’s great and all but can I PLEASE clean myself up!” the woman who’s fate they’d been debating finally interjected with an embarrassed outburst. “Maybe you should have thought about going to the bathroom before assaulting a hunter and two PrivSec agents.” Emelie mocked. Lynd blushed brightly, glaring at the woman. “Like you’ve never had an accident!” she shouted back. The biting words brought a faint blush to Em’s cheeks but she dismissed the assault with a wave of her hand. “No, because I’m not a child.” She said before Joshua placed himself in the middle of their little spat.

“Look, she needs to clean herself up… the smell’s making me sick… no offense Lynd. Do you have any spare clothes she can change into?” he asked the taller dark haired woman. She shook her head “Just my combat outfit and those pants won’t fit” Emelie noted, looking down at the shorter woman who stood approximately 5’4”. She wasn’t that short but compared to the statuesque agent Lynd was dwarfed in size. Even Fi was on the taller side standing at a good 5’7”.

“I’m guessing there’s no running water in this place?” Joshua asked. The slicer shook her head “No… the utilities are all offline. I was only able to take control of the constructors because they have internal power supplies. I was using one to power the network in another area of the plant to see if I could access any other internal defenses.” She said. “Oh this is so gross” Lynd whined.

“It’s your own fault.” Emelie jabbed, finally taking the time to replace the empty magazine of her rifle with the fresh spare. Joshua just shook his head at the two bickering women. “Come on, I might have something in my car.” He said beckoning them along leading them down the short flight of stairs and back out through the production floor. Emelie gestured for Lynd to follow obviously not trusting the woman to run off yet. “Don’t even think about trying anything.” She said sharply. The slicer just gave her an irritated look that said it all. What was she going to try? How effective would trying to outrun a PrivSec agent while her panties were full of poop be?

- The trio marched along through the factory out the way they had came having Fi rejoin them before they reached the front door. Lynd looked rather hesitant. “I… I don’t want to go out there like this.” She said as Joshua opened the door for Fiona. Emelie shrugged grabbing her by the arm and tugging her along with ease. Part of her was enjoying the position of authority over the girl being able to humiliate her like that. It made her feel better about her own recent shortcomings in keeping her sheets dry. Of course she always enjoyed the authority being a PrivSec agent afforded her but this was different.

“Hey… whatareyou… let me go!” the girl wriggled and squirmed trying to pull herself out of Emelie’s iron grip. “The more of a scene you make the more people will notice that you shit your panties.” She said harshly. It’s not like there were many people in this area of the block anyway. Miserably she walked alongside the agent being towed along by her arm her other hand desperately trying to hide the bulge in the back of her skirt.

- Joshua was already rummaging through his car; An older model sports coupe that Emelie derided him for calling it childish and unnecessary… but it certainly was fast. “Here we are… better than nothing.” He said, pulling out a pair of panties from under the passenger seat. Emelie’s eyes widened, those weren’t just any panties. Those were hers! She must have forgotten them the last time they’d fooled around. Em grit her teeth keeping quiet about the source of the panties. Lynd did not look particularly pleased about wearing a pair of panties found under a seat but… they seemed infinitely more inviting than her current pair. “and here’s a cleanish rag… and here’s some water.” He continued, grabbing a small towel and a bottle of water handing the items over to the blond. “There, take her back inside to clean up.” He said.

Before Emelie could protest he shook his head. “No, you want her, you clean her up. Besides, it wouldn’t be appropriate if I watched her strip. Isn’t that corporate policy and all?” he said with a coy grin pawning off babysitting detail onto Emelie. “Fine… back inside we go.” Em said, dragging her back towards the factory, Lynd doing her best to keep up walking awkwardly bowlegged. “Walk.” Emelie commanded, finally letting go of her arm. The younger woman winced, rubbing where Emelie’s hand had been wrapped tightly around her. She didn’t have to be told twice; eager as she was to change out of her soiled undergarments. She hurried back into the factory with Emelie walking close behind while Joshua and Fi waited by the car bantering back and forth as they were one to do.

- Once they were inside Emelie stood by the door leaning against it. “Go on.” She told the woman who was still looking for a room to duck into. “Wait, right here?” Lynd asked. “Yes, just hurry up. I’ve got a things to do today. Nobody else is going to see and… it’s nothing I haven’t seen before.” She said subtly showing off her own buxom chest. The blond grumbled for a moment before relenting; she just wanted to clean the filth from her bottom. She hiked her skirt up revealing her sagging panties and began the arduous process with the limited supplies. Emelie couldn’t hide the disgust on her face as she watched.

“I’m really sticking my neck out for you. I don’t know why… maybe I’m feeling guilty about the banger I put down earlier.” She mused for the woman to hear. Her panties had been tossed aside revealing her slender legs glittering with pee and a shaved cunt. Emelie continued “But if you make me regret my decision. If you even so much as think about going back to the life that got you in trouble in the first place. I will put you down.”

The raven-haired woman said harshly. Lynd swallowed nervously and nodded. There was relative silence after Emelie’s little lecture. It was only disrupted by the sounds of scrubbing and the various comments that were mostly “ew” or “gross”. Finally she was finished. She slipped a pair of Emelie’s panties up her legs and tugged her damp skirt back down. She was clean enough for now. “What about my…” Lynd asked, sheepishly gesturing to the discarded panties. Emelie just stared at her. “Just leave them… how is that even a question. Come on.” She said opening the door. “Fine… dang it those were my favorite pair.” Lynd complained as they emerged from the factory. “Then you shouldn’t have shit in them.” Emelie reprimanded her again. “Now stop whining.”

- “So, Fi tells me you’re checking out DR… and well you told me over the cell anyway what I’m getting at is they’re some pretty serious players.” Joshua began as Emelie returned. “We know, arms manufacturing and I wouldn’t say going after them exactly. Some ultralux girl got herself wrapped up with them and she’s being held for ransom but she doesn’t even know it.” Emelie explained. Joshua looked perplexed at the newly revealed detail of their mission. He pulled out a pair of mirrored sunglasses wiping them on his shirt before sliding them on his face. “Ransom doesn’t really fit DR’s mo.” He said mulling it over.

Emelie shrugged “So they’ve decided to expand from weaponry. They’re a gang Joshua, they don’t give a shit.” She disagreed. “They’re expanding yeah… but not into extortion. DR’s looking into counterfeiting Serum5 for street distribution.” He elaborated. “Look, I know your intel is good but at the corporate level these things get glossed over. The ex-corporate executives running DR wouldn’t sanction that kind of activity. Do you think they want that kind of heat from cops and private security breaching their front door? No, they’re happy to sit in the shadows and manufacture the weaponry and let everyone else kill each other.” He continued. “What’s your point Joshua?” Emelie asked, wrinkling her nose when she smelled something wispy and sweet.

- To take the edge off Lynd had pulled a small matte grey device from her pocket. Exhaling again Emelie saw a plume of vapor billow from her nostrils. She was vaping the very stuff that the doctor had said was potentially making them all incontinent! Emelie immediately held her breath snatching the device from the blond smashing it on the sidewalk. “That’s… bad for you!” was all she could think to exclaim. Lynd let out an irritated “Uhhhhhg”. Fiona just stared with amusement and Joshua cleared his throat. “as I was saying. He’s probably an underling. You find who exactly it was who took the girl and take that guy to a DR boss and I wager they put a bullet in him themselves and send you on your way with daddy’s little girl.” He said with a grin.

“Come on, tell me I’m brilliant.” Joshua chuckled. “Or… you know you could just assault their fortress guns blazing and wade through the blood” Emelie stroked her jaw. It was a good plan, he always did have a way of thinking outside the box. They could start an investigation but they’d have to be quick. Drive back to the office arrange a meeting with the client, get access to the daughter’s computers if she had any outside of her implants otherwise they would continue as scheduled and perform some reconnaissance and devise the best way to infiltrate the compound.

*014*2018-09-30 01:18

“I knew there was a reason I kept you around.” Emelie teased. “You mean apart from my rugged good looks right?” he joked. “You just keep telling yourself that.” Em continued before Lynd interrupted their playful banter. “You both should just get a room.” She said with a roll of her eyes. Emelie hadn’t noticed it before but her ocular implants stood out the colors of her iris fluctuated and changed almost like a technicolor whirlpool, not exactly subtle but neat to look at. “Change of plans Fi, you’re off the hook for recon.” Emelie announced, breaking her momentary distraction from the near hypnotic color changing eyes. “Oh that’s a shame and here I was looking forward to spending all afternoon sitting in your car.” The redhead joked. Emelie cracked a smile at the joke and shook her head. “We owe you Joshua.” Emelie began before Fiona spoke up.

“Speak for yourself… I’ll happily shoot my way through if it means I won’t owe a favor to that scoundrel, no offense Joshua.” She said. “None taken my dear.” He began. “In the meantime what are we going to do with Miss pink tips here?” he asked. “I don’t think you’re comfortable with letting her loose? I wouldn’t be…” he said glancing at the woman who had grown accustomed to the other people talking about her as if she wasn’t there. “Yeah… she’s got to stay with one of us until I can take her in with me tomorrow.” Emelie said.

“Uhhh, I do have an apartment yaknow.” Lynd responded indignantly. “and the moment we let you go back unsupervised you’re gone without a trace.” Joshua quipped. “I already said I wouldn’t run!” she insisted, but the others weren’t buying it. “Just hold onto her for now. We’ll decide what to do with her later. You’d be taking her to processing right now anyway~” Emelie said with a grin. “Fine fine, but if I don’t hear back from you I’m turning her loose in your place.” Joshua threatened. “Oh I wouldn’t get into too much trouble.” The younger woman joined in on the joke with a giggle.

- Emelie gave them both a rather unamused look at snapped her fingers at FI. “Come on, let’s get that food you were talking about. Lynd overheard and tugged on Joshua’s sleeve. “Oooh food come on. I could use a burger I’m so hungry!” she exclaimed as she shook his arm. He sighed, looking over his shoulder mouthing the words ‘you owe me’ at Emelie as she sat in the driver’s seat. Fi joined her in the passenger seat and off they went heading back into the fray of SANAM city traffic. Something quick, tasty and greasy was what sounded appetizing to satiate her appetite. With the car in autodrive Emelie reclined her seat unwrapping the cheeseburger she’d ordered. Fiona likewise having ordered the same thing was already ravenously tearing into her food.

“I know you two are friends but… are you sure trusting his intel on an op of this priority is such a good idea?” Fiona asked after swallowing a mouthful of food washing it down with some fizzy drink. “I was skeptical at first too but… I think he’s right. Going in uninvited is a big risk and while I know the team could pull it off I think we’ll just save that for plan B. I trust his judgement when it comes to the street gangs.” Emelie responded thoughtfully. Fiona just nodded, more interested in her food than continuing the conversation.

- They ate in relative silence, music quietly playing through the car’s speakers. Fiona wasn’t exactly enthralled with Emelie’s taste in music, mercifully Emelie kept it quiet. The black haired woman let out a groan of contentment rubbing her stomach sucking down another sip of the soda. “I don’t know why I was so hungry.” Emelie began after she’d finished. “Me too.” Fiona replied as she stretched out in her seat wiping her hands on a napkin. “The uh… doctor did mention that today… something about increased appetite and digestion… did you um go in for your examination?” Fiona asked, embarrassed at the topic but finally finding it in herself to ask. “Yeah… I did.” Emelie said curtly, uncomfortable with the topic.

After a few moments of awkward silence the redhead continued. “Do you really think it’s because of the Serum5?” she asked. Emelie shrugged, “I don’t know… I’m not an expert but the timing is pretty suspicious… but they wouldn’t just release something that would make us… do that.” She said with a frown, a blush rising to her cheeks to match Fiona’s. “So… how bad is it for you?” Fiona asked, nervously drumming her fingers on her thigh. Straight faced she lied through her teeth, her pride unwilling to let her tell her subordinate that she’d been soaking her sheets the past few nights. “Just a few close calls...” She said, leaving it at that. From the corner of her eye she carefully examined Fiona’s expression with her implant.

Dismay and embarrassment most prominently shown in her hud. “and you?” Emelie asked. Embarrassment peaked all other expressions dropping to negligible amounts. “I… uh well a few close calls like you but um…” she began, blushing furiously at what she was about to admit. “I wet my pants… twice now.” Fiona said glumly. “and the doctor advised that I wear a…”

- She was interrupted by a loud crunch, followed by another and then in quick succession another and another. The side view camera exploded into bits of shrapnel as a bullet smashed it to pieces. Both women jumped, collision detection warnings flashing on the various screens in the car. Emelie felt her breath catch in her throat; her lap warmed, a gush of urine expelled in surprise. “Shit!” she cursed, grabbing the wheel yanking the car out of autodrive shoving the pedal to the floor. The engine let out a restrained roar as it powered to life as she took immediate evasive action swerving around traffic. Trying to put some distance between her and their assailants. The bullet resistant window showed spiderwebs of impact where the car had been struck.

“Two cars.” Fiona barked having switched into combat mode once they were attacked. “We won’t outrun them.” She said, punching something into the dash. The rear seats were already folding down and the trunk floor sliding forward allowing them access to the rifles. As she swerved and sped through traffic she glanced at the cars giving pursuit. Two low slung sports cars giving chase. “Who are they?” Emelie asked. Fiona shook her head. “Can’t quite tell.” The redhead responded quickly as she grabbed the rifle Emelie had taken from requisitions earlier. “They look like some low level gang. Uplink is telling me NT runners?” she said yanking the charge handle back on the rifle chambering a round before lowering the window. “NT runners?” Emelie repeated, searching the PrivSec database, displaying the results in the control screen built into the dashboard.

- “Why the FUCK would they attack PrivSec agents those fucking little shits.” Emelie snarled before she recognized something. The symbol, the colors she remember… that’s what that punk this morning was wearing. The one she’d shot. Fiona had twisted around facing the rear of the car having undone her seatbelt and was now leaning out the window taking shots at their pursuers. Each shot had to be precisely placed which with Emelie’s evasive driving was a difficult task. Fiona did not want to endanger civilians any more than they already were. Snap… snap… snap Fiona slowly fired. One shot tearing through the hood of the lead car, the next higher up the hood, then through the windshield. Unfortunately the small caliber rifle rounds weren’t likely to disable the vehicle which was preferred in a situation like this where an out of control car could have some serious collateral damage.

“I think they’re backing off.” Fiona called out, firing another small group of shots, her hair whipping in the wind. Emelie didn’t back off the throttle yet keeping the car hurtling forward. The muffled crunches of slowly shattering glass mingled with the more metallic thud as shots hit the trunk and other body work as they returned fire. “That doesn’t sound like they’re backing off!” Emelie snapped. “Take out the drivers before I call for air support!” she shouted before Fiona cried out in pain slumping slumped against the door frame a terrible grinding noise filling the air as the barrel of the rifle dragged against the pavement. “I’m fine, I’m fine.” Fiona grunted, as a glittering golden stream of liquid poured down her thighs soaking into her skirt. Emelie hadn’t noticed her loss of control, too concentrated on her driving.

- “It just grazed me.” She said, gritting her teeth in pain as she slid back into the car tossing the slightly road worn rifle into the backseat. The sleeve of her suit was marred with a deep red stain. She clutched her upper arm applying pressure to the wound. “Oh my god… no… not now.” She groaned finally realizing what the horrifyingly wet sensation was. Now that she was sitting urine was pooling in her lap while her thighs squeezed together. The sensation of shame welled in her and tears dripped down her cheek.

The sopping wet feeling of sitting in a puddle of urine slowly began to dissipate as it soaked into the seat underneath her. She had completely pissed herself… in her boss’s car no less. Gritting her teeth she grabbed for the other rifle and thrust herself out the window again inadvertently giving Emelie a good look at her soaking wet bottom. Emelie wrinkled her noise at the all too familiar acrid scent of urine and gave a mournful thought about her seat that had now soaked up a full bladder’s worth of urine. Despite her wounded arm Fi was determined, already firing back at the two cars.

- “On my signal swerve left. Once you hear me fire three shots hard right, take the offramp.” Fiona shouted, a plan formulated on the fly. There was a pause in the sound of gunfire. “Now!” she shouted. Emelie turned the wheel hard to the left putting them in the inside lane giving Fiona a clear shot at the outer car’s front tire. The clammy wet feeling of piss covered legs was distracting and the first shot hit the fender. She cursed, grit her teeth and focused. Second shot, dead center impacting the wheel. The offramp was here, it was now or never! Adjusting her aim she squeezed off one last shot.

As Emelie threw the car to the right in an effort to make the offramp the bullet hit its mark. The tire burst and at the speeds they were going the sidewall instantly shredded causing the car to jump to the left exactly as planned. The outer car smashed against its partner driving it into the center divider as Emelie and Fiona made their narrow escape their pursuers unable to follow. Fiona slunk back into her seat, the wet upholstery squishing quietly under her. Her red hair was a wild mess after hanging outside the car in the wind for so long. She began laughing “I… I can’t believe that worked perfectly.” She finally said. Adrenaline still pumping in her veins. “Apart from being shot… and pissing in my car.” Emelie said sternly before breaking into an uncontrollable giggle, Fi’s laughter infectious. “I’m glad it did… I really didn’t want to have call in air support.” Emelie said, slumping back in her seat letting the autodrive take control. “Yeah… sorry…” Fiona mumbled quietly.

- Emelie squirmed in her seat, the clammy sensation of damp panties wasn’t lost on her either. “Here, let me take a look at that arm.” She said gently. If anything she cared about her team. Fiona nodded, talking about her issues was embarrassing enough but wetting herself in front of Emelie was utterly mortifying. She winced sliding her arm from her suit pulling off her jacket and placing it on her lap, covering her wet skirt. "Looks okay. Just a flesh wound, you got real lucky this time." Emelie said as she poked and prodded, examining the injury.

"Just keep pressure on it. I'll drop you off at your place so you can... Clean up... I'm going to talk to Taarna and the twins. We're going to find this bastard. Fiona nodded, ripping the sleeve of her blood stained jacket to use in place of a bandage holding it against the wound. The rest of the drive was filled with Emelie reporting progress back to Hagar as well as notifying him of the attack by the two bit gang members. Fiona got out when they reached her apartment. “I’m going to talk to the father alone. Standby for addresses and wait… before you go.” she paused.

She couldn’t just pretend like what happened hadn’t. Fiona was mortified and rightfully so but Emelie was the leader of the squad and she had a choice to make. Discipline her for her little indiscretion or reassure her? Everything inside was telling her that what Fi had done was unacceptable but… given how hypocritical it would be to lecture her while her own panties were dampened with pee she considered the alternative.

*016*2018-09-30 03:18

Oh she'll get hers. Don't fret.

*021*2018-10-05 05:49

Thanks guys, heh you're not far off Inconnue.

Emelie bit her lip, this wasn’t what she’d ever expected she would have to address as leader of a PrivSec op team. “Fi… I know this is difficult for you.” Emelie began, pursing her lips. There was no other way to slice it, this was going to be an awkward and embarrassing conversation. A conversation she wished would go differently. It would be so much easier to scold her for her little incident but she could see the woman’s confidence was already eroded enough. Fiona’s cheeks blushed anew as Emelie spoke, she could already tell what this little talk would entail. She opened her mouth to speak but Emelie spoke first.

“You don’t have to say anything. I know it’s a condition… and obviously you aren’t alone.” She said, sugar coating her true feelings on the subject matter at hand. The redhead stared at her, looking slightly confused. She had expected to be reprimanded for what had happened but was grateful Em had decided on a softer approach. Despite Fiona only being a scant one year younger than Emelie the dark-haired woman couldn’t help but feel like a mother trying to comfort her daughter after having an accident in her skirt.

- She almost admitted having done it as well, but her pride wouldn’t allow it. Best not go that far yet. “It’s alright just do your best and try to keep it from happening again. We’re PrivSec agents, we have a reputation to uphold.” She said awkwardly, having struggled through the conversation offering the soaked redhead a forced smile. Fiona nodded letting out a sigh of relief. “I’ll do my best Em.” She said before scurrying away eager to shower. Emelie slumped back in her seat. Her own undergarments felt clammy and her car reeked of pee. She was glad that conversation was over but in the pit of her stomach she knew it wouldn’t be the last and how long could she keep hiding her own issues? Her car pulled away ferrying her back to her own apartment She glumly stared out the window as the car drove itself contemplating what fate had relegated to her reality.

How long would she have to suffer this affliction she wondered. The neon veneer over a cold grime encrusted city passed by her window. Everything seemed to be moving in slow motion as she rolled back to her respite. The adrenaline high of the day’s excitement was gone and combined with the large greasy fast food meal left her feeling a bit groggy. A holo advert caught her eyes as she drove past. A woman modeling what was unmistakably a diaper. The model had an eerie likeness to her, lengthy black hair, pale skin though she didn’t appear to have quite the impressive height Emelie possessed nor the build; the sight made her queasy. It was slim fitting but still had a definite bulk to it that a luxurious pair of panties most certainly did not. The holographic projection touted it’s features, protecting from leaks and odors all while the woman showed off the pullup style incontinence garment.

- No one laughed or stared at the ridiculous add as they walked by. Pedestrians just wandered by aimlessly carrying on about their day as if it was perfectly normal to see an adult woman wearing a diaper festooned with childish pastel designs. She felt like the last sane woman on earth. Letting her seat recline she stared up through the panoramic roof. Far above ground level she could see the air cars skittering around amongst the concrete canopy of the steel jungle. She tapped her finger on the dash turning the windows opaque save for the large glass roof.

The rear window, speckled with cracked spiderwebbing flickered for a few seconds before turning opaque like the rest of the windows. For the moment she could hide in the privacy of her car feel vulnerable and not worry about anyone seeing. She’d fought so hard to get where she was, stepped over so many people done acts she had to harden herself to and now it all seemed like it was unraveling. She reached up, nearly touching the glass shutting one eye pinching her thumb and her pointer finger together over the high above silhouette of an air car. “Squish…” Emelie listlessly whispered to herself.

- She arrived back at her apartment building shortly after. Sending her car off to park itself she frowned getting a good look at the damage. It was shot up pretty good. Looks like the boys in the PrivSec garage would have their hands full. Just one of the many perks of being a PrivSec employee. Back in her apartment she kicked off her shoes pausing for a moment now that she wasn’t sitting in her car anymore. Yeah… she definitely smelled of pee. It wasn’t overpowering but… she blushed wriggling out of her expensive pants letting the fabric pool on the floor. She took the pants to her bedroom depositing them in her hamper with an irritated scowl.

A message from her boss popped up, a small notification alerting her through her apartment’s speakers. She read it aloud. “Did you a favor, talked to the client. You have full access to the daughter’s penthouse. Aircar will take you there. -Hagar” she smiled. The one nice thing about a higher priority mission was it seemed everyone was willing to pitch in and ensure things operated as smoothly as possible. She tossed her jacket onto the bed and began unbuttoning her blouse before feeling that twinge that had been nagging at her for the past while. That damn large soda she’d had with lunch. She wandered to the bathroom and plopped herself down on the toilet moaning with relief as a powerful stream echoed in the room.

Stepping out of her panties whilst she relieved her bladder she inspected the satin garment. They were noticeably damp and worse yet from the repeated leaks there was a faint stain developing in the gusset. She groaned with frustration… maybe she should have taken that pad. Still… it was better than how Fi had ended up… or Lynd. She threw the dampened panties to the floor looking at them with disgust before she finished. Marching out of the bathroom with renewed determination she tossed her blouse followed by her bra onto the bed joining her suit. Glancing at her body in the mirror she admired her form for a moment, standing in the privacy of her bedroom.

A little moral boost for her wounded pride, at least she was still attractive even if she couldn’t stop dribbling in her pants. Wandering to her closet the door opened in front of her seamlessly. Since she was going to the girl’s apartment to search for leads and then after that presumably to whatever nightclub meant she could play a little dress-up! One of her many professional yet not particularly exciting suits was not a requirement. She rifled through her large wardrobe snatching a few choice items. A pair of black leather pants adorned with a bit of red trim and a low cut red blouse. “Hmmm or maybe a skirt?” She continued rummaging through.

Deciding it best not to look too formal while trying to blend in to the night club crowd she opted for the leather. It was a safe bet that a nightclub being visited by some banger henchman wasn’t the classiest establishment. Emelie breathed in through her nose as she held the leather pants in her hand. That unique earthy leathery scent filled her nostrils coaxing a sigh of content. She loved the smell of leather. Snatching a skimpy red blouse to match she tossed the clothes onto the bed behind her plucking a jacket off the hangar as well before she was satisfied with her choices. Making a quick stop at a smaller chest of drawers for some unmentionables. She rifled through the drawer looking for the perfect match pulling out a skimpy red thong trimmed with black lace.

“Ahh perfect.” she smirked. The thought of what her team members would say if they knew what she was wearing amused her, a side of herself that she kept mostly secret from the people she worked with. Even though she hid it underneath a cold exterior she was still a woman and she did enjoy wearing things that would make a man… or woman’s jaw drop. With the skimpy underwear pulled up her slender legs she took another moment to admire herself in the mirror before setting her sights on the leather pants she had picked out. One leg at a time her lower half was encased in the smooth form fitting material. She ran her hands over the leather savoring the feeling before pulling on the matching bra to the panties she wore hidden underneath the skintight leather. Finally, she pulled the curve hugging blouse over her head. The sleeveless top hugged her chest perfectly and the triangle window showed borderline too much cleavage.

- It was the kind of outfit that made her feel like a seductress, the kind of outfit that made her feel deadly. It put her in a different mindset than her normal work attire. She accessorized with a tangle of belts strapped around her hips that hung lower on one thigh than the other. With the tighter jacket there was no room for the discrete underarm holster she typically wore but this outfit was loud, intimidating brash. A thigh holster would be the perfect final accessory. With her large sidearm strapped to her muscular thigh she admired herself in the mirror striking a few poses feeling her confidence returning. A quick application of a dark red lipstick that verged on black and she was ready.

Grabbing the leather biker jacket she departed, possessing a confident sway of her hips as she walked. Catching the eye of a man who looked to be maybe five years older than she Emelie winked coyly at him as she strut by smirking as he stared longingly. Aircar was perhaps a bit of a misnomer… while some of the flying vehicles did resemble the more pedestrian land based transport the aircar that was waiting for Emelie to take her to the target’s penthouse apartment looked more akin to a large jumpjet aircraft. A door on the fuselage slid open welcoming her into the passenger compartment. She took her seat in the first class accommodation as the door shut. Syncing with the com system she spoke to the pilot through her implants. “We’re go.” She said, glancing out the window hearing the engines begin to spool with a rapidly increasing whirring sound.

- “Copy that Ms. Blackstar, shouldn’t be more than ten minutes.” His smooth voice came through her implant. “and might I add you look like the devil herself today.” He said with a chuckle as the craft lurched upwards. It swayed for a moment hovering off the ground before gaining altitude. Emelie smirked, watching the ground grow smaller beneath them. Composing a message she notified her team, depending on what she found they may have to split up to cover more ground. Who knew how many clubs the little skank frequented.

- She enjoyed watching the city change as they ascended to the upper levels. A small percentage of the population ever visited much above ground level. The shift was immediately apparent. Once you were high enough up the colors seemed to drain, the relentless advertisements all but disappeared. She’d long since figured out the people who direct those adverts don’t want to be looking at the same stuff they spew to the general populace. Having grown up ground level though as perverse as it was and maybe it was just all the subliminal suggestions hidden in the ads but she missed the color, the vibrancy, the bustle of the lower levels any time she had to come topside for work. Her philosophical musings were interrupted by the pilot’s voice “and tower 17 here we are.” He said, setting the craft down on one of many landing spots as another craft, a smaller personal vehicle lifted off before shooting over the side and vanishing from sight.

“Thanks, hopefully I won’t be too long.” She responded before departing. “Right, I’ll keep the burners hot. Command said you have full access, locks are bio, Iris scan.” He continued. She walked around the front of the craft tapping the side of her forhead waving her middle finger and pointer finger forward. From inside the cockpit her returned the little salute common among PrivSec agents.

- A short walk from the landing pads she found herself in the foyer. She always forgot just how alien the comparative serenity was of the upper levels. Approaching the receptionist who was typing something into a computer she quickly got the woman’s attention clearing her throat. Seeing the armed leather clad woman she balked, assuming the worst. Emelie chuckled, that flash of fear on the woman’s face. She let her think the worst for a moment before pulling out her wallet showing her PrivSec identification. “Emelie Blackstar, I’m here to look over Ms. Ferrenis’s suite.” she explained, resting her elbows on the polished stone counter after pocketing her wallet. The relief on the woman’s face was visible.

“Oh, yes of course. Suite 37.” she responded with a helpful tone of voice. “The elevator behind me will take you to the correct floor.” the receptionist said, pointing over her shoulder. Emelie tapped her nails against the stone nodding before she left the woman’s presence. A short elevator ride took her to the correct floor and with a chime the doors opened spilling out into a long hallway. Mail slots were numbered and doors were few and far between. Compared to Emelie’s apartment complex which wasn’t a slum by any means but even it had three maybe four doors for ever one in this place! Finally she reached number thirty-seven. True to what the pilot had told her after looking into the biometric lock the door whirred for a moment and the locks clicked open revleaing the domicile of their kidnapped target.

- “Welcome Ms. Blackstar.” a synthesized voice spoke. She nearly jumped in surprise glad she didn’t dribble in her nice leather pants from the start. A chiseled figure slowly materialized in front of her as she walked in. Of course the young heiress would have a muscular shirtless piece of eye candy as her home’s ai assistant. Emelie was more impressed with the scope of the penthouse. The view was incredible. Walking past the holographic projection she took a moment to soak in the sheer opulence of such a place. She stared out through the large panes of glass. The city lay sprawling before her, aircars zipped in and out of view. She must have been able to see at least three whole blocks in any direction! The assistant spoke up again.

“When your name was added to the security provisions I inferred you may be coming. I apologize for Ms Ferrenis’s absence.” it spoke. She waved her hand dismissively, giving one last longing look out the window before turning back to look at the ai. “Show me to the master bedroom.” she said It nodded dutifully and beckoned her along. “Has she had any guests within the past week? Wait… scratch that. I need to know about guests going back one week prior to the last day she was home.” she questioned as the two walked.

“Yes, Ms. Ferrenis has had a total of total of 15 visitors in the past week prior to her last visit home.” It responded. “How many were male?” she continued, getting more granular with the results. “Three, one being her father. The other two I can conclude with a high degree of certainty that it was the same individual on two separate occasions.” It said. Although the ai assistant spoke with a human voice. It lacked the empathy or curiosity that a real person would have giving it an uncanny valley effect.

- Emelie’s interest was immediately piqued by the revelation. It wasn’t certain but it was still the first hint of a lead. “Here is the mistress’s bedroom.” It said pausing before a set of large double doors. The projection reached forward placing and hand on each door and slowly pushed them open. Emelie blinked, cocking her head to the side. She’d seen effects like that before, ai assistants were very popular and with most homes automated doors could all be controlled by the home ai to give the illusion they were interacting with the physical plane. You could always tell though, it was never quite perfect and the projection would usually clip through portions but… this looked like he had actually moved the door! She followed into the lavishly furnished bedroom.

“Did you just open the doors? I mean really open…” she asked, unable to hide her curiosity. It almost appeared to smile. “You are very perceptive Ms. Blackstar. Much more so than Ms. Ferrenis’s acquaintances. Yes, I did.” It answered, standing back allowing Emelie free reign to the bedroom. It was huge! The room had another gorgeous view but the large window was tinted at the moment keeping the bedroom dark. “How?” she asked as she began her search slowly walking around the bedroom starting with the bedside table pulling open the drawer, searching the contents.

- “The latest in photonic capture technology” it recited. “I am a prototype, a proof of concept. I cannot elaborate on the nature of the technology.” It said as she kept searching. She shut the drawer finding nothing but makeup, empty cartridges of Serum5 and money. “Incredible…” she said quietly, glancing back at the ai construct. Her father probably owned the company developing the technology. She kept searching in the dimly lit bedroom not bothering to turn up the lights, her lowlight vision enhanced by her ocular implants. “This male visitor she had. Do you have a name, description, any prior visits?” she asked moving to the closet.

“First name Jake, last name unknown. I have a full description I can provide you with and only one prior visit which falls one day outside of your initial search parameters.” It said. That made her smile, it was sounding more and more like this Jake was their target. Dealing with an ai whom she had full access to was a refreshing change of pace for the day. Joshua was helpful and all but his teasing wasn’t always helpful especially when it came to business. This thing just answered her questions, never beat around the bush, never told her that she owed it for the information. With the closet showing nothing but a wide spread of expensive clothes she moved on. “Are there any recently worn clothes?” she asked, looking for anything that would give her a hint of what clubs she’d been visiting. “No, I am afraid not. Ms. Ferrenis has suffered multiple bouts of incontinence recently and thusly I have increased the frequency with which I was her clothing.” It said impartially. -

Emelie walked up to the projection, squinting her eyes examining the form of the man. She poked it curiously. It didn’t feel remotely like flesh but it had substance. “Wow… “ she said with subdued excitement. “Please be careful, the tensile strength of photonic capture isn’t quite strong enough yet and recalibration of the capture matrix takes here to five minutes.” It said, stepping away from the inquisitive woman. “Of course.” She said, carrying on with her investigation.

Wandering across the room to the large dresser situated beneath an even larger television she traced her fingers along the countertop feeling the cold granite surface. The ai spoke up “The top right most drawer contains any items left in Ms. Ferrenis’s pockets before I sent them for washing.” It said. Her eyes lit up. That was exactly what she was hoping for. Emelie quickly pulled open the drawer in question. More money, more makeup… Emelie could have sworn she’d seen the same shade of lipstick three times now oh to have the wealth of an ultralux. There were more odds and ends in this drawer though.

“Can I interest you in any refreshments Ms. Blackstar?” it asked, interrupting her. The black haired woman ignored it for the moment as she pulled out a pack of matches emblazoned with the words ‘Club Sin’, the outline of a succubus behind the bold print. Finally addressing the assistant she turned back with a coy grin. “Does she have any good whisky?” she asked. It nodded. “I shall return momentarily with your drink.” She dug deeper into the contents of the drawer pulling out a neon wrist band with the same logo. Two more neon wrist bands were inside but neither of the other two matched the first one. She found a crumple slip of paper and on a whim unfurled it finding a receipt for a long list of drinks. Certainly more than one girl would drink, another club Steel Heaven. This was exactly what she was looking for! Unfortunately the third band only had a logo on it.

- The ai entered the room again, carrying a glass of amber liquid ice cubes clinking against the fine crystal ware. “As requested.” It said holding out the glass for her to take. “Wonderful” Emelie said raising the glass before taping a sip. “Cheers.” She toasted. “I’ll be taking this stuff.” She motioned to the scraps she’d taken out of the drawer. “Can you tell me if any of this was with her on the nights she returned with Jake?” she asked. The ai paused as if it was contemplating the question. In a way it was but it’s version of thinking about something was querying millions of database records. It shook it’s head “I cannot say with any certainty.” It said. She took another drink tasting the sharp smokey liquid as it coated her throat.

“No matter.” She said, setting the drink down on the dresser before combing through the rest of the room. She was certain those clues were the best leads she was going to find but it paid to be thorough. She looked through the rest of the drawers, checked in the bathroom even looked under the bed greeted by a sprawling sea of mismatched shoes. Nothing else caught her watchful eye. She would have to content herself with the leads she’d found. “I think that should conclude what I need in here. Is there any other room which she frequents anywhere else she would have left any clues about her evening activities?” she asked as she returned to her drink swishing the glass around in her hand before taking a sip. “You may want to look in the Den but other than that Ms. Ferrenis spends the majority of her time in her bedroom or the main room."(edited)

- Emelie nodded departing the bedroom waiting for the ai to show her to the den where the target spent time. She took another sip of the expensive drink and let out a little shiver. “Maybe I should come up here more often.” she joked. The ai didn’t laugh. They went back down the hall before he directed her through another door. Apparently daddy’s little girl hadn’t quite grown up the ‘den’ as the ai had called it was filled with all sorts of antiquated arcade and carnival games. It was not what she was expecting. She gave a cursory walk around but there was nothing. She’d got what she’d came for time to talk to the team.

She tipped her head back and finished off the drink licking her lips feeling the faintest tingles of inebriation relaxing her. “Do you have a chip you can store Jake’s image on?” she asked handing the drained glass back to the assistant. “Yes, I took the liberty of making a copy for you when I poured your drink.” It said, leading her back to the sprawling first room. She held her hand open expectantly when they paused and he picked something up off the counter. “Please enjoy the rest of your day Ms. Blackstar.” It said. She pocketed the datachip and nodded taking one last look out the window. “Yeah, I think I will.” She said leaving just as suddenly as she had arrived.

- The view, the technology, the opulent décor. She could feel a pang of jealousy as she made her way back to the air car. With a tap of her ear she was calling her team. Seeing they were all connected to the line she cleared her throat to get their attention. “I’ve got three locations, a name and a picture.” she began. Taarna’s cold voice came through. “Sounds like you found your lead. Fiona filled us in on your morning’s festivities.” the tech specialist said. “Indeed, twins listen up I need you to check out a Steel Heaven. I’ll send you all the image of the guy. His name is Jake” she explained to a pair of groans one male, one female. “Oh quit groaning.” Emelie said sharply as the door to the aircar opened and she took her seat. “Taarna, Fiona I only have a logo. I don’t know the name of the place so you’ll have to do a little running on the web but I’m sure you’ll find it. I’ll be looking at a place called Club Sin.” she said giving them their orders. -

There was a collective snicker from the twins. “Don’t have too much fun commander.” the only male member of the squad spoke up. “Don’t make me kick your ass Drake.” Emelie snapped. “This is recon only, find out if he’s a regular, if you do run into him don’t engage. Information ONLY Diana.” She spoke sharply reprimanding the other twin. “Okay, I screwed up one time and you never let me forget!” she protested at being called out by name. “One time?” Drake teased his twin. The sounds of scuffling came through muffled. “How OLD are you two!? Act professional!” Emelie scolded them sharply. Fi and Taarna stayed quiet while the twins bickered and Emelie tried to wrangle them; a task more difficult done than said over coms. The sounds of them trading blows came over the line. Emelie sighed in irritation shutting her eyes as a noisy thump came through.

Their scuffle had devolved into wrestling “Uhg, get off you’re going to pee on me!” Drake spat with a laugh that elicited an angry shriek from his twin sister. That comment instantly drew the ire of four women. “ENOUGH! DO YOUR JOBS!” Emelie shouted over the line before ending the call. Once the irritation faded she told the pilot the destination and the familiar whir of the engines spooling up filled the cabin and the craft. It wasn’t a long flight soaring amidst the tall concrete towers and it certainly beat sitting in traffic on the ground level. During the flight she sent the image file to the rest of their team considering adding a sternly worded note to the twins especially Drake but no… that could wait, best to keep that in person.

- The club looked just about how she expected. A neon outline of a succubus loomed overhead over the red worlds Club Sin written in a long swooping script. Emelie cracked her knuckles rolling her shoulders around before pushing the door open heading inside. Immediately she was greeted by a hazy club lit with a crimson light. A large teched out bouncer stood in her way in the narrow entryway. From behind the inner doors she could hear the bassy thump of music reverberating through the walls. “The piece.” he said with a gruff almost mechanical voice as he gesture at her gun. He watched her sharply, a mechanical compound eye glowing in the dim light of the entryway.

“Yeah yeah.” she said flippantly refusing to be intimidated by the man’s imposing presence. Emelie unclipped the holster from around her thigh handing over the weapon to the man who opened a latch in the wall and tossed it inside. “Have fun.” he said with a laugh. The door opened behind him and she strolled in. The music faded as the song finished and the dancer took a moment leaning against the pole. Her hair was pure white and shimmered. It looked almost pink in the red light. The people dancing on the floor took a moment to catch her breath. The crowd was surprisingly large considering it was still early in the evening. The crowd inside was filled with characters, some augged out some looking relatively natural others standing off to the side smoking doses of Serum5.

- A new song began to play over the speakers https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qYxtiGn6VFI

The dancer stood on stage letting the music slowly roll on. Emelie watched her as she stood there wearing nothing but a skimpy pair of panties and a small strap over her chest. Strips of implanted fillament ran along her skin almost like lengthy tattoos but instead they lit and pulsed to the music. The strips of like ran up her arms, down her midsection and down her legs looking almost like celtic knotts. She was entrancing to watch as she danced to the electronic music. Emelie’s implants attenuated the sheer volume but she could feel the vibrations in her chest. She swayed to the music shutting her eyes still feeling slightly inebriated from the drink she’d had earlier. Emelie wanted to go to a club that she often frequented… dance for a while, see someone whom she could have some fun with.

She enjoyed the song listening and watching when she noticed something peculiar. Middance a glistening wet streak gushed down the dancer’s thigh. It was barely noticable in the smokey atmostphere but the woman’s panty was soaking wet and it was piss! She was pissing herself right on stage! Emelie balked at the sight but nobody seemed to care or notice that the dancer was pissing down her legs as she performed. The liquid puddled on the stage underneath her as she worked her magic. She was disgusted but at the same time… it was so wrong… so deviant in this situation… it was almost enticing. Emelie could swear she saw more than one girl’s pants glistening wet but it was tough to tell in the crowd. 

*024*2018-10-10 05:03

Thank you again for your comments guys o.o still going strong.

The pulsating base of the music continued to vibrate through her chest and the dancer continued to perform as the crowd of partiers carried on. Emelie however had business to attend to. She tore her eyes away from the hypnotic moves of the dancer and scanned the room. The bartender was probably a good place to start but… then again so were the dancers. She drummed her fingers against the thigh of her leather pants before gazing to the bar before back at the stage. Wait… why was she even thinking about this so hard. She would just question them both. Turning towards the bar she stepped forward without looking and smacked straight into a large man who had been watching the dancer. He grunted with irritation glowering at the woman who had ran into him. He must have just walked up while she was zoned out watching the dancer on stage watching in disbelief as she wet herself. Before she could open her mouth to utter a quick apology the man spoke up.

“Ey puta watch it.” He growled. The vest he wore over his shoulders revealed a scarred muscular stomach. She wasn’t intimidated by this tough guy pissant. At least she thought she wasn’t… the wet feeling trapped in her leather pants made her think otherwise. Again it wasn’t much but her thong felt wet and her nethers hot and slippery. It was almost a… pleasurable sensation. She blushed at the thought before returning the man’s glare wiggling her middle finger at him. Niceities had went out the window the moment he insulted her.

- “Pound sand asshole.” She said defiantly, ready to end the conversation and walk towards the bar. Stepping around behind him she felt a large hand grab her by the wrist jerking her back. “You got some mouth on you chica.” He said with a lecherous smirk. She froze, gritting her teeth in irritation. “Let me guess, I should put it to good work?” she said with a snarky edge to her voice. His grip tightened, starting to get painful. “You’re a cocky little shit aren’t you?” he continued. He jerked her back towards him still holding her by the wrist. Her patience had ran out the moment he put his hand on her! She was quicker and before he could react Emelie drove her knee right between the man’s legs. His mouth fell open, he convulsed with pain before crumpling to the ground in a heap of pain.

“Next time keep your hands to yourself.” She taunted, stepping over him towards the bar. She was nobody’s victim. Fortunately security hadn’t seen them making a small commotion though it wasn’t hard to play the girl card in a club like this and sway them to her side regardless of the situation. The bar was crowded… surprisingly crowded for a Monday evening. Clouds of vaporized Serum5 tickled her nose as she waited while people ordered their drinks. Emelie squirmed where she stood, watching the two bartenders carefully deciding on which one to approach. Coming straight out and asking if they had seen an ultralux around the club probably was a ticket to getting kicked out. People who asked questions like that… didn’t often get far. A more subversive touch was required. Emelie let a man go ahead of her who struck up a conversation with the female bartender so she could use her charm against the male.

- “Well don’t you look fierce, what can I get for you darling?” the bartender asked leaning closer so they could hear each other over the music. She put on her best face, flashing large puppy dog eyes at the man. “I’m looking for my sister.” She began. “I know she was here but I haven’t seen her in days and I’m getting worried.” Emelie said, sighing forlornly for emphasis. “She was hanging out with some guy and I just wanted to know if you’d seen him… maybe he was a regular?” she asked hopefully, selling her story as best she could. “Do you have a picture hon?” he asked, concern in his voice. “I can’t promise anything… I see a lot of people around here but I’ll look.” He said with a friendly smile. She retrieved the datachip provided to her from the ai and placed it on the bar. A holographic image of the man sprang up into view.

“What about your sister?” he asked. She pulled out the picture given to her in the case file and laid it on the bar pushing it towards him. “We’re…” she began but lowered her voice. “very wealthy… she might have bought drinks for everyone?” she postulated, hinting at what her sister might have done to jog his memory. “They kind of look familiar and there was some ultralux girl in here the other night. That might’a been her but I don’t know. I didn’t serve them and the girl who was working that night isn’t here. I think they went into one of the private rooms for some dances.” He said pushing the photo back at her. Emelie bit her lip knowing what was coming.

She was smart enough to know that he was going to want some money and to keep the act up she preempted him, pulling out a large bill placing it on the bar. She could get reimbursed through the company later, official business. “Do you think I could talk to the dancer?” she asked, keeping her hand on the money. He watched her for a moment before nodding.

- The bartender took a step away towards the end of the bar leaning over to speak with one of the security. Even with her enhanced hearing, the ambient noise was too much to cut through. She couldn’t hear what was being whispered. The large man nodded and walked off while the bartender returned. “It might be a few minutes. Do you want something to drink while you wait?” he asked. “Whisky on the rocks.” She said with a sweet smile letting him have the bill she had placed on the bar earlier. The buzz from her first drink had started to fade, another sounded delightful. Moments later she had her drink in hand and she was finding herself a booth to sit and wait. She slouched into the thickly padded seat and took a sip of her drink. It wasn’t bad but compared to what she’d had earlier it was swill. The same dancer was still onstage finishing her dance but her attention was drawn to the overflowing line spilling out of the lady’s bathroom.

She took a deep breath and sighed. One girl in line had already lost control, her leggings glistened in the light of the club and a wet puddle radiated from her feet. She could see a few women brazenly just going into the men’s bathroom unwilling or unable to wait any longer. The woman in front, a pale skin blond with black lipstick and an asymmetrical haircut that covered half her face pounded on the bathroom door. Clenching her eyes shut she kept one hand jammed firmly between her legs. Emelie could hear her begging for whomever was inside to open the door. It looked like it was an emergency with the way she was wriggling and hopping in place. Emelie could see her suddenly lock up. She straightened her posture and her eye’s widened. A look of shock graced her face but when Emelie glanced at the woman’s pants… nothing. The woman standing behind her in line looked less than pleased by the development and pinched her nose.

- There was a perverse amusement and an air of superiority the raven haired woman felt. She switched to thermal vision and the sight only confirmed what she already knew. She could barely hear the woman whimper and grunt over the din of the crowd and the music. The glowing orange warmth was mirrored on her bottom when the woman turned to lean her head against the wall. Underneath the woman’s hand clutching the back of her pants was another glowing bulge. Emelie sneered switching back to normal vision as the woman fled with an awkward run. Emelie wrinkled her nose as the woman ran by her table and a foul smell followed.

She took another sip of her drink and glanced back up at the stage. Another dancer had taken the stage whilst she had been walking the show. “Disgusting.” she muttered before a figure glided up to her standing at the end of the table. The dancer stood at the end of the table, a pleasant look on her face; the filament strips embedded in her skin pulsating softly with light as the music played behind them. “They said you were looking for your sister?” she asked with a compassionate smile. Emelie looked up and returned the smile. “Yes… I was just wondering if you’d seen or the guy she was with.” she said.

- The woman nodded slowly “Yes, I recall who you were talking about. She was most generous.” she said softly. The woman hadn’t redressed yet, still wearing just a pair of panties and a thing strap around her chest that barely covered her nipples. Emelie noticed that they were still damp but didn’t say anything despite the smell of urine wafting to her nose.

“Is there anything specific you’d like to know?” the dancer asked. “Um… well have you seen them before? Err the guy she was with specifically.” she asked hopefully. The dancer looked pensive for a moment thinking before shaking her head. “No… I’m sorry.” she said with a frown. “I’ve never seen them here before the other night.” she said, an airy aloof quality to her voice. Emelie forced a crestfallen look. “Oh...” she sighed. This lead was cold… hopefully the others would have some luck. “Well, thank you for your time and… you should probably go clean up.” Emelie said, unable to resist. The dancer reached down running her fingers along the moist fabric of her panties. “Yes… I should...” she agreed, seemingly unphased by having wet herself while performing. “It’s been happening a lot lately to the performers but the patrons don’t seem to mind.” the dancer said.

- Emelie gulped down the rest of her drink before sliding out of the booth thanking the dancer again before hastily departing the club. She collected her piece from the bouncer at the door before exiting out into the early evening. The city air seemed fresh compared to the air inside the club. She felt a little dizzy from all the vaped Serum floating around the club. She took a deep breath, between the second drink and the second hand vape she was feeling good. Shutting her eyes she ran her hands through her hair enjoying the feeling of her fingertips running across her scalp. She sent out a message to her team asking for a status update. Taarna and Fi came back with nothing yet but the twins seemed like they may be onto something. There was nothing for it now.

“Fi, Taarna. If the twins find something go back them up if needed then call it a night. Club Sin was a bust. They were there once but probably won’t be back. He’s not a regular. I think I’m done for the night. Let me know if anything comes up.” Emelie said. Fi’s voice came through the link “Will do commander.” the redhead responded before letting the call go. It was time to enjoy the night, her team could follow up on the rest of the leads. Maybe have a few more drinks, do some dancing herself but whom to go see.

Glancing back up at the sign she could feel some butterflies in her stomach. She could have some fun with Joshua but… likely Lynd would get in the way of that. She was going to have to take her off his hands some time tonight… Or there was Aria. She gave a little shudder at the memory of their last encounter. Unlike Joshua who worked in a position like she and lived fast and loose Aria owned and operated a successful string of nightclubs under the name Virulence. Similar to the club she’d just been in but different. She started walking back to where the aircar had let her out debating whom to call for a night of fun.

$$

$$

$$

$$

