A collection of Tales

Author: EEKIGOTTAPEE

*000*2020-10-29 14:22

Hello everyone!

I am going to start writing a collection of tales. I will probably write about 1 story a week. These stories will be relatively short (a couple paragraphs).

I will write the first one by November 5th, (a week). I might have it done by Friday.

The stories will mostly be centered around females, but there will be some male characters.

There will be wetting and messing, and fear.

I will try to avoid swearing.

Thanks, EekIGottaGo

*001*2020-10-29 17:33

Tale 1 Teaser

I was ready. I knew I was. I had to be.

Today, I will become a true Elf. I will join my people in the Hunt. I will go from a Moon Elf to a Blood Elf.

You should know, my name is Araya, and I was left in the forest as a baby, for that is the way of those who wish their child to be a Blood Elf. The Moon Elves found me, and I grew up with them.

They taught me the art of combat, the bow, the katanas, the throwing knife, and many other instruments of death. They taught me how to walk without noise, to climb trees is seconds, to leap across a thin branch that could snap with you weight, how to move with the grace of one without weight. My teacher, the great Yalanilue herself, taught me how to kill. I was taught that humans were lesser, that they could not match the grace or beauty of an elf. Occasionally, silly humans wander into our woods. When that happens, I am allowed to test my skills. When the Masters think I am ready, I am allowed to take the final test. When this happens, we wait until a human comes. Then, I go after them, and kill them.

The quieter I am, the higher of a rank I will be given. The highest ranked elves are the Masters. They teach they young elves the arts. The next best are the assassins. They spent their time killing those who offend the Elves. It is very easy to offend elves, so they always have something to do. After that, there are the Fighters. They fight in an arena for glory. Finally, there are Blacksmiths, who make weapons, and keep them in good condition. If you do not become one of these, you are sent to live with the Moon Elves. The Moon elves are the same as the Blood elves, but they do not have the same thirst for blood. Instead they spend their days with the birds, up in their treehouses. All elves live in treehouses, but the Moon elves are not camouflaged like the rest. Instead, they are decorated to stand out.

It is now my chance to prove myself. I think that. I KNOW that I am good enough to at least be a fighter.

I stop that train of thought, as the human comes closer. She is clearly trying to be quiet, but she sounded like an elephant to my sensitive ears. I slunk across the tree, and dropped soundlessly to the ground. I crept up behind her, and unleashed my daggers. They were not my favorite weapons, but they were what the Masters said I had to use. As the human was peering around a tree, I threw two daggers, one towards each side of her neck, to pin her down. The daggers hit dead on.

"Not a sound out of you or I'll slice your throat", I whispered, threateningly. As she stared at me, I heard a quiet hissing noise. She was peeing herself.

Sure enough, a wet spot started growing near her crotch.

"Turn around and put your hands behind your back." I demanded. As she did so, I saw that there was a large brown spot on her bottom. Disgusting. Humans are so gross, pooping in their pants when they get frightened.

I bound her and took her only weapon, a small knife, strapped to her belt.

I walked over to where the Masters were standing. They were frowning.

That can never be good. I really hope I am a Blacksmith. Please don't send me to the Moon Elves.

All these thoughts tumbled around in my head.

"Araya", my mentor said. "We have decided that you will become a..."

