Daisy's Double Desperation

Author: venus 2

*000*2021-04-21 08:50

Hey all! this is my first omorashi story! i've had this kink and been viewing the site for a long time, and finally had an idea i liked enough to try my hand. i've written a lot already and the story i have in mind neatly divides in two, so expect the second part as a reply to this thread sometime in the future.

Some content warnings: this story contains poop desperation so if that's too gross for you then you probably shouldn't read it! also, i am headcanoning a beloved mario character as trans so if that's a turnoff for you then uhh eat girldick lmao

Daisy's Double Desperation (Part 1)

Princess Daisy lived for this: the wind in her hair, gripping the handlebars of her motorcycle, cutting a fast path through the chaos. Racing in the Mushroom Kingdom was wild, but she was up to the challenge! There just wasn't anything else quite like speeding past all the competition.

She loved the joy of the sport itself, but to be honest, she loved showing off too. She often did flashy tricks on her bike as she raced, gathering gasps and applause from the crowd. What's more, she wore a skintight bodysuit, with a bold white and orange color scheme. She insisted it was just more practical on a motorcycle, but she went commando underneath, and the suit closely outlined her boobs, butt, and... her dick. Daisy was trans, and her girldick was noticeable in the form of a cute bulge at the front of her suit. She was far from modest. She loved showing off her body and feeling sexy.

During this particular race, though, she was a lot less exuberant and self-assured. There were no flashy tricks this time. Though she would never admit it, she'd forgotten to use the bathroom before the race. And it was quickly getting very, very bad. She cursed regretfully and squeezed her legs against the sides of her bike, desperately trying to contain the ocean in her bladder. It was all she could do to avoid spilling her pee into the inside of her suit, which would no doubt be very visible to onlookers. She couldn't let that happen.

But the situation was even worse than that. She groaned as her stomach gurgled, her bowels pushing to evacuate out the other end. She clenched her round butt cheeks, but couldn't stop a tiny fart from escaping. How many more of those did she have before something solid came out? Holding from both ends while also having to do the race was overwhelming. She tried to hide her need, but her face was a little flushed from the effort.

The race was almost over. She repeated in her mind: I can make it. I can make it. Ahead of her: fellow princesses Peach and Rosalina, respectively clad in pink and blue. Their cute butts hovered over their seats; Daisy had convinced them to wear bodysuits too. (For practical reasons!)

But now wasn't the time to think about that! They were about to win! Daisy quickly used a mushroom to turbocharge her engine (again, Mushroom Kingdom racing is weird). Her bike shot forward, and she held on for dear life, clenching harder down below. Despite her best efforts, a tiny bit of pee dribbled out of the end of her cock and into the crotch of her suit. She whipped across the finish line... just behind Peach, who was just behind Rosalina. "Nooo!" she shouted.

Oh well. Third place wasn't bad, and she was honestly less concerned with the outcome of the race than she was with keeping her suit dry and clean. She forced herself to smile and wave at the crowd, hoping to keep up appearances. She drove off the course with the others, excited to finally be able to use a toilet. Almost there!

But then she was hit with a horrible realization. Third place was good enough to participate in the awards ceremony, standing on the podium. To keep things swift and exciting for the audience, competitors were expected to be ready for the ceremony as quickly as possible. Dressing rooms were provided to freshen up a little... but no toilets. Daisy was sent into a panic. Oh no no no!

I'm... just gonna have to hold it! It seemed impossible, but there just didn't appear to be any option.

Idly she realized the top three was all princesses. She was good friends with Peach and Rosalina, and now she'd have to be humiliated in front of them, holding herself in their shared dressing room. This was shaping up to be an awful day.

###

Off the bike, back indoors, in a hallway leading to the dressing room. Peach and Rosalina were farther ahead, just entering the room. Daisy was farther behind. Finally, she didn't have any eyes on her. She started holding her crotch openly, hand clamped hard over her penis. She immediately got some small relief just from being able to contain herself properly. Bent over, her shapely ass (covered in tight fabric) sticking out, she slowly began walking to the dressing room. She needed to pee so badly. How was she supposed to get through this?

All her focus was on holding it now, but it was so difficult. Partway to the door, she gasped as a spurt of pee shot out of her! She felt the warmth spread around her dick. She immediately regained control, but felt awful. She was already losing it! She hazarded inspecting the damage. A small dark spot over her bulge, small enough that people probably wouldn't notice when she was on the podium. Just then, a loud, wet fart trumpeted rudely from her butt, reminding her of her other need. Now she had one hand clamped over her dick and another over her butt, and in this fashion, she made it to the dressing room without further incident.

The dressing room was dominated by a wall of four lit mirrors, with a long desk beneath and chairs in front. It was traditional for competitors to wear their racing outfits on the podium, so the other two princesses weren't changing. Instead, they were casually putting on makeup.

Peach turned to look as Daisy entered. She brightly spoke, "Oh, hello Daisy! Are... are you quite alright?" Her always-pleasant tone shifted to concern as she saw Daisy, doubled over and obviously in pain.

"I- er- aagh!" Daisy tried to reply but couldn't form any coherent words. She was on the brink of completely losing control. Desperately, she scanned the room for something, anything that could save her. She spotted a small trash can in the corner.

Would she...?

She had to.

She rushed past the other two girls to the trash can, not listening to what Peach was saying. Just a few seconds longer! She was there, in front of the can. Frantically, she pulled down the zipper on the back of her suit. Thank god it didn't get stuck. She started quickly taking off the suit, exposing her perky breasts. Rosalina was looking now too, and Peach was shocked into silence.

A second later, her suit had fallen down around her ankles. She was faced away from the others. Her generous ass was fully visible, as was (just barely) her penis, dangling below. Someone standing in front of her would see she was uncut, and had a small vertical strip of pubic hair. She squatted over the can (her genitals meant she could stand to pee, but she preferred not to). At long last, she let go.

It started as a trickle, but only a second or two later her piss was shooting out in a powerful jet, hissing loudly as it hit the inside of the can. She quietly moaned as her glistening golden stream finally made its way out of her, overcome with relief. The feeling bordered on orgasmic. The squatting position she was in caused her buttocks to be ever so slightly separated, her anus just barely visible. As she peed, a loooong fart escaped her, made silent by how her cheeks were spread. It felt so good, it made her relax even more.

Finally her stream died back down to a trickle, then to sporadic drips, then stopped. She shook her penis a little to get the last drops off, and remembered her friends were behind her, watching the whole thing.

Her face flushed, she sloowly turned around, still naked, dreading to see their reactions. Peach was blushing furiously, her hands covering her face. Rosalina was just smirking, leaning on her chair.

Rosa chuckled, but somehow in a way that seemed friendly and lighthearted, not mocking. "You really needed to go, hmm?"

Daisy stammered back. "Y-yeah... oh my gosh yeah..." Something about the way Rosa spoke made her feel instantly less ashamed.

Peach slowly uncovered her face, staring at Daisy's naked body. Peach squeaked, "W-well... at least you did it before the ceremony..."

Daisy was relieved they didn't make fun of her. Of course they didn't! They were friends! "Yeah... I- Nnnngh!" Daisy was interrupted by a stomach cramp. She squeezed her naked cheeks together, slowly wiggling her hips. Something newly dense and solid was pushing, hard. There wasn't anything to wipe with. She absolutely could not shit in the trash can. Peeing in it was already mortifying. She held it together.

Peach's expression turned back to worry. "Oh dear..."

An angry voice barked over the intercom. "You girls need to get out there to the ceremony NOW!"

Daisy tried to protest. "But-" The intercom shut off. Crying a little, she started putting her bodysuit back on.

Rosalina wasn't sure what to do, but she wanted to help. She went up to Daisy (who was still exposed from the waist up as she dressed herself) and put her hand on her shoulder. Rosa spoke soothingly. "Hey... it's a short ceremony, alright? You can make it through. We're both pulling for you."

Daisy wiped her tears away. "Thanks." Rosa was right. She couldn't give up now! She could do this! She put her suit on all the way, and the three of them filed out of the dressing room.

Daisy was hit by another cramp, bent over, and stumbled for a moment. Maybe she could do this, but it was going to be painful.

*001*2021-08-21 09:27

Sorry for the long delay, here’s part 2!

Note: this part contains messing. also i headcanon another mario character as trans. worse, i headcanon yet another mario character as CIS. if you can handle such degeneracy, read on…

Daisy’s Double Desperation: Part 2

Princess Daisy was in trouble, but determined. She’d at least managed to avoid having to hold her pee through the ceremony, which was a genuine weight off her. And everyone goes number two less often than peeing, so holding that in should be easier, right?

She told herself this, but she wasn’t so sure. Now that she thought about it, it’d been at LEAST a couple days since she’d done... that. Her bowels were contracting rhythmically now, pushing insistently. Keeping it in was now a constant struggle.

Peach and Rosalina looked worried and sympathetic, but there was nothing they could do. The three of them walked briskly down the hallway (Daisy inelegantly squeezing her buttocks together with her hands), awkward and silent.

The princesses opened a set of double doors and stepped out into the light of Mario Kart Stadium. Daisy, in public now, was forced to stop holding herself physically, instead settling for clenching her butt as tight as she could. The hall opened up beneath the bleachers; the three were now on the carefully-manicured turf beside the racetrack. The sound of the crowd was deafening, packed with colorful spectators from many different kingdoms. A podium had been set up on the grass.

The trio strode toward the podium, doing their best to exude confidence. Daisy power-walked, putting on a fake smile, at one point glancing over her shoulder and waving at the crowd. She was determined to convince everyone that nothing was wrong, even as she barely held it together.

Suddenly, her tummy growled, and her self-assured gait was interrupted. She stumbled a little as her load pushed harder, and began to actually move. She squeezed herself shut tight, but despite her efforts a long, wet, bubbly fart erupted from her ass. Every bit of gas remaining was forcibly evacuated to make room for...

Deep between her soft buttocks, her anus began to open up as a heavy log insistently pushed against it. If only she hadn’t let out so much gas when she’d peed earlier, maybe she’d have more of a buffer now! Horrified, she clenched as hard as she could, fighting the waves of desperation, and, miraculously, it retreated.

All this felt like an eternity, but truthfully it took place over only a few seconds. Haltingly, stiffly now, she resumed walking. The deafening crowd had masked her... noises, and as far as anyone could tell from the bleachers she had just stopped for a moment for unclear reasons. Sweating all over, she took a deep, shaky breath. She could do this.

At least the ceremony was about to begin, without unnecessary delay. Though maybe if the organizers weren’t so obsessed with timeliness, she’d have been able to use the damn bathroom first!

Daisy stepped on the third place spot, the lowest, on the far left. If she’d thought to swallow her pride and hit the brakes to take fourth place, she wouldn’t be in this mess. Recognizing this now wasn’t doing her any good, though. Peach and Rosa stepped up too, taking third (opposite Daisy) and first (in the middle, highest of all).

Daisy was tense. Her anus was winking now. She was constantly on the verge of making a mess, and couldn’t stop thinking about how amazing it’d feel to let it all out. She just needed to make it through the ceremony…!

Three Toads emerged from the hall. (Not the animal, silly! These were people, short in stature, with mushroom hats. Or mushroom-shaped heads? Peach would know, but Daisy was far too preoccupied to ask.) Each of them stepped forth. They stopped a few yards from the podium, holding medals. One of them stepped up to Daisy.

This was her moment. All cameras on her. If she wanted to convince the crowd nothing was wrong, she had to show off her customary Daisy charm! That seemed... extraordinarily risky to her, but she reasoned that if she could pull it off without losing it, that’d really be the least embarrassing outcome for her. No one would suspect a thing, right?

She didn’t have a mic on her, so it was all in the body language. She’d practiced what she was about to do many times (though admittedly never while desperate to go). In one swift, fluid motion, she scooped up the medal and placed it around her neck. Then she settled into a pose: leaning right, but with her waist jutting out to the left, her left hand placed on her hip, her right hand making a “2” sign next to her beaming face. Perfect!

Almost perfect. Her butt had relaxed throughout all of this. Her bowels took the opportunity to push harder than they had before. As the camera turned to Peach, a log unceremoniously slid partway out of Daisy’s ass. A crackle was heard. From the outside, a bulge suddenly poked out between her tightly spandex-clad buttocks. It finally stopped moving, still partially lodged inside her.

Daisy froze, panicked. Was this really happening? Nobody seemed to have noticed; all attention was on Peach and Rosalina. She was still trying to keep her expression chipper.

It was really there. Daisy could feel the product of her failure, escaped from her shapely butt at the worst possible time. And yet nobody had acknowledged this?

She finally recognized some good news. She was facing TOWARD the crowd, and they couldn’t hear her at all. Nobody knew what happened. And with the exit straight ahead below the bleachers, maybe she could keep it that way!

Rosalina was awarded her gold medal, the audience cheering. The need for a brisk schedule being paramount, it was time for the princesses to leave. They stepped down from the podium and walked across the grass.

Daisy walked awkwardly, her eyes locked forward, trying to prevent more coming out. There wasn’t much she could do with her log partially out already though, and she shuddered as her stomach gurgled and her bowels started pushing again. She did her best to maintain her stride as the bulge on her rear grew. Finally, the whole thing was in her jumpsuit. She felt genuinely better, but knew there was more coming.

Somehow, the audience still didn’t notice. Daisy breathed a sigh of relief as the trio passed safely through the doors, into the hallway and out of sight.

Peach and Rosalina immediately turned to Daisy, concerned. “Are you alright?” asked Rosa. “Oh, dear,” Peach said, peeking at Daisy’s bottom and seeing the damage.

Daisy blushed deeply, mortified that the other princesses could see her like this, and starts to cry. “I- I’m so- I…”

“It’s okay,” Rosalina soothed. “It could happen to anyone. And you were great out there! No one in the audience could’ve been able to tell.” She hugged Daisy.

“You mean that?” Daisy replied.

“Of course.”

“Thank you…!” Daisy smiled and relaxed in the hug. As a result of her relaxing, another loud fart fired from her buttocks, and she tensed back up, pushing away from the hug. “O-oh, but I still need to go! And we’re so far from a bathroom, I can’t make it!”

“Don’t panic!” Rosalina says. “Come with us to the dressing room. I have a plan.”

And so the three walked together, Daisy moaning and squirming, involuntarily letting out little farts along the way. Peach blushed. She would never admit it, but Daisy’s predicament was exciting. Another thing she would never admit: she, too, needed to go at both ends. She clenched her butt, hoping this would be over soon.

And then, they were back in the dressing room.

“Okay,” Rosa began, “I have a spell that’s guaranteed to destroy everything attached to your body, but never your body itself. It can’t destroy living matter, and it’s basically the most powerful cleaning spell I have.”

“Oh my gosh! You can just get rid of the mess?” Daisy replied, astonished.

“That’s right! I couldn’t do it before the ceremony because it only works if it’s outside your body.”

“Ohhh. Then I guess I should… let the rest out now?”

“Well… yes.”

Peach felt her nipples harden. She couldn’t believe this was about to happen.

“Okay…” Daisy looked at the two of them. “Do you wanna watch?”

Peach blushed furiously. “How- W-why would-“

Daisy giggles mischievously. “Don’t think I don’t notice when you get horny!”

Peach stammered, defeated. “…Y-yes. Please.”

Daisy smirked. It seemed she’d get to show off today after all. She turned around and bent forward a bit, showing off the curvature of her ass, and pushed.

What happened next was a cacophony, almost indescribable. A hurricane of farts emerged, and then the bulge expanded again. The tight suit smooshed it against her bottom, but it just kept coming.

Peach still needed to go. Still, she watched, her pussy wet (not with pee). She never thought she’d get to see this. She starts rubbing herself through the fabric. But the sight was making it harder to hold her own needs. Her ass was bigger than Daisy or Rosa’s, hugged very tight by her pink suit. She let a fart escape, a long one, quiet but not silent. Uncharacteristically, she almost didn’t care.

Rosalina wasn’t as enraptured as Peach, but she felt her girldick get semi-hard. She was sort of into this too, although arousal hadn’t been her goal.

As Daisy pushed, she asked another question. “C-couldn’t you have done it at the ceremony? After I shat myself?”

“Well, no,” Rosa explained. “It destroys things attached to your body, so you’ll lose your clothes too. Not fun in front of a crowd!”

A hissing sound was heard. Daisy finished by peeing again; she must still have had some left. A clear wetness on the fabric spread from her dick down her legs. Finally, it stopped.

“Okay,” Daisy said, “I’m ready.”

Rosa summoned her wand, and cast her spell. “Wait, no!” The thing went haywire, and the whole room filled with light.

The dust settled. “I’m so sorry! Is anyone hurt?” Rosa said.

“No!”

“Nope!” They weren’t injured.

The spell worked perfectly on Daisy. She was naked, and perfectly clean from head to toe, even between her buttocks.

Unfortunately, it had also worked on the others. Peach and Rosa gasped as they realized they were naked!

“Oh!” Peach covered herself. Rosa chuckled, making no effort to cover her large breasts and her cock. “I’m sorry, I’m just glad nobody’s hurt.”

Peach went to her bag and rifled through it, her bare, generous ass sticking out, clenching. “My clothes are gone!”

Daisy’s face fell. She checked her own bag. “Here too! The spell destroyed all our clothes! How are we gonna get out of here without anyone seeing?”

Rosa frowned, then got an idea. “We have this room to ourselves. All we have to do is wait a few hours for everyone to leave, and sneak out when the stadium is closed!”

Daisy relaxed. “Oh, of course! I should’ve thought of that.”

Peach wasn’t so reassured. She felt a wave of pressure on her urethra. Meanwhile, a fart started bubbling up and she began actively squeezing herself shut to contain it. She just nodded. “Mmm-hmm.”

(to be continued! if you like this story, please leave a comment! it makes it much easier to get motivation!)

