Trapped On The Job

Author: FUBOT

*000*2021-10-11 20:09

The other week my SO and I worked on a pixel animation of a wetting and messing incident. After we were done I decided to write a short story to match the animation, so here is that story.

I've edited the pixel animation to just be the wetting incident, and I'll try to post it here (as I believe the messing accident would be against the rules for the site).

May Holdall is Trapped On The Job

Part 1: Drip Coffee

Desperation, Wetting

The breakfast rush at the Tiki-Time Bikini Hut was finally over. The long line of cars in the early morning would pile in on both sides of the little bikini barista shop, on its little corner lot by a gas station. The customers drove up and ordered drinks with ridiculous themed names like the Luau Latte, tapped the hula girl before putting money in the tip cup, and most importantly of all they ogled the young women who worked the stand in bright bikinis.

But today’s breakfast rush had been worse than usual. While there were usually two ladies working the Tiki-Time, able to support each other and give their opposite a break if necessary, Alice called in sick at the last moment. That left May to work the stand all alone, through the rush, hours of work with no relief.

Relief was the key word on May’s mind as the last car drove off. That morning she made herself a massive coffee as she was prepping the Hut to open for the morning. Then as the cascade of calls came in from Alice, her boss, and other coworkers saying they couldn’t replace her, May downed her coffee out of nervous habit. By the time she was done with the first few cars, she already knew she was going to need a bathroom break eventually. She didn’t have the option to just close her window and let Alice handle the rest of the load either.

Worse than that, even on a slow day where she drank her drink over the course of the day, Mary’s morning coffee had the bad habit of waking up her bowels. Usually it wasn’t a problem, she could ignore the rumblings and stomach pressure for long enough to run to the restroom at the gas station or supermarket. She was a healthy girl, and while she would never dream of describing her movements to anyone but a medical professional, her productions were could be described as ‘a bane to toilets’.

So today, alone through the rush, May had relief on her mind. Even the smallest movements made the sloshing of her bladder obvious, and there was a second problem that she definitely needed to void as soon as she could. All she had to do was close up the window for a bit. Even if Eddie, the owner, wouldn’t like missing a few customers, it was a better option than May making a mess in the hut.

May took a sigh of relief, and reached up to grab the shutter to pull it down, when she heard a loud honk from a car. Her stomach jumped, and a tingle went through her body, but she shook it off and looked to see the approaching car. If it was just one order she could bang it out and then go find the relief her bladder needed.

Then she saw a grey coupe approaching with a little raccoon tail tied to the antennae, and she felt a chill in the air.

It was Tony, aka Tony the Talker. He was an older man that every employee of the Tiki-Time knew by name. While creepers were a common problem when you had to have your cleavage out for every customer you served, Tony was a different problem. He seemed to think that the best way to make the girls at the Tiki-Time like him was to tell them every asinine thing that happened to him since he last saw them. He was a fisher and hunter, had a little garden in his yard, and May knew the full details of every catch, kill, and harvest the old man had for the last few years.

While May wanted nothing more than to close the door in Tony’s face and walk away, Tony and Eddie were also great friends. Julie was one of the best workers at the Tiki-Time a few months ago, but she made the mistake of letting out one heavy sigh while dealing with Tony and a week later she was fired for ‘not respecting customers or showing proper dedication to customer service.’ This was the same Julie who once leaped out the window to do CPR on a choking customer. To keep it simple, everyone was on their best behavior around Tony.

His car came to a slow stop, and May gave him a wide smile and a little nod. Tony’s eyes were already on her chest. He was usually respectful to start, but his eyes did wander.

“Little May, they have a pretty young lady like you working all by yourself? That’s a shame.”

May shrugged, making sure to push her assets forward as her shoulders came up and in. She kept smiling, but she was squeezing her thighs in as well. She was so close to being able to walk over to the bathroom, and her bladder knew it. She squeezed everything below her waist, and could feel the pang from the pressure as her body warned her not to let this go on for long.

“I’m just doing my best. What can I get for you today, Tony?” She said.

He let out a slow laugh, and made a point of slowly going over the menu. While the sign was about chest level for most of the girls, at May’s height it was obvious when Tony’s eyes would dart between the prices and then down to her cleavage. She was a good head or two shorter than most of the girls, and they were already generally short. As Tony put it in one of his creepier moments, she was ‘fun sized’.

May kept her thighs squeezed tight as he reviewed the prices. She smiled, leaning over the counter just a bit to hopefully keep him content. She just needed him to choose an item, and she would be free.

“You know, Little May, the price on the hot chocolate always reminds me of my boat, I’ve told you about my boat right?

May suppressed a scream as she nodded. He was going to go into a boat story, now, while she was holding back the flood of her whole extra large coffee demanding to meet the carpet. All she could do is squeeze her legs and hold on to for dear life, trying to make sure he didn’t notice her predicament. She felt a wave of desperation come over her, and she switched from one leg to another, in some vain attempt to make her body think she was at least on the way to solve the problem.

But he was still talking. She could barely make out what he was saying, but she knew she wasn’t going to get a word in. She focused on nodding her head, looking attentive, and containing the torrent between her legs. When moving her legs became too much of a reminder that she wasn’t going anywhere, she stamped both her feet down, brought her knees together, and squeezed her thighs and buttocks together as tight as she could. She could hold, she had to hold, because the alternative was humiliating to even think about. It was just a conversation with an old man, she could last that much longer, and then waddle across the parking lot to find sweet relief.

“…she doesn’t go that fast anymore, but you should have seen her back when I first got her. Maybe one of these days I could take you and some of the other ladies out there, you would love the sound of the waves lapping against the side of the boat…”

Even knowing he was talking about bodies of water was like a slow drip of liquid in May’s mind. He kept droning on, and his words crashed against her like wave after wave. She took slow breaths through her nose, and squeezed for all she could. Her muscles were already tired from the rush. She didn’t have to worry about it before, she was going to be free and clear, but now her legs were wavering as she focused all of her power to one small area. She couldn’t let the dam burst. If she didn’t, it wasn’t like she could hide it. Her ‘uniform’, if you could call it that, was just a thong that was riding so far up her ass that it was a wonder to her it didn’t come out a new more earthy color in the afternoons. She would soak it immediately, the material would dampen and sag, and it would all come pouring down her legs and soak into her white thigh-highs that she thought were a cute choice for the day.

She snapped herself back to attention. Her thoughts were turning to doom, she was on the verge of giving up. She had to hold on, even if Tony refused to shut the hell up. She was a grown woman, no matter how often Tony called her ‘little’. She wasn’t going to leak, make a mess, or anything else. She was going to hold out and then when he left she was going to slam the gate in the face of any other idiot that decided to drive up at the last second. Her boss could do whatever he wanted to her at that point.

“…It is a tough little ship though. Another ship clipped me the other day, we were on the docks you see, but it still managed to get me. I wasn’t moving, it wasn’t my fault, but that doesn’t change what happened…”

He was still going on. May interjected with a little chuckle, but she didn’t dare press him on ordering. It was suicidal. But she was running out of time, she could tell. Her whole body was pressed down now, trying to keep everything contained. She had more than her bladder to worry about, but for now that was more than enough of a problem. Her bladder was aching full, and her little muscles were starting to quiver. Her legs were trembling, like small spasms going up and down her thighs every few seconds. Unless Tony decided to order right now and leave, she was facing an absolute crisis.

“…The leak isn’t too bad. I mean, you’ll get a little bit of water, whole lot a’ bit if I let it get bad, but it isn’t enough to ruin the whole trip…”

She was fucked. It was like her whole body was shivering, just enough that she had to try to stand straighter so Tony wouldn’t notice. She couldn’t hold on much longer, her little hole was so tired, she lasted so long by herself. But one girl could only do so much.

She couldn’t hold in a small gasp as she felt a small damp heat at her groin. She blinked hard to fight to tears she wanted to let loose. She couldn’t cry, not while Tony was there. But she was leaking, she knew it. Like a kid too stupid to ask to head to the bathroom, she was standing inside a booth and pissing herself. Would he hear it? If Tony heard, she was fired for sure.

Tony reacted to her gasp, “I know, amazing right?” It seemed he thought she was reacting to some pointless thing he said.

Another drop found release, and then another. Her arms tightened and her toes slowly met at a point in front of her, and then her pee-hole gave up a long jet of piss. For May it may as well have been a pipe bursting, she could hear the hissing as the hot pee darkened and weighted down the little fabric of her red bikini. Her stomach sank, and for a moment she forgot the rest of the world. She couldn’t hear Tony’s stupid monologue, she didn’t know where she was, she couldn’t see the gas station across from her. All she could feel was the spray releasing from her, and all she could hear is the torrent fighting through the thin material. She wanted to just sink into a hole and never be seen again, but she stood there and smiled.

“You doing okay there, little May?” Tony asked.

Her eyes widened. He noticed! He knew that rivulets of hot urine were criss-crossing down her inner thighs, tickling her slightly as they met halfway down and then made a beeline for her clean white stockings.

“Oh don’t mind me, Tony,” May said with a giggle. “You just had me imagining the water. Last time I was on a boat I got splashed bad, I was dripping wet for the rest of the day. But I bet it would be better out there on the Hot Chocolate.”

Tony almost seemed shocked that she had something to say back. He chuckled at her, oblivious to May standing right in front of him and pissing herself like a child, or some kind of deviant.

“You just looked a little pale there for a second,” Tony said, “but you’re right that a trip out to sea is all about the vessel. Let me tell you…”

May focused on looking as normal as she could. Eventually her bladder was empty enough that she contained the rest, but the damage was done. Her legs were hot with her voided contents, but she could feel a slight breeze from the small fan they kept at foot level to fight the heat during the warmer days. She did it, there was no denying it, and anyone who saw her would know it right away. She couldn’t look down, but she was sure her bikini bottoms were a dark crimson now, and her stockings were dark and staining with every second. But what could she do? At least that pressure was gone. For now, she would just have to cry on the inside and wait for Tony to leave so she could finish her business in peace.

Her stomach gurgled, and her muscles tightened once again.

Hopefully he wouldn’t stay so long that she ended up with another problem. She was well past due for her morning visit to the toilet, and with the coffee, well she didn’t have long before her body wanted that out as well. But there was no way he would take that long.

She clenched her butthole, and her stomach responded with an ominous shift of her bowels.

$$

*002*2021-10-18 04:00

So here goes that second part that was promised. As I said before, this is the messing part. If you aren't into that, you know what to do. Since an exposed mess isn't allowed here, I'm going to put the gif on twitter and then I'll link to that so people can find it if they want to.

May Holdall is Trapped on the Job

Part 2: Dropped Grounds

Desperation, Messing

She was fine. Despite wetting herself like a child, she was confident that she could hold in everything else. Her day could only get so mortifying, she hadn’t done anything to deserve this day getting any worse.

May’s stomach gurgled, and she worried that it was loud enough that Tony would be able to hear it. But nothing seemed to stop his story. He had his phone out now, and was going through pictures. They were all at terrible angles and showed the deck of a boat or a cloud-filled sky. It had little to do with what he was currently explaining, which was something about cargo loads and balancing a ship.

It was well past time for her to go, and she questioned if this job was worth trying to hold out for this older creep’s conversation. It was an easy job to do, most of the time, and she got paid better than most barista. She didn’t like dealing with creeps every day, but she didn’t hate the occasional compliment. Some people were better at it than others, and having someone tell her she had a nice smile or voice always gave her a genuine pick up. Plus the job market was hard, and she didn’t have a ton of other skills. She got good hours, she had friends here, her best friends.

For now, she would just smile and nod.

She could feel the pressure building in her bowels as they shouted their urge to move. Then the first big cramp went through her lower stomach. She had to fight off wincing out loud, but the pain made her clench even harder. Time was getting short, she had an escapee at the gate and the bars were rattled as it begged for release. May could feel the pressure at her forbidden hole, but she took in a slow breath and held on tight. It wasn’t going anywhere just yet!

“…It is all about keeping it tied off tight, so nothing comes falling out. It ain’t easy, but once you’ve been on the water as long as me you get a knack for it…”

May gave Tony a little giggle to make him feel better, and he stopped long enough to chuckle in response. But then he went right back into it.

Why didn’t he realize that no one wanted to listen to him talk for this long? She was in the middle of a potty emergency, no a full blown disaster, and he was deep into the specifics of his nautical career. She didn’t understand any of it, and she didn’t want to participate in the conversation even if she did. She wanted to get him his coffee, rush to the bathroom, and drop a giant load of her own.

Instead she had to stand there and seem undisturbed while a brown bombshell was fighting to get free.

Her lower stomach felt hot, and her muscles were tight to the point of hurting. She didn’t dare let relax though, not anymore. She could feel that at this point her body was ready to release at a moment’s notice.

She needed to center herself, find her inner strength, and ride out the wave. Tony’s voice seemed distant again, like he was talking through a megaphone but was a thousand yards away. He was audible, but everything he had to say was merged into a heavy murmuring that was easy to ignore. May’s muscles were clenched up tight, and she tried to stare through Tony instead of really perceiving him.

At some point May read that the body works on a sort of clock or rhythm. Maybe it was during health class, one of only a couple times she was really paying attention. Your biorhythm would pick up or go down, and because of that there were times where you would really feel the urge to go in the same way that you sometimes just feel tired. If she could ride this peak, her urge would go down and she would be safe until the rhythm came back around again.

Another cramp went through her stomach, and May fought it off. Her little hole felt like it was poking against the material of her bikini, and she bet that anyone looking from behind would be able to make out the slightly darkened skin of that constricted ring. But she held on tight without so much as a visible grimace. The cramp subsided and May felt a wave of relief. She could hold on, she was going to make it just fine.

She could feel the growing heat, the growing pressure, but it wasn’t the worst pain she ever felt. She held on, resisted one cramp, and then another. The whole while Tony kept up his story.

May continued her valiant fight, but reached a point that she was dreading. Her stomach was roiling. It was no longer just a heat, but a heavy weight that was making it hard to concentrate. She didn’t have to try to ignore Tony anymore, it was becoming hard to understand what he was talking about regardless. Her scalp felt sweaty, and her arms were tired from her pressing down onto the counter to give her some place to focus.

But then the moment came, it felt like her stomach relaxed. The heat became a simmer, and the mess waiting to escape seemed to retreat. It was a moment of victory. She was even able to relax her buttocks for a moment. It seemed like madness, but she actually made it to the other side. It wasn’t perfect, she still had a mighty need to go, but she wasn’t going to explode any second. It was like that grumble from your stomach after you are awake for 10 minutes.

“…The storms are unpredictable too. You think, just stay away from storm clouds, but that ain’t quite all of it. One second everything will seem safe and then BOOM!”

Tony’s story was picking up, and May actually had the mental space to concentrate on it. It seemed he was in the middle of a particular story about an adventure during a storm. May nodded and hummed in recognition of what he was talking about, but she didn’t know how much of the story she missed.

Then her stomach roared out of nowhere, and a jolt of pain hit her so hard that she leaned forward on the counter and had to fight to keep her head up. Her eyes went wide in alarm. Gas immediately forced itself against her hole, and even though May tried to resist it, she could feel her little hole blossoming. She let out a silent stream of gas, but it was just as quickly plugged, the turd. She squeezed down, her cheeks going back to keeping that hole closed, but she was tired, and she didn’t have the strength to push it back in.

There was no reason why it would come back so soon, or with so much pain. It was like it backed off only to get a running start at another attempt to leave. She needed to shit now! Only fear for losing her job was making her maintain any composure. She wanted to slam the shutter in Tony’s face and make a run for it, but she wasn’t even sure she could make it if she ran in this state.

Her butt cheeks squeezed in so tight that her muscles were fidgeting, but it was all she could do not to lose control right then and there.

She felt beads of sweat form along her head and neck, and everything felt warm. She thought she was doing good, she thought she had at least another 20 minutes and that Tony would be done by then. Now she didn’t know how many seconds she had.

Her stomach roiled and bubbled again, and she could feel her tired anus widen further. For all of her fighting, it didn’t seem to matter at all. No matter what she did, it kept widening further and further. She released another burst of quiet gas, but then she could feel her expulsion slowly start to make its way toward daylight. She tightened every muscle in her body, and it stalled yet again.

Tony was none the wiser. He kept droning on while May began to shit herself right in front of him. She tried to pay attention, make sure he wasn’t actually finally asking for his freaking order.

That moment of distraction was all her brown nugget needed. She felt a tinge of panic as her brown star made it to a width that allowed her turd to poke out. It made its slow trek outward, but then stopped when it ran into the band of her bikini bottom. Her ass cheeks were now encircling a little brown coin-sized spot behind her. The string of her bikini, a thin piece of fabric that couldn’t stop a really determined fly, was all that was between it and freedom.

May took in a slow breath and focused. She couldn’t let anything go slack, she couldn’t relax at all, or she was going to have the most humiliating accident since that time she had food poisoning in grade school. She had to press it back in, she had to squeeze tight enough that it would retreat back. She knew she could do it, she had to try.

So she shifted her legs just slightly, and lowered herself so she could focus her core toward the right area. Then she squeezed her ass so tight she was afraid something was going to pop. While at first there was no success, it did seem that her dark ring found a new grip on it, and the turd slowly slid back in. May took a few breaths that were probably too heavy for trying to disguise what she was doing, but at this point she had bigger problems than Tony thinking she was being a little strange. What was worse, him thinking she was sick, or him hearing her shit all over the booth?

The turd went back where it belonged, and her anus slid closed, and May felt a small tinge of relief. It wasn’t like the fight was won, but this particular battle was over. Her stomach still felt like it was bubbling over, and she was packed full of gas and worse. She needed to leave 5 minutes ago, and now it was far too late. When Tony left, she was going to grab her lunch pail from below and use that as a makeshift toilet. Even that was a hopeful plan at this point.

“…You’re a great listener, you know that little May?”

Tony’s compliment caught her ear, and May nodded and hummed an, “uh huh.”

But her body didn’t like even that small movement. A new cramp, a new urge, and this time when that missile of waste tried to launch, she was far too weak to stop it. Her hole bloomed faster than before, and while before her bikini caused some resistance, this time it began to push out against the material. She could feel the change in pressure along her hips as her string was forced out. There was a hissing sound from a release of gas as it pushed further and further.

May was in full panic. She tried to squeeze down harder than ever, but nothing could stop the inexorable movement as it found release. It came out far enough that May thought she was done for, but she resisted regardless. Anyone who could see behind her would have seen the little brown nub as clear as day, protruding out like a jumbo Hershey’s kiss. She took a few breaths as the pressure alleviated, and began to focus again as she felt it try to continue. It squeezed out further, and May could hear a faint crackling noise behind her as it curled out against every wish. It she could feel its weight behind her now, a full on tail of brown. The string of her bikini snapped to the side, now hugging the girth of her unwanted production.

It was out. There was no putting it back where it belonged, she was part way into the process of messing herself and was only waiting on gravity to aid her in releasing the hard waste matter. In fact, her squeezing down was just going to make it fall, and now the fact that it hadn’t released from the rest of the lengthy turd was the only thing keeping Tony from realizing that the ‘little’ woman in front of him was no better than a toddler in diapers.

So she ‘relaxed’. She stop up a little straighter and let her buttocks cradle the fresh fertilizer she was threatening to drop onto the carpet floor.

She had to just stand there and hope that Tony decided to leave. She didn’t even know if she could grab his drink if he asked for it. She was standing rigid, looking through him, uncomfortably aware of every rib and bump of her shit as it held her anus open. She had to fight the urge to pinch it off, she had to fight every natural urge. She also had to fight her urge to cry, as her panic turned to outright despair. There was no way this went well, she was already at the worst ending, she was just waiting for the curtain call.

Then Tony’s story started to wrap up. He wasn’t finished, but she knew him enough to tell he was running out of stuff to say, and soon he would actually look at the menu again. Maybe she would make it, maybe she was going to be okay.

Then a chill went up her spine. Her stomach tightened on its own, and then and there it was decided that even more of her monstrous shit wanted to see the world. Without her pushing, even more began to squeeze itself free, like a toy clay extruder pressing out a newly compacted mess.

She could feel it as it made its slow progress, could feel it massage her sensitive anus ring, could feel the additional weight near her rear. It dipped low, curling further as it grew to a length where it could no longer stay cohesive.

May’s arms were held tight, all of the straight in her upper back and elbows. If it could just hold there, if by some miracle it would hold, she could just forget all of this even happened.

Then it snapped free and fell. Time slowed for May as she waited for it to fall the short distance. Then she heard a heavy thud on the thin carpet, and she let out a sharp sob before bursting into tears.

“You okay little May?” Tony asked, “What’s wrong?”

She didn’t care anymore. It was too embarrassing, too humiliating. It wasn’t just Tony who would know, but everyone, her boss, her coworkers. Her life was over.

###

Tweet link here

*004*2021-10-19 01:44

{{5 hours ago, venus 2 said:

Aaaa that was so good!

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you liked it. One of my favorite videos is a similar 'woman stuck pretending everything is normal while working' accident and I've always hoped to find more. So we took it into our own hands.

