Messy Office Trouble

Author: Messy96

*000*2022-05-13 23:41

DISCLAIMER: This story is completely fictional and takes place in a slightly different reality from ours, so it might be a little confusing at first; Plus this story and all others are part of the same reality, showing what this oddball messy world is like through different characters. Here's the big one though: The story contains messing/pooping. I know this site is mostly about wetting and most don't care about pooping. So if you don't like that sort of thing and don't want to read this story, that's perfectly fine by me, just giving you a heads up. Now with all that out of the way, I hope you enjoy the story anyhow.

Messy Office Trouble

"Oh no, not now,"This was the last thing 30-year-old Jenny needed right now, stuck in this boring meeting in her office building job and now she needs to poop badly. Sure Jenny enjoyed her job just fine, but the same couldn't be said for the meetings they occasionally do. They always were abysmal to sit though let alone participate due how boring they were, even worse when she needed to go while in the middle of a meeting. It didn't happen often but when it did, Jenny would always suffer greatly from all the pressure in her bowels. Today though this meeting was being held by her supervisor Jamie. Meaning this glorified discussion was going to take longer to end as Jamie loved the sound of her own voice. "God I wish Jamie would shut up soon so I can take a shit and go back to work," Jenny thought to herself.

But as she sat in her chair thinking, her stomach began to gurgle even more. Asking to be dismissed early from the meeting was not happening and who knows when Jamie will end the meeting. "Just hold it in, can't be that hard," Jenny thought; but as 10 minutes passed, the meeting kept dragging on, as it became harder and harder to hold in her crap. If Jenny wasn't sitting down she would have lost it already and would be in more serious trouble than she was right now.

Jenny was forced to release a small fart to buy her some time, thankfully it was silent but it was not pleasant to smell at all. Some co-workers started to smell her fart making Jenny feel conscious about herself. Still all the pressure in her was becoming really painful. Jenny tried her best not to look desperate, but even sitting down she was forced to cross her legs just so she wouldn't shit herself prematurely. "Come on, hurry up already, I need to go NOW," She struggled to think clearly as her insides churned violently with her shit trying to explode out into her pants.

After another 15 long minutes of Jenny stewing in her chair in pain, Jamie finally concluded the meeting. Jenny didn't hesitate and bolted out the door in a blur heading to the nearest bathroom; nothing was going to stop her from reliving this now painful pressure. She ran as fast as she could while still holding in her poop. She had to hurry though as now she wasn't sitting down, the head of her crap was poking out of her butt begging to leave. Jenny zoomed across the office space avoiding many people and office cubicles until she reached the nearest restroom at last. It wasn't over though, A lot of the stalls were occupied. Just as Jenny was about to give up, she noticed the second to last stall was vacant. Quickly Jenny jumped into the empty stall, locked the deadbolt, pulled down her pants with only her work shirt and red panties on and sat down on the toilet to release.

"BBLLAAARRRTTT!!!"

Finally the waste Jenny held in for so long busted out into her panties. Log after log of poop piled into the panties quickly making them heavy and sagging. The painful pressure that was felt before was now replaced with sweet relief as crap filled her underwear. Her ass made the nastiest and smelliest noises possible as more filth settled into her brown bulge, becoming bigger and heavier. Jenny however could care less how much shit was in her underwear right now. All she wanted was for everything to be out of her, so Jenny kept pushing. All the while more logs of poop entered the stinky mess inside her panties, along with more gas bubbling through the brown poopy mass.

"SPLORTCH!!! plop-plop-plop... Fummmsshh... BBRRRAAAPPP! FRT!"

And with that last fart, Jenny was finished pooping her panties. "Ah... Holy crap, what did I eat last night?" She asked. Before she could stand up, more smelly gas erupted into her messy panties. Jenny couldn't decide what smelled worse, her farts or her shit. Once she was done farting she stood up and felt the scope of her mess. Somehow Jenny ended up with a lumpy heavy bulge in her underwear the size of a large grapefruit. "Oh god I hope this isn't a pain to clean up," She thought to herself as she lowered her panties to look at her mess. Thick logs coiled up in her panties forming one large pile of poop. One small whiff of her waste entered Jenny's nose and answered her previous question, her shit definitely smelled worse. At least the clean-up should be quick if the stains aren't too deep, at least one would think.

So Jenny carefully dumped her filth into the toilet and flushes all of it away without thought. Then she opens to the stall's supply stash to start cleaning. Starting out she wipes herself with some simple toilet wipes. Then she sprayed anti-bacterial cleanser onto the stains in her panties. Then taking the wipes tried to clean out the waste left in her underwear. However Jenny realized the stains are too embedded into the fabric and aren't coming out. If her panties couldn't be cleaned up properly, then she wouldn't be able to wear them anymore for the sake of her health.

"Damn, these were my favorites," she said to herself "Oh well it happens I guess." Now with her underwear unfortunately ruined, she throws away the doomed panties into the scented trash bin carrying other people's full diapers and pulls out the spare underwear from the contingency container to wear until she gets home. Thus everything done and finally relieved, Jenny exits the stall and begins to wash her hands thoroughly.

As she rubbed soap onto her hands, plenty of people entered and exited the bathroom, sometimes she could hear and smell the smelly shit and piss people were dumping into their underwear or diapers inside the stalls. Every once in a while someone would come out not to wash up and leave, but to observe through the mirrors the mess they made in their undergarments. Jenny had met folks from the D.E.S.O community before so people like that were common.

A little weird from the outside sure but not in a bad way, they were decent people no different from anyone else, after all everyone pees and poops their pants or diapers anyhow. Jenny would often see many full diapers and panties when in any restroom anywhere, sometimes folks would even play with their mess a little bit before they returned to the stalls to clean up. As people around her filled their undies or diapers with whatever waste, Jenny finished washing and drying her hands and headed back to her work. Now nothing would get in the way today, not her boss and not her bowels, She can spend the rest of her day in peace.

The End.

Author's Note: Hello there. First of all, holy crap I didn't think anyone would even see my first story at all. And yet for the past few days, people so far are enjoying it. My sincerest thanks to those few who either followed or reacted to part 1 of Ashley's story. And don't worry, Ashley will come back soon. Of course every journey begins with a single step, and with the confidence I now have, I believe some of my ideas on my cheat sheet has just received the green light. If all continues to go well and people keep enjoying what I make, I will plan to post the other stories, make more ideas, and build up this messy fictional setting as best as I can. So if you like what your seeing so far, then stay tuned for more. Take care now, and again thank you a bunch.
