The Princess and The Spider: A Marvel fanfiction on Shuri

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-01-31 20:16

Author’s note: This story takes place after Michelle Jones’s omorashi story.

When the news of who is Spider-Man and it exposed that Peter Parker was in fact the friendly neighbour Spider-Man. Years passed and people bullied him based on his secret identity because of J Jonah Jameson’s remarks on him as a menace. He couldn’t take it anymore because the whole world knew who is was, but the webhead was ment to be a secret with only a few people who knowing his identity. Peter did know that everyone knew who Tony Stark really was because he wanted to, but Peter wasn’t ready for this.

Peter had a wonderful idea he should live in Wakanda, where the whole world thinks it is a small province of Africa and very poor, but it ain’t. He called up Black Panther to tell him, that he wants to live there for a while and King T’Challa agreed that he could come. T’Challa said that he will come to pick up Peter at 2 o’clock and the current time is 1:35 in the afternoon. He waited for the arrival of the vibranium jet, where it will take him on a journey he would never forget, the jet appeared a bit early than expected at 1:53. He grabbed everything he packed and raced downstairs to aboard the jet plane, this was the best day of his life, but then he remembered that he never told his girlfriend that he is going away to protect himself, but she could make it out and realise that it was for the greater good.

While in Wakanda lay an embarrassing moment with the princess of Wakanda in her bed. Shuri loved to sleep naked, but it wasn’t due to the heat waves in Africa, but it was more a liking from her. The sheets aren’t covering her whole body because it’s so hot and it exposes her breasts and a bit of her ass. Anyway let’s get onto the embarrassing accident she had, yesterday she drank so much water and went to sleep with it stored in her system and now it made it into her bladder and now she desperately needs to pee, but Shari hates getting out of bed to go use the toilet because she finds she can’t sleep again after emptying her bladder.

So she decided that s would wet the bed because of her hatred for using the toilet when she’s trying to sleep. It was only a matter of seconds when her bladder gave up and she could hear hissing noises and moaned softly when she could feel the bed getting wet. She got up and put the sheets in the washing machine to pretend her naughty accident did not happen, when the washing was finished she could hear the voice of her brother outside and she rushed to her bedroom and locked the door.

She made up her bed and put a dressing gown on to hide her nude body. She went outside to find her brother with Spider-Man right next to him and the king spoke “Shuri, this is Peter Parker of New York he will be living with us for some time.”

“Peter Parker, this is my sister Shuri.” And after that Peter said in the most romantic way to Shuri “Nice to meet you Shuri.” She gave him a cheeky smile maybe a sign of love or that she wanted to have sex with him. Black Panther told Parker that there was no place to sleep and he was fine with it and said “It’s fine, I’ll probably sleep in your sister’s room if that’s the only place to go.”

“Yes there another bed in the bank of the room or you can choose to sleep with her because her bed is a queen bed.” Peter nodded his head in a yes and T’Challa left leaving Spidey and the princess alone. Anyway they both went to the vacant room and Peter went to get changed in the bathroom into his pyjamas and came out to see Princess Shuri laying naked on top of the bed exposing all of her private parts. Peter was loving this probably taking mental notes for Michelle back at home and probably imagining her exposing her whole body to him. He decided where he was sleeping and went into her bed and she slid in and they looked at each other as they fell in love and both fall asleep.

Peter woke up later from a terrible dream and it woke up the princess and he found out he was sleeping naked, he asked her and she did it and she told him that she wanted to have sex with him, but Peter declined because of his relationship with MJ. Shuri went back to sleep but Spidey bet that she would try to use things to manipulate him to doing it.

To Be Continued...

