Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 5

Author: Poowrite

*103*2015-06-11 05:51

I have to admit, I'm surprised by the number of people trying to make Calista have another accident xD.

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Empty / Desperate

“I... I'm fine, Master Gerald. The Priests are busy and someone should see to Lucius' wounds,” you say. The old innkeeper raises an eyebrow at you.

“Are you sure? Brother Elias said it seemed urgent. By the looks of things, I would say he was right,” he replies. The old man is no doubt referring to the fact that you can barely stand still. Your weight shifts from one foot to the other, the subtle motion causing your hips to sway a little in what can only be described as a childish potty dance. “There is little point in embarrassing yourself further, wouldn't you agree?” You feel your cheeks grow hot as blood rushes to you face.

“I'm fine. It's really nothing,” you insist. Gerald's eyes linger on you, narrowing as they scrutinize you. At last, he shrugs.

“As you wish,” he says, then makes his way to the hearth. You turn your attention back to Lucius.

“Here,” you say, producing one of your minor potions and handing the bottle to him. A viscous, red fluid sloshes around in the glass vial. It has the consistency of blood and, as you know from experience, even has a similar coppery flavor.

“Uh, thank you Calista.” Lucius takes the proffered potion. “Are you sure? These are expensive,” he asks.

You nod. “Absolutely. This will dull the pain longer than my magic could, and help the healing process along. I have a feeling...” you pause, clenching your sphincter tight as the mass within your bowels descends another inch, “...a f-feeling we're going to need everyone at their best. You said attacks of undead like this weren't common... any idea what, specifically, is going on?”

The sell-sword shrugs as he pops the cork on the potion you'd given him and downs the fluid inside. He makes a face like that of a child taking his medicine, then offers you an absent shrug. “Probably no more of an idea than you.”

“Really? C'mon, Lucius. You said you've been here most of your life, right? If you've been a sell-sword this whole time you must have connections or something. No...” you wince as your bowels shift again, “... n-no idea what might be going on? Why this might be different from the typical undead attack?”

He rubs his chin thoughtfully for a moment. “Well... there is supposed to be an envoy from Lothyand Castle staying in town for the next few nights,” he responds. “Some important members of the King's court were supposed to be in town. Magistrates and cardinals... they've already been to Candle's Keep up North, and rumor is they're heading South to Port Gold after this.”

“Any idea what they're doing?

Lucius shrugs. The motion causes lines of discomfort to crease his handsome features. The potion still hasn't quite kicked in, it seems. “Not really. Envoys from the castle don't usually hire people like me. They come with their own small army.”

“Do you think someone is trying to make a statement? Trying to kill the envoy,” you ask.

“Maybe. I mean... I guess if someone were trying to make a name for themselves killing an envoy from Lothyand Castle with an army of undead right in Mykona's favorite city would be a good way to do it. Probably why we only got four War-Priests and Brother Elias. The bulk of the Priests of the Dawn are probably seeing to the envoy. Not that they'd need to. Least, if the whispers I've heard are true.”

“What whispers,” you ask.

He glaces around, then leans in close as if about to share some great secret with you. “Well, and keep in mind this is just hearsay, but I heard they're traveling with a couple of Immortals. Usually, even rumors of Immortals is enough to scare off any assassins. Except the really determined ones. Or the idiots. I just don't see someone risking taking on an Immortal just to make a name for themselves.”

You bite your lower lip. The Immortals. It was difficult to have a conversation about Lothyand outside of the kingdom's borders without the mysterious group coming up. Everyone on Raylia knew of the Immortals, but no one knew anything about them. You can't think of two stories you've heard about them that agree on all counts.

According to the Kingdom of Lothyand, the Immortals are a highly trained, highly specialized unit charged with guarding the royal family. You've met people who accept the public explanation. Others think the Immortals secretly run the Kingdom from the shadows, some believe they're shades from some other, hellish plane of existence. Still others believe they don't exist at all.

Very few people claim to have seen them, and those who do present conflicting accounts of what they'd seen. Some claim that where their heads should be is nothing but a ball of darkness, sucking in the light around it. Others claim they have no heads at all. Some say their skin is made of iron, some say that they are merely covered in scales. Everyone seems to agree that in place of one hand they have a giant, razor sharp blade.

The only other thing everyone agrees on is that they are incredibly powerful spell-casters, and nearly indestructible in battle. The rumor was that a single Immortal was worth three hundred men... that a group of them could safely challenge the Divine. You have never been sure what to think of the rumors. The possibility of encountering one fills you with a sense of excitement and dread.

These strong emotions cause your bowels to cramp again, and with the adrenaline of combat no longer flowing through you, each pang of discomfort feels sharper and more urgent than the last. You double over slightly, clutching at your abdomen as something massive descends toward your rectum. Your anus quivers against the weight pressing down on it, threatening to open quite regardless of your will. You feel like nature might force you to void at any moment...

“Listen, Calista...” Lucius says. “I can't thank you enough for your company, and for the potion. You've done me a kindness, and I mean to repay you. I think I can start that now. You are clearly... not finished addressing the side-effects of your magic. I don't want to see you further embarrass yourself in front of all these people, especially not on my account.” He stands up, and a brief grimace appears on his features but the potion seems to be doing its work. “I am going to step outside and relieve myself of the ale I had before bed. Why don't you see Master Gerald about... your problem. Come find me once you've finished if you want to keep talking. I rather enjoy your company.”

Before you can stop him, he makes his way toward the back door. You frown at his back. You wished you cared so little about other people seeing you that you could just drop trow and urinate (or defecate, as the case is now) where anyone might see you. ”Of course, there isn't anything actually stopping me from doing that but myself...” you think.

Master Gerald seemed to have a solution for you, maybe you should take Lucius' advice and see what he has in mind. You see him moving back and forth between the common room and the pantry. He seems to be trying to throw a quick meal together before everyone sets off. A woman moves about behind the bar, preparing the wines and ales for serving.

Of course, there were still injured people who could use your attention. Duncan leans over a fallen Priest, holding a bloodstained towel to his wound. Elias tends the other fallen Priest. It didn't seem as if Mykona was answering their prayers at the moment, forcing them to tend to the wounds manually. Then, there was the woman who had been wounded when the fighting started. Her arm was in a sling, courtesy of Elias no doubt, but... maybe there was something more you could do for her?

Roland stands in the middle of the room, a serious expression on his face. Something seems to be on his mind...

1. Follow Lucius outside and relieve yourself.

2. See what Master Gerald had in mind.

3. See if you can help Duncan.

4. See if you can help Elias.

5. See if you can help the injured woman.

6. See what is on Roland's mind.

7. Other (please specify)

Potion of Mend Wounds x1 has been removed from Calista's inventory.

Calista's Bladder has gone from Empty to Mostly Empty

It's a little early, since she isn't Losing It! yet (though she's very close) but I'm going to go ahead and start doing saves on Calista's bowels. The general consensus seems to be to get her to have an accident anyway :P

(Edit: Corrected some formatting mistakes.)

*122*2015-06-14 04:58

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Mostly Empty / Desperate

You feel the contents of your bowels drop suddenly and something hard pokes out of your puckered anus. Your eyes widen in horror and you clench your sphincter tightly. Fortunately, the mass retreats but the message is clear: your body will not be denied much longer. The injured people were receiving help, and whatever was on Roland's mind could wait. You needed to move your bowels *now*.

You make your way to the pantry and catch Gerald on his way out, he carries a large pot toward a small, crackling fire in the back of the common room.

“Change your mind,” he asks before you have a chance to speak. “Not surprised. Been watchin' you squirm with the sell-sword. Thought you were determined to finish the job, as it were,” he says, motioning toward the wet stains streaking down your trousers.

“I... yes. You have a chamberpot I could use,” you ask. You shift and squirm uncomfortably. The pressure in your lower abdomen is getting difficult to endure. It would be so easy to just relax and let nature run its course. You shake your head. ”No... don't think like that,” you scold yourself.

“No chamberpot,” he responds. “But, I got something that'll spare your small-clothes and my floor. C'mon.” You follow him in to the pantry, where he leads you down isles of shelves stocked with various goods. Though Gerald isn't a young man, you struggle to keep up. You can feel your tenuous hold threatening to slip with each step, forcing you to awkwardly waddle behind the man rather than walk.

The two of you reach the back of the pantry. The flickering orange light from the fire barely reaches this far, and the shadows back here are deep. Not so deep that you can't see what Gerald has in mind before he suggests it. Lining the top shelf in the back is a small assortment of old, rusty looking cookware.

“Been holdin' on to these since I opened the place,” he explains. “Got bigger pots and pans when business started picking up. Needed to keep up with the orders, you understand. Not really sure why I kept 'em, but I suppose I could part with one. Here,” he pulls a small, rusted cauldron off the shelf and places it on the ground.

“It ain't good King Yothland's chamberpot, but it oughta serve you,” he says, starting back toward the front of the building. “I'll let the serving wenches know not to come back here until you've finished. And find somethin' to do with your leavings when you're finished. Don't need 'em foulin' the place up.”

Once Gerald is gone and you're left alone, you stare at the rusty cauldron. The bulbous old pot looks like it will be a suitable place for you to relieve yourself, and the shadows would offer you some cover should anyone happen inside while you were tending your business. Plus, Gerald had promised that he would keep the serving girls out. Still, if someone just barged in they might see you. You could take the cauldron upstairs to one of the empty rooms... you know you'll have privacy there...

1. Use the cauldron.

2. Take the cauldron upstairs and use it.

3. Other (please specify).

Calista's Bowels have gone from Desperate to Losing It!

{{: 

Poowrite, I'm impressed by your writing and this format is proving to be a real hit. But I have a suggestion to make about the way you present options.

You should make sure that all of the options are clearly striving to serve the interests of the character and that none of the options are clearly going to lead to an accident. It will be more suspenseful and exciting if the options presented are ambiguous.

We all know that Calista is going to have accidents. What we shouldn't know (or be able to predict) is when or how they are going to happen. The story will be more fun for you to write (and for the reader to read) if the accidents occur through circumstance.

Say Calista is desperate for a poop. I'd like to see options like 1) Calista looks for a bathroom outside; and 2) Calista looks for a bathroom upstairs. In both cases the action makes sense from the character's point of view, but neither option guarantees her success or failure. In the case of 2), maybe she finds a toilet, or maybe the stairs break on her way up and she fills her tights in shock while she scrabbles to save herself. Either way, as a reader presented with those options I can't predict the outcome easily, and you have more room to use your imagination to make things come about.

In that way you can preserve the story's suspense, your artistic licence has less limitations placed on it, and your character is more believable and relatable for your readers :)

}}

Thanks for the feedback and the advice. I'll keep it in mind, though part of the reason there hasn't been anything like "search for a place to go" is because I figured Calista probably already knew where all the typical places were (things like chamberpots and the like) and the only one available was the outhouse. Hopefully, there will be a chance to explore a little more coming up.

