A fairy's accident (messing/wetting)

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-07-12 07:42

Marla, a usually shy 530-year-old fairy (appears as a 19-year-old human) standing only one foot tall, was just landing on a tree to rest after flying all day. Her sweaty body from the 110-degree heat was as if a rainstorm had attacked her. As she tries to catch her breath, she had felt a very strong need to use the restroom. Feeling this, she decides to get up and fly straight home. But she grew so tired from flying that she ended up landing slowly on the ground halfway.

"I can't do it," she says. "I'm too tired. But I really have to go, and I don't know how much longer I can hold it. Maybe I can find a ditch somewhere."

Too tired to fly any longer, Marla ended up walking towards her house. But two hours later, she started to feel the pressure grow stronger. She was only several meters from her house when the pressure finally became unbearable. Desperate, she changed courses to a nearby set of bushes at the base of a huge tree. She checks to see if anyone was around.

"Oh, no, it's coming! It'c COMING!" she whined as she went behind the bushes and yanked up her dress. But just as soon as she touched her panties, she had felt a huge hand grab her waist and pick her up high into the air. It was a giant! (Well, just a normal person, but to her, it was a giant...)

"Well, well, well," the giant said. "What do we have here?"

"Excuse me, sir," Marla asks kindly, squirming to hold in her load, "but could you kindly let me down for a few minutes to use the restroom? Please?"

Unfortunately, the giant had headphones in his ears and couldn't hear a word that was said. Curious, though, he lifts his little and ring fingers to reveal Marla's pink-striped panties. Having more freedom on her legs, she presses them together in hope to keep in her massive load. But her efforts were in vain, as the giant then wrapped his fingers back over her body, thankfully recovering her panties back up, and started to squeeze her body a little. The pressure was so intense that she let out a big fart.

*PFFFFFFFFFBBBBBT!*

("It's gonna come...!")

Seeing that Marla looked to be in pain, the giant released his grip on her, intending to let her go. But Marla was too tired to even try to fly. She ended up sitting on his palm with her legs closed. Finally hearing her panting and wheezing (and feeling her sweaty body), the giant takes off his headphones and places them on the ground. He takes off her dress and strains it. As he is straining her dress, he stares at her pale white bra and her pink-striped panties. Marla blushes as she notices that the giant was staring at her. But at that very moment, she feels as if she is just about to have an accident.

("Here it comes...!")

Marla closes her eyes as she spreads her legs apart and leaned forward.

*PFFFFBBBBPT PPPPT PPPPPBBBBT FPPPPPPPBBBPT PPT PBBBT!!!*

Marla had let out several big and juicy farts before finally releasing her load into her panties.

*PBBT PPPPPPPPBT SPPPT PPPPT PPPPTT BBBBPT! SPPPT PPPPPP PPPPPPPPPBBT!!*

Her panties darkened in the back as they started to fill and expand. But then she started to feel something come out in the front. She places her hand on her butt cheek as she finishes to soil herself.

*SPPPPPBT BBBT PPFFFFFFFFT!*

Her panties had started to feel heavy as she finally had finished soiling them. She opened her eyes and stared at her heavy load in the back, and then turned and looked down at the front side as she is just about ready to release her other load.

*PSSSSSSSSSSHHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhh......*

Marla stares at the stream coming out of her panties as she splatters onto the giant's hand. She could hear a loud hissing sound in her panties as she releases at full force. By the time she had finished having her accident(s), the giant had finished drying her dress. He had stared long and hard at the lump in the back of her panties, and the little pond she made on his hand.

"Excuse me," Marla asks kindly. "If you don't mind, could you...change me?"

###

Sorry for the double post, y'all. My phone kinda glitched on me. :(

*003*2012-07-18 08:21

{{: 

Even as a enthusiest in this fetish, I cant take the "sound effects" seriously. I really enjoyed the story over all though and would love for you to continue with fairy omorashi/messing stories. Perhaps expand upon this one with the giant changing her and cleaning her little fairy bottom. :x

}}

The giant stares at the load in Marla's panties for a while before finally deciding to change them. He checks to see if her house is nearby, which actually WAS. Marla started to feel even more embarrassed that she was just outside her home whem she had her accidents. The giant, assuming that the structure was Marla's home, had placed Marla on the ground. Marla then walks into her house to pick up her only spare pair of panties left, then headed back outside. The giant picked her up and slowly pulled down her panties, hoping that the mess wouldn't fall out of them. It was pretty clear to the giant, though, that she had very bad diarrhea.

He first took the soiled panties and dumped the mess out of them in a nearby bush. Then he washes them in a tin pie pan filled with soapy water. After the panties were cleaned, he takes what appears as a sweat cloth and dips it in the water. As he soaks the cloth, he places Marla on her stomach in his palm. Marla blushed as she began to realize what is going to happen next. During this thought, she started to feel her bladder filling up again. She didn't want to release on the giant's hand again, so she tried her best to hold it in.

"Okay, I just have to hold it in until he's done," she said. "Once he's done, I'll just go straight to the toilet. Or a tree. Hey, I wouldn't mind going in a ditch."

The giant eventually started to wipe the mess off of Marla's butt. The impact of the wet cloth made Marla flinch and blush. The mess was so thick, though, that he had to clean the towel often. By the time he was halfway finished, Marla was practically about to let loose.

"Oooh, I really need to go-- oh!"

Marla had suddenly felt the cloth rub against her butt a little harder than usual. The shock had caused her to release a few drops.

"Oh, no, not now! It's coming out! It's co--oooooh!"

Marla felt the cloth go from her butt to her privates. She could almost feel her bladder leaking as she released a lot more than a few drops. But,... It felt so good. The giant continued to clean her privates, but as he went, so did her bladder. It eventually got to the point where it just couldn't take any more.

"It feels soooo good! I'm gonna let go!"

Marla's floodgates ended up bursting open and releasing a massive torrent that was so great that it sprayed onto the giant's shirt. It was as if he was being sprayed with a water gun. The stream had stopped ten seconds later, and the giant re-wiped her privates. At that point, he puts the clean panties on her.

"Thank you," Marla said, hopping off the giant's hand. "Oh, and sorry for the...you know..."

Marla flew up for a brief moment to kiss the giant on the cheek, and then took the stained panties and went right inside her house to finish cleaning them.

*005*2012-07-18 17:51

{{:

I loved it. I would so love to be that giant. :x

}}

Wouldn't anybody? :D

Thanks, though. I'm glad you liked it.

*007*2012-07-21 09:06

{{:

Very unique story. I really liked it :)

}}

Thanks. I'm glad you liked it. :D

Now, I was just about to make another story similar to this, but somehow, it got "lost in the void." :| I WILL recover it, though! :D

*009*2012-10-03 12:37

Marla had just finished washing her panties when al of a sudden she began to feel hungry. She went to the fridge to find something to eat, only to discover that the fridge was still empty from last week. At that point, she flies over to the store, which was a half mile away, to pick up a few groceries. Of course, she went broke afterwards (she didn't have much money).

"I'm dying to get something to eat!" Marla exclaimed as she unloads the bag of groceries, which were actually a bunch of fruit and a carton of grape juice. She then took everything on the table and stuffed them down her throat (a little at a time, of course). She followed that bunch of fruit with a large cup of grape juice.

"Much better."

Marla rubbed her tummy and sat on the couch. She wanted to go outside, but she wanted to wait a while before getting some excercise. About an hour later, she put on her shoes and stepped out the door...just as she began to feel some pressure go into her bowels. She ran straight back inside to find the restroom, just as another fairy had flew inside with a bursting bladder. The fairy didn't seem to mind anyone watching; she just flew inside, left the door wide open, lifted the toilet seat, and leaned forward. The stream came out in a slightly sprinkly torrent that rained down into the toilet. Just watching her go had made Marla even more desperate to go.

After the stream stopped, the fairy wiped herself, but then turned around and pulled her panties down, still not bothering to close the door or look to see if anyone's watching. She squatted down on the toilet to where she is levitating a little above it. In seconds, a massive brown torrent gushed out of her butt like a geyser. Marla could tell that she was exploding in that toilet. She could hear massive farts coming out of the toilet as the fairy had shot out several more massive torrents before finally finding relief. She wiped herself again and flushed the toilet. At that very moment, Marla had rushed into the bathroom, this time actually closing the door behind her.

Marla was just about to explode in her panties as the mysterious fairy had just turned on the water to wash her hands. She puts the toilet seat down and reached for her panties, just as she notices that the toilet had suddenly started to overflow. Both fairies shrieked as they scrambled out the bathroom and slammed the door.

Marla's bowels were reaching its bursting point as she went to the fridge to chug down some more grape juice as she became thirsty from her fright. Bad choice. The juice she had just chugged down was actually prune juice, which suddenly went through her body and added more pressure in her bowels.

"I-I can't hold it anymore!" Marla exclaimed. "It's coming out!"

Marla closed her eyes as she jerked up her dress and arched her bum a little, bending her body forward. The mysterious fairy had stared as Marla farted loudly and pushed a soft torrent-like log into her panties, making them expand in the back. It actually felt as if she was pushing out a more liquified torrent like the other fairy's, as she could feel it dripping down her legs. But it didn't stop there. She shot out another load, making the lump even bigger. After a while, Marla knew that the panties couldn't take any more punishment. She pulled them down and tossed them into the garbage can. But it didn't stop there. After a moment of building up, she pushed out a few soft logs that plopped onto the floor. It was then when she finally felt relief.

"That felt sooo good," Marla said as she cleaned up her mess and washed her hands in the bathroom. Of course, she wiped herself, first.

At that very moment, Marla began to wonder if she could pull off the same stunt as the other fairy. She pulled up her dress and leaned forward. In a matter of seconds, she released a stream that was a bit more powerful than the other fairy's (more sprinkly, too). In only six seconds, the stream slowed down to a stop. Marla left the toilet unflushed as she knew what would happen if she flushed it. She wiped herself, washed her hands, and sat on the couch. It was then when the other fairy said...

"Holy crap! Where are my manners? I'm Malice."

"Marla," Marla replied as Malice shook her hand and left outside. Marla, on the other hand, decided to go commando as she turned on the TV and watched a movie.

