The Golden Ratio: Six Girls, One Bathroom

Author: Noot

*000*2020-09-25 13:29

So, this is a story idea that's been floating around in my head for a while now. I want to write this as a warts-and-all, no-holds-barred depiction of student life in the UK. As a result there absolutely will be portrayal of drug and alcohol use, and swearing, although my intention is definitely not to glorify these things- I simply want to reflect on the lifestyle my housemates and I lead as I know it, truthfully and without censorship. There will also be some sexual content (as always, nothing including minors, of course) but that will certainly not be the focus of the story. The toilet-related stuff is what we're all here for, after all. And, it goes without saying, I'll always abide by the forum's fictional content guidelines and remove anything the moderators ask me to.

I want this story to be really character-driven, so I guess we're about to find out if I can, you know, actually write or not! I hope you guys are up for a long haul, because that's kind of the idea with this one. The other thing I desperately wanted to write about in this story was music. Let's see how that goes!

If you're transphobic, homophobic, Islamophobic or otherwise racist then you're also probably not going to like this story (at least, I hope you don't). Luckily this community seems to be generally very inclusive.

One other warning: if you've ever read You Love Me, Really, you'll know that poop content is almost as frequent as pee content in my stories, so if you really don't like that kind of thing I would have to recommend that you skip this one. I debated for a long time writing this as a pee-only story, but in the end decided to include poop content too because screw it, I really like writing it. Enjoy!

###

Part One

Half a Dozen Strangers

"She walks along the edge

Of where the ocean meets the land

Just like she's

Walking on a wire

In a circus"

- Counting Crows

"Time may change me,

But I can't trace time"

- David Bowie

Chapter One

Traffic

"Crosstown traffic, all you do is slow me down

And I'm trying to get on the other side of town"

- Jimi Hendrix

If you ever get the urge to spend an hour in a hot car and travel no more than a mile, you could do a lot worse than the city of Manchester, England, on the first Saturday of any given September. Here, time seems to stand still on roads jammed with cars, buses, lorries, trucks. There are trailers, caravans, recreational vehicles, motorbikes and taxis. You've got your high-end, sleekblack BMW's driven almost exclusively by men dressed in smart sky-blue shirts, and you've got your Mini's, your Fiat's, the whole works, each with an equally exasperated student slumped behind the wheel. With the driver's seat window down, the growling sound of running engines is broken up only by the occasional frustrated honking of horns that accomplish, on balance, about as much as a cardboard kettle. If the window stays up, you just get the honking.

On this first Saturday of this September, Princess Parkway was packed to the brim with what seemed to be every last student across both of the two universities the city had to offer. Amongst the chaos of the gridlock, almost every car you dared peek into was loaded inexpertly with moving-in things: bedding, bags of clothes that were unlikely to see much wear, televisions, towels. Then, if you looked a bit closer, you'd find the good stuff- wallets, new and expensive cellphones, identification cards, bottles of booze and sometimes maybe something a little stronger. Car radios and bluetooth speakers and phones left awkwardly in vacant cupholders played a jumbled-up chorus of mismatched melodies to the unfortunate hundreds trapped in the traffic.

Stranded just shy of the intersection of Princess and Mauldeth was a battered cerulean Ford Ka, edging forward at a sloth-like pace. If you wanted to get a glimpse inside the vehicle, at that precise moment, you'd need to be walking on the road to do it. You'd see the piled-up assortment of belongings that buried the back seats in an avalanche, from pillows to huge, heavy rucksacks of clothing. Then, moving forward through the gap between the seats, what would greet your gaze?

Why, a Starbucks cup in the holder (cappuccino, extra sugar, sprinkle of cinnamon), a Jelly Belly air freshener dangling from the rearview mirror (Cherry Flavour! read the packaging, although the real smell was closer to a cherry flavoured Jelly Belly), a Merlin Annual Pass lanyard discarded in the compartment behind the gearstick (the pass itself lived in the owner's wallet because the lanyard made her feel like a kid). The Starbucks Cup was the real giveaway, at least to an outside observer; picking it up would reveal a lightness that indicated that it was completely empty, and turning it around would reveal the name Chloe scrawled on the side in black marker.

And there in the front seat sat the driver, the only living soul in the car. Long, dishwasher-blonde hair fell freely over her shoulders, which were covered by a denim jacket. Beneath the jacket, a soft white blouse, and the rogue straps of a hotpink bra which matched the underwear you could just about see through her black jeans- if you looked hard enough. Her fingernails, clasping the wheel in one hand and handbrake in the other, were neat, painted cherry-red and cut ferociously short. Her lipstick matched her nails, colour on an otherwise pale face. At a first glance one would be forgiven for thinking that her eyes were blue, but a closer look would reveal their actual colour, which was a cloudy grey. She sat with rounded thighs pressed tightly together, fingers drumming distractedly on the wheel. Her stare wondered from car to car out the windscreen.

Chloe could not hear the honking. Not because her mind was elsewhere, although it was, but because her radio was turned up higher than probably anyone else in the whole county. The Clash were blasting out of those outdated speakers, loud enough to make the seat seem to vibrate like some massage chair.

Should I stay or should I go now?

If I go there will be trouble

If I stay there will be double

She had heard the song a hundred times, but today she had to smile wryly at the crude appropriateness of the lyrics. She wanted to go very badly, but if she did there would be trouble. It wasn't, though, the same kind of go that Mick Jones had been singing about. This was a much simpler kind of go, the kind that she always had to do after hastily drinking those cappuccinos she liked so much with the sugar and cinnamon. This was the kind of go that was causing her a lot of trouble indeed.

Chloe didn't need a psychiatrist to diagnose what had led her to this point. The contrast between today and the equivalent one year ago was stark. Almost exactly three-hundred-and-sixty-five days prior, she was being tearfully hugged by her mother before they split for the term, Chloe heading to her new flat in the University halls, mum back to their home in Southampton, over four hours away by car. Chloe had cried that night. Today she was driving up alone, ready for her second year, but with one big difference: no flat this time, and no halls.

Instead, she had had to commit to a house-share with five other second-year girls, who had already moved in throughout the week. She knew very little about any of them, and because she lived so far away she hadn't even seen the house. All Chloe knew was that it was smack-bang in the middle of the student district, a short bus ride from campus, and that it was affordable. That was all she cared about. And with no mum on the car journey up to keep her impulsiveness in check, there had been nobody to remind her that ordering a large coffee wasn't a good idea.

According to Google Maps she was four minutes away. Twenty minutes ago it had confidently announced that she was six minutes away. The Mancunian traffic was something else entirely, although she supposed she should've predicted this. Chloe scolded herself for her poor planning and squeezed her thighs a little tighter together. Needing the toilet while driving wasn't something new for Chloe. In fact, in the three years since she got her license, she had probably had more desperate drives than she had had good grades (and wasn't that a thought that depressed her). She had made it to the bathroom all but one of those times. Maybe it was paranoia, but Chloe sometimes thought you could still smell the aftereffects of that incident in the car, if you knew it was there. The Clash kept playing, filling her ears, and undoubtedly the ears of the drivers around her. Her mind was firmly on her bladder.

This indecision's bugging me (Esta indecisión me molesta)

If you don't want me, set me free (Si no me quieres, librarme)

Finally, she crawled to a stop at the red light that stood as the last border between herself and the road down which she would be living for the next year. As soon as the car ceased moving the handbrake came up, freeing her right hand to sneak off the wheel and towards her crotch. There, she gave herself a reassuring squeeze, as if to say almost there. All the while those anxious eyes were darting nervously at the other cars out the window as if she was worried someone would spot her holding herself.

Chloe's desperation was peaking. Her bladder ached with a heavy fullness that refused to stop reminding her how badly she had to go. Her toes were wiggling frantically in shiny black shoes, although she had no idea if that was helping her hold or if it was simply nervous energy. Squeezing her pussy helped some, but not enough. She knew her own body, and she knew from experience that she was no more than five minutes away from starting to lose control. Another quick glance at Google Maps told her that she was three minutes away now. Where she was going, the traffic usually thinned out. It was going to be a close call.

The light was taking forever to turn green, and a dreadful thought came into Chloe's mind: what if she didn't make it, and her new housemates' first impressions of her were of a Chloe in soaked jeans, a Chloe stinking of urine? What would they think of her then?

"Come on, hurry up," she muttered to the traffic light, barely audible over the final chorus of the song, "I need a wee". She said it that way, emphasis on the last word, like a distressed child on the playground. The traffic light didn't answer back. Chloe groaned in frustration at its tardiness. Her hand still massaged her crotch gently, her toes still squirmed like typing fingers. She had to actively hold it back now, to clench her muscles shut in order to avoid an accident.

When, finally, red became amber, Chloe's little Ford was off and around the corner at speeds that pushed the boundaries of legality. She was in a race against time, a race against her own bladder, and she knew it. Just down this road... then a right... then a left... another left...

Every corner was sheer torture. Her seatbelt pressed into her bulging abdomen, trying to force out the pint of pee that was sloshing around in there. At one terrifying moment a kid ran out into the road in front of Chloe and she slammed the breaks, feeling sure that she would wet herself there and then. That's it, she thought dully through the shock, I'm gonna piss myself. Thanks a lot, dickhead, you screwed me. But, miraculously, her muscles held firm and her panties stayed dry.

Then she was there- this was the road! Her eyes scanned every door as she rolled along slowly, looking for number forty-nine. Forty-five, forty-seven... there it was! Chloe pulled the car over forcefully and shoved the handbrake on, not caring that it was a shoddy parking job. The Clash were silenced when the engine flickered off, and her phone was snatched up to be slipped back into its rightful place in her pocket.

She felt like her bladder was close to giving up, and sure enough, getting out of the car proved to be a challenge too far. When she stretched to put her second leg on the ground, urine squirted hotly from her quivering pussy and stained the crotch of her jeans. It was deeply fortunate that they were black and not blue. For a frantic second she buried a hand between her legs, gripping firmly, knees bent so she was almost squatting. Then she remembered where she was, and reluctantly let go, hoping nobody had seen. Habit forced her to lock the car door behind her. Unpacking would have to wait.

Feeling her control slip away, Chloe hobbled up to the door. It looked more than a little worn, a heavy wooden thing with the house number in grubby gold on the front. She grasped the brass knocker and rapped three times in quick succession, realising after the fact that her desperation had driven her to knock perhaps more rudely than she had intended. The wait for the door to open seemed to take minutes; Chloe couldn't help herself shifting from foot to foot every few seconds. The heat of her leak on the cotton was unmistakable against the lips of her pussy.

Eventually, the door swung open, revealing a young woman in a bubblegum pink sweatshirt and a tight hijab printed with a flowery pattern. She took one look at Chloe and broke into a grin.

"You must be Chloe, right?" she said. Her teeth, some bizarre part of Chloe's brain noticed, were almost impossibly neat and perfectly white.

"Yeah, I am," Chloe said, "Hi". She was surprised, but strangely touched, when the girl stepped forwards and pulled her into a hug. Buried somewhere beneath her overwhelming desperation, Chloe felt a pang of guilt for not remembering this woman's name from Snapchat. Luckily, it was like she could read minds, because she said:

"Hi! I'm Amira, lovely to meet you". She stepped back from the long hug and noticed Chloe's Ka. "Is that yours? I love the colour," she gushed.

"Yeah, it's mine," Chloe said, finding herself reciprocating the grin. Amira, she had realised quickly, was one of those people with an infectious smile. But there were other concerns to address. "Listen, I'm absolutely busting for a wee," she admitted, realising that she was practically dancing on the spot.

Amira laughed; it was a pretty sound. "I can see that!" she said, not unkindly, "the only bathroom is on your right at the end of the hall".

Chloe could have kissed her. She thanked Amira hurriedly and rushed off down the narrow corridor, hearing her new housemate shut the front door behind her. The bathroom wasn't hard to find- a white door stood wide open. Eyes only for the toilet, Chloe raced in and shut that door behind her, taking a few dangerous seconds to figure out how this new-to-her lock worked. It turned out to require a firm twist to the right, confirmed when she checked the handle and found she couldn't open the door. That was all the reassurance she needed, and those jeans were around her ankles in a flash.

It felt like the dam burst as soon as her bum hit the warm toilet seat, the days' worth of pent-up pee finally exploding out of her and into the bowl. The feeling of relief was incredible- better than any orgasm Chloe had had in a very long time. She closed her eyes and sighed, leaning forward, content to let it come out. Chloe suspected that Amira might have heard her sighing, and she was sure Amira could hear her stream hissing into the toilet, but at that moment she couldn't care less. Once the initial feelings of relief had subsided, and an angry ache returned to her bladder (although less fiercely this time), a thought occurred to her.

Reaching down, she took the gusset of her pink panties between her thumb and forefinger. Immediately, she could feel the wetness. It was already cold. And yet, stretching out the fabric, she could see that the leak had only hit a small patch of her underwear. She'd danced with the devil and gotten away with it. Again. Crisis averted, a perverted part of her mind started to wonder how the seat was so warm. Someone must have been using it within the last minute. Perhaps that was why Amira took a while to open the door, she considered.

When the powerful stream finally subsided, and she felt empty for the first time since that morning, Chloe looked around habitually for some toilet paper. She found the roll behind her, and tore off a few squares to wipe with. Her whole pussy felt warm, as if blood had rushed to it in those final minutes of desperation, but it felt much better once she was dry again. For good measure, one extra piece of loo roll was folded and tucked inside her panties, over where she had leaked.

Standing, the blonde woman pulled up her jeans and noticed something very unusual about the bathroom- at least in her experience. The mirror, which was narrow but practically floor-to-ceiling, sat hung on the wall, directly opposite the toilet. She hadn't realised it while she was peeing, but anyone using the loo would have a perfect view of themselves doing it, whether they wanted to or not. Outside of that it was a standard bathroom: bath, shower, sink, a small shelf for toiletries and, of course, the porcelain throne itself.

That was when something else hit her. Something Amira had said, in their brief conversation with each other before Chloe had dashed off to relieve herself. Her brain hadn't registered it at the time, but now it had sunk in. Chloe's brow creased. Perhaps she had misunderstood. Amira had definitely called this the only bathroom in the house, though. One bathroom to share between six girls? That seemed strange to Chloe, even as a woman who had never needed much time in the bathroom getting ready in the mornings.

On a week-by-week basis, she used the bathroom to shit, shower, shave, brush her teeth, change her tampons and, most often, pee. When you put it like that, it sounds like kind of a lot, she realised all at once. But even if- and it was a big if- all her five housemates were like-minded in their conservative bathroom time, that surely meant they would still be on fairly tight schedule. She pushed the thought aside. They were stuck with it now, and she could only hope it wouldn't be a problem.

Chloe pressed the flush, and the toilet paper gurgled neatly away. Something in the back of her mind thought childishly that it would only be the first of hundreds of wees in this toilet. There was no way she could've known what else was to come.

*004*2020-09-25 15:22

{{41 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story so far

}}

{{17 minutes ago, MiraOMO said:

Love this!! Can tell it's going to be amazing...

}}

{{1 minute ago, ed2 said:

You can already see just by looking at who the author is that it's going to be amazing.... Thank you, @Noot

}}

Thanks very much to all of you. I've been wanting to write this story for months and never found the time to start. With every passing day a new idea for the characters or plot has come into my head, or elements like using musical genres to represent each character. I'm really excited to keep going and I'm glad other people are too!

*006*2020-09-25 23:15

Chapter Two

Sophie

"She can lead you to love

She can take you or leave you

She can ask for the truth

But she'll never believe you

And she'll take what you give her as long as it's free

Yeah, she steals like a thief

But she's always a woman to me"

- Billy Joel

The kitchen was surprisingly spacious and not stocked half badly. A pair of enormous silver fridge-freezers dominated the scene, side by side against the easternmost wall. A door led to the garden, which was more of a fenced patio than anything else, with rotting wooden floorboards and a permanent whiff of cigarette smoke. Bordering the tiled floor were worktops, storage cupboards and drawers. There was a washing machine, tumble dryer and dishwasher all neatly lined up in a sort of utility row. On those work surfaces, three essentials were plugged into the mains: a kettle, a microwave and a toaster. And in the middle of it all stood the centrepiece, a long table around which at least ten people could sit and socialise, drink and play games. It wasn't a luxurious place by any stretch, but it would do very nicely.

Chloe emerged from the bathroom to see Amira sitting at the kitchen table, sipping something from a mug. In front of her was a phone and a MacBook decorated with what looked like several years' worth of colourful stickers, playing an episode of Holby City with the volume down low. She paused the programme and closed the laptop when she saw Chloe walk in, looking up with that kind smile of hers.

"Hey," Chloe said, not sure if she should be embarrassed or not, "sorry about that".

Amira waved a care-free hand in front of her to indicate that she didn't mind. The more Chloe looked at her, the more she noticed that Amira really was a deeply pretty girl.

"You have nothing to be sorry for," she said, "everyone gets caught short sometimes. I almost wet myself yesterday, on the way home from grocery shopping".

"Really?" Chloe asked. She didn't want to push for details, but the idea that Amira might have had a similar experience did make her feel better about her near-miss.

"I'm not joking, I didn't think I was gonna make it. If someone was in the toilet when I got in, I think I would've exploded!"

She laughed then, and Chloe couldn't help laughing too. In that moment, she decided that she liked Amira. In certain other company, talking about her business made Chloe blush, but she was relieved to find that there was nothing uncomfortable about sharing these things with her new housemate. Amira's blunt openness had put her totally at ease.

"I got stuck in the worst traffic," she said, "on Princess Parkway. Freshers everywhere. A boy ran out in front of my car and I nearly lost it".

"Honestly, you're lucky I was here to let you in," Amira said, "everyone else has gone out for the day".

"Yeah, I've been meaning to ask. Where is everyone? I thought I was the last to move in?"

Amira leaned forward, her eyes glimmering.

"Well...", she began. It was the kind of well that, in Chloe's experience, meant a lot of information was coming.

"I got here on Tuesday, I was first to arrive. Molly turned up Wednesday, she's out seeing some friends, at the pub apparently. Then came Carmen, she's at the Trafford Centre, second time in three days," Amira rolled her eyes, but without a hint of malice; it felt more like a show of endearment than annoyance. The Trafford was the local premium shopping centre, one of the biggest in the whole country. "She needed some extra clothes, apparently. Abbie only got here yesterday. She seems nice enough, I think she's at the library, or something."

"You, me, Molly, Carmen, Abbie," Chloe said, counting them off on her fingers, "who's the last one?"

"Sophie," Amira answered, taking another sip from her mug, "she went to register at the GP. She should be back-" the girl checked her phone, a new model in a soft pink case, "-any minute now".

Suddenly, Chloe felt a nervous knot tying itself in her stomach. Meeting Amira had been easy, because she'd been focused on keeping her jeans dry, but what if she didn't get on with Sophie? They were living together for nine moths. It was vital that they got off on the right foot.

"Oh, she's lovely," Amira said reassuringly, "bit out there, kind of a free-spirit type, but she's easy to get on with".

"How out there are we talking?"

"Trust me, Chloe, it's best if you just wait and find out yourself". At that instant, her phone started to buzz. It was on silent, but the vibrations on the table were plenty audible. She picked it up and showed it to Chloe. It read Soph, and, underneath, Mobile. "Speak of the devil," she smirked, answering the call with a slide of her fingers. Amira shot Chloe a cheeky wink as the call loaded, and made a show out of pushing the speakerphone button. "Soph, hi," she said in her most innocent of tones. Looking straight at Chloe, she placed a finger over her own lips, the universal symbol to stay quiet.

An airy voice replied, echoing out around the kitchen. "Hi, Amira. Just letting you know I'm about one minute from home and I forgot my key, are you in?"

Amira paused before replying. "Yeah, I'm in the kitchen," she said truthfully. On the other end of the line, Sophie audibly sighed with relief.

"Right, thank fuck for that. Can you get the door for me in a bit?" she asked. Amira said that that would be no problem. "Oh, and nobody's in the loo, are they?"

"No," Amira said, raising an eyebrow, "it's just me at home. Why?"

"'Cause I'm desperate for a wee," she replied, as casually as if she was talking about the weather, "don't be late opening the door, I really like these knickers".

"I don't even know if you're joking or not," Amira giggled, "I'll see you soon".

"In a bit!" Sophie's disembodied voice called, and she promptly hung up. Amira put the phone back on the table. She looked as excited as a kid on Christmas Eve.

"Oh, this is gonna be so much fun!" she told Chloe, practically squealing. Chloe, for her part, shot a bemused look her way. "You'll see," Amira added, offering little in the way of explanation, "but when she gets here, stay in the kitchen, act like you're not here. Trust me, it'll be hilarious".

"Uh," Chloe began, "do you two always talk like that?"

"Like what?"

"She talks about needing a wee so casually. It's like you've known her for years".

"Oh, that's just Sophie," Amira said cheerily, "she doesn't have a filter. I'm used to it; I have two sisters. The others are a bit more reserved... but that's nothing we can't fix with time!" There was a knock on what Chloe assumed must be the front door, and Amira darted out of the kitchen to answer it. Chloe stayed put as per her orders, sitting down on a seat at the table from which she could see the bathroom door but not the bathroom. She considered hiding somewhere, but ultimately decided that might be taking things a little too far. The kitchen table was cold, polished and a stony grey. Within seconds, the sound of the door opening was followed by two approaching voices. One was quite clearly Amira, and one unmistakably belonged to the woman Chloe had just heard on the phone. As they got closer, she could start to make out the words.

"... honestly, Amira, I feel like I'm gonna burst," Sophie was saying.

"Bathroom's free, knock yourself out," Amira replied. Chloe got a glimpse then of just the back of Sophie, a slim white lady who stood at least six foot tall and had almost half that length of the lightest blonde hair Chloe had ever seen. She wore a patterned green top, denim shorts torn at the bottom, tall suede boots. Before Chloe could take in any more detail, she had rushed into the bathroom, with Amira returning to the kitchen. To her surprise, though, Sophie didn't bother closing the loo door. Amira and Chloe could hear quite clearly as the girl unbuttoned and unzipped those denim shorts, sat down lightly on the toilet and unleashed a sprinkle of pee onto the porcelain.

"So much better!" Sophie moaned. It reminded Chloe all too well of the pleasure she'd gotten from her own relief less than ten minutes ago. "I honestly considered popping a squat in an alleyway or something".

"You can't go weeing in alleyways," Amira said firmly, "I don't know whether you'd get arrested or kidnapped first".

"As long as I don't ruin these knickers, I don't care".

"You mentioned," Amira said dryly, before changing the subject, "everything ok with the doctors?"

"Yeah, all good, I'm registered," Sophie called back, still peeing. She farted then, none too quietly. It echoed raspily in the bowl. Chloe had to bite her lip to keep from laughing; Amira saw and almost cracked up too. "God, I think I need a poo, as well," she groaned. This time it took Chloe chomping down on her hand to silence the giggles.

"Charming," Amira called back, not giving anything away with her tone, "I don't know how you poo so much. I go four or five times a week if I'm lucky". She held up two fingers to Chloe, silently indicating that this was Sophie's second dump of the day.

"Coffee and weed, Amira," Sophie said, "coffee and weed". The hissing sound of her wee finally ceased, replaced by a quiet but unmistakable grunting noise as the girl on the toilet strained a little. Suddenly, Chloe realised something. From her spot in the kitchen, she couldn't just see the bathroom door- she could see into the bathroom. And if the angle was right, if she moved her head just enough, she could see that floor-to-ceiling mirror. It showed her the image of a beautiful blonde in a green top, with pale, smooth thighs and denim shorts bunched up around her ankles. Chloe was too far away to make out any details, but the concentration on her face was clear even from a distance. She watched for a few seconds, then forced herself to look away. Sophie clearly didn't mind having an audience- after all, she had left the door wide open to keep talking to Amira- but Chloe still felt guilty for staring.

Instead, just as she turned her attention back to Amira's scrunched-up, laugh-stifling face, she heard the first splash that indicated that Sophie was having some success. She let out a tiny moan before bearing down to get the rest of it out, and Chloe realised her mistake: looking at Amira trying not to burst out laughing only made it harder for her to do the same. Her eyes filled with tears, her breath came out in silent hitches of air. It wasn't even particularly funny, but that didn't matter anymore. Now they'd started laughing, it was hard to stop. A second splash followed quickly after the first, and the next thing Chloe heard was toilet paper being torn off. Sophie must have been ready to wipe. Maybe she was imagining it- had to be imagining it, given how far away she was- but Chloe was almost sure she could smell Sophie's deposit.

She flushed, and out of the corner of her reluctant (tempted) eye Chloe got a glimpse of the girl standing and pulling her shorts back up.

"That's better," Sophie said again, washing her hands briefly, "I always feel so much lighter after a du-" she didn't make it to the end of the word dump, because that was the moment that she turned around and saw the two girls sitting at the kitchen table trying not to laugh their arses off. As soon as they made eye contact with Sophie the game was over. The pair completely cracked up, watching her face turn bright red as she realised the extent of the damage. Sophie, to her enormous credit, took it in her stride with a remarkable smoothness and was laughing along with them within seconds. When they had finally regained some semblance of control, she reached forward and offered her hand to the newcomer.

"Hi, I'm Sophie," she said without a hint of awkwardness.

"Chloe," Chloe told her, taking the hand and shaking it.

"I'm sorry about... well, that," she said, gesticulating vaguely towards the bathroom.

"No, you're not," Chloe said with a smile, "and you shouldn't be. Don't be embarrassed on my account. If we're going to live here together we might as well get comfy, right?"

Sophie laughed. "I like you," she said, "although, still, if I'd known you were in I would've said hello before going for a shit".

"When you gotta go, you gotta go," Chloe said nonchalantly. She could tell she was impressing Sophie with how easily she had shrugged this off.

"Chloe almost wet herself while she was waiting for me to open the door," Amira just dropped this information in casually, "I don't think we have to worry about privacy with this one".

Sophie went to the fridge, grabbed herself a can of Dr Pepper and sat down opposite the other two girls. It occurred to Chloe that she didn't know anyone else who kept cans of Dr Pepper in the fridge. She cracked it open and gulped it down thirstily, and Chloe wondered if she might have got to the bottom of how Sophie had gotten so desperate to pee.

"So what about the others?" she asked, "are they nice?"

Sophie and Amira looked at each other, and it was the latter who spoke. "Molly's really nice. We haven't really talked to Abbie much yet, she's kind of quiet. And Carmen seems sweet enough, but she's been busy unpacking almost since she got here".

"What we need is a big night in tonight," Sophie declared. She whipped an iPhone out of her pocket and her fingers started working. "The six of us, getting to know each other, drinking a lot of booze. You got any booze, Chloe?"

"Oh, yeah, enough to kill all six of us," Chloe said solemnly, "I need mixer, though".

"Mixer is easy, there's a little shop down the road," Sophie said. "We'll get pizza or something and then just get blackout drunk. You smoke weed?"

"Sometimes," Chloe said. She wasn't a marijuana aficionado, but in social contexts she was usually up for it.

"Okay, maybe we'll do that, too. What's your Snapchat?" Chloe gave it to her, and within a second a friend request from someone with a unmistakably Sophie Bitmoji popped up on her own mobile. "Right, I'll add you to the group chat. Meet back down here at seven?"

"Sounds good". Chloe breathed an internal sigh of relief; it was good to have made friends so easily. "Now, which one of you suckers wants to help me lug my stuff upstairs?"

###

*012*2020-09-29 02:10

Here's Chapter Three! My wonderful commissioners have kept me busy this weekend (as has a fair bit of booze, haha) but I was so happy to find some time to write more of this story. Enjoy!

Chapter 3

Vinyl

"The best you ever had

Is just a memory"

- Arctic Monkeys

Chloe had just finished unpacking when she first heard the music through the wall of her new bedroom.

Being the last to arrive, she had been left with no choice between the rooms, but her early impressions were that she'd landed a pretty good one regardless. It was the first room one would come across as they toured the house, directly opposite the top of the singular narrow staircase that led to the first floor. Down the landing from her lived Amira, but between those two rooms stood another door, one that had been locked shut when Chloe and her two new friends hauled her belongings from the car, up the stairs and into her new living space. Now it sounded like music was playing inside that locked room.

Intrigued, Chloe got to her feet, sweeping the place with her eyes to make sure there was nothing left for her to do. Her bed was made neatly, her clothes all hung up or folded or placed carefully in the somewhat undersized closet, her stationery and laptop and charging cables all sitting nicely on the desk. Her TV was set up with her PS4 sitting behind it, not yet turned on for lack of time. The blinds were no good at keeping light out, but as a heavy sleeper, she didn't mind. She savoured that look around the room because she knew it was the tidiest it would be for the rest of her time living in it. It was only downhill from here. Chloe felt sure that, should her mother see the state this room would be in come Christmas, she would have a fit.

The music was unmistakable, and now she was listening closely Chloe could even recognise the song. It was the opening riff of Arctic Monkeys' Fluorescent Adolescent, guitars punching through the air, drumbeat driving the track forward. She smiled to herself; whoever lived in that room, Chloe approved of her taste. The temptation was too powerful to resist for much longer, and, besides, her new room was unpacked and ready. The only thing left to do now was go and investigate.

It was getting late in the day, but not so late that the landing was no longer flooded with sunlight from the window at the top of the stairs. That bedroom door, the one that had been locked earlier, was standing wide open. As Chloe got closer she saw that it was being propped in position by a doorstop. She noted the stark contrast between the cold image of the closed door earlier and the inviting warmth of the open one now. Whoever lived there was clearly open to receiving visitors.

When she appeared in the doorway, hearing the Monkeys blasting out proud, she found a room that looked as though it had been lived in for several years rather than several days. Posters hung on every wall, from Paramore to Frank Turner to Green Day to Foo Fighters. There were dozens more, too, some Chloe recognised and some she didn't, almost all musicians or bands. The bedsheets were a rich purple, including the pillowcases. There was a TV in this room, too, although not as big as Chloe's and without a console attached to play on. A towel hung limply from the open door of the girl's closet, seemingly drying after a shower. What caught Chloe's eye, though, was a gorgeous portable record player sitting on her desk in lieu of any sort of education-related possessions. It was on this deck that the Arctic Monkeys record was playing.

Cross-legged on her bed was the owner of the room, and Chloe's first thought was that this was quite possibly the most pop-punk woman she'd ever seen in her life. Her skin was naturally pale instead of whitened with foundation, which only made the strong colours that accented parts of her face even more powerful: violet lipstick, dark eyeshadow, jet-black dyed hair with electric purple highlights. Following the stereotype, Chloe would've expected a woman like that to be dressed like she was going to a funeral, but this girl was wearing a pair of denim jeans and an unbuttoned red-and-black checkered shirt over a purple tank top that showed off a totally flat belly. The girl's belly button was pierced and decorated with silver, as was her nose and both of her ears. She looked, at least to Chloe, like someone you didn't want to mess with.

Then she looked up and smiled at Chloe, and the illusion was broken. It was a pure smile, the kind a teacher gives a young child. She pointed at the record player and spoke with her voice raised to be heard over Alex Turner's vocals.

"Turn it down!" she said, still smiling, cupping her mouth with the other hand as if it would actually help the sound carry. Chloe took her advice, taking a second to find the right knob before twisting the volume from eight to three. Suddenly, conversation re-entered the realms of possibility. The girl did not get up to greet Chloe, instead staying on her bed, legs crossed like a pupil at a primary school. She patted the duvet beside her, indicating that she wanted Chloe to sit down.

"You're Chloe," she said. It wasn't a question. Chloe smiled nervously at her. She didn't find the girl scary anymore, but her unconventional style still held a certain intimidation factor for her. But she wanted to get off on the right foot, so she sat beside her new housemate.

"Yeah," Chloe said, unsure why it felt like a confession. She hadn't memorised the faces of all five girls ahead of moving in, but she knew from Facebook profile pictures that this girl wasn't Abigail or Carmen, because this girl was light-skinned and Chloe at least remembered that the other two were certainly not. "You must be Molly, right?"

"That's me," she said, offering her hand for Chloe to take. She took it and shook it, still in awe at how well-decorated the room was.

"I love all these posters," Chloe said. It wasn't small talk; she was being genuine. "And I'm a big fan of your music taste".

Molly laughed, a sound totally unlike Amira's. When Molly laughed it felt almost as though she was laughing at herself rather than at the thing she had just heard. "Thanks," she said, "I've always been into this kind of stuff. What do you listen to?"

"Pretty much anything, but my dad bought me up on classic rock," Chloe explained. Molly nodded wisely. For the first time Chloe noticed that her hair was slightly wet, and since it definitely hadn't been raining, she assumed Molly had just recently gotten out of the shower.

"I like that, usually," Molly said, "but I'll listen to anything except classical. Oh, as long as it hasn't been in the charts in the last ten years".

Now it was Chloe's turn to laugh. It was good to know Molly shared her distrust of modern pop music. They already had something to bond over.

"When did you get here?" she asked.

"Three or four hours ago, pretty much. I've been unpacking ever since. You?"

"Wednesday," Molly said, and Chloe remembered Amira telling her as much. She remembered something else Amira had said: that Molly had been to the pub with friends today. "Yeah, guilty," Molly smirked when Chloe asked about it, "I just got in a few minutes ago. I might have got a bit tipsy. Drinks are well cheap over there".

"How cheap?"

"A JD and Coke is £3.50. Three for a tenner". She hiccuped a little and now Chloe could smell it, a faint tinge of whiskey on Molly's breath. "Might explain why I put the music up so loud. Sorry".

"Don't be, I love this song," Chloe said sincerely, "but you'd better sober up before seven, Sophie said she wants a big night".

"How big are we talking here?"

"I think the words "weed" and "blackout" were mentioned".

Molly snorted in derision. "Well, I'm getting absolutely fucked, then," she said, accepting her fate. Her sharp green eyes betrayed no intoxication, but her speech didn't pass the subtlety test. "Oh, man, tomorrow is going to suck".

Chloe had had similar thoughts, of course. It had been a long time since she'd drunk heavily, having had little reason to get pissed over the summer, and she was assuming that the break would've lowered her tolerance, leading to a pretty nasty hangover in the morning. Regardless, she was quietly excited. If these girls knew how to party like her old flatmates had- and Sophie and Molly gave her good reason to believe that they did- then the night would be worth the consequences.

Molly cocked her head to the side, as if she was listening for something. She held up a finger to Chloe, who strained her ears too, and they both picked up the sound of the front door closing. It was followed immediately by footsteps climbing the stairs, as well as something else, something harder to place.

"Hello?" Molly called. For the briefest of seconds there was tension. Then:

"Hey!"

In just that word, that hey, Chloe detected an accent that was certainly not from any part of Britain she'd ever heard of. This must be Carmen, she thought. Seconds later, an absolute stunner of a woman materialised in the doorway like a magician's apprentice. Olive skin, shining chestnut hair, a Greek nose, with full lips and eyes that danced, alive, sentient. Chloe was sure the girl must be wearing makeup and yet had no idea where or what it was. A tight-fitting red dress hugged her figure, which was predictably flawless. Chloe didn't get envious easily, but if someone had told her the woman in front of her was a supermodel, she wouldn't even have blinked. In each hand was a large shopping bag stuffed to the brim with God-knows-what. She seemed taken aback by Chloe's presence in the room, as if she'd forgotten they were expecting a sixth member of the house to turn up.

Carmen dropped both of her bags on the landing and stepped into the bedroom. It seemed appropriate that Chloe stand up to introduce herself, so she did, but she didn't expect the beaming girl to put her hands on Chloe's shoulders and give her a kiss on each cheek. She had taken Spanish lessons for several years and knew for a fact that most people from Spain didn't actually kiss each other's cheeks (it was more of a symbolic representation of a kiss), but Carmen didn't seem to live by those rules and Chloe went slightly red as this beautiful woman made contact.

"Hello, Chloe, it's so good to meet you," she said with a grin. Her accent was strong and, Chloe thought privately, gorgeous.

"Nice to meet you too, Carmen," Chloe said. She saw past the tall girl's shoulder and realised she could see into the shopping bags, which she was surprised to see didn't contain clothes at all: there was a frying pan, a bag of clementines, a chopping board, a flannel. There was probably dozens of other household items buried out of sight. Chloe felt a bit foolish for falling into the trap of stereotyping Carmen as a clothes-obsessed pretty woman.

"When did you get here?" Carmen asked... and suddenly Chloe noticed that she was squirming on the spot. Carmen had been a ball of energy when she'd burst into the room, but now it was apparent that she hadn't actually stopped moving since. It was like she was dancing a silent cha-cha-cha. Her jeans made a near-silent noise as the thighs rubbed together.

"A few hours ago... are you okay?" Chloe asked, more than a tad distracted by her movement. Carmen didn't even blush.

"Yes, please excuse me, I have to use the bathroom," she said, "I just wanted to carry the bags upstairs first. Do you mind if I...?"

"No, please, go!" Chloe said, gesturing back towards the stairs, "we can talk after you're done. I don't mind at all!"

"Thank you, Chloe," Carmen said, and left, still dancing unnaturally. When she was gone, Molly looked over at Chloe and offered a wry smile.

"There's been a lot of that going around. Six girls and one bathroom isn't exactly convenient".

"I've been meaning to ask about that," Chloe blurted out, "is it a big problem?"

Molly thought about that for a second before answering with a shrug. "It can be a pain. I mean, it's already led to some tricky spots, but we'll figure something out". Before Chloe could dig any further for details, Carmen made an unexpected early return.

"The bathroom is occupied," she explained, looking worried, "Someone is using the shower". Before she'd mentioned it, the music had drowned out the sound of the water, but now Chloe could hear it in the distance.

"Ah," Molly said, "shit".

"Yes, shit," Carmen agreed. Hearing English swears in a Spanish accent was odd to Chloe, even though she'd already deduced that Carmen spoke better English than most English people their age.

"Okay, well, you can talk to us until she's out," Chloe said, hoping to help distract the poor girl, "if it helps, I almost wet myself on the drive here".

"Really?" Molly said, eyebrows raised, "this is the first I'm hearing about this".

"What happened?" Carmen asked. The dancing had ceased and now she stood with her thighs pressed tightly together. It was alien to Chloe to see someone so beautiful be so desperate for the toilet.

"I made it, just," Chloe said, "but it was really embarrassing, 'cause that was Amira's first impression of me".

Molly made a pfft sound with her lips.

"Amira doesn't give a shit. She pisses more than anyone".

"Amira was knocking on the bathroom door last night, asking for me to let her in so she could pee," Carmen said. Even in her state she seemed to derive great pleasure from spilling the gossip. Chloe wondered if perhaps she wasn't completely atypical after all. "She begged me until I got up eventually just to stop her asking. Do you know how hard it is to go number two with her talking to you through the door?"

Both Molly and Chloe laughed at this, but Chloe was taking mental notes. This was turning into the most interesting conversation she'd had in months. Carmen groaned dramatically and put a hand on her abdomen.

"Seriously, guys, I don't think I can hold it," she said. Chloe could read in her eyes that she wasn't exaggerating for effect. She didn't know what to do to help, but fortunately, Molly had more experience in the house than she had.

"Who's in the shower? Sophie?" Molly asked.

"I don't know," Carmen said exasperatedly. Molly told her to hang on ten seconds. "I'm trying," the brunette moaned. Molly opened her phone, clicked on the Snapchat logo and flicked across to the group chat that the six housemates were in. She typed just three words, clearly making an effort to be hasty:

Who's in shower?

Luckily, it didn't take long to receive two replies. The first one was from Abigail.

Not at home rn, it read simply. Then, Amira opened the conversation, signalled by her little cartoon face popping up at the bottom of the screen. Her message was nearly instantaneous.

It's Soph x

Molly's eyes lit up- Chloe could swear she saw a lightbulb appear over the punk girl's head. She hammered in a message with both thumbs.

Would she mind if someone came in to use the toilet while she showers?

Amria got back to them right away, once again. Chloe could imagine her sitting in the kitchen, scanning her phone intently.

Nah x it's Soph lmao... just knock first and check she's OK with it

"You're good to go, Carmen," Molly said, "problem solved".

"Okay, thank you!" the desperate girl said, looking immensely relieved, "I'll be right back!"

And with that she was gone again, back down the stairs in search of somewhere to empty her bladder before she wet herself. Molly hopped up off her bed and turned the Arctic Monkeys record right down to 0. They heard a knock on the bathroom door, an inaudible question from Carmen, a response too short to be anything but a "yes". The bathroom door opened and then closed. The music came back up.

"You see, Chloe," Molly said, putting an arm around Chloe's shoulder and smiling, "sometimes the best solution is the simplest".

*020*2020-10-04 15:27

Chapter 4

Shower

"Together we could break this trap

We'll run 'till we drop

Baby, we'll never go back"

- Bruce Springsteen

Six girls sharing one bathroom quickly proved to be a logistical nightmare when it came to getting ready for a social event. Every one of them wanted time in there to shower, which took at least ten minutes per girl, so the hour leading up to seven 'o' clock barely saw a second pass when the room wasn't occupied. Once Sophie had emerged from the shower, completely unfazed by Carmen's urgent interruption, the group had decided via the Snapchat group that Chloe should get the next turn. After all, she was the new girl, and it was only polite to give her as long as she needed to get ready for a night Sophie had described simply as "probably dangerous".

She grabbed everything she though she could possibly need before the trek downstairs to the bathroom: a towel, the clothes she planned to change into, shampoo, conditioner, soap, deodorant, mouthwash, toothpaste and brush. Only when Chloe felt fully prepared did the step out into the landing with the bundle of toiletries and garments. What she saw almost made her drop everything. Sophie was there, dressed only in a towel that covered nothing above the waist. She was picking through a drying rack loaded precariously with clothing like a game of Buckaroo, apparently looking for something ready to wear tonight.

At first glance Chloe only got a side-on view of her new flatmate bent over the clotheshorse, from which she could see perfectly the outline of her bare, heavy breasts, button nipples pointing out stiffly. When Sophie heard Chloe's door shut, however, she straightened up and gave her a smile. That snowy hair looked a few shades darker when wet, and it hung in messy curls over her shoulders. The full-frontal view was somehow even less modest than profile. Chloe had to remind herself that it was considered rude to stare at her new flatmate's tits. Instead, still absorbing the surprise of it all, she looked up and returned the smile.

"Hey," Sophie said, making no effort to cover her chest, "shit, I'm sorry. I should've asked if you were okay with me walking around topless, shouldn't I?"

Chloe shook her head quickly. "No, honestly, it's fine," she replied. It was true, too- once she'd dealt with the shock of seeing a half-naked Sophie (given that they'd only met that same day), she really didn't mind at all. She'd never seen much need for bodily shyness around friends. "I'll probably do the same!"

Sophie winked. "Something to look forward to, then," she said with a half-laugh. As Chloe continued down the stairs for her shower, she wondered if maybe that was because the blonde girl had only been half joking. But she dismissed the thoughts as quickly as they arrived; it was a relatively natural thing for young people to jokingly sexualise their friends, and that was surely all Sophie had been doing. By the time she was under the hot flow of the shower, Chloe had completely forgotten about it.

No sooner had she put the shampoo in her hair than a familiar feeling struck Chloe. It was almost an inevitable part of showering, for her: the sudden need to pee, which often came on suddenly when she was in there and almost always ended with her relieving herself where she stood. On this day the urge was particularly strong, since she hadn't been since her close call upon arrival several hours ago. She thought nothing of it when her bladder sent the signal that told her that she really had to go.

Instead, Chloe simply spread her naked legs and let rip, contentedly watching the light yellow stream pick up pace and turn into a torrent that made her whole spine tingle. She loved watching it mix in with the clear water, run through her toes and disappear down the drain, gone forever. On a personal level, she had no qualms with peeing in the shower, reasoning that it was perfectly hygienic. If any of the others didn't like it, well, what they didn't know couldn't hurt them. Getting out the shower to sit on the loo for thirty seconds, only to immediately get back under the water, seemed counter-productive anyhow. Feeling much better, she started rinsing the white foam from her head.

Once she was cleaned, dried and dressed, Chloe nipped out for some soft drinks from the shop Sophie had mentioned down the road (suitably tiny, as she'd expected) and returned to the now-empty kitchen with a decent haul: two bottles each of cheap lemonade and Diet Pepsi. Did Diet Pepsi really get you drunker than regular Pepsi, or was that a myth? Chloe wasn't sure, and given how much of her time she'd invested on the basis of the first statement being true, she suspected she'd be happier never finding out. The lemonade was off-brand; it simply served as an emergency backup in case they got through Pepsi faster than anticipated.

Being the only person in the room at that moment- seeing as Molly was showering, and everyone else was off getting dressed still- made Chloe calmer, less under pressure to impress new people. It was still ten minutes until seven by the time the mixers were safely tucked away. So, looking for things to do, she ventured over to the far corner of the room, and the one that she personally thought was the most important. This was where the alcohol was kept. Not beer or cider- those could go live in the fridge. No, Chloe thought excitedly, this is where you store the really good stuff.

They were loaded. Not with money, maybe, but you could swim in this stuff if you wanted to. Somebody- probably Sophie- had lined the bottles up like soldiers, ordered by type and brand. On one end were little bottles of Tequila, Sambuca, even Fireball. Set up proudly around these bottles was a row of six identical shot-glasses. From there, left to right, the drinks only got bigger and more extravagant. There was an array of Malibu, Disaronno and three different flavours of Vodka.

Then, Chloe realised, they started to stray into hard liquor territory: rum, whiskey, gin in every colour of the rainbow. She even spotted a neck of brandy sitting there- one of the few drinks she'd never tried before. And there, the crown jewels at the end, stood three bottles of wine and enough Baileys to fill a sink. At the very back of the worktop, tucked away in tidy stacks, were at least a dozen rolls of toilet paper, ready to be deployed whenever needed. Usually twelve rolls would feel like a lot, but in a house of six teenage girls who all consumed alcohol or worse, she wasn't sure it would last them until Hallowe'en.

For a moment, Chloe just stood and stared in awe of this ridiculous collection. Then she went upstairs to grab her own contribution, intending to add the four bottles of spirits she'd bought with her to the pile. When she got back to her chair in the kitchen, carrying the drinks awkwardly under her arms, someone else was already sitting in it.

Abigail was a small, mousey woman with rich brown skin and sleek hair tied loosely behind her head. Denim dungarees over a red top bought to mind the aesthetic of a girl much younger than twenty, but there was nothing childish about the thoughtful solemnity of her face, or the way hazel eyes peered watchfully out from behind thick rectangle glasses. Pinned to her chest, just above the heart, was a pink butterfly.

She looked up when Chloe came in, not seeming remotely surprised by the arrival of this total stranger. In fact, Chloe thought it was as though Abigail had been waiting for her. One hand held a half-empty bottle of golden Budweiser, and it was with this hand that she beckoned Chloe to sit opposite to her. The bottle cap sat, upturned, on the table.

"Hey. Have a seat".

Chloe dropped off her heavy drinks with the rest of the alcohol, then sat. Up close she noticed the finer details: neatly trimmed fingernails, a sturdy nose, eyebrows that had been trimmed impeccably. Abigail dressed practically, but she had clearly put time into her appearance.

"Abigail, right? Or do you prefer Abbie?"

The girl scoffed, smiling sardonically.

"My mum still calls me Ben, so I'll take either of those," she said.

"Abbie it is, then. I'm Chloe". She stuck out a hand and they shook. It felt nice to finally be done introducing herself for the day.

"Welcome. It's good to have company. How's the room?"

"It's pretty good, actually," Chloe said honestly, "I was worried I'd get stuck with the worst one, but I like it so far".

Abbie nodded- she knew the feeling. "There aren't really any terrible rooms here. They're all equal in their mediocrity".

Whether it was the look, the sarcastic humour or the big words, Chloe was quickly beginning to understand that she was talking to someone much smarter than your average student. But she didn't quite know what to do with that information, so instead she pressed on with her favourite strategy- small talk.

"I know which rooms are Molly's and Amira's, but I haven't seen the rest of the house yet," she said.

"Carmen's just down the hall from Amira," Abbie explained, "and I live on the top floor, opposite Sophie. It's basically an attic, but it's nice enough".

"Sounds cool," Chloe said wistfully, "I'd have loved to live on the top".

"Oh, it's not all that. I think Sophie's a lot more into it than me". She leaned in, her beer tilting precariously as she did, "I'm half-expecting her to start growing weed up there any day now". Chloe was starting to notice one more thing about Abigail- she spoke slowly, more so than any girl Chloe had met before. Her accent was certainly not from anywhere near Manchester; in fact, she sounded southern. Every word was pronounced deliberately. "Trust me, you might think living upstairs looks cool, but you get bored of walking down two dozen stairs every time you need the toilet".

Chloe hadn't thought about that aspect of it. Suddenly, she was back to being grateful for the room she had. "What happens if you need a wee in the night?" she asked.

Abbie shrugged. "You hold it in".

"But what about when you can't hold it?"

"I don't know, that hasn't happened to me yet," she said casually, "hopefully it never does. I'd never get back to sleep after making what's basically a pilgrimage from my room to the bathroom and back".

"You will if you're drunk enough," Chloe pointed out.

"If I was that drunk then getting downstairs in the first place would be a challenge," Abbie countered, "but I'm not really a heavy drinker".

Chloe nodded just a little at the beer bottle in her hand and raised an eyebrow. The other girl chuckled again, and once again the laugh had that dry quality that Chloe wasn't sure she was used to yet.

"Okay, I've started early tonight," she admitted, "it's the only way I can keep up with Sophie and Molly. Those two drink like they don't want to live".

"What about Amira, does she drink?" Chloe didn't want to be nosy, but she couldn't help the desire to learn as much as possible about her new housemates as soon as she could.

"More than Carmen and I, less than Sophie and Molly," Abbie said, "but it's our job to make sure her parents don't find out, they don't tolerate alcohol at all".

Chloe was about to ask another question when Molly came in, hair still damp from her shower. The dress code, it seemed, was Smart Casual; they wanted to look nice but there was no point dressing to the nines when they had no plans to leave the house. Molly had certainly got the memo, wearing ripped blue jeans and a tight-fitting purple crop. She almost made Chloe feel overdressed in her slightly more extravagant outfit. Those worries disappeared a few moments later with the arrival of Carmen, who didn't seem to have a Smart Casual setting. Next to her, ruby dress flowing as she walked, Chloe looked significantly more modest. Moments later, Amira came and took her seat, carrying a pack of neatly-stacked playing cards. They all greeted Chloe and Abbie enthusiastically, ready to dive into a night that could go in any direction.

"I like how Sophie was the first to shower and she's still the last person downstairs," Molly said with a smile.

Amira lifted that pink-cased phone off the table and eyed the clock. Even reading upside-down, Chloe could still see that it said 6:59. "She said seven, and it's not seven yet. Trust me, she'll be here in the next few seconds". Sure enough, footsteps began to rattle down the stairs almost right away. "Told you".

Sophie's arrival signalled the unofficial start of the party. She had bought with her a portable bluetooth speaker, the small, cylindrical kind that sat on the table and connected to a mobile phone. Within minutes of the six meeting, music was playing through it, turned down just low enough that conversation could be heard easily. Each of the girls grabbed a drink and returned to the table just as Molly was finishing arranging the cards face-down in a circle, looking like the petals of a flower with a huge empty pint glass in the middle. She seemed naturally comfortable in the role of card-master.

"Okay, I'm guessing everyone has played Ring of Fire before?" she said, fussily moving some of the cards a few centimetres into a more aesthetically pleasing shape.

"I haven't," Chloe said, "my flatmates last year weren't really into card games. How do you play?"

"It's really simple. We take it in turns to pick a card from the circle and turn it over. Every card means you do something different, basically. We'll explain as we go along".

"And what's the pint glass for?" Chloe asked.

Molly finished fiddling with the cards, satisfied, but it was Sophie who answered. "That's the grand finale. Every time someone draws a King card, they pour some of their drink into that glass. Whoever gets the last King downs the whole pint".

Chloe's eyebrows shot up. There was a wide variety of drinks on the table; some of the girls were drinking beer or cider and others had made drinks with spirits. Chloe herself favoured a solution of vodka and Pepsi. She didn't think it would taste very good at all once it was mixed with Abbie's Budweiser. "So, you really don't want to draw that last King?".

"Not if you want to walk to bed on your own two feet," Amira said.

