The Golden Ratio

Author: Noot

*000*2021-06-21 00:28

Hey! Welcome to the start of a (kind of) new story for me on this site.

Some of you might remember a story I started last year called The Golden Ratio: Six Girls, One Bathroom. I left that story behind after just a few chapters because I wasn't happy with some of the decisions I made or the writing style, but promised to restart it because I liked the characters and lots of posters seemed to like it. This is that reboot. Some of the first chapters will be similar in plot to the original, but after that it will branch out and spend more time with all of the characters.

Just as with most of my stories, I want to write the most detailed, honest and realistic story about student life in the UK as I can. The focus on this story is our six characters, specifically the parts of their lives that revolve around using, needing or not making it to the bathroom. But I'll also touch upon other themes, including some male content and other topics including nudity, sex, masturbation, drug and alcohol use and bedwetting/incontinence as well as probably more- but nothing violent, scatological or otherwise contradicting the page of site rules. Where there are topics other than standard female pee/wetting content, that chapter will begin with a content warning (in spoiler tags) so that you can make an informed decision on whether you want to read it or not.

Hope you enjoy and please give me your feedback! I'm also open to suggestions about the kind of plot elements you want to see so feel free to comment those too! And thanks to all the people who expressed enthusiasm about the original, hopefully this version will work just as well for you.

###

Part One

"She walks along the edge of where the ocean meets the land just like she's walking on a wire in a circus"

- Counting Crows

"Time may change me, but I can't trace time"

- David Bowie

Chapter One

Chloe

"Crosstown traffic, all you do is slow me down

And I'm trying to get on the other side of town"

- Jimi Hendrix

August had come and gone in the turn of a key, and nothing of summer still clung on but the September sun that beat down relentless on the city, sparkling yet devoid of its old comforting warmth. The streets had been gridlocked all morning; each road was a frozen river of stagnant shells, blue and black and white and silver, all of them crawling like beetles toward the next set of lights. Progress had long since slowed to a painful rate, and the numberplate in front was rarely more than a few metres away.

Some trailing driver honked impatiently, and Chloe was of half a mind to do the same. She squirmed in her seat, thighs rubbing restlessly together again, denim scratching on denim. The numberplate in front of her had been etched into her memory for the better part of an hour. In that time her battered old Ford had moved scarcely a mile.

She should have seen this coming, for a certainty. Her mother had warned her that traffic would be terrible today- not just a Saturday but the first of the month, the day that half the student population were bound to be moving into their new flats and houses. Chloe always listened to her mother’s advice, but she’d never gotten the hang of following it.

By noon she was no more than a five minute walk from her destination, but the roads were so clogged up that it would surely take thrice that time to navigate by car. Her feet were not spending much time on the pedals, and in the idle moments her left heel tapped anxiously on the floor below.

Chloe was moving into a cheap six-bedroom house in the most populous student neighbourhood in the city, which was just fine by her. It was affordable, it was sociable and it was within walking distance of everywhere she was likely to want to be, and that was all a girl looked for in accommodation. Her five new housemates were all girls too, although that was near enough the only thing she knew about them save their names. The summer had been busy; she was loathe to spend any more of it on Facebook than she had to.

Her phone sat in the passenger seat, dictating what came onto the car radio through Bluetooth. Almost everything else had been stuffed unceremoniously onto the back seats or in a cramped boot. There were only two other possessions within her reach. The first, a little blue travel bag, was filled with everything she thought she might need for the drive- a few energy bars, a pack of tissues, a couple of tampons, her purse and a bottle of water that had long since been drained.

In the drink-holder sat an equally dry Starbucks paper cup. She’d polished off her usual order (white, with sugar and a sprinkle of cinnamon) just outside of the city, in an attempt to power through a slightly hungover lethargy, and now her bladder was paying the price for that rash decision.

Chloe was no stranger to this feeling, the one of sitting captive behind the hot black wheel of her car and longing to be on the cool white seat of her toilet instead. She had been a driver for three years and spent a good many of those journeys thinking more about the nearest bathroom than the safest practices. Her bladder was not small so much as her mind was careless: given the choice, Chloe would always rather spend the minutes before a long car ride checking social media than checking to see if she needed the loo.

That recklessness had birthed experience in the art of holding while driving. In turn, that experience meant she had restricted herself to just the occasional close call and even rarer accident- for more than a thousand days she’d owned this Ka, and the drivers’ seat had been wet only once, though the faint scent lingered still. Nobody else knew anything of it. The trick was simple: the key to holding was distraction, and the key to distraction, for Chloe, was music.

Should I stay or should I go now?

The Clash were blaring out over those old speakers, as loudly as she dared, which was still far louder than most. Chloe smirked. She wished she could go now, but the traffic was complicating things. Besides, she thought, somehow I doubt that’s the kind of go Mick Jones meant. He was singing about something entirely different, of course, but it was scary how appropriate the unrelated could sometimes be.

If I go, there will be trouble

There would be trouble, for sure, especially in the laundry department. Chloe crept a few more feet down the road, stopped, put the handbrake on. Her hand wanted badly to go between her legs and this time she relented, taking comfort in a reassuring squeeze of her crotch. It wasn’t much. Soon she’d be off of the main roads, away from the congestion, and she’d need all ten of her fingers to drive. But it was something- a sweet, brief moment of relief before she had to release the brake again and set off across the next couple of yards.

By now the urgency was throbbing loudly inside her. She knew how to hold her pee, but not often this much of it, nor for this long. When she straightened her back it was hard to tell if her posture made it easier or harder to keep it in. Needing to go so badly would be a pain at the best of times, but she found that it was even tougher with her feet on the pedals because her thighs could never be truly closed. Her willpower and her sphincter were the only two weapons she could use. And her left hand, every now and then.

This indecision's bugging me (Esta indecisión me molesta)

Distracting herself with the song was even starting to get difficult. The only positive was that she wouldn’t need to try for much longer, with her turning off of the clogged streets coming after the next set of traffic signals. Chloe pulled up to the red lights feeling thankful; time was running out, and she was facing the very real possibility that the first time she met her new housemates would be in jeans several shades darker than the ones she’d pulled on that morning.

Her hand snaked towards her pussy again and this time it lingered for longer. Letting go was harder than before, leaving her worried she might leak once that wonderful pressure was taken away, but- for now- her muscles held strong. She fanned her thighs open and closed, wriggling uncomfortably in her seat. Her knees knocked together with each inward swing.

Chloe began to wonder what would happen if she lost control and wet herself. It wasn’t hard to imagine, not when memories of the last time were still fresh. She could practically see her denim jeans turning navy, glistening as they grew saturated. She could picture the pool of pee that would quickly flood that little triangle between her thighs, until it was so swollen it overflowed like a burst dam and dampened the floor. Suddenly the smell of old urine on her car seat felt very fresh and very real.

When the lights finally turned orange, she barely noticed until the car in front began to move. She kicked her engine back into life and tore around the corner, onto the final stretch of the journey. There was no traffic here. The question was whether she could reach the new house before her body gave up. After that she would need to hope she could get from front door to toilet in time. God, I hope nobody’s in the shower. Chloe drove with something approaching abandon, sensing in her bladder that she was close to losing it, no matter how much she squirmed and writhed about. Without being able to hold herself, she was too desperate to stay dry for much longer.

The good news was that there wasn’t far to go. The little black Ka finally emerged out of the gridlock that had swallowed up half the city (and half of her day) and broke away onto one of the intersecting streets, at last heading east instead of north. Her phone helpfully announced that she would need to turn left in half a mile. She approached another set of lights, praying that they would stay green. In her mirror, Chloe saw the car behind her stop at the lights. If she had been a few seconds earlier, she would surely have ended up wetting herself at that stop.

The left turning came and Chloe took it far too fast, bouncing up and down in her seat as she drove. One sharp right took her onto the street, the one she would be living on for the next ten months. All that was left was to find the right house. Reluctantly, she stepped on the brake, groaning when the seatbelt dug uncomfortably into her bladder. The only way to read the little numbers on each front door was to crawl along at what felt like a painfully slow rate, and with both hands occupied she had to squirm like a lunatic to keep from squirting into her pants. She was looking for 49 Morecambe Road- she saw 27 on one side, 28 on the other. A few moments later she squeezed between 39 and 40. The street was cramped, with narrow pavements and cars lining each side to make the road only wide enough for one vehicle to drive through at a time. The moment she saw that #49, in grimy bronze lettering on a navy blue door, Chloe swung into the nearest gap and parked up.

By the time the engine sputtered into silence she was already clambering out of the car, pausing only to snatch up her phone. The rest of her shit could wait, she decided, until a time when she was able to think about anything other than the bowling-ball weight in her abdomen. Standing up proved to be far harder than she’d expected; a sharp pain constricted her bladder and she bent over at the knees, legs pressed fiercely together. Chloe was intensely aware of a warm, wet sensation that dribbled out of her and dampened the fabric of her underwear. Instinctively a hand shot down to her crotch and she grabbed blindly at it, hoping to squeeze herself closed for just a little longer. After a few seconds the worst of the pain subsided and, remembering where she was, she forced herself to let go of her pussy. There was no time to check if the leak was visible- she’d managed to stop it for now, and that was all that she cared about.

Her three rapid knocks on the door were perhaps a little harsher than she’d usually go with, but Chloe was desperate for whoever was home to open up as a matter of urgency. She’d barely stemmed the first leak and a second was coming. The fifteen seconds she stood there, frantically shifting her weight from one foot to the other, seemed to go on for minutes. She slipped her phone into the pocket of her jeans, unable to ignore the wetness on her lips. Relief was so close- whether it was close enough, though, was going to be a tight call.

When the door opened, Chloe was greeted by a young woman in a bubblegum pink sweatshirt and a tight hijab printed with a flowery pattern. They’d never met, but the girl’s eyes widened as if she was being reunited with a long-lost best friend. She pulled Chloe into a delicate hug, grinning. Chloe was so taken aback that she almost forgot about her situation. Reciprocating the embrace, she couldn’t help but notice one of the loveliest scents she’d ever smelt on another human being. It was like hugging a coconut stuffed with lavender.

“You’re Chloe, right?” the girl said. It was framed as a question, but she clearly knew the answer.

“Yep, and you must be Amira”. Chloe smiled back- she couldn’t help it, it was infectious- and allowed herself to be pleased that she’d remembered her new housemate’s names, at least. But once they both straightened back up, that aching discomfort was back in her bladder.

“It’s so good to meet you!” Amira gushed. Chloe had never had anyone seem nearly so happy to see her before. But she was fidgeting again, unable to stand still lest she drench the doormat, and needed to speed up the formalities. Proper introductions would have to wait.

“And you!” she said, “but, listen, can we talk in a minute? I’m absolutely busting for a wee”.

Amira laughed sweetly. “I can see that. The only bathroom is down the hall and to the right, next to the kitchen. See you in a bit”.

Chloe could have kissed her, but there was no time. So instead she hurriedly thanked her new housemate and took off down the narrow corridor. To her left was the staircase heading up to the first floor and to her right sat a door to what looked like a living room, but she had eyes only for what was around the corner. She bolted into the bathroom, pulled the cord to turn on the light and shut the door. After a few seconds fumbling with the lock, she managed to slide the bolt across the door and turn around.

Mercifully, her jeans came down without any fuss and it was only a few strides across the room to reach the toilet. Chloe span and planted her bare bum on the plastic seat with what felt like seconds to spare before she completely lost control. Her stream gushed into the water below with an intense force, releasing the pressure that had been building up for so long. The feeling of letting go was more pleasurable than any sex Chloe had had in a long time; she couldn’t help letting a little moan of relief pass out from between her lips. Her cheeks reddened as she wondered if Amira could hear any of it.

Once the initial feeling had subsided, Chloe got her first real look around the bathroom. For the most part it was pretty standard- a bath, separate shower cubicle (a nice touch), a sink with a medicine cabinet and a rug on the floor, all cramped into a relatively small space. But there was one feature she’d never seen in any restroom before. Directly opposite the toilet she was currently christening stood the only mirror in the bathroom. It was huge, almost floor-to-ceiling and at least three feet across, and when sitting on the loo she got a perfect, unobstructed view of her slumped figure furiously emptying her bladder into the bowl. Quite why the designers had decided that that was an angle the tenants would want was beyond her, but she supposed it would help if she ever needed to do her make-up in a rush.

When she was finally finished peeing, Chloe leaned over and felt the gusset of her knickers with her thumb and the tip of her first finger. They were certainly damp a little to the left of the centre-line, but luckily the damage was limited and her jeans had escaped unscathed. She let out a sigh of relief when she realised just how close she had come to spending her first few minutes in this new bathroom cleaning up an accident. Two sheets of paper later she was bone-dry, pants aside, and she flushed the evidence away before setting out to go and meet Amira.

