Angelica and Lily - with tags!

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*000*2020-01-12 13:47

Hello, everyone!

I have decided to continue the saga of Angelica and Lily on a new posting, since I couldn't figure out how to add tags to the old one. The first four chapters can be found here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/54188-angelica-and-lily/

And now, here is chapter five! Please note, this is the first chapter that contains overtly sexual content.

Contains: masturbation (kind of), spanking (kind of)

Chapter 5: Amusement Park

“Wait, what? You don’t like roller coasters?”

Lily gaped at Angelica, her question hanging in the air. Her face was plastered with an “I-can’t-believe-you-just-said-that” stunned expression.

Angelica tried to let the question slip by unanswered and kept her eyes on the road. But when she looked back to Lily, she was still boring into her with that gaze, waiting for an answer. Angelica faced the road again, then back towards Lily, expecting her at any time to crack a smile and move on. When this didn’t happen, Angelica gave an awkward chuckle, trying to laugh it off. Lily didn't break.

“I mean, I just don't like the feeling you get on them. That can't be that weird—I’m sure there are a lot of people who don't like roller coasters.”

“Yeah, but if you don't like them, then why did you go along with this idea at all? I said we should go to Firefly Thrills because I thought we would both have fun. You should've told me you didn't want to go!”

Angelica didn’t know how to respond. Usually she went along with whatever Lily suggested, partly because Lily had the greater enthusiasm and partly because she also had the better ideas. One could only suggest “Let’s have a night where we stay at home and read” so many times before someone will start to wonder how it’s a two-person activity. The fact was, though, that she had grown accustomed to letting Lily plan things. There had been enough ideas that she hadn’t expected to like but wound up liking anyway for her to be content to leave things as they were. And for those things that she didn’t end up enjoying—their ill-fated trip to the haunted house came to mind—well, it usually took less emotional energy to endure it than to try to protest it.

In addition, the two of them hadn’t done anything big together in the time after Angelica’s issue at Brenda Davis’s party a month before. So when Lily had said they should go to an amusement park for her birthday, Angelica agreed without making a fuss. She had almost forgotten about how strange it would seem to anyone who was outside of her own brain for her to happily go along with something she disliked. Now that Lily was putting her on the spot about it, she realized she didn’t have much of a good explanation.

Readjusting her grip on the steering wheel and shuffling uncomfortably in her seat, Angelica cleared her throat and said, “Well, it’s for your birthday, and you suggested it, so, I, uh, I thought…you wanted…”

Lily pulled her legs up to her chest on the passenger seat and let her head lean over against the headrest, her face crestfallen. “Aw, Angie, I didn’t mean to make you come. I just thought it would be fun. I thought we’d both have fun! Did you think I didn’t care what you thought?”

Angelica gave Lily a quick conciliatory glance in between maintaining her attention on the road. She switched her blinker on and pulled off onto the exit for the park. “Oh, no! No, that’s not it. Okay. Listen. Sure, I don’t really like them, but, but, I also haven’t been on one for a long time…maybe I’ll like it more this time.” She gave a saccharine smile to Lily. When Lily’s expression didn’t lift, Angelica pressed further. “It’s like, so many times, you have great ideas, Lil. Even if I don’t think I’ll have fun, I usually do. So I agreed because you’re my best friend, and I know you’ll have fun, and if you have fun, then I probably will too. Okay?”

Lily’s smile returned and she straightened her head. “You mean it?” Angelica nodded at her, smiling genuinely. The usual pep returned to Lily’s voice and she faced forward again. “Thanks, Angie. That means a lot.”

Angelica pulled the car off the service road into the entrance to the park’s parking lot. A sign reading “FIREFLY THRILLS PARK” in bright, colorful letters arched over the entryway. Lily was almost squealing with delight—actually, she was squealing with delight—as they collected their parking pass from the automatic dispenser and made their way into the crowded lot, slowing down for hordes of visitors—families with small children like firecrackers of excitement, young couples draped romantically over each other, and the occasional day camp group, all wearing matching neon T-shirts. Once they found a parking spot, Angelica put up the sunshade and insisted that they both put on sunscreen before going inside. Lily gave a little pout but complied. After a hasty application, Angelica had to take half a minute to rub in all the places that Lily had missed, all while telling her good-naturedly to stop whining and sit still.

Once this ordeal was over, they both exited the car and stretched their legs, with Angelica using a hand to shield her eyes as they adjusted to the bright sun. As she squinted in the cloudless daylight, she tucked her brown hair behind her ears and wondered offhand if she had dressed too warmly, wearing a dark gray T-shirt, jeggings, and tennis shoes. The T-shirt she had picked because it was the only one she owned long enough to provide at least some cover to her bottom, with every curve visible in its current tight embrace by the jeggings.

The jeggings she had picked because they were the only clean thing she had that wasn’t a skirt. She almost never wore them, and felt slightly self-conscious wearing them now, usually preferring outfits that weren’t so…form-fitting. Lily, on the other hand, had on a pink tank top, yellow shorts, and sandals. As she put her blonde hair into a ponytail, she appeared to Angelica as though she had stepped right of the pages of a department store’s summer sale circular.

Angelica looked over at the gateway to the park’s interior, a good hundred yards away, and guessed that they wouldn’t allow outside food in. With that in mind, she grabbed her water bottle from the cupholder in the car door and chugged the rest of it, burping discreetly when finished. Even though probably eighty percent or more of the rides in the park wouldn’t be fun to her, she had to admit that on a whole, the place gave off an air of inviting excitement. And she was with her best friend, for her birthday. A smile crept up one side of her mouth and she turned back towards Lily.

“C’mon, Lil. Let’s go have fun.”

###

The two girls had been at the park for close to two hours, and Angelica had not been on a single roller coaster, despite Lily’s pleas. During that time, every time Lily joined the line for one, Angelica would stay behind and watch, also taking the opportunity to examine the nearby park maps. In this way she gradually familiarized herself with every attraction there was which lacked excessive G-forces. She would also use the time to sneak in intermittent texts to Brian. Ever since she had admitted her attraction to him, she had taken the initiative to reach out and try to start some kind of a friendship. So far he had responded amiably, though Angelica had tried to act reserved and not come exploding into his life with professions of undying love like some kind of psycho. So, things were going well, but she couldn’t help but wonder if he knew how she felt—and if he felt the same way too.

Then, once Lily had finished her ride, Angelica would point out a tamer one that they could both go on, and so they spent their time alternating back and forth. In the hot sun, both friends had to routinely stop by water fountains to rehydrate. Angelica was definitely drinking more, though, since she could do so while Lily was in line. This, combined with the water bottle from earlier, caused her to begin to notice a need for a toilet after about an hour in the park. She didn’t pay much attention to it, however, since the two of them were trying to get in as much fun as possible in the time they had, and Angelica told herself she could go by a bathroom any time she needed. Meanwhile, her stomach had begun to growl as well, and she thought it was probably about time for them to get lunch.

As Lily breathlessly caught up to Angelica at the exit of The Devil’s Tower, a coaster that excelled in vertical drops and time spent upside down, Angelica gave her a smile to match Lily’s own grin of exhilaration, standing up from the bench she had been sitting on. Lily, though, staggered over to the bench and flopped right down on it, causing Angelica to laugh and sit down again. Lily’s head was lying back and she still seemed out of breath, though Angelica couldn’t tell how much of it was actual and how much was Lily just being overly dramatic in her excitement.

“So, how was it? New favorite?” Every roller coaster that Lily had ridden that day had been subsequently declared her “new favorite.”

Lily lifted her head ever so slightly. “Definitely.” She dropped her head down again and laughed. “You really need to go on one, Angie. They are like, so much fun. Really, you’ve gotta try one. I think you’ll enjoy it a lot more than you think.”

Angelica laughed dismissively, hoping to dispel the thought from Lily’s mind. “Yeah, well, I know you’re enjoying them. That’s enough for me, really.”

Lily raised her head all the way up and looked Angelica in the eye. “Could you at least try one today?” When Angelica laughed again, she puckered her lower lip in a fake pout. “Pwetty pwease? It’s for my birthday.”

Angelica just chuckled and shook her head. She didn’t have it in her to be a stick-in-the-mud whenever Lily got this silly. As Lily’s infantile pleadings continued, eventually Angelica broke. “All right, all right! You win, ya big baby. One. I will go on one roller coaster today.”

Lily giggled gleefully and rubbed her hands together. “Yay! Now I just have to think of the perfect one for you to lose your roller coaster virginity on!”

“Oh my gosh.” Angelica covered her face with one hand, embarrassed by Lily’s comment. It only had the effect of making Lily break out afresh into tittering cackles. Angelica sat there, mouth scrunched up on one side, and stared off into the crowds while waiting for Lily to get it out of her system. As Lily’s snickers died down, Angelica turned back towards her with an exaggerated “ANYWAY,” making Lily cover her mouth to keep from laughing again. Even Angelica couldn’t resist the smile playing on one corner of her mouth. “I’m hungry. Do you think we should go get something to eat? There’s a place here that sells pizza. I thought it looked pretty good.”

Lily leaned forward on the bench, preparing to stand. “Yeah, good idea. Pizza sounds good. You’ll have to lead the way.” They both stood and began walking when Lily suddenly stopped. At Angelica’s puzzled look, she narrowed her eyes suspiciously. “Wait a second. After we eat, we’ll have to wait a while before we can go on a roller coaster again.”

Angelica tried to follow Lily’s train of thought without success. “So?”

Lily arched an eyebrow with an “I’m-on-to-you” expression. “So, you just said you’d go on a roller coaster today. Are you trying to get out of it now?”

“What? No, of course not.”

“Well, I can just hear you now: ‘Sorry, Lil, but I’m still too full. I don’t think I can ride yet. Oh, what’s that? It’s time for us to go? Oops, sorry about that.’” She put her hands on her hips in mock accusation.

“Come on, Lil, I won’t do that. I promised I’d ride one.”

Lily’s face immediately switched to a bright, bubbly smile. “Great! So let’s do it now, and we can eat lunch after.”

Angelica’s eyes darkened as she realized she’d been played. When she had said she would go on a roller coaster today, she hadn’t really thought that meant today today. It felt more like homework that you could just keep putting off for a few hours more. In her gut, she wanted to avoid it as long as possible, but in her head, she knew that Lily was probably right. Hey, and if she got it over with now, then she’d be free for the rest of the day. It was probably best to do it now, then, but the thought still made her stomach churn with anxiety. She also felt her bladder give off a stronger twinge, letting her know that it would need attention soon. Okay, fine. They could do this first, then she’d stop by the bathroom on the way to get lunch. Lily’d probably need to go, too. She licked her lips, then said, “Okay. Sure. Let’s do it.”

The next minute or so was spent with Lily deliberating over which would be the perfect experience for Angelica to get her feet wet on. After a fair amount of voluble considerations, she concluded that the ideal roller coaster would be The Typhoon, which, according to Lily, boasted the optimal balance of creativity with tried-and-true solid design. Angelica didn’t have much to say in response, but she couldn’t help but be a little impressed at how much of a connoisseur Lily evidently was, though her insides were still unsettled.

After a few minutes’ walk, both girls came upon the entrance to The Typhoon. A painted blue walkway led up one story to where the ride itself began. As they entered the walkway, Angelica took a deep breath. So, this was really happening. She could feel her nerves start to stand on edge, making her stomach quiver. At least that helped with not feeling quite so hungry. As they joined the end of the line, she drummed absentmindedly on the railing, not knowing what to do with her hands. Trying to peer ahead, Angelica could see a decently lengthy line ahead of them, even though there were two cars running on the roller coaster. She sighed and ran her tongue across the roof of her mouth, trying to quell her jitters.

At first, Lily tried to engage Angelica in a conversation about the upcoming ride, but such a topic couldn’t be sustained for long, and the line was advancing steadily, but slowly. Instead, she resorted to merely making idle chitchat during the wait. Angelica wasn’t much in the mood for talking—she seldom was when feeling anxious—and this was no exception. She tried to breathe evenly and smoothly, telling herself to just relax. It only worked so much.

On top of her anxiousness, over the course of the wait, she could feel her bladder steadily filling more. After about ten minutes the feeling was ever present, and by the time they had been in line for twenty minutes, she found it difficult to think about anything else. The butterflies in her stomach weren’t helping. Raising her head as insouciantly as she could, she tried to gauge how much of the line remained ahead of them. They were now next to the stretch of track where passengers would embark and disembark, but at this point the line began doing switchbacks, lengthening the number of people in front of them. Lily had stopped talking at all, most likely because the noise of the coaster was right next to them and drowned out any attempt at conversation. Angelica was thus left alone with her thoughts…and her ever-increasing need to pee.

Rocking back and forth as discreetly as she could, she nonchalantly roved her gaze about, trying to familiarize herself with as much of the track as possible. Watching car after car make the loop, she estimated that the ride lasted about two minutes in total. Most of the path it took was hidden from view from where they stood, but she counted the seconds between shrieks and did her best to estimate the steepness of the drop based off the intensity of the screaming. There wasn’t much else to do, and both her stomach and her bladder were getting increasingly tingly as time passed, inexorably drawing her nearer to experiencing those drops and twists herself. She shut her eyes and took a deep breath, reminding herself over and over that this was it, just one, and then she’d be done.

Without warning, her bladder suddenly constricted, making her have to quickly cross one leg over the other. No, no! Just hold on! She could tell that she wasn’t yet desperate—it was just nerves. Take another deep breath, just like that. That’s it. She was in control.

The line moved forward slightly, and Angelica uncrossed her legs and closed the gap. If only the line were shorter! At this point, the waiting itself was the worst part. She moved her weight to one leg, then the other. Stay calm. Stay calm and everything would be all right. She leaned herself against the railing and watched Lily. If Lily suspected that she needed to pee, then they would both end up in the same boat. Lily, however, was busy watching the coaster carriages arrive and depart with an eager expression on her face.

Watching her friend’s excitement helped take Angelica’s mind off her own need for a toilet. After a few seconds, Lily noticed Angelica watching her and flashed her a smile, wiggling her eyebrows. Angelica smiled back. Maybe she would enjoy this more than she thought. At least now her bladder had seemed to quiet down. See, she’d be fine. There were probably only a few more minutes in line.

Sure enough, about three minutes later, they found themselves passing through the gate onto the metal platform above which the seats were suspended. Each carriage had four rows of four seats each, and as Lily and the other fourteen people quickly swarmed the rows, Angelica hung behind, her nerves now making her breathing quicken, and hesitated. Now that she was seeing it up close, the coaster was bigger than she had realized, and she swallowed. Her throat was dry, and she admitted to herself that she felt afraid.

Lily was already seated and saw Angelica still standing off to the side. She gave a big smile and waved her arm in a large gesture, waving for Angelica to come and find a seat. Angelica returned a half-hearted smile, took a breath, squared her shoulders, and stepped forward. She was the only person still standing, and so she was forced to take the only empty seat left, which was unfortunately two rows behind Lily, who had, unsurprisingly, sat in the front. She moved in between the two rows and climbed in between the two other riders on either side.

Angelica tentatively slid into the hard plastic seat and wriggled her bottom, trying to get comfortable. Like many roller coasters, it was designed to restrict your movement as much as possible from every angle, and, as such, the seat was contoured to fit the average rear end. She tried fidgeting for a few seconds before realizing that her efforts weren’t going to change the shape of the coaster’s seat and subsequently sat still. Now that she was actually sitting on the coaster, about to ride, she could feel her heart beating faster. Her apprehension made her head feel like it was filling with pressure, making her ears pop and her peripheral vision weird. Trying to soothe her autonomic nervous system, she swallowed, folded her hands across her lap, and closed her eyes while regulating her breathing. Deep breath in, slooooowly let it out. That was better. She suppressed a nervous yawn.

As the seconds ticked by in her head, Angelica felt her bladder tightening again. She took another deep breath and told herself it was just nerves. She didn’t have to go that badly. Due to her past experiences, she knew that if she had thought she was entering the danger zone, she would have simply left the line. Better to have to wait another half hour than to take that risk. As of now, though, she would have to make sure that they went by a bathroom after this ride. On the other hand, though, maybe it was only from anxiousness, and she wouldn’t have to go once the ride was over? No, but that would mean repeating this whole inner debate—over whether or not she should have gone to the bathroom—on the next ride.

At least this should be her only roller coaster. That at least was a comfort. And besides, they were going to have lunch after this, which would be the ideal time to go pee. At the moment, however, she felt tingles going through her crotch and tried to squeeze her thighs together, though the movement was inhibited by the piece of metal between her legs, where the top part of the harness would attach. As she moved, her brow furrowed upon feeling an odd discomfort there, as if something were poking her in her private parts. Looking down, she tried to pull herself off the seat to see what it was.

It looked as though a large nut was supposed to screw in there, but a specially designed one, one that would be flush with the rest of the contoured harness. Instead, there was a much larger nut, clumsily screwed on and not painted over like the rest of the seat. Most likely the original nut had been lost during maintenance, and the mechanic had just slapped on whatever he had that would fit. It was unpleasant, though, boring into her groin the way it was. Maybe she should switch seats—though that would mean expecting someone else to have to get jabbed in the crotch. Or maybe…maybe she should just take her last chance to skip out on the ride altogether. Let Lily have fun on it while she went to use the bathroom. Win-win.

While she was staring at her lap and hovering above the seat, however, an amusement park worker was suddenly in front of her. Angelica heard a rehearsed “Okay, go ahead and sit down in the chair.” She looked up, seeing a freckled girl about her own age wearing the Firefly Thrills Park uniform, her eyes shadowed by her park visor. Instinctively, she found herself doing as the girl said, settling stiffly back into the seat.

“There ya go. Now could you lift your arms for me?” Angelica complied, wanting to ask about changing seats, but only got so far as an “um” before the employee had pulled the over-the-shoulder harness down on its hinge until it clicked into its socket. Angelica’s minor protestation had evidently fallen on deaf ears.

“Great. Now just grab onto the handles here.” The girl took hold of the handles herself, one over each of Angelica’s shoulders, to demonstrate. Once Angelica had copied this action, the girl followed it up with a sing-song “Perfect. Now I’m just gonna tighten everything up for ya, and then you’ll be good to go.” She put both hands on where the harness clicked into the seat and used her weight to push down three times, the whole row of seats shaking each time she did.

On the third push, the harness clicked one more notch into its socket. At the same time, however, the sudden extra push and the shake on the seat jostled Angelica, and without warning, the nut had suddenly spread her labia and popped itself right into her genitals like a speculum. Shocked and embarrassed, she immediately gasped and felt herself go red. The girl took no notice, however. She merely gave a smile and said, “There you are! Enjoy the ride!” before turning and moving briskly and efficiently off to the side.

Angelica shuffled and wiggled in her seat. The thin fabric of her panties and jeggings provided a measly barrier between the metal knob and her most sensitive, private area. Her brow wrought with consternation, she tried in vain to reposition herself so that she was no longer being violated by her chair. It was no use. She was strapped in too snugly to possibly make any difference. Looking down at where the nut was poking into her, she bit on her tongue as she attempted to use her hands to readjust herself. This too met with failure. The harness was too bulky for her to be able to reach her arm around it and access her crotch.

A loud hum of the powerful roller coaster engine revving up intruded on her struggle. In a panic, she looked back up, her eyes darting to and fro to find someone who could stop the ride, stop it before it started. Her bladder gave a quick spasm and she clenched her teeth and her thighs in response. There was no way she could ride like this! She bit her lip and craned her neck, trying to see an employee whose attention she could snag. Glancing about for the bright uniform, she could feel the vibration of the heavy machinery work its way all down through her harness, making her head buzz, her ribs resonate, and her crotch… No, no, it couldn’t be! She had to get out of this seat!

At that moment, though, the entire carriage of seats lifted forcefully off the ground. As it did so, the movement shifted Angelica further down onto the nut in her groin, pressing it up directly against her clitoris. She gave a sharp intake of breath and looked down. This was insane! There was no way that this could be safe or legal for park visitors. She hadn’t felt this defiled since that awful incident in senior year with that bully, Laura Katz…one that she decidedly did not want to be reminded of. She shifted more, trying but failing to pull off. Her frenzied attempts were also making her bladder tighten more and a wave of pain passed through it. She tensed all her muscles, trying to stay under control. It was challenging, considering she couldn’t close her thighs or use her hands in any way. She took another deep breath. It was only a two-minute ride. She could endure it. At least being suspended by the harness kept pressure on her urethra, since she couldn’t hold herself.

The carriage shoved off from the loading area and latched onto the chain that would pull it to the top of the first drop. The rumbling of the powerful motor resonated all through the framework of the roller coaster, but Angelica noticed it most in where it was concentrated in her private parts. As their set of seats made its way slowly, painstakingly up the hill, the vibration against her clitoris continued, and she began experiencing a strange new sensation. Oddly enough, although the buzzing was amplifying her need for a toilet, the pain it produced wasn’t an unpleasant pain. It rose in tandem with an unfamiliar pleasure, producing little shooting sensations all through her crotch, pain and pleasure waltzing together in harmony.

She felt her breathing grow heavier and heavier as her body temperature rose. A golden, tingly sensation was permeating her entire body, making her feel floaty, and at the same time, her bladder felt like it was constricting tighter and tighter, the pain of desperation making her leg muscles tense up and her toes curl. Or was it the strange euphoria that was doing that? Her sphincter was on fire with the pressure from her bladder, but almost right next to it, her clitoris was pulsating with jolts of ecstasy like shocks of electricity. Having the foci of such opposite sensations located in such close proximity to each other produced a feeling unlike any she had experienced before.

Being a virgin, and one who had never felt drawn to experiment sexually before, Angelica didn’t recognize the feeling of a building orgasm. Her breaths were labored pants at this point, her face was flushed, and she was white knuckled from gripping the harness so hard. The roller coaster was almost at its peak, and so too were the waves of bliss coursing through her. She felt elation, but combined with fear at not knowing what was happening to her. Suddenly, a moan slipped involuntarily out of her mouth, and she bit down on her lip. But the pleasure was mounting, and so was her bladder pressure, and so was the roller coaster…and another moan came out, and then another…and her pee was about to explode out of her…and she was in heaven…and she imagined Brian’s arms around her…

…and now the roller coaster was at the top…

Angelica screamed, a split second before the rest of the riders. Just when she had thought there was no way she could hold back the impending flood, the roller coaster entered its parabolic drop and the vibrations on her abated. The sudden light-headedness from freefall only amplified the blinding pulses of giddy pleasure that were overtaking her body. Her head was thrown back and her eyes rolled in their sockets as her breaths heaved forcefully, trying to gulp in enough oxygen to cope with the almost frighteningly powerful ecstasy coursing through every inch of her being. Her pee hadn’t escaped, though it still felt about to break free and spray all over everything, but her panties felt strangely wet.

As the coaster continued its dives and twists, the nut in her crotch buzzed intermittently, holding her in a loop of terrifying euphoria. Whereas each new drop or spin elicited shrieks from the rest of the people riding, each one brought about a fresh moan from Angelica. She was barely even aware of the ride itself, unable to think of anything but the inexorable crashing waves of rapture holding her captive. Fresh peaks of pleasure mounted again and again, each one higher than the last, until she felt sure her body couldn’t take any more. She thrashed about in her seat, overwhelmed with the enormity of the sensations she was experiencing. Each new zenith of rhapsody brought with it a new spike of desperation, however, and it was all she could do to hold her pee in.

At long last, the ride evened out and began its coast back into the loading/unloading zone. Angelica had probably reached climax multiple times on the coaster itself, and a new one had been building right up to the point of release when the buzzing had leveled off. Now it was keeping her at a low simmer, neither moving her toward release nor letting her body back down to earth. Her eyes were closed, and she didn’t dare move, since her pee was right up at the edge of her sphincter, eager for freedom. If the carriage could just stop and the vibrations go away, she could be all right—probably.

The seats came to a stop over the metal floor and descended for people to disembark. Angelica could feel her toes brushing the steel surface, and then the harnesses unlatched and swiveled upwards on their hydraulic springs. She waited for the vibration in the nut to die down to how it had been when she first got on the ride, but there was no change. It remained at its same low-level buzz, keeping her at a tantalized state right on the cusp of having another orgasmic wave crash over her. She held on to the sides of the chair, leaning forward, afraid to do anything else. All around her, she could hear the other park guests climbing out of their seats, laughing with post-adrenaline relief. If only that were the only kind of relief she needed.

She sat there, even as she heard the gate opening for new people to get on the ride, with all manner of assorted sensations tumbling through her head—thoughts that were closer to individual stimuli than fleshed-out concepts. She was aware of her lips, then her breasts, then remembered her wet and full pants from when she first met Lily, then Brian’s smile, then the cold of her sodden shorts at the Davis household. Footsteps neared her—most likely someone who would tell her she had to leave—but it barely registered in the menagerie of variegated memories of sense churning in her brain as simultaneous pain and pleasure hovered at a crescendo in her crotch.

Angelica didn’t move from her seat. She sat there, eyes squeezed shut, breathing hard, biting her lip to keep from letting out a moan—or something else. She imagined Brian kissing her, holding her, caressing her…she remembered his smell…she remembered wearing his jacket, and how it felt like he was embracing her…and then she remembered the conditions under which she had been wearing his jacket. Her bladder was constricting in throbbing pulses as the nut continued its low-level vibration inside her, and she knew that if she tried moving right now, it would be all over. She didn’t know what to do, but she couldn’t move—not now, not like this!

She could hear a park employee’s voice in front of her, “Excuse me, miss? You need to get off the ride now.” Opening one eye, she saw a young man standing in front of her, eyes searching her face, likely trying to figure out what was wrong with her. Behind him and off to the side, Lily stood staring, waiting for her. The employee gently reached out a hand. “Here, let me help you out.”

Her own hand shaking, Angelica gingerly took hold of his. She was still hyperventilating, and she closed her eyes again and clenched her teeth, bracing herself for extrication. Slowly, she began to shift her weight to her feet. This was a delicate procedure. Already, even with her cautious movement, the nut’s vibration against her engorged womanhood made another moan slip embarrassingly out. She had to be careful not to move to quickly, or else…

Unfortunately for her, the park employee was oblivious to her predicament. As soon as Angelica had begun to move, he, most likely in an attempt to be helpful, took hold of her other arm with his free hand and pulled her up and out of the seat in one swift movement. Angelica gasped loudly, and then the sensation of the nut making one final rub as it slid across her clitoris and out from inside her caught up to her, and the mounting wave that had towered up and up and up finally crested.

Angelica screamed, against her will, drawing the attention of most of those who were still standing in line. Her head fell backwards and her legs buckled, unable to support her. Knees bent inwards, she staggered, collapsing against the employee, as pleasure once again washed over her, and then lost control of her bodily functions. Her sphincter gave way entirely, and her urine rushed out into her panties, which were already wet with a spurt of something else. Angelica hovered there, still supported by the bewildered employee, like a ragdoll pumped full of endorphins, and peed her pants.

Within seconds, her panties were completely saturated, and her urine spread out horizontally on either side of her crotch, darkening the fabric, before descending in an inverted triangle down her thighs. The wetness spread out on her butt as well, and in her semi-crouched position it formed a wide wet spot underneath her butt cheeks and spreading up between them. The warm flood continued down her legs in splashing, trickling streams which cascaded from the spandex fabric at the back of her thighs, under her butt, from the bottoms of her calves, and straight from her crotch.

The sheer bliss at the relief doubled her existing ecstasy and made her scream again. By this time, most of the people in line were pointing and chattering among themselves, some laughing, others scandalized. The employee holding her up didn’t know what to do, and simply stared down at her with his mouth open. Most people screamed while riding the roller coaster, and very occasionally some wet themselves, but he had never seen it happen after getting off. He didn’t realize that Angelica had just gotten off in a different sense altogether.

The pee kept flowing, completely uninhibited, spreading across the front and back of both legs until it met on the outside, making the blue spandex dark and shiny. As Angelica came down from her climax, the reality of what had just happened began to pierce the euphoric haze in her brain. Her already-red face turned an even deeper shade of red and she abruptly straightened herself up, supported on her own legs again, and looked down at herself. Her mind was clearer, but the aftershocks of her accidental orgasm were still at play in her body, and she was still breathing heavily. She began to shake uncontrollably as she tried in vain to cut off the flow. Even though she was very nearly empty, she had no power to staunch the release of her urine, and instead watched as the last few seconds of pee sprayed out into her panties, trickling out of her pants to splatter in the large puddle around her feet, tinkling and spreading across the diamond plate steel floor.

Even after finishing, Angelica kept staring at her mess for a few seconds more, as the final vestiges of urine dripped from the legs of her pants into her warm and wet tennis shoes. She raised her head, her face red and her mouth wide, to see the crowd of park visitors in line all staring at her and snickering to each other. Then she turned and faced the park employee, who was still holding her hand. He looked almost as uncomfortable as she was and swallowed, his eyes wide open, then quickly dropped her hand as if it were a live wire.

Angelica tried to move her mouth into words, but all that emerged were half-formed stammers. Suddenly, she remembered Lily, and quickly glanced over to where Lily had been standing by the exit. Lily was still there, but her face was white as she beheld Angelica's accident. Their eyes connected, and then Lily bent over with a jump, biting her lip and jamming a hand in between her thighs. She then turned and jogged briskly out the exit door, still holding herself.

A voice from her other side snapped Angelica’s attention immediately around. It was a middle-aged man wearing a Firefly Thrills polo shirt, most likely a supervisor. “Are you all right, young lady?” Both his tone and face conveyed an overlap of concern with suspicion. Angelica looked down at herself again, brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, and lifted one leg to shake out the golden drops that still clung to the fabric, making a sparkling shower and sending ripples through her puddle again. She knew her face was still beet red, and also guessed that the supervisor thought she may be drunk or high. She raised her head again, but didn’t make eye contact as she responded.

“I…I’m…I’m fine. I just…I need, I need…to, to go.” She looked back at the supervisor’s face with a look of guilty embarrassment, then turned to follow after Lily. Her wet pants were feeling chilly, and they chafed as her thighs rubbed back and forth, making nasty squelching sounds. Her squishy wet socks felt gross and uncomfortable, but the worst thing of all, of course, was that she was in the middle of a packed amusement park in broad daylight. There was no hiding what had happened.

A single tear slipped down her cheek and she brushed it away with the back of her hand. As she made her way down the painted steel walkway back into the general park area, she contemplated what had just happened. Yes, she had wet her pants, again, after only a month since her last accident. Yes, of course, it was enormously humiliating. Yes, the same unfortunately familiar sensations brought back all the unfortunately familiar emotions. And yet—and yet she felt oddly…satisfied. The tear she had shed was almost a formality. She thought back to what had happened to her while on the roller coaster and tried to make sense of it.

What was this new world of dazzling and terrifying delight that she had fallen into? What did it all mean? Conflicting feelings collided inside her. True, she had peed herself in front of a crowd, but at the same time she had been transported to blissful rhapsodies she didn’t know existed. Mortification weighed heavy on her, but brought with it a sense of impishness, of naughtiness, of the glee of getting away with something forbidden. She thought of being a little child and getting spanked for having an accident. What would it be like…if she were to get spanked…now?

Angelica paused on the empty walkway and stood still for a few seconds. Then, with a bizarre boldness, she bent forward somewhat, causing her rear end to protrude slightly, then placed one hand on it, feeling the dampness. After tracing the edge of the wet spot with her fingers, she lifted her hand and brought it back down. It gave a sharp little splat as it made contact with the sodden fabric stretched across her backside, but didn’t really hurt. Pulling her hand back again, she once more gave herself a smack, this time harder. Then again. Then again. It felt strangely good. She deserved this, after all. She had wet her pants, gone pee-pee in her panties like a little baby, so now she got a spanking.

A sudden jolt of realization as to what she was doing burst in upon her brain, and she straightened up like a lightning rod, pulling her hand away from her butt and looking over her shoulders to make sure no one had seen. She then resumed her walk, though at a brisker pace than before. What had just happened? She felt even more embarrassed by what she had just done than by peeing her pants. Well, maybe not, but close. But now a cause of worry had entered her mind. Could it be?…it couldn’t, no, no way…was it, though?…could it be that she actually, in a way…enjoyed wetting herself?

She didn’t want to think about that. Best she just go find Lily and then—well, she would have to figure out what to do at that point. But first, find Lily. Angelica finished making her way down the inclined walkway, took a deep breath, and then stepped out of her relative privacy into the bustling hubbub of the general amusement park. Now exposed, she concentrated on walking with head held high and arms crossed, her jaw rigid with forced indifference. The less attention she drew to herself, the better. Paradoxically, it seemed most people were too focused on where they themselves were headed to notice her, though of course she did see the occasional stare, the double take, the point out to someone else and laugh. She pretended not to care.

It didn’t help her to have no idea which way to go. Lily had simply run off, clutching herself, without any kind of clue as to where she would be. Angelica stopped for a moment to take in her surroundings and see if she could spot Lily’s familiar blonde hair. If Lily’s sympathetic spastic bladder had kicked in, then she had probably made a beeline for the nearest restroom. Angelica looked around for where those might be, using one hand to shield her eyes from the sunshine. Off to her right there was a refreshments kiosk, behind which there appeared to be a public toilet. That was as good a place as any to start.

As she neared, it became apparent that it was indeed a restroom. There was a line of five or six women standing outside the right-hand door, and third from the end was Lily’s telltale blonde ponytail and narrow frame. She was facing forward, away from Angelica, and apparently was still doing battle with her bladder. Although she no longer had her hand in her crotch, she was rubbing her thighs and rocking back and forth from foot to foot. Angelica stepped up to stand beside her, ignoring the stares and murmurs she got from the ladies behind Lily in line. She stood there sheepishly in silence, without announcing her presence to Lily, and spread her legs open slightly to try to let the material around her crotch dry.

Lily stood, bobbing and bouncing, for a few seconds before catching Angelica out of the corner of her eye. With a start, she turned towards Angelica, her face a mask of alarm. Angelica gave a weak smile and began to offer a “hi” when Lily looked down at her pants, then back up, eyes wide. She then grabbed her groin again and grimaced. Angelica’s smile fell, replaced by concern. She tilted her head to better see Lily’s face and asked, “Lil? What’s wrong?”

Lily’s expression was one of anguish. “Why’d you have to come over here, Angie? Why? I could—I could’ve made it…” Her voice trailed off in a tremulous whine, and she squeezed her eyes shut, biting her lip and suppressing a groan. Just then, Angelica heard a pshhh and looked down at Lily’s crotch. Within a second, a wet stain spread out from around her hand, darkening the yellow fabric in a five-inch spot before stopping.

Lily’s leak seemed to jolt her to urgency, and she shoved her other hand between her thighs as well, clenching for all she was worth. Her eyes flew open, darting about wildly in a panic. Angelica watched Lily’s plight with an open mouth, unsure of what to do. Lily was doing a full-on potty dance as she blurted out to the women in front of her, “Excuse me, but can I cut in front of you? It’s really an emergency—I don’t think…I can hold it…” Two of the three women in front of her turned around at this, but before either of them could so much as begin to answer, Lily gave out a guttural moan and doubled over.

Angelica heard the hissing sound resume, but louder this time. Lily’s hands were both between her legs, and from Angelica’s position, she had a clear view of Lily’s butt, with her fingers sprouting from the crotch and stretching out over her upper thighs. Within moments, dark wetness blossomed out from Lily’s hands in a mesmerizingly captivating spectacle. It covered her bottom in a round oval, then split into multiple channels of golden liquid, each one spreading its glistening stain over the cloth, darkening the fabric underneath.

The pee then began to pour out from the cuffs of Lily’s shorts on both sides in sparkling cascades. Lily stood still, unable to move as she peed herself, while the other women in line watched, giving murmurs of awkward sympathy. Since Lily’s rear end was still sticking out, some of her urine trickled down her smooth legs into her sandals, but most of it splattered out noisily behind her, splashing on the pavement and rapidly forming a puddle. The lady directly behind her gave a tiny gasp and stepped back to keep from getting peed on.

Angelica watched all of this in guilty discomfort. She knew that it was watching her have an accident that made Lily need to go so urgently, but in the swirl of thoughts and emotions on the walk over here, she had forgotten about it. If she had been more mindful, she would have let Lily use the bathroom before catching up to her. So was it her fault, then? This was just like when they first met, only of course, now she knew better. Oops. Standing there stiffly, she shifted her weight to one leg and lolled her tongue inside her cheek uncomfortably while waiting for Lily to finish peeing in her pants. By this time, the women in front of Lily had noticed that Angelica’s pants were also wet and one offered her place in line to go clean up. She merely shook her head in response.

After about twenty seconds, Lily’s stream died down, leaving only the last remnants of urine dripping from her shorts. With a deep breath, she slowly stood up straight and then removed her hands one at a time from her crotch. As she did so, they released a final spattering of pee out to splash down over her feet. She stared at her wet hands in disgust before wiping them off as best she could on the little dry space that remained on the hips of her shorts.

Angelica felt bashful, knowing that Lily only had an accident because of her. At the same time, though, she had to admit to herself that it did feel a little better not being the only one. Did that make her a bad friend? She tried to tell herself that it didn’t, if for no other reason than that they had shared pee accidents enough times in the past. Still, she knew deep down that that was a flimsy excuse, and so she weakly placed a hand on Lily’s shoulder and spoke up in a small voice, “Hey, uh, Lil, how about we just go home?” It was a poor effort at conciliation.

Lily was still looking down at herself in repulsion. After a moment, though, she lifted her head and made eye contact with Angelica again. When she spoke, her tone was somewhat softer, but still with a slight detectable edge. “Angie, you made me wet my pants.”

Angelica swallowed, not knowing how to respond. Eventually, with a lame smile, she answered with a simple “Sorry?”

~Aftermath~

Now that Lily too was wet, both girls reconsidered the offer to cut the line to clean up. They spent about fifteen minutes inside, cleaning off their legs and getting all the drips out of their pants and underwear the best they could. Naturally, there was nearly nothing they could do about reducing the obviousness of the stains, and so Lily agreed to Angelica’s earlier proposal of simply calling it a day and heading out.

The walk back to the entrance of the park was a silent and self-conscious one. It seemed that somehow, seeing two people who had peed themselves attracted people’s attention more than seeing just one. One overweight man, likely in his mid-twenties, jokingly asked in passing, “Got a little too excited, huh?” before continuing on his way with a bellowing laugh, and a short time late a little girl pointed and said loudly to her mother, “Look, mommy, those two women wet their pants!” before being quickly shushed. Angelica glanced over at Lily, who was looking down as she walked, her face red. She put her arm around Lily’s shoulder, giving her a slight smile as she made eye contact. Lily returned the smile, and then Angelica held out her arm for Lily to link hers with, which she did for the remainder of their walk.

Back out in the parking lot, they were faced with the problem of how to keep from getting the seats wet. This was Angelica’s parents’ car—she was still looking for one of her own—and ever since the incident the previous month in Patrick’s car, the last thing she wanted was a reason to make her things more awkward between her and her mom. Patrick had said he would take care of cleaning the seat and for her not to worry about it, but she was pretty sure he had told their mom about it, and ever since then, her mom had been dropping subtle hints about maybe going to a doctor to get checked out. Angelica didn’t know which would be more embarrassing—having her mother think that she had some kind of medical condition, or admitting to her that no, these accidents were just good, old-fashioned, couldn’t-hold-it-any-more pants wettings.

After digging around for a little bit, the best they could find were some fast-food napkins stuffed in the glove compartment. It was a scant solution, but better than nothing. It took a few minutes for them to devise the best distribution for maximum coverage, and once done, they needed to stay very still to stay exactly on top of the tiny areas of absorption.

Since they still hadn’t had lunch, Angelica suggested they go by a drive-thru on their way back, her treat. Lily gratefully accepted, not seeming upset at Angelica anymore. They found a Jack-in-the-Box only a few minutes away, drove to it, and ordered two combo meals, then consumed them hungrily in the parking lot in the privacy of the car.

Once they had finished eating, they began the drive back. It was about an hour’s drive, and the girls were both in better spirits now, and so they spent the time in fun conversation, making jokes, singing together, and such. At one point, Angelica’s phone buzzed with a text. She opened it, saw it was from Brian, and texted off a quick response.

“You know, Angie, you shouldn’t be texting while driving.” Lily’s voice had a playful sternness to it that Angelica knew was meant to mimic her own voice.

She blushed a little. “Yeah, I know. Sorry.”

Lily gave her a conspiratorial grin. “Hmm…I wonder who would be important enough for my straight-arrow friend Angie to be texting back even when she shouldn’t be? Let’s see—survey says…Brian?” She stretched the last word out in a gooey tone.

Angelica rolled her eyes and blushed more. “Yes, you got me.” She had naturally told Lily about the developments there, with Lily giving her full support, as any best friend would. Lily demonstrated it now, giggling and kicking her legs in excitement.

As quickly as her mirth had begun, however, it died away, a look of concern on her face as she stared out the windshield. Angelica knew what had caused it. In front of them, the theretofore relatively clear traffic came to a sudden grinding halt. There were bumper-to-bumper brake lights in front of them, as far as they could see. Angelica sighed. She hadn’t expected this much backup. In addition, she could feel slight consternation nosing its way into her head, as the water and combo drink from earlier were working their way through her, and she was starting to need to go to the bathroom again. She looked over at Lily, wondering if she were feeling the same urges. But after what had happened in the park, she knew better than to mention it.

As it turned out, she didn’t need to. After no more than five minutes in the jam, with excruciatingly little progress made, Lily spoke up. “I need to pee.” It was a simple enough statement, but Angelica knew her well enough to detect the nigh-imperceptible tremor in her voice. What it meant was “and we should find a place where I can do that, pretty soon.” She also knew better than even to agree, knowing that once Lily knew someone else was in the same boat, it would only make her have to go even more. So instead, she gave a noncommittal “mhm.”

Their conversation continued, but Angelica could tell it was less lively than before. As the minutes passed by, and her own bladder refilled, she could also gauge Lily’s need by how much less she spoke. After another fifteen minutes, in which they had maybe gone one and a half miles, Lily groaned and crossed her legs. She looked over to Angelica and whined, “Angie, I reeeally have to go. Can’t we find someplace?”

Angelica grimaced awkwardly. The next exit was in about three miles, and if their rate of travel stayed the same, they wouldn’t reach it for close to another half an hour. She shrugged and said, “I’m sorry, Lil, but we probably can’t for at least another thirty-five to forty minutes. Do you think you can wait that long?” Immediately after saying it, she wondered why she had bothered to ask that last question. It wasn’t as if they had an alternative option in case Lily couldn’t wait.

Lily merely responded with another groan, shifting around in her seat, despite the careful arrangement of napkins under her. Angelica looked over at her in compassion, empathizing with her as her own tank filled. She wasn’t feeling as desperate as Lily, but she was having a difficult time ignoring it now. Since Lily wasn’t up for conversation much, she decided to try to take her mind off it by going back to texting Brian.

They continued, with short periods of advancing followed by longer ones of sitting still, during which Angelica would continue her phone dialogue and do her best to console Lily. Another fifteen minutes went by, during which Lily had whined and groaned more, lamenting the slowness of traffic and the quantity of her urine. She had also leaned forward in her seat and put her hands in her crotch, and she was now rocking slightly, giving whimpers through clenched teeth. Angelica figured it probably would be best for her to take a break from texting to be there for her friend. Dropping the phone in her lap, she turned to Lily. “You can make it, Lil. You’re gonna be okay.” Lily didn’t reply.

Of course, Angelica had her doubts about whether Lily would indeed be okay or not. As she watched her best friend struggle with her full bladder, her thoughts began to wander. She knew what Lily was going through, thinking back to when she herself had had an accident a couple of years earlier, at the harvest festival. In fact, knowing what it felt like was an instrumental reason why the two of them were friends now. But at the harvest festival—that had happened in front of Brian. And here she was, years later, still in touch. Were the two connected somehow? A full bladder and attraction to Brian?

And now her mind drifted back to her experience on the roller coaster and immediately afterward. Her thoughts had been flooded with those images of him, right before her pants had been flooded with her pee. And then on the walkway… She didn’t know what it all meant, but as her urge to pee increased now, and seeing Lily’s do the same, and the texts from Brian came in, she could feel a new moistness in her panties.

Then, with no warning, her bladder suddenly contracted, releasing a short spurt of urine out, rewarming the area around her private parts. She gasped, leaned forward, and quickly used her free hand to grab her crotch. It had just been a small leak and was quickly cut off, but it had come as a surprise. And, unfortunately, it had not gone unnoticed by Lily.

Lily had turned toward Angelica when she had first leaked, and now her face went red. She bit her lip with a moan, then said, in a small and shaky voice, “I’m sorry, Angie. I don’t think I’m gonna make it.” Then she squeezed her eyes shut and groaned. “I’m going to wet my pants…oh my gosh, I’m going to wet myself…” A second after that, the telltale hiss began, and Angelica watched, transfixed, as Lily’s yellow shorts once again sprouted a dark patch, the wetness spreading rapidly across her thighs even as she continued to hold herself. She knew that there was no way the napkins under Lily’s butt would be enough to protect the seat, and she wondered how much it cost to get the seats cleaned—and if her mom would ever let her borrow the car again.

Witnessing her friend’s loss of control, however, only amplified her own need—and strangely, simultaneously increased the excitement she was feeling in her privates. She had to stay in control, though. She couldn’t let a repeat of what had happened earlier occur. It didn’t help that her panties had gotten all warm around her sensitive spot from her leak earlier. Then she realized that she was still holding herself, and that the whole time she had been, her phone had still been in her lap. It was now pressed up against her groin by her hand.

And then, it buzzed.

Angelica gasped and gripped herself harder. It was probably another text from Brian. But it had vibrated right up against her clitoris, just like the roller coaster, and now her excitement was building, and she had to focus on holding her pee…

And then the phone buzzed again.

She knew that if the phone weren’t right in her crotch, she would be fine. But she had to keep holding herself, afraid to remove her hand—yet the harder she held herself, the more she was pushing the phone deeper into her most sensitive area…

And the phone buzzed again.

She was breathing harder now, and her face was flushed. All the same sensations from earlier were reappearing, and her bladder was tightening. She needed to hold on…but at the same time, she needed it to continue… She looked over at Lily, who was still clenching tightly. She had seemed to get her pee under control again, though there was clearly a wet puddle around her rear end. Angelica thought of her own rear end, and the punishment she had given herself on the walkway…

And then the phone buzzed harder.

It was a phone call, Angelica knew. She leaned forward, gripping herself even harder, as the vibrations built a tower of euphoria that was about to crash on top of her. A moan escaped her lips, making Lily turn a face of bewilderment on her. She could hear Lily’s voice, “Are you okay, Angie?” but she was unable to answer. Instead, another moan came out, this time louder, as the buzzing continued. Her pee was at the very cusp of escaping all over the seat, but she imagined it was Brian calling her, and in a way, it felt as if he were doing this to her. Her moans grew faster along with her breathing, and the phone kept buzzing, and the ecstasy was mounting, and she was about to pee her pants again…

No, no, no!

And she imagined Brian spanking her…

Yes, yes, yes!

And then it burst out, on both ends. She screamed out a “YES!” as the wave of pleasure crested and overwhelmed her. Her body was not her own anymore, held captive instead to the dazzling exhilaration washing over her. She threw herself back into the seat, her breaths short grunts as she twitched and shook, and she no longer had any control over her bladder.

Lily hadn’t understood the force of the answer to her question, but then, watching Angelica’s bizarre seizure, she too heard a loud hiss and stared in shock as Angelica’s jeggings quickly went dark around the crotch again. Unlike her own loss of control, which she had tried to fight and eventually successfully curtailed, Angelica seemed to not even notice her own. Her urine sprayed out loudly, spreading around her hand and down her thighs, rapidly puddling around her butt and even dripping over the sides of the chair. Lily stared in horror as she noticed that Angelica was still holding her phone with the hand between her thighs, and it was getting thoroughly drenched. She was panting and bright red, barely able to focus on the road as she went to the bathroom in her pants, completely soaking the seat.

Unfortunately, this was all too much for Lily. She had barely been able to get herself under control before the mess had gotten too big—she hoped—but now that Angelica was totally wetting herself, there was no way she could hold back any longer. With a “no!” her own floodgates reopened, and her butt went warm again, then hot, her pee spraying out from her crotch across her thighs and making her own puddle extend to the edge of the seat to drip down the front as well. She too had a total loss of bladder control and wet herself for another thirty seconds, until she was completely empty.

Angelica by now had been coming down from her high, her second unintentional orgasm of the day. She pushed a strand of hair off her sweat-streaked forehead and lifted her dripping phone out from where it had taken its golden shower. Turning on the screen, she saw that the phone call had not been from Brian after all, but from her mom. So too had been the text messages. They read,

Angelica, when do you think you’ll be back?

I want to see about setting up a doctor’s appointment for you.

I’m concerned about you, baby girl.

She dropped her phone back into her puddle in resignation. Just great. As the last of her climax died down inside her, she wondered how she could possibly get out of it now, coming home with two massive pee puddles in the seats. At least this traffic would provide ample time to think of something.

*004*2020-01-31 13:07

After a long wait, I present to you chapter 6, part 1.

Chapter 6: Graduation (Part 1)

The auditorium was abuzz with the dull din of anticipatory conversation, as hordes of proud parents, excited older siblings, and bored younger siblings chatted spiritedly amongst themselves, along with the assorted friends and occasional faculty member. The ceremony was to begin in only a few more minutes, and most all of the seats were filled, with only the occasional last-minute straggler still trying to find a spot.

Angelica sat by herself in the center section and turned the program over in her hands. On the front there read, in official-looking if somewhat generic calligraphic font surrounded by scrollwork, “Welcome to Theodore Roosevelt High School’s Sixty-Third Annual Graduation Ceremony.” She opened the first flap of the trifold with beaming admiration to see, once again, the name listed underneath those of the various staff in leadership positions: “Lily Catherine Wells – Valedictorian.”

Folding her hands and the program in her lap, Angelica leaned back in her chair with a contented smile. She had known that Lily was in the running for valedictorian this past year and had been working really hard to try to achieve it. Evidently, all that effort had paid off. There was an insert in the program listing out all of the graduates, and Angelica had guessed there were probably nearly three hundred of them—and Lily had managed to beat them all out. Atta girl! It was especially impressive considering that Lily had never been, shall we say, the most studious of people.

Angelica was much closer to what would be considered an ideal student, and she hadn’t been valedictorian or even salutatorian at her high school graduation. She tried to console herself by reminding herself that her class had been larger—nearly eight hundred—but a tiny spark of jealousy still remained. Shifting in her seat in irritation, she tried to squelch it. Not everything was about her, after all, and this was Lily’s moment.

She wished she could’ve worn something nicer. As it was, though, enrolled now in a state university studying business, she didn’t have many options to choose from, leaving her now in her Little Black Dress with a small clutch and two-strap pumps, her brown hair drawn up in a simple French roll that she had invested a lot more time in than could be told from the end result. She wanted Lily to be able to see her when she gave her valedictory address, though of course, more importantly, she wanted to be able to see Lily.

She shifted again in her seat. The dress was not the most comfortable, but she also was beginning to wish she had used the restroom before the ceremony. Looking back over her shoulder, she tried to gauge if there were enough time to slip out and back in, but it didn’t look likely. She faced forward again. It looked as though she would just have to wait.

###

Lily stood in line with the rest of her class, trying to keep her butterflies to a minimum. In her sweaty hand was a packet of papers, well worn with being folded and unfolded again and again. Her notes for her address. She swallowed, suppressing a nervous yawn, as she went over the address in her mind again. She and her parents had been overjoyed at the news of her achieving valedictorian, and she had spent hours writing and rewriting her speech, making sure it had a good flow, conveyed a message, encapsulated the spirit and tenor of their class, and yet was unique, all while staying under the maximum word count. All in all, it had been exhausting.

Fellow senior students all around her were happily conversing with each other, adjusting their gowns and caps and tassels, applying last-minute makeup, and taking selfies. Tears were being shed as kindred spirits made promises of everlasting friendship, couples kissed, and visions for the future were discussed. Some of those visions were decidedly shorter-term than others, consisting of the various parties being planned for that evening, once the official events concluded. Lily herself had been invited to a party at Aaron Donohue’s house, which was pretty cool, since she wasn’t usually invited to anyone’s house for anything, except Angelica’s. For now, though, she was simply focused on the ceremony itself.

Far ahead of her position in line, she could see Mrs. Thatch, the event coordinator, give an exaggerated hand gesture to indicate that it was time. A few final hugs were given before the lines of graduates fell into place, their glowing faces unable to hide their pride in this moment. A few seconds later, the tell-tale strains of “Pomp and Circumstance” drifted out into the atrium, growing suddenly in volume a moment later as the doors were opened and the sounds from inside the auditorium flooded their ears. The lines moved reverently, yet quickly enough for the whole class to be able to enter and find their seats on time.

Since her last name began with a W, Lily was near the end. She steadied her breathing to try to get any stage fright jitters out and once more went over the structure of her address mentally. It was difficult, however, as her attention wandered, wondering who would be there for her in the audience. Obviously her parents, and some of her aunts and uncles had come, and Angelica was going to be there, but that was about all. Lily didn’t have very many friends apart from Angelica, owing at least in part to the fact that she had what was called a “sympathetic spastic bladder,” making her prone to severe bladder urges and incontinence when exposed to suggestions of needing to pee. Angelica was one of very few people who didn’t seem to mind, possibly in part because she had shared in a number of Lily’s accidents. Now the two were best friends, and a friendship like that was hard to find.

Lily squeezed her hands into fists as hard as she could, then released, trying to get the fidgetiness out. She remembered reading somewhere, though she couldn’t remember where, that doing that made your hands stay still because it squeezed the blood out, making them feel more tired. Her hands didn’t feel any more tired now, but it was still worth a try. She brushed her blonde bangs behind her ears, her hair having recently been done in a bob cut for tonight. Her lips suddenly felt cracked, and she was about to get some Chapstick before she thought better of it. Weren’t you not supposed to put Chapstick over lipstick? That was probably right. It was just nerves making her mouth feel dry. She gave another yawn.

Unfortunately, her anticipation was also brewing another sensation, this one further down. What with all the excitement and hubbub of getting ready to walk out, she realized that she had never gotten a chance to use the bathroom. She hadn’t been able to stand still long enough to notice, but now the feeling of a filling bladder was undeniable. Great. The ceremony looked to be about an hour and a half long, all told, where she’d be stuck sitting in one of the front rows, with no way out.

A sudden sense of mild panic hit her. If she needed to go now, how would she be faring an hour from now? She had never been very good at ignoring her bathroom needs, not to mention as time went on it could only get worse. She turned her head to look behind her, scanning for a nearby restroom. Maybe she could quickly jump out of line to pee and be back before anyone missed her? But…no, that was out of the question, as the line’s backwards-moving separation was only about twenty more people in front of her. It would be her turn in no more than half a minute.

Sure enough, in just about thirty seconds, Billy Walsh stepped out from in front of Lily, and it was her turn. Taking a deep breath to quell her nerves, she forced a smile on her face and began a confident pace, making sure not to walk too quickly. She had to resist the urge to look around in the audience, instead focusing on the back of Billy’s head as they progressed down the aisle. Sir Edward Elgar’s strains floated like velvet in the air around her, and her artificial smile was rapidly replaced with a genuine one as the celebration of her achievement was now realized.

She completed the walk up to the front rows reserved for the graduating class and slid in between the seats to find her place. Once the final few students after her had filled out the row, the vice principal gave a small nod from behind the lectern, signaling the students to be seated. Lily smoothed her gown in the back and sat. The moment had arrived, and nothing could dampen her enthusiasm. If only she didn't have to pee.

###

Angelica applauded ardently as she watched Lily march determinedly down the aisle and to her seat, never turning her head to look around her. As the rest of the graduates after her filed into the row and the entire graduating body sat down, a sense of satisfaction settled in Angelica’s chest, similar to the kind of feeling one would have when watching a play that a friend is starring in. She casually crossed one leg over the other and repositioned her clutch next to her hip. As the music faded, the vice principal spoke into the microphone, her voice crisp with authoritative professionalism, welcoming all the guests to the event and expressing her pride for the graduates on their accomplishment. Angelica watched the proceedings with a smile resting contentedly on one side of her face, occasionally looking over at the back of Lily’s head, wondering what she was feeling right then.

As the vice principal finished her introductory remarks, Angelica knew what she herself was feeling. Her bladder was giving off tingling sensations, trying to get her attention. She thought back to when she had been getting ready for tonight, and the large cup of decaf tea she had drunk to try to relax her excitement, not to mention the water bottle she’d had on the drive out. No wonder she was filling up as fast as she was. Crap. But she knew that the bladder sends off more urgent messages that faster it fills, even if the actual quantity of urine is still negligible. As long as she could quell her nerves and wait it out, she would probably be fine. She would just have to keep telling herself that she didn’t really have to go that badly. At the moment, though, it was providing her with increasing discomfort.

###

Fifteen minutes into the ceremony, the guest speaker, a local business owner who had graduated from TRHS, was well underway in his address to the graduates. Lily knew that this was the kind of thing that she should be listening to, to glean life advice from for her future. There were only two problems. The first was that he was pretty boring to listen to. All around her she could feel the sullen listlessness of her fellow classmates, many of whom were just wanting to get past the uninteresting parts so they could celebrate afterwards, and a few of whom probably had to go to the bathroom.

Which was the second problem. As Lily’s bladder kept filling, it was making it more and more difficult to focus on anything else. She thought of all the water she had drunk beforehand, while getting ready, and inwardly berated herself. She should have known better. She, of all people, should have known better. She shifted in her chair, attempting to find a position that would help her take her mind off it. This didn’t really work, and so she kept fidgeting, repositioning her legs every few seconds, until Billy turned his head on her left and gave her an icy stare. She stopped moving after that, trying instead to use simple willpower to ignore her filling tank. She recalled hearing about people that are on their way to use the bathroom and then get distracted by something and forget they have to go. The concept seemed inconceivable to her.

Opening her program, she quickly glanced at the order of events. After the keynote speaker, there was going to be a brief (hopefully) message from the principal, then special music, and then her speech. Unfolding her notes again, she tried to subtly refresh herself on them again. Her brain felt like a sieve, unable to retain what she’d written down. Was it just from public speaking jitters? Or was it because she needed to pee, kind of badly now? She leaned forward, forcing herself to focus on the words, and also trying to suppress the pain that was starting to be felt in her bladder. Hopefully it was just due to stage fright and once she was actually up there it would die down. She hoped, at least.

###

Angelica was sitting in what certainly must have looked like an uncomfortable position, a slight grimace on her face. All that liquid from earlier was being processed all too efficiently by her kidneys, and she was definitely feeling the effects. Her bladder was hurting now, sending icy tendrils of aching pain throughout her abdomen. If only she had peed earlier! Couldn’t she just go now? Just slip out and come back? But no—she didn’t want to be the one to have to obviously and awkwardly shuffle out in front of the whole audience, who would all know where she was going. Besides, she was in control. She took a deep breath and told herself as much. She needed to prove to herself, and to her mother, that she wouldn’t lose bladder control.

To her mother? How had that idea risen in semi-Freudianesque fashion to her consciousness? As uncomfortable as it made her to admit it to herself, she knew that ultimately it was true…but she didn’t want to think about it right now. Straightening in her chair, she pushed it back down into the recesses of her mind and swallowed.

At long last, the uninspired guest speaker closed his cookie-cutter address, and Angelica clapped limply before consulting her program. The principal would speak, then music, then Angelica’s valedictory address, then the receiving of the diplomas. She pushed a loose strand of hair out of her eyes and sighed. It certainly wasn’t going to be over anytime soon, so she would have to ignore her bladder until it got the message and quieted down. She could do it. It would be unpleasant, but she could do it. Setting her face like a slate back up toward the stage, she dug in the heels of her willpower for the long haul.

###

Lily was relieved—though not in the way she needed—that the principal’s few words were indeed few. He couldn’t have been up there for more than two or three minutes by the time he concluded his paternal guidance and returned to his seat. Lily felt a twinge of disappointment in herself. It was clear that their principal cared about them deeply, but she couldn’t recall a thing of what he’d just said to them. Her mind was too occupied with needing to go to the bathroom.

Something similar to panic began to eat its way into her mind, and she knew she couldn’t give in. “Fear is the mind-killer.” Who said that? She couldn’t remember, but she was sure she had heard it somewhere before. It was true. If she gave in to her fear, there was no way she would be able to give her speech in the way she planned—much less hold her pee until finding a toilet. She squeezed her hands in tight fists again and tried to remember all the little tips she had been told in speech and acting classes for mitigating nerves. She took a deep breath in and let it out through her nose. She tickled the roof of her mouth with her tongue. Just stay calm.

The special music was beginning, a quartet of four girls from the graduating class singing “Defying Gravity” from Wicked. The individual singers were mediocre at best, but their harmony was enchanting, and for a brief moment Lily’s plight was forgotten. Their voices filled the air, rousing the otherwise somnolent audience, and injecting fresh resolve into Lily. Once they were finished, it would be her turn, she would deliver her address well, and then her nerves would go away and she would be fine until the end of the ceremony. A tiny smile appeared on her face. She too could defy gravity, which in this case was the inexorable pull of her full bladder. The panic from earlier was gone. Nothing was going to bring her down.

###

At this point, Angelica was beginning to be severely worried. Time continued to pass, but the pain in her bladder was only increasing. Slight beads of sweat stood out on her head as she considered her options. She really, really should just get up and go, but Lily was about to give her speech, and there was no way she could miss that!

She crossed her legs in as dignified a fashion as she could and tried to press her hands into her lap in a manner that wasn’t too obvious. That helped somewhat, but of course she was still in pain, and genuine fear was starting to crack through the surface of her mind. She ran her tongue nervously over her lips. Short of actually peeing, she couldn’t think of anything else she could do that would ease her situation.

Just then, though, the special music finished, everyone clapped, and then the vice principal returned to the podium to announce the valedictorian. Angelica burst into applause as she saw Lily stand and make her way up to the stage and the podium, methodically unfold her notes, and begin. It was evident that she was nervous, as her voice had a slight involuntary tremble to it, but the audience and Angelica were giving her their full attention. Although she still really had to go, Angelica was grateful that she was nonetheless able to focus well enough on Lily’s address. It started off somewhat clunkily, despite Lily’s best preparations, but Angelica told herself that once Lily found her groove, it would smooth out. Still, Lily did seem oddly…distracted.

###

This wasn’t going as well as Lily had hoped. When her name had been mentioned, she had felt a sudden surge of urgency in her bladder, just as she had guessed she would. The problem was that her theory about it merely being due to stage fright didn’t seem to be supported by the evidence. Ever since she had gotten up to the podium and begun her meticulously prepared address, her bladder’s warning signals had not gone away or even reduced. She was now standing here, trying very hard to focus on her speech, while being absolutely desperate for a toilet. Her confidence from the special music had vanished. It was entirely up to her now.

She had hoped that once she got the first minute or so of the way into her notes, she would find her pace and continue from there. Heaven knew she had practiced it enough times. But the sharp, stinging pains from her lower abdomen and crotch were persistent, and she couldn’t concentrate. Her brain couldn’t process what she had written down, and it all just seemed like jumbled gibberish. Slowly, painfully, she eked her way through the first several minutes of what she had prepared, though it lacked all the verve, the punch, the rhythm that she had wanted. Her intended intonations fell flat, and her planned hand gestures fell by the wayside. She tried to wiggle discreetly, anything to take the focus off her bulging bladder. Her lips felt dry.

Looking down over the audience, she spotted Angelica, sitting in the middle, several rows behind the graduates. Angelica was watching her with a face of intense emotion, though Lily couldn’t quite decipher what emotion it was. She knew, though, that her best friend was there to support her, and she wanted to be able to impress—Angelica, her parents, her class, the audience, and herself. In any other situation, she would have been, no doubt. The problem was that she needed to pee quite badly, and it was hurting more and more.

By now Lily was finding it nearly impossible to stand still. She rocked back and forth from foot to foot as subtly as she could, hoping it would just look like public speaking jitters to the audience. She looked back down to her notes, wishing she could cross her legs over each other. “Um, yes. Find that…hrm…that spark of purpose, of direction. Hold on tightly to it. Hold on…as tightly…as you can.” As she said this, she could feel her urine try to make a break for the exit, and it took everything in her power to keep from grabbing her crotch. Instead, she leaned forward, sticking her butt out, and gripped the edge of the podium until her knuckles turned white. “Hold on tight! Hold on tight and don’t let go!” By now she had gone off her notes, launching instead into a desperation-fueled soliloquy.

“Even when you feel like you’re near the breaking point”—she paused to stifle a groan—“keep pressing on. Keep holding on. Just keep holding on…” She bit her lip again, feeling the sweat beading on her forehead, as she squeezed her thighs together as tightly as she could. “Just keep holding on! No matter what! You’ve got to hold it—um, hold on!” The audience by now was sitting up, their attention revitalized by the vigor Lily was exuding. The passion was contagious, and Angelica found herself sitting on the edge of her seat in rapt attention. Her hands were still firmly folded in her lap, but Lily’s adjuration seemed to be working, and she could feel her willpower strengthening against the imminent deluge in her bladder.

Lily by now could feel her face growing warm and her voice quivering with adrenaline. She was fully caught up in her own enthusiasm. “There’s an ocean building inside you, trying to break free. Of, of potential. An ocean of potential. And it wants to be free. But you have to control it! You need to stay in control! Otherwise, it will just flood out like a tsunami, and destroy everything in its path.” She was vaguely aware that what she was saying didn’t make complete sense, but nobody seemed to notice. Evidently it was easier to catch people’s attention with stellar delivery than with meaningful content.

Interestingly enough, the more she spoke, the more she found herself captivated under the effects of her rhetoric, also. As she effused, she could feel herself regaining mastery of her body, and the panicky feelings from earlier began to abate. She could do this. She was actually doing it! A rush of power flushed through her, and her speech quickened as her voice grew louder. “Everyone will tell you it’s impossible. You may even think it’s impossible. But listen to me! Don’t sell yourself short! If you put your mind to it, and never, never give up, you can do the impossible!” This elicited several scattered cheers from the audience. They were hanging on Lily’s every word, entranced by her energy. Angelica raised her hands out of her lap to clap. Even though her bladder was still hurting, she was willing it into submission. This was new. How weird was it for Lily to be the one inspiring her to stay in control?

Lily could see the effect that her speech was having, and a genuine grin filled her face. This was her moment, her time to shine…and she was. Excitement amplified her existing adrenaline rush, and she gave a little laugh. It was as if her brain was firing its neurons at full capacity. Somehow, the electric atmosphere in the room was keeping her on a roll, and she could feel every sentence, every phrase, every inflection and hand gesture, all coordinate perfectly and weave together into a masterwork of speechcraft. She was almost entirely off notes by now, orating extemporaneously in a display of elocution that no one knew she had—least of all herself. But she couldn’t keep herself from smiling now, and so she dove in to ride the wave of inspiration.

Unfortunately, her increased excitement also had a physiological effect on her, and her full bladder began to tighten again in little pulses. She had to clamp her legs together as hard as she could, trying to keep from being distracted and losing her momentum. A vague memory of acting classes returned from the recesses of her mind: the admonition “use it!” She had never been very good at following that advice, but she did her best in this moment.

It seemed to work, as each new spike of ardor-induced desperation brought about a new forceful crescendo in her delivery, complete with its corresponding response from the audience. This, naturally, was well and good for a captivating valedictory address, but less so for quelling her urge to pee. Rather the opposite—it served only to make her all the more excited. She had gotten herself in a vicious cycle of a positive feedback loop, and she didn’t know how to break out of it. The only solution appeared to be ending the speech. That, or…but she couldn’t consider the other option.

At this rate, she was sure that nobody would mind or even notice if she went on for another ten minutes, but she was also sure that she wouldn’t make it that long. She needed to wrap it up, and quickly. Even now, in her spirited oration, she was still somewhat arched over. Her thighs were pressed firmly together, and she rocked back and forth slightly, rubbing them together as she did so. Oh, how she wished she could put a hand in her crotch…or better, just run off and use the bathroom! She just had to get through this, and then she could go…she could go…she could just go…no, not yet!

Lily’s bladder sent shooting pains through her, increasing in intensity and frequency. She was almost done with her address—she would just wrap up and then go pee. She could make it. She had to make it—she couldn’t wet herself on her graduation day, much less on stage! She tried her best to bring her speech to a close, finding herself biting her lip as the stinging in her groin rose sharply. Tension was working down into her thighs, and she began to bob up and down slightly, in spite of herself. “And so, to close,”—she suppressed a groan—“remember to never lose heart,”—she nearly lost control there, but she was so close! She had to make it—“never lose focus,”—yes, stay focused on holding it. Hold it, Lily, hold on!—“never lose faith,”—in a minute she would be able to finally release it all…release it all…just let it go…but no! No, not yet!

“never lose hope—”

But just then, an awful realization came over her. Her address was not the end of the ceremony. They had yet to receive their diplomas…and there were nearly three hundred graduates in total. It would be at least another half an hour.

“never lose hope!”

She tried to hold on, tried to tell herself that she could make it, just this once, please!

“Never lose hope!”

The last exhortation was uttered with such depth of pathos, such resoluteness of will, that the audience was spellbound. They half expected tears to begin to flow from her eyes in complete rhapsody of emotion. Lily, however, was moments away from an entirely different flow. She repeated the injunction more to herself than anyone else, lost in her own world—her own world where hope was rapidly dissipating.

Never lose hope!

But there was no hope…she couldn’t make it…

The auditorium was silent in anticipation as an indescribable expression passed over Lily’s face. It seemed to be one of serene resignation, the face of one transported beyond human suffering, like Joan of Arc’s from within the flame. Then, in a voice scarcely more than a whisper, she quietly breathed, “Thank you very much.”

The audience erupted into thunderous applause. Fellow classmates shouted and whistled, parents and faculty wiped away tears, and the hall rang with the exultation of the visitors as they rose to give Lily a standing ovation. Lily merely stood still, watching the crowd with a small smile on her face, almost as though she were evaluating their praise. Her eyes drifted slowly over the throngs of people with a searching gaze, impenetrable in its significance. To those who beheld it, it had the effect of only adding to the sense of mystical transcendence that Lily had just produced by her address.

Even those who knew her best had never seen this side of her. Angelica clapped as loudly as she could, beaming with pride for her best friend, and shouted out, “Way to go, Lil!” She had been just as surprised as everyone else when Lily had apparently channeled the spirit of Demosthenes. As Lily remained at the podium now, however, wearing an inscrutable expression and not returning to her seat, Angelica contemplated it, slight misgiving forming in her mind. Was everything all right? But she immediately quashed the thought. It was an emotional day for Lily, surely that was all.

Had she been closer to Lily, however, she would have heard, just before Lily’s final words, a hissing coming from under her gown. Lily accepted her fate and peed herself on stage in front of several thousand people. Underneath her gown she was wearing a knee-length red dress, and underneath that, a pair of black panties, and as she lost control, she calmly straightened up and spread her legs to get as little fabric in the way as possible. Her pee instantly saturated her underwear before spraying through in a stream between her legs directly onto the floor. In a small mercy, the podium was positioned on the edge of the stage, which was covered by a strip of dark blue carpet. At least that would make the puddle less obvious.

The roar of the applause drowned out the dull thumping sound of the urine splashing in the carpet. Most of it went straight down onto the floor, where it splattered only slightly over her black flats, sparkling in the stage lights as it did so. As she continued peeing, several offshoots also started to run down the inside of her thighs, and she struggled to keep from noticeably wincing. True, her panties were soaked all around the crotch and partly up the back, but her dress still seemed to be dry, and her ankle-length robe hid nearly all of her accident. She couldn’t believe it. Here she was, wetting herself in front of an enormous crowd and getting away with it. The excitement and tension of the experience combined with the exhilaration of standing in front of an adulating crowd, making her pee even harder. Her urine jetted out of her crotch, thundering and pounding into the soaked carpet and spreading the squishy dark puddle out to nearly a foot in diameter.

Finally, after about ten seconds of unhindered urination, Lily was able to clench off the flow. As long as nobody noticed the puddle, she might now be able to last until the end of the ceremony. As the final drops dripped out from her underwear, and the last few trickles of pee snaked down her ankles into her shoes, she gave a little nod to the audience, gathered up her mostly-unused notes, and walked briskly—if a bit stiffly—down the steps and back to her seat. A tiny trail of droplets was left behind her as she walked, but it was small enough to be unnoticeable.

Once back at her seat, however, she was faced with the challenge of sitting back down. While standing, she could be relatively free from worry about any wetness showing through, but if she sat, her soaked panties would be pressed against her dress and robe, and who knows how much would show through? It was a risk she wasn’t willing to take. Standing in front of her place, she leaned over as discreetly as possible as if to scratch an itch on her leg. What she actually did, however, was shove her notes up the robe to act as a barrier between wet material and dry. Without any time or privacy to adjust her makeshift solution, however, she ended up pushing her dress up, nearly over her rear end, and sliding the notes underneath.

The maneuver took only about two seconds before she sat down, as inconspicuously as possible, and tried to pretend that nothing was wrong. She could feel with some discomfort that the hem of her skirt was underneath her sopping bottom, between her underwear and notes, and was undoubtedly wet. She chewed on her lip, hoping it wouldn’t be too obvious. Not to mention that the suspense of being found out was making the rest of the contents of her bladder eager to be set free. As the fellow graduates on either side of her congratulated and high-fived her, she did her best to force a smile and sit still. She may have gotten her accident back under control, but she was still in the throes of desperation.

###

Angelica was not in much of a better condition. Lily’s fervent display of earnestness from the stage had worked to keep her bladder in submission, but now that it was over, she was back to where she was before. Sitting again, she leaned forward, trying to clench her muscles without being too obvious. Her left leg was currently tightly crossed over her right, and she was afraid that anyone who happened to glance in her direction would be all too aware of her need for a toilet. Pulling out her program again, she removed the insert of the names of the graduates, breathing a sigh of impatience as she looked over the list.

Two hundred and eighty-four of them. It would probably take at least thirty, if not forty minutes for the entire procession. She had to hold on. At least by now the vice principal was once again at the podium, about to announce the graduating class. Before speaking, however, she paused for a second or two, looking down at the floor, though Angelica couldn’t tell why. Couldn’t she get on with it, already? But then she raised her head again and announced, “Would the graduating class please stand.”

Two hundred and eighty-four red-robed adolescents rose to their feet. Lily was in the back row, and from where Angelica was sitting, she could clearly see Lily doing a weird in-place shuffle, shifting and fidgeting as if she were trying to subtly adjust her underclothes. She also seemed unable to stand very still, instead twisting back and forth and sometimes rocking from side to side. Did she also have to pee? If that were the case, then she’d be in the same predicament as Angelica herself, and possibly worse. Angelica would just have to be strong…for both their sakes.

Time seemed to stretch on towards infinity as the names were painstakingly tabulated. Angelica tried to keep her mind off her bladder by paying attention to the students being called and politely applauding, but after about thirty or forty instances of this, her general energy levels were drying up, and she offered little more than a few half-hearted claps for each unfamiliar name after another. It was sheer torture, marking progress through the entire class by counting down, inwardly rejoicing at each letter of the alphabet being ticked off. Now H, now I, no Js—thank goodness!

She crossed and uncrossed her legs, trying not to draw too much attention to herself as she found it increasingly challenging to sit still. By the time the list had gotten to the Ss, she was rocking in place and bouncing her leg up and down. Her pee was making a visible bulge in her lower abdomen, and powerful stabbing pains were coursing through her. Gritting her teeth, she lightly dabbed her face with one hand to clear up the sweat that was breaking out. Her other hand was folded in her lap, pressing into her crotch as discreetly as possible. The list was close to three-quarters of the way done. She could make it. She had to make it.

###

Lily, meanwhile, was almost in tears. After initially standing, the entire graduating class except for the front row sat again, with each new row standing only as their turn came. Sitting was definitely preferable to standing, as far as maintaining control went, but when she had first stood up, her notes slipped out from under her gown onto the floor. Kristin Willis, who was on her right, gave her a quizzical stare at the sudden emergence of the papers, which Lily had apparently given birth to. Lily merely wordlessly scooped them up, blushing slightly and biting her tongue. The notes were ever-so-slightly damp, but the worst part was that she had accidentally hiked her dress up when sliding the notes up her gown, and now it was still bunched up around her waist.

She had tried to adjust it inconspicuously, but to no avail. And then they had to sit again, and her wet panties were squeezed up against her red gown, with no barrier in between. She desperately hoped that the fabric of the gown would resist absorbing anything, but by far her biggest fear was that of not being able to hold in the rest of her pee until she could break away and relieve herself. The names went by, one after another, in an interminable procession. Lily was bent over in excruciating pain, chewing her lip, and clenching as hard as she could to stay in control. There were probably only about ten more minutes. She could hold it for that long. She had to.

###

Angelica took in a deep breath, then slowly let it out. She brushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear and clenched her butt muscles. Reaching down with her free hand, she rubbed her thigh up and down, trying to relieve the tension. Her urine was pounding inside her, begging for release. It didn’t help that she had had multiple accidents of her own with Lily, and the recognition of this fact made warnings scream inside her brain, telling her it was better to be safe than sorry, to just rush out and use the bathroom before it was too late. Angelica was fully aware of these internal alarm bells, but she remained unmoved. She wasn’t even fully sure why. Why not just get up now and go? There was nothing stopping her. She tried to figure out her own subconscious thought processes. Was it just a form of hubris? Was it a fear that if she gave in to her bladder’s demands, she would lose all ability to stay in control until finding a toilet? Part of both?

Her memory of the previous summer resurfaced in her mind, unbidden. After she and Lily had returned from the amusement park, Angelica’s mom was nearly hysterical upon receiving the car back with two puddles of pee in the seats. This had led to a big argument, followed by several days of awkwardness between them, as Angelica had tried desperately to calm her mother’s anxieties and quell any notions of getting her seen by a specialist. She had insisted that she didn’t have any kind of bladder condition, and had proved it by staying dry since then, though her mother seemed to have a harder time letting it go, and had required that Angelica pay for half the cleaning bill for the seats—since it was half her mess. Angelica had reluctantly agreed, having no real excuse for why she shouldn’t take responsibility and ultimately just wanting to put the incident behind her.

Of course, it hadn’t helped that she had a whole new set of feelings to sort out at that time, ones that had remained dormant until then. She had been attracted to Brian, but it had been for her nothing more than emotional attraction—she liked him, she fancied him, she was in love with him…well, maybe not quite in love, but you get the idea. That kind of attraction. Then, out of nowhere, vibration in the right spot had unlocked Pandora’s box, releasing a brand new, thitherto unplumbed sphere of sexuality…and now her emotional draw had been involuntarily coupled with sexual desire.

She had experienced some sexual fantasies and gratification, and the aftermath of it had left her feeling dirty and guilty. It was like a kind of mind-rape, non-consensual in nature, and replacing a healthy emotion—a longing for an actual human being—with a tawdry substitute, viewing Brian less as a fellow person and more as a means to an end of base and fleeting pleasure. She had put away those thoughts and not touched them again, and in an unfortunate outcome, she had inadvertently distanced herself from Brian as well. Her texting decreased, and they remained as surface-level friends. He still texted her sometimes, once even calling her, but her responses had been short enough to prevent anything further from developing. It remained one of Angelica’s greatest regrets.

All these thoughts tumbled through her head in a moment. Right now, of course, she was feeling her regret at not using a toilet earlier much more sharply. What had even brought up those memories? Oh, yes—it was the bizarre satisfaction that she had felt when her orgasm had led to an accident. Ever since then, she was afraid that if she peed her pants again, she might find that she enjoyed it. She wanted to prove to herself that it wasn’t true, that she was normal, that she wasn’t some kind of weirdo with a thing for not being potty trained. Of course having accidents in her pants wasn’t something she got pleasure out of, regardless of one isolated incident. That was ridiculous. Was it just peeing herself that did it, though? It was Brian, wasn’t it…and he wasn’t here now. He wasn’t here, and she wasn’t going to wet herself. She set her jaw and told herself firmly: she was not going to wet herself. For once, she would endure it.

###

Lily, on the other hand, wasn’t so sure. The row in front of her by now had stood up, meaning it couldn’t be any more than a few minutes until her turn to stand as well. The problem was that if she stood, she would be much less able to hold it, but on the other hand, if she leaked standing it would be much less obvious than if she leaked sitting. She was faced with a grueling catch-22, her prospects for making it out of this without humiliating herself rapidly dissipating. By now, she was focusing more on how to mitigate the damage than how to stay in control.

Rocking back and forth in her seat, her legs pressed together, she bit firmly on her lip and tried to stifle a whine. She squeezed her eyes closed as a spike of pain shot through her, causing two tears to slip out and down her cheeks. With the fingers of her left hand, she delicately wiped them away, being careful not to smudge her makeup. Her right hand was busy vigorously going back and forth between rubbing her thigh and pressing into her crotch. She just had to keep from totally losing control until the final few minutes of the ceremony were over. Right now, though, she was right on the brink of completely soaking her chair.

Unfortunately for her, Lily’s inability to sit still was becoming increasingly obvious, and she could hear the muffled whispers and snickers of the girls on her right. Lily herself was rigidly facing forward, trying to block out anything that would distract her from her mission to keep her sphincter tightly closed. She didn’t even care who saw at this point, as long as she could stay dry…or at least, get no wetter. But then she heard a whisper from her right as Kristin tried to get her attention. “Hey, Lily.” She didn’t respond or acknowledge it in any way.

Kristin tried again. “Lily.” She nudged Lily’s shoulder. “Pssst. Lily.”

The pssst was agony for Lily to hear. Clearly, the only way Kristin would shut up was if Lily answered. Turning her head only slightly, and not making eye contact, she whispered back, harshly, “What?”

More snickers. Then, “Are you, like, about to pee on yourself?”

Exactly what she didn’t need to hear. Biting her lip again, Lily moaned quietly, then replied, “Shut up!” She had to block this out.

She could hear Kristin’s obnoxious laughter again. “You totally are! She totally is.” The last part was directed to the girl on her right. Lily counted the number of classmates left in the row in front of her in an attempt to keep Kristin’s comments from getting to her. Only about five left. It was almost their turn—she could make it!

But then, Kristin leaned in close to Lily and whispered in her ear. “Just don’t think about it. Just don’t imagine how good it would feel to let it alllll out.” Lily squeezed her eyes and thighs closed and turned her head away. It wasn’t fair of Kristin to do this to her. If only she wasn’t trapped next to her! She tried to calm her breathing. They would be standing soon. She just needed to hold on!

However, Kristin leaned in closer, her lips lightly brushing Lily’s hair, tickling her ear. This time, she didn’t say any words; she merely went psspsspsspsspsspsspss. It was too much for Lily. The frisson from the humid exhalation, the hypnotic rhythm of the onomatopoeic stream, and the throbbing torment in her bladder combined in a subliminal assault on her id. Psychology gave way to biology as she moaned, leaned forward in her seat, and lost control again.

Lily felt the insides of her thighs grow warm and wet as her urine flooded into her already-soggy underwear, reheating them and soaking them afresh. Since she was still sitting, the wetness now spread out over her rear end, thoroughly saturating the lacy black fabric stretched tightly across her bottom. Her dress was still hiked up and was spared the majority of the deluge, though the bottom hem was low enough to be caught in the puddle forming under her butt. Her robe, however, was not so lucky. Although the shiny red fabric was barely absorbent, with no barrier between it and her panties, the pooling urine began to slowly trickle through, darkening the cloth. The rest of the liquid collected in a small lake between her legs as her pee continued to jet out involuntarily.

Doubling over in her seat, Lily eventually succeeded once again in staunching the breach after leaking for nearly six seconds. She was now sitting in a puddle of her own mess, with no obvious way out. Still breathing heavily, she looked down at herself to see how bad the damage was. The front of her robe showed no sign of her most recent leak, but she wasn’t sure what could be said of the back. Meanwhile, some of her urine had begun to trickle down her calves, tickling against the skin in an unpleasant fashion. She knew that as soon as she stood, all the pee collected around her buttocks would spill out in a splash on the floor. As far as she could see, there wasn’t any way of preventing it.

And then—then it was time for them to stand up. Lily looked up as her classmates all around her stood in unison. Biting her lip, she followed suit, rising to her feet in a start. Just as she thought, as soon as she did, there was a splap as her warm, yellow liquid splattered all at once over her feet and the carpeted floor. Her backside felt cold now, and she discreetly looked over her shoulder at her chair. Thankfully, there was no wet spot that she could see. Maybe that meant her robe was also dry to the look. Insouciantly shaking one leg to get the drops off, she peered to her right. Kristin hadn’t seemed to notice the cascade of urine when Lily had stood up. Maybe that would be the end of it.

###

In the audience, Angelica could feel her bladder tightening in excitement and anticipation of relief as the last row, Lily’s row, stood to their feet. She began to cheer more enthusiastically now, waiting eagerly for Lily’s name to be called. She could see Lily’s short, slender frame several rows in front of her, now seeming less fidgety. Maybe she had been wrong, and Lily didn’t have to use the bathroom after all.

Looking closer, though, she could see something a little…off…about Lily’s robe. Maybe it was just a trick of the light, but it almost looked as though her robe was darker below the waist than the others around it. If someone didn’t know Lily, they wouldn’t pay much attention; but being Lily’s best friend and familiar with her bladder condition, to Angelica it almost looked like…

No. No way, it couldn’t be. Could it?

Her own need to pee was intensifying now. Angelica had to actually lean forward for a moment and let out a breath as a wave of piercing bladder pain passed over her. If Lily had had an accident, that didn’t bode well. For reasons unknown to Angelica, she only seemed to wet her pants when Lily did too. Crisscrossing her legs, she told herself that it was all in her imagination, and that she would be able to last until the end of the ceremony. They were so close! Now three before Lily…now two…Angelica slipped her program under her leg and prepared to applaud wildly. One more…and then…

“Lily Catherine Wells.”

Angelica let out a wild whoop and pounded her palms together. In this moment, all thoughts of her pressing need for a toilet were forgotten, replaced instead by pride, joy, and ecstatic energy. The crowd swelled with a grand cheer for their valedictorian, a cheer which resounded through every recess and hovered in the eaves.

###

As Lily walked out of the row, she couldn’t help but smile as the deafening roar of adulation arose all around her and rang in her ears. Just like when she had given her speech, however, her enjoyment was—ahem—dampened by the ocean of pee still surging inside her, still needing release. Her two leaks so far had delayed a full voiding, but she knew it was only a matter of time before she would be completely powerless to stop the course of Nature. As she walked, her panties squished unpleasantly against her, squeezing residual droplets out to trickle down her legs and drip on her ankles and feet. She moved stiffly, afraid to relax, afraid of what might happen.

Making her way once again up to the stage, she faced the principal, who held out her diploma with his left hand and his right hand for her to shake. Taking the diploma with her own left hand, she crossed her right hand over to shake his, just as they had done in rehearsal. In this brief moment of standing still, she no longer had her leg movement to help hold back the flood, and she could feel spikes of desperation mounting, pulsating, and exploding through her lower abdomen. Willing herself to stand straight and stay still, Lily turned toward where the school photographer waited and gave a big smile. He pressed the button, the shutter clicked, and the flash went off.

Right at that moment, her weakened sphincter again gave way, and another rebellious spurt of urine jetted out into her underwear. Since her dress was still bunched up under her robe, she could feel the pee shoot out through the soaked fabric around her crotch and spray over her left leg. Her smile faltered, and she clenched, trying not to lose any more. It only had the effect of shifting the stream directly forward, where it streaked down the slippery fabric of the robe to dribble out in a sheet of liquid at the front hem.

The principal turned away from the camera, leaned forward, and congratulated Lily. She gave back a halfhearted “thank you” in a tremulous voice. As before, she was able to cut off the flow and not lose total control, but only after about four seconds. It was only by very good fortune that these leaks hadn’t been detected so far, and she knew her luck could only last so long.

Going down the line of the faculty, she shook each hand, trying to concentrate on smiling…and on holding it. At the end of the line, she descended once more from the stage to make her way back to her seat. As she did so, however, another wave of desperation hit her, and before she knew it, she had shoved her hand into her crotch as more urine sprayed out of her. This one only lasted for a second, but she knew it would be extremely obvious to anyone looking at her that she was just moments away from a total pee accident.

###

Angelica had witnessed all this, and seeing Lily briefly grab herself was definitive proof that she was also in dire straits with a bursting bladder. As Lily returned to her seat, Angelica stopped clapping to rub her thighs vigorously. There were only five more graduates. She willed herself—willed Lily—to endure. At this rate, either they would both be able to make it in time, or both fail. She couldn’t let that happen. She would hold on, for both of them. Her sphincter quivered, threatening to give in to the mounting pressure. No! She was in control…she was.

As the final few students were called, her mind brought up again the image of Lily standing in the row, flanked by her classmates. The strange discoloration on her robe stuck in her mind’s eye. If Lily was also desperate, had she in fact…leaked?

Her troubled thoughts were interrupted by the principal stepping up to the microphone and stating, with a mellifluous, grandfatherly tone, “Would the graduating class please stand.” As all two hundred and eighty-four red-robed figures rose, Angelica could see Lily’s rear end again. She wasn’t crazy. There it was—an area of distinctly darker red. Angelica let out a little gasp and jammed her hand into her crotch. Lily had leaked. There was no other explanation. And if Lily had leaked…

“I present to you this year’s graduating class of Theodore Roosevelt High School.”

The hall erupted in booming, thundering applause as the graduates turned to face the audience and shifted their tassels to the other side, faces aglow with triumph. Some pumped their fists in the air, some threw their caps despite having been told by faculty beforehand not to, some cried. Lily, however, merely stood still, her hands firmly pressed against her sides. Angelica let out a cheer a moment after the rest of the crowd and pulled her hand out from between her legs to clap as loudly as she could. As she did so, however, her eyes locked with Lily’s.

Lily’s face was ashen, and when her gaze met Angelica’s, Angelica could read panic in her eyes. She knew, and knew that Lily knew that she knew, that Lily was on the verge of a total voiding in her pants. As they shared that moment of a bond of agony, Angelica briefly felt Lily’s pain and forgot about her own need. In doing so, she relaxed her hold for just a split second…but a split second was all that mattered.

Without warning, a spurt of pee burst out into Angelica’s Victoria’s Secret blue panties, instantly darkening them and making the area around her privates hot and moist. She gasped again and stuffed her hands against her groin, stopping the loss of control after two seconds. But her butt was now warm, and she knew she needed to get to a bathroom…now.

The cheering began to mercifully die down, allowing the vice principal to step up and give the closing announcements. Angelica didn’t hear any of them, her brain laser-focused on getting to a toilet. At long last, once the final thank-yous were said and the crowd began to slowly stand, stretch, and chat as they gathered their things, Angelica grabbed her clutch and pushed her way out of her row as fast as she could, offering a litany of “excuse me”s and “pardon me”s as she forced herself past everyone else, not able to wait any longer. Once in the aisle, she was faced with the backup from all the people who had sat further behind her in the auditorium.

It was one thing to barge through a crowd of people, but at this rate, there would undoubtedly be a line for the women’s restroom, and it wouldn’t be quite so socially acceptable to force her way through that. Her brain bounced back and forth, straining for other possible solutions. Finally she concluded that the second-floor restrooms would most likely be less occupied, but still within a reachable distance. She made that her goal. Once out in the atrium, she would have to slip her way up the stairs past the descending crowds.

###

Lily pushed herself with a red face and assorted apologies out from among her fellow graduates. She needed to get to a bathroom now, and preferably one where she wouldn’t be seen. The closest one would be the family bathroom on the second floor. She also had to steal away from the throngs of well-meaning attendees who would slow her down with ill-timed congratulations and inquiries as to her future plans. This was simply not the time. Speedwalking her way to the far edge of the auditorium, she pushed open the side door and slipped out.

Once out of view of the general public, Lily bent over sharply, grabbing her crotch through her gown. As she leaned forward, her graduate cap tumbled to the floor and her hair fell over her face. She didn’t bother picking her cap up. Instead, a sob burst out of her, more due to pain and stress than self-pity at this point. She could feel another leak spray past her defenses, the hot urine trickling down her legs again. She was almost there. By now, if she could get away with releasing the majority of her bladder’s contents into a toilet, she would consider it a win. Still clutching herself, she started making her way up the stairs.

###

Angelica had gotten to the lobby and darted in between the hordes of bystanders straight to the staircase. Her plan was working splendidly so far, and once she was able to squeeze her way in between the densely packed bodies and get right up next to the banister, it was decidedly easier to progress. Her pumps kept her from moving as quickly as she would have liked, since one wrong step would spell complete disaster. The worst thing possible at this point would be for her to lose her footing and end up on the floor, bruised, with a circle of people around her asking if she was okay, all while a puddle formed underneath her. She needed to move speedily, but not so hastily as to run any unnecessary risk.

As she reached the top of the stairs, the number of people began to thin out from the choke point created by the staircase. Relief was near. Her underwear was moist and uncomfortable from her momentary loss of control earlier, and the breeze under her dress was making it feel unpleasantly chilly. She resisted the urge to grab herself again, even though her bladder was contracting unrelentingly now, sending a new barrage of red alert signals every time. Her steps were mincing, as her thighs were tense, her muscles tight all the way down into her toes. She gritted her teeth as she bore the pain of resisting her body’s urges. But she had to resist—she hadn’t come all this way just to lose the fight now!

Rounding the corner to where the restrooms were, she breathed a massive sigh of relief upon the sight of the women’s room. Nearing her destination, and the reward for not giving up, she relented of her earlier strong-willed choice to retain her dignity and instead bent over, rear end prominent, hands in groin, her clutch tucked under her arm. At this point, she would do whatever it took to stay dry. She pushed the door open but suddenly stopped up short as she nearly ran into the back of a woman who was standing barely inside the restroom. As Angelica came to a sudden halt, she let out a little yelp, and at the same time, another spurt of pee sprayed out into her underwear, rewarming them. As the woman turned towards her, Angelica could see, to her horror, that there was a line of at least five women in front of her. This was exactly what she had come to the second floor to avoid, as it was exactly what she knew she couldn’t wait for.

Another leak forced its way out, and Angelica could feel the black fabric of her dress starting to become damp under her hand. There had to be another option—she had to find somewhere to pee! The men’s room? Was she really that desperate? But then she remembered—about halfway down the second floor there was a family bathroom. At this point it was her best shot. She quickly backed out of the ladies’ room and began a desperate jog in that direction.

###

Lily, meanwhile, was mounting the top of the stairs. She had had a slower time climbing, as she had been much more desperate to keep from leaking. Now that she was at the top, she pushed open the door, her eyes darting about to gather her bearings. Thankfully, the second floor seemed to be mostly empty, so nobody could see her red, sweat-streaked face, her smudged makeup, her panicked expression, or—worst of all—her telltale body language conveying signs of obvious and extreme urgency to use the bathroom. She was bending and unbending fiercely, her hand still in between her tightly clamped thighs. She bit down on her lip and used her free hand to brush her hair behind her ear. Okay. Now she knew where she was, and, more importantly, where the family restroom was. She needed to get there, and now!

As she moved, though, her hand kept slipping from its grip in her crotch, due to the slippery satin-like robe. It had already nearly tripped her multiple times when climbing the stairs. Forget it. It was too much of an encumbrance, and it was coming off. She bent over and unceremoniously yanked it over her head, her panic causing it to take longer than it should have. As she wrestled with it, her sphincter screamed for relief, the ocean of pee inside her wearing away at its stamina.

After what seemed like forever, she was able to free herself from the robe, leaving her in her red dress, her hair now frazzled from pulling the robe off. Her dress, unfortunately, was still scrunched up around her waist from earlier. She hurriedly pulled it down in the front and grabbed herself with both hands through it. In the back, however, it was still hiked up above her backside, leaving her black panties on clear display. She didn’t even notice, and if she had, it was questionable if she would have cared at that point. She was focused on only one thing at this point—a toilet. Hands in crotch, damp bottom visible, and time running out, she started her speed waddle.

###

Angelica was breathing heavily now. She was nearly there. As long as it wasn’t occupied, she would be all right. But if it was…

###

Lily was letting out moans in between panting gasps. She fervently hoped the bathroom would be empty. Then this would all be behind her. Please, please let it be empty! she thought. If it weren’t empty…then…

###

Angelica quickened her pace. She had been dying for relief for over an hour now, and her lower abdomen was on fire with aching pain. She was so close now!

###

Lily walked faster. She was about to totally pee herself, and the breeze on her rear end was making the wet fabric cold, causing her desperation to spike higher and higher. She was almost there!

###

Come on Come on I’m so close I can make it I can make it

###

I can’t pee myself I can’t pee myself Not again Let me make it Let me get there in time

###

*

Angelica slammed into the door with the full force of her momentum, banging it open. There was her salvation, in all its porcelain white beauty. With an exaggerated sigh of relief, she pushed the door closed again, locked it, and went about freeing herself from her outfit, pulling the hem of her black dress up and positioning herself in front of the toilet seat. Her pee began to explode out of her even before she pulled her panties down, but then she was sitting, and sweet, glorious relief bathed her in its empyreal embrace. Her urine was shooting out of her with a loud hsssss, noisily splashing the inside of the bowl in its ferocious exodus. Angelica’s eyes rolled back in her head and she leaned against the wall, letting out a deep euphoric moan as she did so. The pain was melting away, and she was in bliss.

Just then, though, there was a loud bang on the door, as of someone ramming into it. This was immediately followed by a frenzied knocking. It was enough to jar Angelica out of her ecstatic reverie, and she straightened up, cleared her throat, and stated, “There’s someone in here!” She was sure that whoever was outside could clearly hear the sound of her pee, and she blushed a little.

A somewhat familiar voice, high-pitched and frightened, answered. “Are you almost done? Please hurry, please hurry—I can’t wait any longer!”

###

Lily was gyrating madly in front of the locked door. What were the odds that this, of all bathrooms, would be occupied right now, of all times? She squeezed her eyes shut and stifled a tormented scream as a red-hot blade of pain stabbed her in the gut, and she pulled up with her hands as hard as she could, trying, trying, trying to stave off the inevitable. The resounding hiss of the person peeing in the bathroom was just tantalizing her, goading her into giving up, giving in, and letting it all go. There was still the slightest of chances, though…if only whoever was in the bathroom came out in the next few seconds.

But then, the voice that she thought she knew from somewhere came out once again from inside the bathroom, with a verdict of doom. “I’m sorry, but I just got in here.”

Lily took a deep breath in, then let out a long, agonizing sigh that morphed into a sob as it came out. She bent forward, leaning her head against the doorframe, and stared down at her white knuckles, her quivering thighs, her bloated bladder, her trembling legs, and her feet pressed together. Tears welled up in her eyes and then overflowed as her long battle came to an end.

###

As her stream slowly diminished, Angelica could hear a plaintive moan from outside the door, followed by silence. But then…was it just a trick of her ears?…she could hear a hissing from outside the door, and then something like a splashing sound. Then the voice clicked in her memory. There was no way. Did she really just make Lily pee herself simply by occupying the bathroom?

Squeezing her bladder harder, Angelica intensified the powerful jet of urine, trying to finish as quickly as possible, for Lily’s sake. It was still going to be a while, though, as she was filled nearly to capacity. It probably wouldn’t do any good at this rate, and she sat there awkwardly, relieving herself in the toilet while Lily relieved herself in her clothes. A good twenty seconds passed by, with no sign of either of them stopping.

###

Lily was still holding herself through her dress as she was finally able to relax and just let it all out. She was leaning with one hand against the wall, staring down at herself, and breathing heavily in a mixture of long-awaited respite and frustrated angst. Her heart was still thumping heavily inside her chest, and she could feel it all the way up into her eardrums. Her mouth hung open, and tears trickled down her cheeks.

Underneath her hand, scalding urine saturated the red material of her dress, darkening it to almost black. The pee was spraying through where the cloth was bunched up in her fingers, sprinkling all over the floor in twinkling, tinkling droplets. In the back, her exposed panties rapidly soaked through, the fabric wicking the moisture up the back and between her cheeks, becoming shiny as it did so. Her underwear felt disgustingly squishy and soggy, with unpleasant moist heat surrounding her private parts.

As it flooded out of her, her pee drained down the front, inside, and back of both legs, dribbling over her ankles and wetting her shoes. Separate streams arced directly from her crotch as well, and smaller ones separated from the trails down her legs to cascade outward also. The noisy hissing of release was complemented by the louder sound of the various torrents splashing, splattering, and sprinkling on the commercial carpet. It rapidly grew dark and squelched under her feet, with her puddle spreading out to almost three feet wide as her long-held burden was slowly released. From inside the restroom, she could hear the pee stream grow stronger, which only caused her own to do the same.

Lily could feel beautifully golden relief permeate throughout her abdomen as the pain and tight tension gradually dissipated. She sniffled, wiped her free hand across her nose, and then placed it on one side of her face in a pose of weary defeat. As bad as it was to lose control and wet herself again, there was no denying that the release was heavenly. That wasn’t the issue. It was her inability to hold it until reaching a bathroom, like anyone her age should be able to do without any problems. And now here she was, going to the bathroom on herself, again, like a little kid. Would she ever get past her bladder problems? She sniffled again, looking down at the puddle underneath her as she kept adding to it. At least there was no one around to see her. Except, of course, for the person actually in the restroom—she should get out of here before they opened the door and saw her, the valedictorian, like this.

Just then, though, she heard laughter behind her. Turning a startled and horrified face around, she could see, standing at the doors that opened onto the balcony seating, two teenage boys staring and laughing. They looked to be three or four years younger than she herself was, but this was just about the coolest—and hottest—thing they had ever seen. One of them had his phone out and was either taking pictures or recording video, Lily couldn’t tell. Her mouth dropped open in shock and embarrassment and she moved her hands to cover her rear end. As soon as she did so, though, she immediately realized with horror that her dress was not hanging down in the back, and the hormonal adolescent boys had gotten a free peep show of her butt as she peed herself.

Who knows how long they had stood there, ogling her panty-clad behind with its shiny wet stain, and her slender legs glistening with trails of urine? She let out a yelp, turning her body around so that her bottom was no longer on display, her feet squishing in her puddle, and made hurried, flustered moves to pull her dress down on all sides. Of course, in doing so, the broad dark patch on the front of her dress was now facing the boys. The one with the phone laughed again, a contemptible, immature whoop, and stretched his arm out to get a better picture. The other one was pulling out his phone now too, trying to get in on the action.

Though Lily’s face was a deep scarlet with humiliation—and though pee was still dribbling out of her as her bladder finally neared emptiness—horrible, savage anger gripped her, and she could feel her veins popping on her neck as heat rose up into her face. A feral, bestial voice exploded from her throat in a terrifying howl, “YOU PERVERTS! YOU AWFUL, DISGUSTING INSECTS! I’LL KILL YOU!” And in that moment, she may have meant it.

Her withering, vituperative eruption was superb in its effectiveness. The boys both jumped, the one who had been recording dropping his phone, and then they took off running, terrified of whatever retributive wrath Lily would bring down on them. She didn’t follow them, but instead stood there, breathing heavily with the combination of embarrassment, exertion, and fury. The last of her urine squirted weakly into her saturated underwear, and she could hear the door behind her opening. All in all, she had peed solidly for almost fifty seconds.

###

Angelica had finished using the bathroom, hurriedly dried herself with toilet paper (only afterward wondering why, since her panties were still wet), and unlocked the door without even washing her hands. If Lily had any chance of mitigating her accident, she was going to help her with it. Internally, though, she suspected the worst.

As she pulled her panties back up and hastily adjusted them and her dress, she heard Lily’s bellowing invective from outside. It was a tone she didn’t even know Lily was capable of, and it gave her a terrible start when it exploded out of nowhere, making her jump and then put a hand on her chest to make sure her heart was still beating. She didn’t know what was happening, but it definitely wasn’t good. Instinctively, she grabbed her pepper spray from her clutch and held it ready as she unlocked and swung open the door, just in case.

There was no one there but Lily, though her body language was like that of a crouching tiger, ready to spring and unleash a devastating attack. Angelica could also see that she had been too late; there was a massive dark puddle underneath Lily, and a few scintillating drops fell from between her legs, wrapping up her loss of bladder control. Compassion mingling with concern for her best friend made a knot settle in Angelica’s stomach, and she asked, her voice edged with uneasiness, “Lil, are you okay?”

Lily turned to face her, wearing a look of anguished surprise. As she did, Angelica could see the entire front of her dress was multiple shades darker and dripping with the results of her accident. Her answer was tremulous, and it was clear she hadn’t known it was Angelica who had unintentionally denied her her dignity. “Angie? What are you—no, no, I’m not okay. What were you doing in the bathroom? I mean—I guess I am, now. Okay, I mean. I just—I couldn’t hold it.” Her voice trailed off, and she wrapped her arms around herself in self-pity, her face starting to scrunch up as the load of stress toppled over inside her, and she gave in and began crying.

Angelica pulled Lily in close for a consoling hug. She held her tightly, letting her get all the tears out, as the two of them stood together in Lily’s puddle. Pretty soon, Lily finished her tears and pulled away, drawing a hand across her nose and eyes, sniffling. Her makeup was ruined now, and she really looked as though she had been through the wringer. Angelica spoke, her voice low and gentle. “Do you want me to take you home, Lil?”

Lily took a deep breath, regaining her composure. “No, actually. You could do me a huge favor, though.”

“Anything.”

“I brought a change of clothes with me. They’re in a bag downstairs with my parents. Could you grab it and bring it up here?”

“Sure thing. You brought a change of clothes?”

“Yeah, a group of us are going out to a party tonight to celebrate.”

Angelica raised an eyebrow. “You’re still planning to go?”

Lily gave a little self-deprecating chuckle. “Yeah. I mean, at this rate, why not?”

Angelica thought a moment, shrugged, and said, “All right. I’ll be right back with it.” She started to leave.

Lily’s voice stopped her. “Oh, and also, could you get my makeup bag? It has some remover in it.”

Angelica stepped back towards Lily, handing her her clutch. “I have some. You can use mine.”

“Thanks, Angie.” Angelica went to move again. “Oh, also, if you go back down the side stairs…you know what, never mind.”

Angelica turned down the hall and was soon out of sight of Lily. Had she stayed longer, she would have seen Lily walk over to the dropped phone, pick it up, consider it for a moment, then saunter into the bathroom and vindictively drop it into the toilet. With a sense of self-satisfaction, she then pulled some makeup removal wipes from Angelica’s purse and began cleaning up her face.

###

Back on the first floor, Angelica scanned the crowd for Lily’s parents. She was sure they would want to see their pride and joy and give hugs and take pictures, so they couldn’t be far. An initial survey was fruitless, however, and she began milling into the crowd, trying to think of where to look. As she walked, the cold dampness of her drying underwear started to itch, making her uncomfortable. She also realized, a little self-consciously, that she hadn’t washed her hands earlier.

As she stared off into the further recesses of the lobby, she suddenly heard a familiar voice behind her, calling her name. It took her a moment to recognize that the voice was actually real, since she hadn’t heard it in some time, and didn’t expect to hear it here, of all places. Turning around rapidly, her eyes went wide with stunned surprise at whom she saw.

“Brian!”

To Be Continued

First of all, I would like to thank everyone for their support on this story. This last half a chapter was met with even more writer's block than chapter 5, which I hope will not continue. Also, chapter 6 was originally going to be presented as a whole chapter, but it ended up being so long (and taking so long to write) that I decided to split it in two at a natural seam. But hey, since there are eleven planned chapters, and I've posted five and a half, that makes this story officially halfway done!

I hope you enjoy it. As always, feedback is appreciated.

*008*2020-02-14 11:14

{{On 2/12/2020 at 4:44 PM, ragtime said:

Just want to bump this freaking awesome story and say I really like it!

}}

Wow, thanks! And I promise you, the next part is in the works. It's just that I was recently cast in a play last-minute (to replace someone who had to drop out) and have been focusing a lot on that.

*009*2020-03-13 01:53

Hi, everyone! Just a quick update on things:

1. This story is not dead. I was just heavily involved in a stage play for about a month. During that time, I would try to sit down and write and only get out about a sentence. Now that the play is over, I am making much greater progress.

2. I am almost done with chapter 6, part 2. I don't know why I thought these could only be one chapter originally (well, I do know why; it's because the story hadn't been fleshed out when I first thought of each chapter), because it's long! So, I am sorry about the wait, but I hope to be finished and have it up sometime next week.

3. I am sorry that these chapters end up being as long as they are. I know that hoping anyone reads them is expecting a sizable time investment from them. But the reason they are so lengthy is because I am trying to develop the story of these two characters and their lives, and I'm not a skilled enough writer to excel at brevity.

Thank you all for your support and for journeying with me in this tale.

*010*2020-03-18 11:17

At very, very long last, I present part 2. And I really do promise that I shall do my best to keep the remaining chapters shorter.

Contains: fear wetting, messing

Chapter 6: Graduation (Part 2)

Angelica stood there, dumbfounded. For the second time in her life, Brian reappeared after having been given up for lost. Thinking about the distance that she had allowed to grow between them, she wondered if she could have honestly said she expected to ever see him again in her life. And now, here he was, standing right in front of her in a smart charcoal suit, real and solid and wonderful and baffling. His auburn hair was gelled, but not too much, his face was clean-shaven, showing off his manly jawline and the jaunty grin playing on his lips. But what stood out the most were his piercing blue eyes, which were now dancing and twinkling.

Angelica simply stared, her jaw slack, words unable to form on her lips. In a moment, all the rush of the romantic attraction she had felt for Brian surged up inside her again, only strengthened by her sense of regret at having drifted apart. He had been gone from her life, and now, without warning, he was back; like a soldier presumed dead returning from the war. A burst of sudden rash impulse flashed through her, and for a split second, she thought she may just throw herself into his arms and kiss him right then and there. The rational and self-conscious side of her brain, however, immediately cut this puerile caprice short with internal chidings. She could feel her face redden from the fatuous notion, then, realizing that Brian could see her blush, she blushed even deeper. He was still standing there, still smiling, waiting for a response. Words, Angelica, words!

Brushing a loose strand of brown hair behind her ear, she tried to give a polished response. Putting on her best smile, she spoke, her voice cracking as the words first left her. “Brian! Hey! Wow, what, uh, what are you doing here?” Her voice was a little higher pitched than she meant it to be.

Brian leaned on one leg and stuck his hands in his pockets. He was still grinning that amazing, intoxicating smile of his. “I’m back in town over the summer. My cousin was graduating today, so I came with my family.” He gave a chuckle. “Then I saw you a couple of rows in front of me and I knew I’d have to find you after it was over. So, surprise!” He laughed, causing Angelica to do the same—half out of nervousness, but half deeply genuine.

“Wow! Well, that’s cool! What, um, what will you…be doing? For the summer.” She wished that she had gone for a hug when she had first seen him. At this point it would be too awkward to try to go in for one. Instead, she folded her hands in front of her, not knowing what else to do with them.

“I have a job lined up. Well, it’s not really a job—I mean it is, but it’s more like an internship. It’s part of the classes I’m taking. I’m hoping it can turn into a full-time job once I graduate next year.” That was right. He was studying to become an electrician, and the trade school apprenticeship program was four years long. He locked eyes with Angelica again. Those eyes—he had no idea how much she had missed seeing them…and missed having them see her. “What about you?”

Angelica laughed nervously again, trying to pull herself together. “Oh, I’ll be seeing what I can find. Not sure yet. I just finished my first year of business classes, so it’s still too early for an internship.”

Brian’s pointed his finger in agreement as Angelica mentioned studying business. “Right! You told me you were going into that. Good for you, Angie.” Hearing him call her the pet name no one used but Lily made her almost have to pinch herself to ensure she wasn’t dreaming, and she nearly blurted out “I love you.” Internally shushing herself, she wondered why she was acting so ditzy tonight. This wasn’t her normal self. But to be fair, she didn’t feel like her normal self, though in a good way. Having Brian here and now, when she had all but given up on her feelings for him—it was just like a scene out of a book. Her heart was soaring inside her with hope, and she felt nervous and terrified and light and floaty all at once. It was like the feeling as a kid on Christmas morning, only multiplied much more. The two of them stood still for what couldn’t have been more than a few seconds, though to Angelica it felt as though time had stopped.

Then, all of a sudden, a jolt of remembrance popped into her head. Lily was still upstairs, waiting for her dry clothes. And also…her own underwear was still damp. She had been talking to Brian with wet panties. She could feel her face flush red, remembering also that she hadn’t cleaned her hands, either. Good thing they hadn’t hugged, after all. Feeling awkward, she stammered out, “Oh, uh, I need to go…do something…for someone. Real quick. I’ll be right back, though. Don’t go anywhere!” She backed away as she spoke, trying to keep him in sight, to make sure he didn’t just disappear on her, like a breath in the wind.

“No worries. I’ll be right here.” He laughed, a laugh that almost sounded nervous. What did he have to be nervous about? She was the one who was crazy about him, who had been talking to him with wet underclothes…and who had peed herself in front of him those years ago. Good grief, heaven knew she had given him enough reasons to be scared off. What was he doing, still showing up in her life? She gave him a quick, giddy grin on one side of her mouth before turning back into the crowds to find Lily’s family.

As she navigated her way in between the throngs of attendees and graduates, her thoughts were like fireworks going off in her head. It wasn’t just that Brian was here again, he actually sought her out. What could that mean? Was he just being friendly? Her brain was going into an overdrive of apophenia, analyzing every expression, every inflection, every glance of his could have met in their exceptionally brief reunion. One thing was for sure. She wasn’t letting him get away again.

Focused as she was on her internal cogitations, she nearly missed seeing where Derek and Jeanne Wells were standing, somewhat off to the side, scanning the crowd for Lily. As soon as Angelica approached them, their faces lit up with recognition. Initial greetings and hugs were followed by inquiries into where Lily was, and Angelica had to expend more than a little effort into playing it cool and not hinting at the actual reason Lily was trying not to be seen. It seemed to do the trick, however, and before too long she was making her way back towards the stairs, Lily’s bag of clothes tucked under her arm.

###

Lily waited in the second-floor restroom for what felt like far too long, although it couldn’t have been more than fifteen minutes. During that time, she had delicately extricated herself from her dress, trying carefully to not get wet anywhere she wasn’t already. Once done, she carefully slid down her panties, grimacing as the wet and rapidly cooling black fabric grazed her skin. Once both these tasks were complete, she contemplated for a moment, then made up her mind and turned on the faucet. Rinsing out her underwear was easy enough, but trying to bunch up just the front part of the dress to get it under the tap without splashing water everywhere proved to be tricky.

Once she was satisfied with her work, she squeezed both pieces of clothing out as well as she could over the toilet. The phone was still sitting at the bottom of the bowl, releasing an occasional bubble. With a sudden impulse, she sat on the toilet herself and squeezed out what pee she had. Since she had just emptied her bladder, there wasn’t much, but it felt gratifying to spray it on the phone that was being used to objectify and humiliate her. After that, she stood in front of the mirror in nothing but her bra and used Angelica’s wipes to clean her face of its smeared makeup.

Of course, once this was done, there was nothing to do but wait for Angelica. Lily didn’t have her phone to contact anyone or even try to pass the time, and so all she could do was wait and hope that Angelica would be back soon. It undoubtedly felt like longer than it had been by the time there was a light knock and Angelica’s voice outside the door: “Lily? I have your clothes.”

Lily stood behind the door and opened it a crack, just enough to stick her hand out. She could feel the bag being placed in it, then she drew it back inside and closed the door. In less than a minute she had put on her new clothes and balled the old ones up, wrapping them tightly in the bag. There of course was no reason why she should bring fresh underwear with her if she were only going to change her outfit for comfort’s sake, but she had long been in the habit of bringing a clean pair of panties with any new clothes, due to her condition. She was glad of it now.

Opening the door and stepping out, she stood in front of Angelica with a pleased expression, ignoring the dark puddle off to her side. She had on her graduating class T-shirt, a pair of beige short shorts, and tennis shoes. Brushing her shoulder-length blonde hair behind her ears, she handed the bag to Angelica. “I guess I’d better go find my family now. Could you…take this for me, Angie? Just…get it back to me when you can. I can take care of cleaning them. I just—I’d rather not have my parents find out what…what happened.”

Angelica received the bag, nodding in complete understanding. As Lily also handed her back her clutch, she asked, “So, you have everything? You’re good to go?” Although she wanted to make sure her best friend was set, she found she was also distracted, trying to finish up here quickly and get back downstairs before Brian got tired of waiting for her…or just plain forgot about her. Strangely, she also felt reticent to tell Lily about running into Brian, at least just yet. Much as she wondered at it, she couldn’t quite figure out why, and it bothered her.

It felt similar to how she had never confided in Lily her experience at the amusement park. Was it the sense of deceit by omission, because she felt like she was doing something wrong and didn’t want to face it? Was she secretly hoping that meeting with Brian tonight would result in something similarly illicit? Her thoughts reached back to one of their first interactions, at the harvest festival, when she had sneaked off with him to see a hidden lake. Wasn’t it the same feeling, even then? The giddy thrill of a forbidden escapade?

These thoughts flurried through Angelica’s head in an instant, and she realized she hadn’t even heard Lily’s response. She gave her head a little shake to clear it. No, of course it wasn’t like that. It was most likely that she didn’t want to get her hopes up for anything, and telling Lily about Brian being here would get Lily excited, which would get her excited, and she didn’t want that to happen if it were all going to lead nowhere. That was what she told herself, at least.

As it was, Lily had evidently needed nothing else and moved to make her way with Angelica toward the stairs. As they walked, Angelica could feel some of the tension inside her—from uncertainty about where she stood with Brian and any hidden motives she had—begin to dissolve as she and Lily fell into their comfortable and familiar rhythm of best-friendship. Lily too appeared to be relaxing more following her incident. Most likely being in dry clothes and knowing that no one else had seen her accident helped immensely.

Once back on the first floor, Angelica gave Lily a quick hug before parting ways. Lily’s bag tucked under her arm, she tried nonchalantly to survey the crowd for Brian again. After close to a minute with no success, during which she could feel the heat rising on her neck as she became increasingly convinced that he had left already, she suddenly heard her name called again from off to her side. Turning quickly in that direction, a smile of relief lifted one side of her face as she saw Brian approach her. She breathed a half-laugh. “Hi!”

Brian closed the gap between them in the slowly dissipating crowd. “Hi again.” Angelica briefly thought—hoped—that he might take this second opportunity to go in for a hug, but instead, he stood where he was, hands in pockets, wearing a silly grin. He nodded towards the bag of clothes. “What’s that?”

Angelica subconsciously held the bag tighter and felt her face flush. She wanted to make sure she kept Lily’s accident a secret, but she knew that if she acted too mysterious about it, it would only make Brian more curious. “Um, it’s just Lily’s dress. She, uh, she changed into something more comfortable for tonight. I think she’s going to some celebration with her class.”

Brian seemed satisfied by the answer, to Angelica’s relief. “Oh, cool. You know, I’ve still never met Lily.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, really. I mean, you’ve talked about her enough, I almost feel like I know her. But yeah, no, never actually met her.”

“Huh. Well, I could…” Angelica trailed off, remembering her earlier hesitation over letting Lily know that Brian was here. Internally, she was irritated at herself for having any uncertainty at all, especially since it was the one dark cloud dragging down her quivering exhilaration at Brian’s presence. Still, she wanted to keep this to herself, at least for now. She resumed her sentence. “…um, I’ll have to introduce you sometime. I mean, because you’ll still be around, for the summer. But she’s, uh, she’s probably already left for the thing.”

Brian shrugged. “Yeah, some other time, I guess.” He stayed there staring at Angelica for a few seconds without saying anything. Then, even though his eyes were still bright, he looked down and shuffled his feet awkwardly. For a few seconds, the two of them waited, neither one speaking. Angelica was just about to try to ask him something (though she didn’t know what, just anything to keep the conversation going) when he abruptly raised his head again and looked her straight in the eye. “Do you have any plans for tonight?”

Angelica could feel anticipation tensing up the back of her throat and making the blood pulse audibly in her eardrums. Could it…could it be? Swallowing to keep her voice from cracking, she answered. “No. No plans at all.”

Taut, tortured silence hung between them, the air heavy with expectation. Angelica swallowed again, her heart fluttery, hoping beyond hope that he had asked for the reason she thought he had. But now he stood there, face inscrutable, not saying a word. Had he lost his nerve? Ask me, Brian. She willed him with everything inside her. I’ll say yes. You only have to ask me.

At long last, he spoke. His voice was even, and his eyes were burning holes through her. He spoke with a sense of focused determination, as if he were reciting a speech or uttering an incantation. “Would you want to go out for coffee?”

Angelica could feel her chest tighten and her breath catch as an ocean of jubilation built up inside her. In response, she could feel herself damming it up inside and only letting out a trickle, afraid that otherwise it would explode in an uncontrollable surge. Instead of an outburst of overjoyed elation, she replied only a direct, understated “yes.” His gaze was still piercing straight to her soul.

Brian gave a little nervous laugh. “Right now?”

“Yes.”

“Wow. Wow! Great, um, how about at The Roaster and Coaster?” He seemed oddly relieved.

“Yes.” It was all Angelica could do to keep her emotions in check.

“Do you know how to get there?”

A pause as she thought. Truth be told, she hadn’t even been paying attention to the name of the place. “No.”

“It’s on Linden, between Cross and Oakland.”

She mentally processed this. Then, with a nod, “Okay.”

Brian laughed again, not knowing what to make of her sudden taciturnity. “Oh, wait, do you need a ride there?”

Angelica had bought her car four months earlier, a used Camry. It was temperamental, and the air conditioning was broken, but it ran. She gave a little shake of her head, unable at this point to keep the smile from dominating her cheek. She answered a barely audible “no.”

Brian’s smile widened. “Um, well, great! So, we’ll head out now and I’ll meet you there?” He began awkwardly backing towards the door, as Angelica hadn’t moved yet, but merely stood there, smiling at him. She finally managed to give a nod, taking in his eyes, his hair, his perfect smile, his broad shoulders, his tall frame. He nodded back and turned toward the door, giving one last brief glance over his shoulder at her. Ah, she was about to melt, he was so handsome.

Once he was out of sight, Angelica hurriedly made her way out of the other door in the lobby and toward her car. Her gaze was down as she sped toward her car, trying to keep from exploding before she got in. Already she couldn’t stop the smile spreading rapidly over her face as bliss bubbled up inside her. She couldn’t believe it. Just an hour earlier, her only thoughts of Brian were ones of wistful regret, and now—now she was actually going on what was, for all intents and purposes, a date. A date. With Brian. She quickened her pace.

Reaching the car, she threw Lily’s bag and her clutch into the passenger’s seat, got in, and closed the door. For a second, she merely sat there, in stunned and exhilarated silence. But then the dam broke. She threw her head back, squealing, kicking her legs and pumping her arms in unadulterated excitement. She laughed, a pure, jovial laugh of rapture, hugging herself and rocking side to side. The gale of laughter subsided, but then immediately started again as her euphoria overflowed, unable to be contained. Her smile was so wide it hurt. Finally, after nearly a minute of this, she simply sat still, spent but happy, an idiotic grin plastered on her face. She stayed like that, watching the waning light, enjoying the simple delight of breathing, of being alive.

Then, like a fly buzzing in her ear, a jolt of sudden memory startled her as she recalled that she still hadn’t washed her hands. As she remembered it, she threw her head back, eyes closed, and laughed again, a loud, side-splitting guffaw at the wonderful absurdity. Tears poured down her cheeks and her face hurt, but she didn’t care. Today was a good day, the best day she could remember for a long, long time.

###

Lily stood by herself, unsure of how to fit in. She had ridden to Aaron Donohue’s house with two classmates of hers, whom, she had to admit, she didn’t even know all that well. Conversation had been mainly between those two, and now that they had arrived, they were nowhere to be seen. The three of them had been welcomed into the house by Aaron with a generic ardor which seemed unrelated to any particular fondness he had for any of the guests. For all she knew, it made zero difference to him or anyone else here whether she were here or not. She was nothing more than another face in the yearbook, another name on the list.

Still, it was hard to complain, since being here meant free food and—hopefully eventually—fun. Lily had grabbed a paper plate and loaded it up with a variety of snack foods, filled a cup with Coke, and found a spot where she could eat. There weren’t any free seats, and the majority of the guests were standing. So, she stood close up against a wall near an indoor plant. As she nibbled the contents of her plate, she looked around, trying to find anyone she knew, at least knew well enough to talk to. A couple of fellow graduates, spotting her, gave a quick congratulations on being valedictorian with an enthusiasm which surprised her, given their lack of any real connection. Still, it helped her feel a little more at ease.

After about fifteen minutes of general mingling of those present, with the constant addition of new arrivals, Aaron Donohue himself stood on a chair and yelled to get everyone’s attention. Despite his raised voice, Lily still couldn’t make out what he was saying very closely. The gist that she derived, more or less, was something along the lines of thank-you-for-coming-and-please-don’t-break-anything, followed by a zealous toast to the class. Lily had finished her Coke by now and went for a refill. As she did so, she nearly bumped into someone else at the refreshments table. Looking over with an “excuse me,” she saw it was River Sanders, a friend of hers in the class. Recognition lit up both their faces, and they went in for a hug.

“Lily! Hi! Congratulations!” She squeezed Lily tightly.

“Thanks! Congrats to you too!”

“Haha, thanks, but I meant for being valedictorian. You gave a great speech!”

“Oh, haha. Thanks.” Lily found herself blushing, remembering what she had been going through during her address—and, more importantly, what had been going through her.

“Hey, you don’t need to be modest. I’m serious. You did a great job.”

A slight lull followed, pregnant with the melancholy of knowing that inevitable change lay before them. Lily was about to ask some kind of question about what River would be doing for the summer when River lowered her voice and leaned in. “Hey, guess what.” Without waiting for Lily’s response, she continued. “Aaron’s older brother was able to sneak us in a keg. It’s kept hidden in the garage.”

“A keg? Like…of beer?”

River laughed conspiratorially. “Yeah. Want me to go get you some?”

Lily had never had beer before, though not out of a devotion to legality. Rather, she tended not to be invited to the kinds of places where alcohol was readily available to the underage. Faced with the opportunity now, and feeling a sense of liberation and adolescence from having graduated an hour earlier, she nodded, giggling mischievously. River winked at her and slipped away into the crowd.

Two minutes later, she showed up again, carefully holding two red Solo cups. Extending her arm, she held one out for Lily. Taking the cold, condensation-laden plastic in her hand, Lily peered inquisitively inside. A pale, amber-colored liquid was suspended within, effervescing enticingly, with flecks of foam floating around the surface, nearly sloshing over the brim. Lily stared at it for a few seconds, fascinated.

River winked again. “Bottoms up.” She then proceeded to down the entire cup in one draught. Lily, smiling devilishly, put the cup to her lips and sipped. Almost immediately she gagged on the surprisingly yeasty bitterness and accidentally inhaled. This led to coughing and sputtering fit as she tried to keep from spewing the beer all over the floor. She simultaneously tried to suppress it, not wanting to look like a lightweight.

River laughed. “It’s something else, huh?” Lily nodded, still clutching her chest as her eyes watered. “Just try it slowly at first, and you’ll get used to it.”

Lily gave it a shot and managed the first cup. By the time she had gotten to the bottom, it didn’t seem quite as nasty as when she’d begun, and she felt a certain self-satisfaction at imbibing an “adult beverage.” She burped as River, watching her reaction, asked, “So, whaddaya think?”

Lily looked at her empty cup, then back at River. “Let’s go get some more.”

The two giggling ingenues slipped away from the general party into the forbidden, very much grown-up area in the garage. They walked in to find it more densely populated than Lily expected. Even though there was no music here, and it was only lit by a single bulb in the ceiling, there were teenagers lining the walls and out the open door. Lily was a bit taken aback. Here her fellow classmates were not just drinking beer, but also smoking cigarettes, sharing joints, and couples were making out. Her impish smile faded, and she suddenly just wanted to get out, go back to where things were safe, where she wouldn’t get caught up in anything she’d regret. Before she had a chance to voice any of these concerns to River, though, or even make a move on her own, one of the senior guys spotted her and announced loudly, “Hey, look! The valedictorian’s here!”

In an instant everyone’s attention was glued to Lily. Somehow, the fact that she, the top of the class, would come to where they, the party animals and lowlifes, would hang out, seemed to make her something of a celebrity. In an instant she was handed a beer bottle. The students all watched with rapt curiosity as she took a swig, evidently astonished that she didn’t immediately spit it out. The next thing she knew, she was also offered a drag of weed (she refused), and at least three guys were surrounding her, asking about her and making jokes with faces full of prurient, rakish attention. She was totally unused to this kind of treatment and found she couldn’t stop smiling. Then one of the guys by her asked if she’d ever played beer pong.

Lily shook her head. “No, what is it?”

The guys around her all looked at each other with bemused glee. The one who had asked her in the first place patted her arm and said, “Here. Let me show you.”

###

The last of the daylight was almost totally gone by the time Angelica arrived at The Roaster and Coaster. As she pulled into the parking lot, she hoped that Brian hadn’t been waiting too long, assuming he was here. She realized she didn’t actually know what car he had. Pulling into an empty spot, she turned off her headlights and engine, grabbed her clutch, and stepped out. The night breeze was noticeably cooler, but not cold.

As she neared the doors to the coffee shop, she was glad to see that Brian was standing just inside, watching through the glass for her. As she approached, he used one arm to swing open the door for her. She gave him a quick little flirtatious “thank you” as she passed the threshold. Once inside, she could take in the atmosphere. The most prominent sensation, naturally, was the rich aroma of ground coffee beans. It hung in the air with a soothing, velvety warmth, which was only enhanced by the décor. Angelica breathed in a gasp of wonder. Almost every surface that she could see was paneled with wood, ranging from roughly hewn to very roughly hewn, causing the lambent golden glow from the few lights in the ceiling to draw the whole ambience close together, like huddling tightly in a log cabin. It felt cozy and safe, and Angelica instinctively wanted to nuzzle herself close to Brian.

They stepped up to the counter and Brian turned to her. “What do you want? I’m paying.” Angelica faced him, smiling on one side at this display of gallantry. When she didn’t immediately answer, he continued. “I usually get the dark Colombian roast with milk. I hear that their cinnamon latte is really good, too, though.”

Angelica gave a nod of confidence. “I’ll get that, then. Only, decaf, please. I don’t want to be up all night.”

Brian chuckled a bit and then gave the order to the barista, a middle-aged man, who Angelica guessed was the owner. As Brian purchased their coffees, she let her gaze rove around the shop. There were only a handful of other patrons here at the moment, most likely because of the time of day. Each seemed to be engrossed in their own business, however, which made Angelica feel more at ease. She was antsy enough about being here with Brian, alone, and the less aware she could be of other people, or rather, the less aware they were of her, the better.

Once he had finished the transaction, Brian led Angelica over to a little niche in the corner of the shop, dimly lit by an antique lamp on the table. Both of them sat, then didn’t speak for a few seconds, causing Angelica to laugh nervously again out of awkwardness. Brian laughed as well, then spoke up. “Well, Angelica, I guess I asked you to coffee because I wanted to catch up.”

“Catch up?”

“Yeah. I mean, we used to talk more, but then we kind of stopped. I just mean I miss it. I, I miss…it. It was nice talking to you.”

Angelica felt abashed. He had no idea how much she loved it too, but then—then the affair at the amusement park had happened. She lowered her gaze, feeling remorseful.

Brian was about to say something else when his name was called from the counter. As he stood to retrieve their drinks, Angelica took stock of her feelings. Did she still like Brian? Yes, yes she did. Very much so. Could he like her back? Maybe. So far he hadn’t rejected her. So what was the problem? Yes, she had made a mistake in letting her thoughts get skewed by an artificial sexual bond…but should that mistake hold her back? Weren’t mistakes things to learn from and not do again, rather than catalysts for further and further mistakes? Was she really going to let her own misstep ruin her chances with Brian, especially since he knew nothing about it?

As these questions blazed through her head in an instant and Brian began returning to the table, Angelica summoned her willpower to make an earnest resolution that nothing but a clear rejection from him would make her lose her nerve afresh. She was not going to let him slip out of her life again. This determination must have been visible on her face, because when he sat and handed her her latte, Brian saw her expression and asked, “What is it?”

Angelica hadn’t noticed, but she had evidently been staring holes in him. She caught herself, blushed slightly, and answered, “Nothing.” Turning her attention to her cup, she inhaled the redolent vapors steaming off the surface. Then she faced Brian again and asked, “Where should I start?”

###

Lily was having fun, no doubt—at least, she was pretty sure she was. Jay—that had been the name of the first cute boy—had shown her how to play beer pong before proceeding to trounce her thoroughly at it. They had started with ten cups each, and she had only gotten two of his before he finished off all of hers. By the time she had downed her fourth cup, she had begun to feel a little lightheaded, and after her eighth, River gave her a cup of water and said that maybe she should take a little break. Lily had found she needed to put more and more active focus into standing straight. Once she had drunk the water, she felt better enough to stand up and put Jay in his place. But for some strange reason, her ping-pong ball kept flying wide of the target. They must have given her a dud.

It also seemed as though everyone around her was finding her enormously funny, for some reason. She wasn’t doing anything unusual, or different from how she normally acted. It was everyone else who were the funny ones! After she had been made to drink her tenth and last cup of beer, she had gone to take her turn and get one of Jay’s cups, but then he said that the game was over, and she just could not stop laughing at that. It was something about how he said it—it wasn’t funny unless you could have been there. And then the lights couldn’t seem to stay still, and she thought she had better sit again.

River came over and put her arm on Lily’s shoulder. “Hey, Lily, maybe you should take a break for a little bit, huh?” Lily looked up at her to see her face bearing an expression of concern mingled with amusement. Then when she tried to say something in reply, she burped and burst out giggling again. River just laughed lightly as well and stood there, letting Lily lean against her. After a minute or so, she left and came back with another cup of water. After Lily finished drinking it, she sat still for a few minutes, trying to get her equilibrium back.

As she sat there, feeling oddly warm and woozy, her wobbly gaze drifted over the room again. River had been the only person in here with her that she had known, at least, known well. Most of the others here (though it was hard to make her eyes focus) she recognized as being the troubled and troublemaking kids in her class. Wait, was that who she was hanging out with now? She had a sudden alarmed thought that she shouldn’t be here, she shouldn’t be associating with this crowd, doing whatever this crowd did. She made what felt to her like an abrupt move to stand up and leave, but attempting to do so made her head spin, and she sat down again with a moan.

Settling once more into her chair, her stare unexpectedly landed on a face she actually did recognize. Standing off in one of the corners, puffing on a cigarette half outside in the night, was Sam.

Lily’s face fell. She and Sam had been in the same class, but it was big enough that they had never had to cross paths. Which was something Lily hadn’t ever wanted to do, ever since the one time when they had, several years back. The two of them had worked together on a hayride at an annual harvest festival, and when Lily had needed to pee, Sam had teased her until she wet her pants. She was sure that Sam had told everyone about it at their school, only bolstering the rumors about her proclivity towards incontinence.

Now, seeing her again, Lily realized that all the drinks she had had up to now had to go somewhere, and her bladder was filling. She leaned forward and began to raise herself, more delicately this time, to go find a bathroom. But then Jay and one of the other two guys were standing there, right in front of her.

“Hey, Lily, how’re you feeling? Can I get you another drink?” Jay’s face looked almost too eager.

“Uhhh, no, prob’ly not.” Lily had to focus on forming her words. She wanted to go pee, but felt a little too bashful to tell Jay.

“Well, listen, a bunch of us are gonna head back to the school for our senior prank. You wanna come?”

Lily tried to process his words. “What’s…a senior prank?”

The other guy shared an elfin grin with Jay, then spoke up. “It’s where we all go pull some kind of prank that would probably get us expelled, but it’s too late ’cause we’ve already graduated.”

Lily still felt unsteady on her feet, and she could feel her bladder filling even more, but now both of the cute guys were smiling at her, and she could feel herself blushing. Besides, it sounded like fun. When was she ever one to turn down adventure? She smiled back, a giggle percolating from her mouth, and answered, “Sure! Sounds fun!”

Jay put his hand on her arm. “Great! I’ll make sure you get a ride with someone.”

Lily giggled again, momentarily touching his shoulder back. As he walked off, flashing her another smile as he did so, Lily told herself that she’d use a bathroom when they got back. She had never been invited to do something with the “cool kids” before, and it felt good. Standing there excitedly but swaying slightly, she looked over at River, who was by the door into the house. River was watching her with a face that looked increasingly worried. What was that for? Lily felt annoyed and turned and looked back toward Sam. Sam was also looking at her now, though with a scowl like icy daggers.

###

Angelica laughed as she came close to finishing her mocha. After her latte, when it felt like their conversation only just getting started, Brian offered to get her another coffee. When he said he had always been curious to try their mocha, Angelica elected to get it so he could have a sip. He, on the other hand, had barely touched his own coffee. Maybe he wasn’t that thirsty.

By now, once the initial coarse attempts at conversation had been overcome, the two of them had settled into an easy groove of banter. Angelica’s earlier excitement and nervousness about this time feeling like a date had melted away into comfortable familiarity. It was like what their phone conversations used to be like. She had told him about how business classes were going, and he had elaborated on his plans for the summer. It felt less like what she imagined a date would feel like and more like spending time with a friend, albeit a friend she was attracted to. But that was only at the periphery of her thoughts.

Something else that was at the edges of her awareness but was steadily encroaching was the effects the coffee was having on her. Despite the fact that she had almost wet herself earlier that day—or possibly because of that—her bladder felt more sensitive to being filled. Besides, wasn’t coffee a…whatever the word was for the thing that makes you pee? She was sure she had heard that was the case. It was fine, though. They were in a coffee shop and a toilet was just a demure excuse and brief intermission away. Right now, Brian was telling her a story from trade school of the time a classmate had almost lit his shirt on fire with a soldering iron. He was a natural storyteller, and Angelica listened, captivated.

Brian sighed as he brought his anecdote to a close. “It’s great to talk to you again, Angie. Sorry, Angelica. Do—do you mind if I call you Angie? I guess I haven’t asked.”

Angelica smiled, one corner of her mouth lifting. “Yes, of course. I, I mean, no, no, I don’t mind. You can call me Angie. I—I like it.” You can call me whatever you want and I’ll like it.

Brian smiled. “Thanks. I guess I’ve wanted to call you that for a long time, but I didn’t know if it would be out of place or something. I just—I don’t know, I think I always just felt more comfortable, more…familiar around you. Like you were my little sister.”

Angelica had to struggle to keep from reacting to that comment. Little sister? Is that how he saw her? Despite her efforts to keep the shock and disappointment from registering in her face, her eyes must have flashed, because Brian immediately closed his eyes and put a hand on his forehead in chagrin. “Ah, no. That came out wrong. Not like you were my sister. Just…more like…I don’t know, it just always felt good to be around you, and to know you were doing well. That’s why I was happy when you started texting me out of the blue. I had been wanting to get back in touch, but I didn’t know if it would seem too…I don’t know, creepy?”

Angelica tittered, partly from Brian’s awkwardness and mostly from relief. “I think I get it. Thanks for clarifying.” She exaggerated the last part, laughing again. “I always liked being around you, too.” Oops, was that too much? But Brian had said the same thing, hadn’t he? She wanted to be careful to not go further than he did in expressing how she felt, but it was a precarious line to toe. And now her need to pee was greater, and maybe she should just excuse herself.

Just then, though, Brian scooted his chair closer to hers and leaned towards her. He didn’t speak right away, but the air between them felt suddenly hushed, as if the conversation were about to turn toward something of portentous significance, and Angelica found herself moving closer in response, waiting for him to say something. He looked down, then up, then around, seeming to ponder his words. As he struggled to begin, Angelica watched him intently, amazed again at how handsome he was, her feelings for him quickly becoming central in her consciousness again. In a moment, the atmosphere had shifted towards one of joyful solemnity, and it felt much closer to Angelica’s idea of what a date would feel like. She waited patiently for him to find his voice. Say it, Brian. Tell me what you really feel.

His eyes made contact with hers and he laughed nervously. “I, I’m glad we could spend some time catching up together, Angelica—Angie.” He smiled at her.

She returned his smile, staring deep into his eyes. Don’t be afraid, Brian. Show me where your heart lies. “I am too.”

Their eyes held each other with a magnetic intensity, communicating wordlessly. Angelica subtly licked her lips in anticipation. She was almost absolutely sure that the romantic tension she felt was mutual, and nearing a breaking point. In response to her excitement, though, her bladder began constricting involuntarily, and she had to actively squeeze her muscles to keep from releasing a spurt. Time seemed to stretch out and condense all of her existence into this moment, heightening her senses. She was aware of every mottled variation in Brian’s irises, the hiss of the espresso machine off by the bar, the sensation of her black dress hanging on her shoulders, and, unfortunately, the feeling of her practically-dry-by-now panties pressing up against her sphincter, which was at the brink of treacherous release. She felt more alive than she could ever remember, yet at the same time, on the verge of panic.

Suddenly Brian seemed to lose his nerve and pulled back, clearing his throat. Angelica also straightened, trying not to feel crestfallen. Now that that was over, maybe she should actually go use the bathroom. She lifted her cup to her lips, first finishing off her mocha.

But then Brian spoke. “Hey, I’ve got an idea. I know a place I’d like to show you.”

Angelica swallowed her coffee and placed the cup down. “Really? Where?”

Brian’s eyes twinkled. Even if he had only suggested it to break the tension, he nonetheless appeared legitimately excited. “It’s a surprise.” When Angelica raised an eyebrow, he continued. “Don’t worry, it’s nothing sketchy or anything. But I can show you once we get there. It’s probably only about fifteen minutes from here.” His face was full of adventure.

Angelica eyed him for a moment in mock suspicion. “All right, I’m down. Lead on, sir knight.”

Brian grinned wider and stood. “Great! So…I’ll drive and you follow me? Or do you…want to ride with me?”

Angelica considered for a moment. “I’ll follow in my car.” Better safe than sorry.

Brian rubbed his hands together excitedly and began heading for the door. As Angelica followed him, he opened it for her and she strolled through, smirking coquettishly as she passed him. He walked to his car—a gray Kia two spaces down from hers—and called out, “I’ll try not to drive too fast.”

Angelica slid into her own car and started the engine, watching out her side window for Brian’s car to exit the parking lot first so she could go after. It was only after they had both driven out and gotten on the freeway that she remembered she still hadn’t peed. Shifting in her seat, she frowned. Hopefully there would be a toilet where they were going.

###

Lily was squished, along with four others, in the back seat of a Honda Civic. At least three of them were skinny girls, like herself. But the fourth was a guy she had never seen before, and one of the girls had to sit on his lap. He had his hands on her thighs, which kept making her laugh drunkenly and slap them away. Lily guessed they were boyfriend and girlfriend? At least she hoped they were. She imagined if she had had to be the one to sit on some guy’s lap and what that would be like. It would probably feel super awkward, having some guy’s crotch pressed up against your butt. Maybe it would be different if it were Jay…but Jay wasn’t in this car, to her disappointment.

The loud revelry in the car, the cramped quarters, the various smells of alcohol and marijuana and tobacco were all exacerbating her queasiness from the beer she’d drunk. She wanted to be a part of the voluble interactions surrounding her, but right now she was mostly concentrating on burping out some of the pressure in her stomach, trying very hard to keep from bringing anything else up with it. Not to mention she had to pee pretty bad by now. Her hips were squeezed in tightly between the girls on either side of her, making it difficult to squirm in her seat as her bladder bulged out against the waist of her shorts. Not a single seatbelt was fastened.

She knew that they were evidently headed back to the school building, which thankfully was not far from Aaron’s house, judging by how short of a ride it had been to get there after graduation. Her concentration was vacillating between keeping the liquid inside at one end and keeping it inside at the other. She didn’t want to think about what it would be like if she suddenly had to lurch over and puke on the floor, but she felt even more fearful of peeing herself. She could imagine losing control with a whimper, her hot urine flooding her shorts, unnoticed by the other occupants until it spread out over the seat and got their rear ends wet, too. All the better that she wasn’t the one sitting on a guy’s lap.

The utterly mortifying thought of soaking her pants on top of him, with his undoubtedly enraged reaction once he realized what was happening, but her inability to stop or get off, instead having to totally empty herself all over his groin—she couldn’t conceive of anything more humiliating. She could feel her face go red with hypothetical embarrassment, then she abruptly belched as the thought made her insides tighten. With one hand, she covered her mouth, careful to keep anything but air from escaping, and with the other, she quickly grabbed her crotch and squeezed. She had to think of something else.

To her relief, it was at that moment that the car turned into the parking lot of the school. As it pulled into an empty spot near the extreme side of the building and turned off, all the passengers were able to vacate their sardine can and stretch. Lily stood slowly, still feeling lightheaded and carsick, and gulped down the fresh air greedily. At least her head was a little clearer by now. Two other cars were nearby, having apparently only arrived a little before hers, and evidently just as full. The group of twenty-some-odd graduates was starting to gather loosely together.

Lily glanced around. The parking lot was nearly deserted, a pronounced change from its overly crowded state only a few hours earlier. The building also was dark and abandoned, all the vigor from the day and indeed the past school year having dissipated into quiescent estivation. It seemed so surreal, that just days before this was where their daily life centered—tests, papers, subjects, all learning, learning, learning—and now they were free. The world was open before them, and anything seemed possible. She thought back to her valedictory address and how she had earned it, thought about all the hard work put in and how it had paid off. And now look where she was. Drunk, hanging out with a bunch of the delinquent kids, about to do something potentially illegal, and to top it off, on the verge of peeing herself. For the second time that day. She crossed her legs tightly and took a deep breath.

But hold on. Was it really as bad as all that? After all, she had put in a bunch of hours, nose to the grindstone, working her tail off. She earned being valedictorian? Darn right, she did. Well, then she earned a night off, too. She’d impressed everyone, including herself; she could let her hair down for one night. Gosh, with all those dour contemplations of gloom, she had been sounding almost like Angie. A single night of partying wouldn’t ruin her life. As long as mom doesn’t find out, at least. She chuckled to herself at that last thought.

As she laughed off the inchoate and still nascent concerns before they could mature, she felt a lessening of the pressure in her bladder also. A quick gasp and hand to the crotch allayed suspicions of having started to pee involuntarily. In her tipsy state, she wasn’t sure if she would feel a loss of bladder control. But no, everything was still perfectly dry, and she was feeling good. Could it really be that the secret to urinary continence all this time was simply to not worry about it? Boy, wouldn’t that be great! Just don’t worry about it. She smiled daftly to herself. Tonight’s gonna be my don’t-worry-about-it night. Silly old Angie. Where has worrying ever gotten you?

She was still on the outskirts of the teenagers, who had formed a diffuse crowd by one of the cars. They were now busy carousing and smoking, and Lily wondered if any of them had actually come up with a prank to pull, or if this were just a place where they could keep partying. After standing by herself for close to half a minute, hands in her back pockets, she was approached by Jay. He had apparently come in one of the earlier carpools.

“Hey, Lily, you want another drink?” He held out a beer bottle to her.

Lily hesitated for a split second. Sure, he was cute, but was this the only way he knew how to converse? Then she remembered her mantra for tonight. Don’t worry about it. Oh, yeah. She grinned back at him and accepted the bottle from his hand, taking a swig. Her vision was still a little blurry around the edges, though, so she eased up, figuring it would be better to pace herself. Jay hovered close by her, his free hand occasionally brushing the side of her arm. She didn’t pull away.

“You’re, like, pretty cool, Lily. I didn’t think the top of our class would know how to party.”

Lily giggled and touched her face, blushing. “Yeah, well, me neither before tonight!”

“Yeah, so, like, me and you should hang out. Maybe you could help me study.”

Lily laughed and hit him playfully on the arm. “We just graduated, silly!”

Jay laughed with her but didn’t clarify what he meant. Instead he just stood there, his fingers lightly caressing her elbow, watching with a keen expression as she took another sip of beer.

Just then, one of the senior guys stood up on the trunk of one of the cars and cupped his hands over his mouth. “Hey! Everyone follow me! We’re gonna go streaking on the football field!”

This was met with various incoherent cheers from the rest of the youth, though Lily had a feeling they would have cheered at almost anything by this point. En masse, the crowd started trailing after the leader, leaving their cars and walking in the grass along the side of the building. Once they reached the corner, he removed his shoes and socks, then emptied his pockets, leaving a pile close up by the brick wall of the school. Then, with an exaggerated sensual gyration, he began to remove his shirt. His bare chest didn’t look exceptionally well-defined, at least to Lily’s estimation, but that didn’t stop a chorus of bawdy catcalls emanating from the rest of her classmates. After tossing his shirt with the rest of his things, he unbuttoned his jeans, bent over, flashed an irreverent grin to his spectators, and removed pants and underwear in one smooth motion. As he stood up straight in all his glory, a cacophony of whistles, hoots, and guffaws rang out from his audience.

Lily dropped her eyes, turning red. Sure, maybe this was just a bit of harmless fun, but she had never seen a naked guy before, and she felt uncomfortable, even though she wasn’t the unclothed one. Still, everyone else seemed okay with it, so how bad could it be? She cautiously lifted her gaze again, letting it linger on the space between his legs. It was one thing to see diagrams in a textbook, but there was the real thing. Then she suddenly realized that her mouth was hanging open and she snapped it shut, blushing anew.

By this time, another one of the guys was undressing, and so was one of the girls. She appeared to enjoy teasing everyone watching her with her amateur peep show, bending over at the waist with her bottom swaying salaciously toward the horny guys as she pulled off her pants. She then straightened, unstrapped her bra, and looked over her shoulder at the crowd, arching her back so her rear end stuck out and holding her arms over her chest. The thirsty cries from her oglers reached a crescendo as she turned and held her arms behind her head, letting her breasts drop on clear display. Lily subconsciously crossed her arms in front of her own chest, amazed at the brazenness of her classmates.

Now that the first guys and first girl had taken the plunge, more began to join them. These newcomers didn’t bother with putting on a show; they merely quickly and efficiently removed their clothing, making piles of their own by the wall. Those who had already undressed by now had started sprinting off across the football field, which was still brightly illuminated by its all-night floodlights.

Jay put his hand on Lily’s arm and turned to her. “Hey, you wanna join them?”

Lily didn’t know how to respond. Even she wasn’t that daring. “I, uh, I don’t know…”

Jay laughed. “Come on. It’ll be fun. What’s the worst that could happen?” Then he gave her that grin of his again, his eyes quickly going down and up her body. “You’ve got nothing to be embarrassed about. You’re pretty hot, you know that?”

Lily blinked in surprise. Her, hot? She had always thought of herself as too reedy to be considered conventionally attractive. Maybe a 5/10, tops, but she was skinny and her breasts were on the smaller side. Did he really think so? She found herself blushing in spite of herself.

Jay laughed again. “I’ll join you. You don’t want to leave me out there by myself, do you?”

Lily giggled nervously, then took another swallow of beer. She had to admit, she wanted to see what Jay would look like without any clothes on. Besides, it wasn’t as if she’d be the only one out there. Don’t worry about it. She scrunched up her mouth in momentary deliberation, then smiled widely. “Sure, let’s do it!”

Jay gave her a wink, and they both set about the task of disrobing. She could hear the sound of the other seniors, about fifteen in total, already on the field, whooping impiously. Taking one last swig from her bottle, she set it down on the grass, then pulled her phone out of her back pocket and placed it on the ground as well.

She was just about to start untying her shoes when a bright beam of light shot in their direction from the far end of the parking lot. A loud voice yelled angrily from its source. “Hey! What are you doing?” Lily’s heart lodged in her throat and stopped at the same time. They had been caught. She was immediately on her feet again, but then she froze, not knowing what to do, her brain overwhelmed with alarm. The light was wobbling erratically, no doubt meaning that the person holding it was approaching, and fast. With assorted shrieks and chaotic shouts, the seniors scattered like cockroaches, most not even stopping to grab their clothes.

With their prank now having collapsed into total disorder, the unwise juveniles ran every which way, with no coherent thought about what to do. Lily, seeing everyone else take off, likewise bolted, not knowing where she was going. Jay was no longer anywhere to be seen. She thought that maybe he would be by the parking lot, or maybe someone would be there who could drive them away, away to safety. She sprinted back the way they had come, even though it was towards their spotter. If she could just round the corner before he was upon her, maybe she could still escape.

As soon as she was back on the concrete of the lot, she angled sharply away from the light. To her dismay, she could see no one by the cars they had taken to get there. It didn’t matter anymore. Right now, the only thing she had to do was run, keep running, not get caught. Terror seized her as she rushed pell-mell through the empty parking lot, limbs jerking wildly, uncoordinated by fear and by alcohol. Her vision was beginning to blur, both with exertion and with the frightened tears now spilling out over her face. She had been so stupid to come here tonight. Now they were all going to get caught and go to jail for underage drinking. What was she going to do?

She didn’t stop until she found herself clear on the other side of the parking lot, facing grass again. Panting and gasping, she stopped by a car parked near the edge, one of the few that had still been there when they had arrived. She looked out at the field of grass that extended beyond, going out to the main road. Where could she go now?

A hiss off to her side made her yelp and jump. She turned her head, startled, to see a figure huddled behind the car. The shadowy person suddenly reached up and grabbed her arm, yanking her forcefully down to the pavement. Lily tried to pull away and get back up, but then she saw in the dark a familiar face. It was Sam, now whispering feverish admonitions for silence, leaning in close to Lily with a finger in front of her lips. Lily hadn’t even seen Sam come with the rest of them. Still breathless and panicked, she immediately began blubbering half-formed questions interspersed with sobs.

Sam responded by reaching over and clapping a hand over Lily’s mouth. “Shut up! Shut up, Lily! You’re gonna get us both caught!” Lily tried to breathe, tried to quell her crying, but she was still shaking severely. In addition, her need to pee from earlier was now returning with a vengeance, and she could feel her bladder quivering with anxiety. She clenched her muscles, trying to stay in control, her thighs tensing up all the way down to her knees.

In the dark, though, her muffled weeping was the only sound beside the crickets and night breeze. The earlier commotion and the person who had found them—probably a faculty member—couldn’t be heard at all. Lily had run the whole length of the parking lot, and Sam had come just as far—could it be that they had gotten away? At least both of them still had their clothes on. Was the coast clear enough for them to disappear into the night, unnoticed? Lily’s tears began to abate slightly as her fear loosened its grip.

Sam evidently had the same idea and raised herself up from her crouch to survey the parking lot, letting go of Lily’s mouth. Lily inhaled deeply through her mouth and wiped her nose, sniffling. If no one was out there, they could simply leave. Then she remembered dolefully that she didn’t have her cell phone with her. Could she wait nearby and come get it when it was safe to do so? Or…would it be found and traced back to her, landing her in trouble anyway? Could that even be done?

But before these thoughts could be answered, Sam dropped low, breathing out an adrenaline-fueled exhalation. She whispered, the barely audible whisper of the escaped convict, “Crap! It’s the principal. He’s right over there. What is he still doing here?”

As soon as it had started to lessen, Lily’s fear surged back with a vengeance, electrifying every nerve and setting her hair on end. Her breathing and heartrate quickened, and her eyes welled up with tears again. Against her will, a sob burst out, making Sam clamp a frenzied hand over her mouth again, sternly shushing her. In her scared and miserable state, Lily could feel her bladder tightening and pain shooting throughout her lower abdomen and crotch. She really wished that she had peed before coming here, or better yet, that she hadn’t come here at all.

###

After a few minutes alone in the car, with nothing to think about except her filling bladder and eager anticipation of where they were going (which only accentuated her filling bladder), Angelica began to worry. They had gotten off the freeway only two exits after getting on, but now he was leading her on a dark and deserted rural road in the middle of absolute nowhere. She had no idea what could be around here that Brian would want to show her, which meant that either the trip would be longer than he said, or else there probably wouldn’t be restrooms. Neither option felt very comforting at the moment. It didn’t help that he was driving slower than normal to make sure she could follow.

As it turned out, though, Brian had been right about the spot being no more than fifteen minutes away. Without warning, he turned on his hazard lights and slowed even more. Angelica checked her rearview mirror instinctively to make sure nobody was behind them, even though the entire surroundings were dark as far as she could see. After they both decreased speed to nearly a crawl, he finally pulled off onto the gravel shoulder and turned off his engine. Angelica did the same and sat, craning her neck to try to see anything at all. All that greeted her gaze was the full moon illuminating rows of woods on either side. Where were they?

Brian was now out of his car and approaching her window, his face still beaming. Angelica immediately felt his infectious enthusiasm start to seep into her as well, only amplified by her feelings for him. But part of her still held back. What was this place, after all? Her bladder pulsed and tensed inside her, and she rolled down her window halfway and tried to ask in a manner that wouldn’t sound too accusatory. “Where are we, Brian?”

In response, he merely straightened up and stared off into the trees, pointing. She squinted in the direction he was looking, but couldn’t see anything. Her face of confusion as she turned back toward him elicited a laugh. “Come on, Angie, I’ll show you!”

Tentatively, she opened her door and stepped out onto the gravelly dirt. She could feel her urine sloshing as she stood, and she bit on her tongue to keep from wincing. Whatever this place was, she knew she definitely couldn’t stay long. Mincing delicately after him towards the trees, she wrapped her arms around herself, a chilly night breeze now blowing through the starlit sky. He stopped about ten feet off from the road and stood still, facing into the woods. She walked up beside him, still hugging herself. Her eyes were adjusting to the dark, and other than seeing that the ground dropped off sharply into a basin a few feet further, she couldn’t tell what he was looking at. She suppressed a shiver and clenched her thighs together.

“See, it’s down there.” He extended his arm again, trying to help her see. She leaned forward, straining to catch what he was pointing at, all the while discreetly wiggling her leg to keep her mind off her need to pee. She could see the woods stretching out into the depression beside the road, and farther off, through the trees, faint lights off another road…but then, closer to them, at the bottom of the embankment, she could make out tiny shimmers, like light on water. And then, all at once, she could tell that it was the moonlight reflecting off a medium-sized body of water, like a fishing lake.

She turned back to Brian, who had a look of impish amusement on his face. She didn’t even ask a question; the shake she gave her head combined with the look of bafflement did that for her. He had brought her out of civilization to show her…a pond?

He laughed again, good-naturedly. “That,” he said, nodding toward the water, “is the lake I never got to show you.” When it was clear by her expression that she wasn’t following, he continued. “Those years ago, at Collins Farms. Remember? That was the first real time we got to spend together.”

Angelica was astonished. She stood there, gazing at him in amazement. He recalled that day…fondly? And enough to actually bring her back after all this time to fulfill a high school promise? That was the day she thought she had ruined her chances with him. Her throat and lips suddenly felt dry, and she swallowed. When she spoke, her voice was barely more than a cracked whisper. “You—you remember that?”

He nodded, the lighthearted gaiety in his face transforming into something more profound, taking on a depth of maturity. The seriousness in his countenance did nothing to diminish the happiness in his eyes, however; on the contrary, it enhanced it, solidifying it and crystallizing it into something realer—something like joy. It was as if she could see the puppy love from when they were kids metamorphose into actual, genuine, authentic…

And then her bladder tensed up again and she was snapped out of the moment. Crap. Why now? Something big, something lifechanging was happening here, and she really didn’t want to have to cut it short. As best as she could without drawing attention to herself, she clenched her sphincter, tightening her butt muscles, and crossed one ankle over the other.

Brian spoke, facing the lake again, the night wind ruffling his hair. “Yeah, this is the closest we can get to it, unfortunately. I meant to show it to you for real back then. I thought it would be special. But then we got lost, and…you…” He trailed off, leaving her to fill in the blanks. What he left out was that they had gotten lost when she really needed to use the bathroom, and she had ended up wetting her pants. Just perfect. She could have had this conversation at any other time. Why did it have to be now, when she had to pee again? She could feel the tingling sparks of stinging desperation in her lower abdomen and wished she could sit down, at least.

As she stood there biting on her lip, she must have been fidgeting visibly, because Brian suddenly noticed and turned back to her again. “Oh. Here.” In one smooth motion he removed his charcoal suit jacket and wrapped it around Angelica’s shoulders. He must have assumed she was shivering with cold. She should be so lucky. And now she was reminded of the first (and only) time she had worn Brian’s jacket, and it was that same day at the harvest festival, right after she had peed her pants.

Here she was again, at the lake, with Brian, wearing his jacket—her thoughts went back to what she had been contemplating during the graduation ceremony, the strange connection between Brian and her accidents; and then they went further back, back to the year before, at the Davises’ house, where she had peed herself in a bizarre pantomime of earlier incidents. Twice. Was this going to be the same? As apprehension began polluting her brain, she could feel her urine weighing heavily inside her, stretching her bladder painfully. No. That time at the harvest festival, she had felt too timorous to be decisive, instead merely passively seeing where things went. She wouldn’t just stand here and do the same. It was time to be resolute.

“Brian,” she said, her tone even and almost with a hint of sovereign dignity, “why don’t you tell me why you really brought me here?”

###

Lily sat, trembling and petrified, against the car. Tears were still flowing from her eyes and sobs catching in her throat, unable to be held back. Sam held her hand firmly over Lily’s mouth, keeping her as quiet as she could, and occasionally raised herself up from her crouch to peer through the car window out at the parking lot. Every time she did, she would immediately duck back down again, letting Lily know that the coast was decidedly not clear yet. For her own part, Lily stayed huddled, sweat breaking out on her brow, eyes darting to and fro in terrified suspense.

Her bladder was pulsing incessantly inside her by now. She could feel her pee drumming up against her quivering sphincter, demanding release. As she shook harder in panic, her bladder convulsed rebelliously, threatening to mutiny against her rapidly abating willpower. She had to hold on, though. She couldn’t wet her pants in front of Sam, not again.

Sam was about to hazard a glance out again when Lily moaned slightly louder than normal through Sam’s hand. Sam leaned in close and whispered harshly, “Shut up! Just shut up! We can’t let him know we’re here! We have to stay quiet until he leaves!” Lily tried, but she was still bawling in fear, hot tears pouring out over her cheeks and down Sam’s white knuckles. Her urine was throbbing inside her. Sam looked out again before suddenly ducking low, lower than she had before. Despite her blunt pushiness, Lily could hear the quaver in Sam’s voice. “Oh no, no, no, he’s coming this way.”

Lily whimpered and cried harder, the alcohol in her system rendering her unstrung with terror. Even though her mouth was still covered, she began blubbering hysterics. “They’re gonna throw us in jail for drinking…we’re gonna go to jail and prob’ly get beaten up and molested or something…what’re we gonna do?”

None of these words, of course, were discernable through Sam’s hand, but Sam nonetheless hissed back, “Shut up! Stop making noise!”

Lily shivered even more violently, her bladder tensing up involuntarily inside her and her intestines churning forebodingly. She gripped her crotch with both hands and squeezed her thighs together, her knees bent and drawn up to her chest. Visions of police cars and handcuffs and prison bars flashed through her head, and she felt woozy. She imagined the principal finding them, and standing in front of him—and then later, in front of a cop—with pee pouring down her legs, unable to be contained any longer by her. She squeezed harder, trying to stave off the inevitable, but knowing it was impossible. “I’m gonna wet myself,” she half moaned, half sobbed, “Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, I’m gonna pee myself…I’m peeing my pants…”

She continued to tremble fiercely as a loud hissing began to resound from her crotch. Even though she was clutching herself as tightly as she could with both hands, she could feel the hot urine warming her underwear and shorts and spraying shamefully through her fingers. Closing her eyes and crying louder, she found the sensation of the wet fabric around her private parts to be eroding her resolve and causing her mind to revert to a sense of subconscious infantilism and her body to primal instinct.

Her inhibitions gave way, and the next thing she knew, she was peeing freely into her panties, and hard. She could feel the disgraceful heat expand ignominiously under her posterior, a puddle forming around the sodden, darkened beige of her shorts. Most humiliating, though, was the powerful jet of urine that was plowing through the inept barricade of her shaking hands, arcing in scattered droplets over the moonlit concrete and splashing in her spreading limpid pool of terrified embarrassment.

Sam realized what was happening in a moment. She grimaced, only half out of anger, and whispered sharply, “For crying out loud, Lily, are you seriously peeing yourself right now?” She then squeezed her eyes shut and lowered herself in her crouch until she was folded up as compactly as possible. As Lily stared, Sam stayed that way for a few seconds, not moving. Lily didn’t know what was wrong with her, but her own tears were abating as she continued to empty herself out, the pressure slowly lessening. By now her puddle had grown to nearly three feet, her shorts dark around her crotch and partially up her thighs.

Eventually Sam opened her eyes again, and this time Lily could detect that Sam’s brazen exterior was cracking, revealing legitimate consternation underneath. Sam’s eyes were now full of alarm, and she was biting down firmly on her lower lip. She shifted in her crouch, adjusting her hand on Lily’s mouth as she did so. At the same time, however, Lily saw her other hand go between her legs and start working up and down. A small eternity passed as they waited like this, during which Lily’s bladder finally finished voiding itself with a last few weak spurts into the drenched fabric of her underwear. As Lily’s lower abdomen relaxed somewhat (though she was still shaking with adrenaline), Sam seemed to only grow tenser. Her face conveyed genuine dread, and she appeared to be holding her breath.

After what felt like forever, Sam tentatively raised herself up again to get a look, her hand still between her thighs. As soon as she did, however, she dropped back down instantly, losing her balance. She had to quickly move the hand in her groin out onto the pavement to keep from toppling, planting it with a splish into Lily’s puddle, and her crouch turned into a half-crouch, half-kneel. But then, she did something Lily didn’t expect. Still biting down on her lip, she let out a whimper.

Even through her fear, Lily looked over, wondering what was the matter. Sam bent down lower and seemed to be suddenly breathing very heavily. What was happening to her?

Then Sam whimpered again and whispered, in a voice that almost sounded as if she were going to cry, “Screw you, Lily, look what you made me do.”

Lily didn’t know what she meant, but then Sam lowered her head and actually did start to cry, a quiet, lachrymose display of self-pity that belied her earlier hard-nosed façade. Surprised at this sudden show of vulnerability, Lily gaped as Sam wept harder, her shoulders shaking in dejection. That was when Lily noticed something else, lower down. As she watched, even in the low light, she could see a change happening on the thighs of Sam’s pants. It took a moment to register what she was seeing, but then it clicked. They went from reflecting the moonlight to absorbing it, shiny to dark, and it could only mean one thing.

Sam was wetting her pants, too.

Lily kept staring as Sam thoroughly soaked herself, unable, it seemed, to staunch the flow. Within a few seconds the wet stain had covered the entirety of Sam’s thigh down to her knee, and then a puddle began to expand outward on the concrete. Lily could also hear the dribbling and trickling as Sam’s loss of bladder control extended underneath her butt cheek on her other leg and dripped down from the hamstring. Sam didn’t move or make any attempt to thwart Nature’s course as she continued to flood her pants, joining Lily in self-humiliation. Her urine continued to spread outward over the surface of the parking lot, merging with Lily’s and creeping outward towards where the pavement met grass. As she witnessed such a clear and obvious accident, Lily felt her own bladder contract again, pushing one or two more hot spurts into her underwear, reheating her crotch and bottom in helpless sympathy.

It couldn’t have been more than thirty seconds by the time Sam was finished peeing, and the silent sobs of shock had subsided also. She looked up, her eyes red and her face tear-streaked and angry, and whispered caustically, “Now you made me pee myself too. I hope you’re happy.”

Lily felt her throat tighten up painfully as her eyes welled up again. She hadn’t meant to make Sam also have an accident. It wasn’t enough that she had completely wet her shorts in fear, now Sam was mad at her because she had done the same thing? It wasn’t her fault. Tears began to spill out over her eyelids and down her cheeks again. Why did Sam hate her so much? Why did she even come out here in the first place? Why couldn’t Angie be with her instead of Sam? Angie never got mad when they peed themselves together. She wished she could just go home. Go home and disappear. She wept again, quietly this time, as her inebriated state spun a litany of woe through her hazy mind.

The intensity of panic which had seized both girls earlier was dissipating, leaving them now huddled coldly in damp clothes, with nothing to do but wait as their muscles grew stiff and their faces dried. Lily had no idea what was taking the principal so ridiculously long to simply get in his car and drive away, but based off of Sam’s reactions to her reconnaissance endeavors, he hadn’t done so yet. Her hand was still on Lily’s mouth, not gripping as tightly now, but not willing to risk being removed.

###

Brian looked taken aback, almost startled. “What do you mean?”

Angelica kept her gaze fixed on him, penetrating him, searching him. I am a woman, Brian. I am neither a chit nor a plaything. If you want me, you will have to show me that you are a man, and not a boy or a coward. “I think you know what I mean. You’ve said you’re glad we’re friends. Well, friends don’t take friends out for coffee, then alone to a romantic moonlit lake where they put their jacket over their shoulders.” She closed her mouth and let her words sink in, watching, waiting to see what he would do. Do it, Brian. If you would be my king, step up and accept the crown of manhood.

Brian turned and stared off toward the lake again, his face wrought with pensive gravitas. Twice he seemed close to beginning a sentence, only to lapse back into silence. Angelica said nothing herself, instead letting the weight of the moment rest on him.

Unfortunately, it was becoming increasingly difficult to stand still. She was now tightening her thigh muscles as much as she could without bobbing or bouncing, and she wished she could cross her legs. With one hand, she subtly reached around and gave her crotch a quick squeeze from behind. It wasn’t very effective, but it was the best she could do right now. It was almost laughable, the fact that such a potentially pivotal moment in her life, a point of such profound sacredness, could be offset by a few hundred milliliters of liquid in the wrong place. As the thought passed through her head, she very nearly did start laughing, but was checked by the earnestness of this instant—and the pain in her bladder.

At long last, Brian let out a deep sigh and faced her again. “Okay. Okay, okay. You’re right.” He sighed again, rubbed the back of his head, and took a deep breath. “You want the truth? Here it is.” He paused once more, glancing around him, trying to find the words. Angelica kept watching, but the suspense was making her crotch tingle even more intensely, and she had to discreetly rub her thighs together. Finally, he confessed. “I…like you, Angie. I really, really like you.” It was hard to tell in the low light, but Angelica guessed his face was flushed. His pace quickened, evidently in relief at being able to release this burden. If only Angelica didn’t have her own burden that badly needed release as well.

“I’ve liked you, gosh, since I first met you. When I wanted to take you here those years ago, it was because I liked you. And then…you had your…y’know, your accident…and it seemed like you avoided me after that. And I felt too awkward to try to push it, ’cause I thought it would be too embarrassing for you.” Angelica chewed on her lip. He was absolutely right about it being embarrassing for her, but if she had only known how he’d felt, she would have swallowed that pill early and gotten it over with. Of course, right now she was in much the same predicament.

“That’s why I was so happy when you started texting me. I guess I’d always felt too timid to try to reach out first. It was dumb, and I was dumb. But, but, Angie,” And here he suddenly stepped closer to her and put his hands on her shoulders. Angelica felt a jolt go through her, every nerve awake with excited anticipation. The same went for her urinary system, and she had to suppress a squeak as the sudden contraction very nearly spelled disaster. “Angie, I’m not going to be afraid to say it anymore.” His eyes, even in the dark, were piercing through her. “I like you. I think you’re beautiful, and smart, and sensible, and…ah, I don’t know how to say it—good. Like…virtuous. Gosh, I guess that sounds old-fashioned, huh?” He chuckled out of giddy relief. “But you amaze me. And—and I just need you to know that, I guess.”

Angelica was lost in his gaze, his words penetrating her heart. Unlike earlier, where her emotions had felt like the flashes of pyrotechnics, now the sensation was much quieter, deeper, sweeter. It soaked into her, like clear water into dry soil, bringing to life a blossom that she thought long dead. The garden of her soul was redolent with an aroma so pure, so achingly beautiful—like nectar from Elysium—that she thought she might cry. “Oh, Brian,” was all she could manage, barely audible. “Brian.” She gently reached up with one hand and placed it on his cheek. You have won my heart, sir knight. Now come take your prize.

Brian’s face was now inches from her own, and he began to slowly lean in. Angelica found herself doing the same, raising her lips towards his. In the back of her mind, warnings were blaring from her bladder, red alerts screaming that if she did this, there could be no hope of holding it. Her thighs were clamped tightly together, all the way down to her feet, every muscle tense in anticipation. But it was too late. There was no going back now.

At the last moment, Angelica closed her eyes, and the next thing she knew, her lips were pressed against Brian’s. His kiss was soft and tender, his lips gentle in their caress of her own. All the emotional buildup to this moment rushed through her in an instant, and she raised herself further up, pressing harder into the kiss, savoring every bit of it, relishing the long, long awaited chance to do what she had so greatly desired for so long. All that time spent wondering, hoping, waiting, fearing—it all led to this point. And it was all totally, completely, one hundred percent worth every second.

Of course, at the same time, just as she knew it would, her sphincter gave way and her pee began shooting out of her. The kiss deepened as the heat spread all through her panties, wetting them for the second time that day. By this time, Brian’s hands were around her waist and hers were on his neck, her fingers stroking his hair. The two of them had their bodies pressed up close together, and a tiny part at the back of her brain was glad that she was wearing a black dress, since the wetness would be less noticeable, but nervous that her pee might get on his shoes. By now it was flowing liberally down her thighs, the streams tickling her skin and dribbling out over her pumps. Thankfully, since her ankles were squeezed together, they served as a cushion for the urine, preventing it from splashing too much. Still, she could feel it filling her shoes and knew that there would be a puddle where she was standing, hopefully not too obvious in the grass.

###

They had been hidden now for close to ten minutes, the only sound around them being the serenade of crickets off in the grass. Lily’s rear end was increasingly sore from its seat on the hard pavement. Sam, for her part, had awkwardly shifted to a makeshift seiza position right next to Lily, softly shivering. Since both of their pants were now wet, she didn’t seem to mind sitting in their puddle. Lily wiggled slightly, and then again, trying to ease the discomfort in her bottom, her sopping panties chafing as she did so. Eventually, unable to find relief, she straightened up to a kneel then settled herself on her ankles, mirroring Sam. As she lowered herself down again, however, she misjudged her balance in her lightheaded state and fell heavily backwards against the car which had served as their hideout so far. Her shoulders made a resounding thunk against the door, and her head followed, thankfully not as forcefully.

Lily’s hands immediately flew to the back of her scalp, massaging the sore spot. Sam, on the other hand, sat up, galvanized into vigilance by the abrupt intrusion into the hush of the night. Raising herself up to her knees once more, she peeked over the car window. Immediately she ducked back down, bending as low as possible, her breathing suddenly accelerated and her face full of panic. Lily could feel the hair standing up on her neck as fear coursed through her nerve endings again, and her insides quivered with dread. When Sam spoke, her voice was shaky and barely audible. “I think he heard us.” She was shaking, and as cold sweat beaded on her forehead, Lily could hear a recurrent pshh psshh pshhhh coming from her. Looking down, she could see Sam’s pants darkening around the crotch again as Sam once more began to spurt into her panties in fright. Her own bladder contracted, but there was very little to expel. All it did was make her butt grow warm again.

Sam was leaking uncontrollably now, biting down on her lip, her eyes wide with trepidation. As the wetness on her thighs slowly descended, she squeezed her eyes and thighs closed and squeaked out, “Oh crap. Oh crap. Crap, crap, crap!” And in that moment, it seemed as though she was close to doing just that.

As unglued with fear as Sam was, though, Lily was worse. Panic was settling into every pore of her body, and her heart was racing. Had she had any urine left inside her bladder, Sam’s sudden show of terror would have caused her to be inexorably spraying it out. She was trembling like a leaf herself by now, teeth chattering, her mind fluttering with images of degradation and worse at being found out by the principal—her, the valedictorian, with alcohol on her breath and pee-stained clothes. Her entire abdominal cavity felt as though it were constricting, and she was grateful for Sam’s hand over her mouth, afraid that without it, she would puke. Her gut was roiling as pressure built up inside. And then, on top of it all, Sam had uttered that string of interjections. It had only been an expression of her fear, but somewhere in Lily’s scared and intoxicated subconscious, it combined with the warmth under her bottom and took on the nature of a directive.

Lily groaned and leaned forward as she felt the pressure in her intestines mount beyond what she could contain. Powerless to stop it, she could feel her cheeks spread as the contents of her rectum were suddenly and unceremoniously expelled into her clothes. It rushed out with a nauseating bubbling sound, hot, liquid excrement that squelched loudly in its exodus. Lily had of course had diarrhea before, and she had occasionally pooped her pants as well, but the two had never been combined. She winced and grimaced as this unpleasant new sensation introduced itself. Instead of remaining more or less contained in her underwear, her poop poured out in a soupy mess, soaking through her panties and shorts and flowing down her thighs, where is splattered over her calves and slopped into a fetid puddle between her legs.

Poor Lily gasped in shock and embarrassment at her sudden foul mess. Unfortunately for her, since Sam’s hand was still over her mouth, the rapid intake of breath only served to fill her nostrils with the overwhelmingly noxious odor from her second accident. Had she had more experience with alcohol, she would have recognized the effects of excessive drinking on bowel movements, namely on their consistency and their smell. Instead, she was forced to learn the hard way. As the pungent stench burned her sinuses, she violently pulled away from Sam’s grip, hacking and coughing.

As she did so, the last of her poop squirted out in a runny wet fart, spraying out of the cuffs of her shorts. Sam had also been caught off guard by Lily’s loss of bowel control, and as Lily quickly turned away, some of her mess ended up splashing on Sam. This, combined with the putrid smell that now permeated the air, made Sam double over in the other direction, choking and retching as if she were about to vomit. And then, bent over on her hands and knees, she did just that, bringing up the last of the alcohol in her system onto the concrete.

As Sam leaned back with a shudder and wiped her mouth, Lily was still gagging and holding her nose, trying very hard not to follow Sam’s example. The whole ordeal, however, had produced an appreciable ruckus—a far cry from their earlier attempts at subtlety. It was Sam who heard the footsteps rapidly nearing from the other side of the car. Despite her earlier abrasiveness, she seized Lily’s arm and roughly hauled her to her feet in a show of fugitive solidarity.

“Run!” she barked, and the next thing Lily knew, she was sprinting as fast as she could on stiff and wobbly legs. The watery mess in her shorts was liberated by the jostling of her body, flinging poop out over the grass and causing it to course down her legs in vile streaks. They didn’t risk looking behind them, instead running and running and running until they could go no further, collapsing on the grass breathlessly, with dry throats and aching sides. They lay there, panting and gasping, still nervous about being caught, for several minutes.

Once they had caught their breath somewhat, a quick survey of their location showed that they had made it around the school building and were now not far off from the bleachers of the football field. That meant that they had ended up making almost a full orbit of the school since they had first been sent scattering like roaches by the arrival of faculty. If they were lucky, their things would still be sitting where they had left them, in little piles by the building on the other side of the field, including Lily’s phone. She would try to call Angie. Hopefully she would be able to help them out.

Lily slowly got to her feet, her legs feeling crusty from where her diarrhea had begun to dry out on her skin. Standing over Sam, it was her turn to show support. She extended her hand for Sam to take. Sam seemed to consider it for a moment, unwilling, apparently, to show a need for help. After a few seconds, though, she acquiesced, pulling herself up wordlessly. “Come on,” said Lily, “my phone should be over here.” She turned and began trudging toward the corner of the school, with Sam reluctantly following.

Rounding the corner, to her great relief, Lily could see what was left of the piles of belongings. Evidently most of the seniors had already retrieved their personal effects, but off to the side, just where she had left it, Lily saw her neon green phone case. She leaned over to pick it up, her sullied underwear chafing as she did so. She brushed her hair out of her eyes as she turned on the screen, about to send a text off to Angelica. Before she did, though, she raised her gaze and made eye contact with Sam. “Where’s your phone?”

Sam blew out a small sigh of irritation. “I left it at Aaron’s house. I thought we’d all be going back there.”

Lily chewed on the inside of her cheek for a moment. Aaron’s house was far too far away to walk to, even in dry clothes. “Well, do you have anyone you need to call?”

Sam wrinkled her brow in thought, seemingly pondering the question of which person would be the least embarrassing for her to admit she’d wet her pants to. Eventually she asked, trying to keep her voice even, “Do you have Brad’s number?”

Lily reddened slightly. No, she didn’t have Sam’s boyfriend’s number; in fact, she probably had almost no one’s number. It was stupid of her to ask in the first place. Aaron was one of the few people they both knew whose number she did have, and that was only because he’d texted about the party at his house. Looking away, she mumbled, “Uh, no, I don’t.”

An awkward pause followed. Finally, Lily spoke up again, “Hey, I’m going to see if my friend Angelica can give me a ride. I’m sure she could give you one, too.”

Sam considered this briefly, then squared her shoulders and lifted her chin, brushing her hair behind her ear. The irregular wet patch on her pants, though not as obvious as earlier, was still visible in the moonlight. “No, that’s fine. I live only about two miles from here. I’ll walk.” Her tone conveyed an attempt at affected insouciance.

Two miles in the dark—that would be forty, fifty minutes. And it was late. Lily tried again. “Are you sure, Sam?”

Sam fixed Lily with a penetrating gaze that almost felt like contempt. “Yes. I’ll be fine. Thank you, though.” Contrary to her words, her tone didn’t sound very grateful. Lily guessed that maybe she was acting defensively after feeling exposed earlier. She didn’t push the issue.

Sam turned to begin her trek, walking casually with her back straight. She had gotten no further than twenty feet, though, when she suddenly stopped. After a moment, she turned back to Lily. “Hey, um, Lils,” she began. Her voice was lower than normal, and her gaze was averted. “Uh, about how I made fun of you? For, y’know, peeing yourself? Yeah. Um…I’m sorry. For doing that.” Lily didn’t respond. Memories of the harvest festival flashed through her consciousness, and she wanted to be able to revel in Sam’s comeuppance tonight. Nevertheless, deep down, she could only imagine Sam’s embarrassment. It was one thing for her, the girl with the bladder issues, to have an accident, but not for Sam. Inside, she was probably feeling terrified that the events of tonight would—ahem—leak out, and genuine remorse for how she had teased Lily in the past.

Sam looked up as the silence lengthened, her eyes meeting Lily’s. “So…no hard feelings?” She shifted uncomfortably.

Lily watched her for just a second or two longer before she exhaled, relenting. “Sure, Sam. No hard feelings.”

Sam merely nodded in response and silently resumed her journey. Lily watched after her for a while, wondering if she would be safe and whether she should have pressed the issue or not. Eventually, though, she decided it was out of her hands. Sam could make her own decisions. They were high school graduates, after all.

Turning her phone screen back on, she began to type out a plea to Angelica.

###

Both Angelica’s osculation and her micturition lasted for about ten seconds. As the kiss lengthened, she could feel both of their breathing grow heavier as their passion heated. For her at least, it was only amplified by the moist heat around her private parts and the blissful respite of her bladder’s pain. When it seemed as though the two of them were getting somewhat dangerously excited, as well as when the splattering sound of her accident became obvious enough that it pierced the giddy euphoria in her mind, she suddenly pulled back, cutting off the flow at the same time.

She brushed her hair out of her eyes and gave Brian a satisfied smile on one side, with a hint of coyness in it. She was happy—outrageously, ecstatically happy—but she couldn’t let this continue. Least of all because she had just peed herself. With Brian. Again. Even if they kept standing here, he might notice her wet legs. She needed to bring this wonderful evening to a close, though an evening that promised to be followed by many beautiful mornings. Not to mention that although she had already lost control briefly, she was far from empty—and she didn’t know how much longer she could keep holding it.

Brian beamed back at her, his smile quite probably the biggest it could be. He stared into her eyes, his gaze full of fierce desire. After several seconds, he let out a breath. “Wow.” Then he laughed, a relieved, joyful laugh. Angelica laughed as well, but not quite as hard. She was still focused on her grip on her pee.

“Well, then, Brian,” she said, wincing slightly as a spike of stinging pain shot through her abdomen, “do you have anything you’d like to say?” She watched him with an expression that she hoped was both expectant and flirtatious. Has the man found his courage, now that he is assured of victory?

Brian took her hands in his, still grinning widely, and then looked her straight in the eye. “Angie,” he began, his voice level and confident, “will you be my girlfriend?”

Angelica’s smile stretched across both sides of her face at that magical question. Her bladder suddenly tensed up in her excitement, and a brief spurt of urine filled her underwear, warming the fast-cooling fabric. She faltered as she regained control. “Yes, Brian. Oh, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.”

Brian chuckled again in hearty elation. Then, without warning, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a hug, squeezing her tightly. She gasped as the pressure forced another leak, this one lasting a little over a second before she could cut it off. She could feel the pee trickling down the insides of her thighs, and she felt sure that the front of her dress must be wet by now. She couldn’t let him find out. He was still holding her close, but as she hugged him back, she patted him with her arms to try to get him to let go, which he did, but not quite as quickly as she hoped. Then, once out of the embrace, he cupped her face in his hands and kissed her again. It was glorious, but it unfortunately made her momentarily lose control again. She had one leg crossed over the other by this point, and the spurt shot out in the back, jetting nearly horizontally under her left cheek and spraying the side of her dress.

As he released her, she was filled with certainty that these leaks weren’t going to stop. She had to get away, get away before she completely embarrassed herself in front of…her boyfriend. She could feel a blush heating her cheeks as the reality of it nestled into her brain. Gently but firmly extricating herself from his arms, she pulled his suit jacket off and handed it back to him. Pushing a strand of hair behind her ear, she began to slowly back away. “I should probably get going now.” She hooked a thumb coolly toward her car. “See you tomorrow? Or I can call you tonight?”

Angelica hoped that he would acquiesce speedily and then drive off. If she made a pretense of driving the other way, then he wouldn’t notice when she instead got out and emptied her aching bladder by the side of the road. It wasn’t as if there was anyone to see, after all. And if he left now, then maybe, please, oh please, he might not see the puddle in the grass that she had left behind. Instead, he nodded to her, hanging his jacket over his back with one hand while shoving the other one breezily into his pocket. “Sounds good, Angie. We can talk tonight.”

She grinned and giggled, fighting hard the impulse to double over or grab her crotch. How she wished she could just squat behind her car! But she couldn’t risk it, not with Brian still there. She had to act like everything was fine, to keep him from realizing her desperation—though she was becoming increasingly doubtful that there was still a chance of emerging from this both without him realizing and without having an accident. She gave a little wave, laughed nervously again, and then turned to speed walk back to the road.

Once he was out of sight, Angelica hurriedly made her way over the shoulder of the road and toward her car. Her gaze was down as she sped toward her car, trying to keep from exploding before she got in. Already she couldn’t stop the wetness spreading rapidly over her butt as her urine leaked out from inside her. She couldn’t believe it. Just a few hours earlier, her only thoughts of peeing her pants because of Brian were ones from the distant past, and now—now she was actually about to totally wet herself from excitement following a kiss. A kiss. With Brian. She quickened her pace.

Reaching the car, she threw her clutch into the passenger’s seat, got in, and closed the door. For a second, she merely sat there, in exhilarated and stunned silence. But then the dam broke. She jammed her hands into her crotch, mewling and doubling over as her pent-up urine sprayed uninhibited into her blue panties, warming them afresh. She peed, a hot, tempestuous geyser of liquid, holding herself and rocking forward and backward. The gush of urine subsided, but then immediately started again as her pee overflowed, unable to be contained. Her bladder was so full it hurt. Finally, after nearly a minute of this, she was able to sit still, empty and soaked, a look of elysian relief on her face. She stayed like that, staring at the stars, in emotional bliss even as the puddle under her rear steadily cooled.

Then, like a fly buzzing in her ear, the jolt of a sudden vibration from her phone startled her as a text message came in. As she picked it up to read it, she saw it was a message from Lily: “can u come pick me up I’m at the school I had a petty bad accident in my pants”. She leaned her head back, eyes closed, and laughed, a gentle, lilting giggle at the wonderful absurdity. Pee drops trickled down her legs and her seat was drenched, but she didn’t care. Today was a good day, and not even her and Lily’s bizarre propensity to wet themselves together could change that.

~Aftermath~

As it turned out, Angelica did end up going the opposite direction from Brian, as it was a shorter route to Lily’s high school that way. Once she reached an intersection with a streetlamp, she gingerly stepped out of the car, her urine splattering down and dripping off her dress. A cursory examination of her seat told her that hopes of getting the stain out were far-flung, at best. She would be content with abating the smell, at least.

If Lily had also wet herself, then it would probably be best for her to get something to put on the seats. Some paper towels and trash bags would do; it was just acquiring them that would be the tricky part. She tried to inspect the back of her dress. Since the material was black, the stain might not be too visible. She squeezed out the last drops as best she could, then took off one shoe at a time to empty them out onto the road. Using her hand, she attempted to brush off the droplets that still clung to her legs, then was forced to wipe her hands with a makeup remover. With a frown of revulsion, she made a quick mental note to get some pocket hand sanitizer—preferably scented.

She was glad to find a tiny convenience store at which to obtain her supplies. Even though it was nearly empty at this hour, she couldn’t help but constantly feel self-conscious about whether someone was looking at the back of her dress or not. It didn’t help that the faint odor of urine hung about her. As quickly as she could, she grabbed a three-pack of paper towels, a small box of trash bags, and a travel bottle of Purell and left.

By the time Angelica pulled into the now vacant parking lot at TRHS, Lily was sitting against the side of the building, head in hands. As Angelica approached, Lily looked up, an expression of bedraggled relief clear on her face. She stood, grimacing, and waddled towards the car. In the low light, Angelica could see dark stains on her shorts and down her legs as well and wondered what had happened.

Lily opened the door, and in the light of the car interior, Angelica could indisputably tell that Lily had soiled herself quite thoroughly. Her eyebrows rose in a look that was a mixture of surprise, repugnance, and pity. Lily, on the other hand, appeared quite miserable and simply squelched down on the meticulously pre-protected car seat. She groaned. “Please just take me home, Angie.”

Angelica balked. “Are—are you sure, Lil? Why don’t you come back with me? I can probably sneak you into my house more easily, and you can always tell your parents that you decided to spend the night at my house.”

Lily considered this briefly before glumly nodding her head. They began their trip back in relative silence, since Lily seemed too dejected and sick to talk. In addition, they had to drive with the windows completely open, to mitigate the stench from Lily’s diarrhea. As it diffused in the air, Angelica actually became worried, wondering if she could sneak Lily inside in her present state. Lily, on the other hand, just curled up on the seat and moaned. At one point they had to pull over so that she could lean out and puke, the motion of the car and the smell combining to make her stomach reject the last of the alcohol in it. Once done with that, as she slowly sobered up, her head throbbed and she felt very thirsty. Angelica offered to get something to drink at a drive-thru, but Lily declined.

As Lily sat there wretchedly, her mind ruefully replayed the events of the night. What she had thought was going to be a fun time partying had ended up a complete disaster. What had she been thinking? No, that was it—she hadn’t been thinking. The beer hadn’t helped, either. Everything that could have gone wrong did go wrong. Or actually…that wasn’t quite true. She remembered the looks, the attention, the uninvited touches that Jay had given her, and it became plainly obvious in hindsight that he had no interest it her whatsoever, except to get in her pants and then probably brag about how he banged the valedictorian. At least their getting caught had derailed where things might have headed. She lowered her head onto her knees in humiliation, recalling that she had been about to get naked in front of him when they were found out. She really was an idiot. In the sullen atmosphere of the car, she made a silent promise to herself to never drink again.

On top of her self-censure, incredibly enough, she had to pee again by now. As the minutes passed by, she crossed one tainted leg over the other and moaned, “I have to pee again, Angie.” She knew that there really wasn’t anything Angelica could do about it, and they were getting close to the house. But she just needed Angelica’s sympathy more than anything. Angelica reassured her that they weren’t far at this point.

Still, no more than a minute later, she shifted her position, squeezing her legs together tightly, and whined, “I mean it, Angie. I really have to go.” Angelica chewed on her lip, considering her options. If Lily was in this state, then maybe she really couldn’t hold it for too much longer. But they were only four minutes away from her house by now, tops—practically, there wasn’t a better option. She just hoped Lily could make it that far. The covering she had given the seat would be enough to protect it from the aftermath of an accident, not from an accident itself.

She was glad, then, when only a few minutes after that, they pulled into her driveway, staying far enough back to keep from getting her parents’ attention with the headlights. Lily was by now rocking in her seat, one hand over her eyes and one between her legs. Angelica turned off the car and stepped out. Lily didn’t move, but merely groaned and kept rocking. “I have to go so bad, Angie.”

Angelica nodded compassionately. She had an idea of how to get Lily into the house without her accident being found out, and it would only be a minute longer. Surely Lily could hold on for one more minute? “I’ll be right back, Lil. Trust me.” She scampered into the house, hurrying for her friend’s sake. Without even taking the time to change out of her wet clothes herself, she found a pair of old overalls that she never wore anymore. Satisfied that they would fit over Lily’s befouled shorts and content to throw them away afterwards, she discreetly folded them up and then stole back outside.

Once there, she opened Lily’s door and held up the overalls. “Here. Put these on over what you’re wearing. That way you can come in without getting your mess everywhere.” Lily looked up at the overalls and painstakingly emerged from the car, leaving a puddle of smeared poop on the paper-and-plastic barrier Angelica had constructed. With the slow, deliberate movements of the invalid, she took the overalls from Angelica and carefully slid one leg in, then the other, leaning on Angelica’s shoulder for balance. Fortunately, the overalls were big and baggy enough to let her put them on while still wearing her shoes. Once she had finished pulling them up and sliding the straps over her shoulders, she put her hands back in her crotch and stood there, unmoving.

Angelica tried to goad her, pushing her slightly toward the house. “Come on, Lil. The sooner we get inside, the sooner you can use the bathroom and change.”

Lily, however, remained immobile. Bending over slightly, she replied, “I really, really have to go. I don’t think I can hold it.”

Angelica sighed with impatience. She didn’t want to risk Lily peeing outside and potentially being seen, but they were so close by now. She spoke up, more harshly than she meant, “Yeah, I know. But we’re almost there, so come on, you need to go, now!”

As soon as the words left her mouth she realized her mistake. She had just told Lily to “go,” and that is precisely what Lily did. Whimpering and bending over a little more, Lily’s endurance again gave way, and for the third time that day, she wet her pants. A gushing sound came out of her groin, and a few seconds later, poop-stained urine began pouring out of the cuffs of the overalls. Shortly afterward, the wetness started to show through, a dark stain forming unevenly along the legs and further up, around the crotch. Lily continued to soak the overalls—Angelica’s overalls—for a little over twenty seconds before finishing off with a very wet-sounding fart.

Angelica put a hand over her face in exasperation. At least it had happened while they were still outside, and at least she had planned to throw out the overalls anyway. Still, cleaning this up was going to be a nightmare. Maybe she should text Brian and ask if they could talk tomorrow instead.

*013*2020-04-03 09:49

{{On 3/29/2020 at 11:27 PM, Silvermelody said:

Gods damn man. I rarely post on here but this is one of the best fics ive read in a very long time. Im only on part 5 but it has everything. The desperation, the good characters, the length, believablle scenarios. I mean, i dont think anythings missing from this its like reading a book. A well written one at that. Some if the fics ive read have been bad - from grammar, to spelling to just down right unbelievableness that sorta takes the fun out of it. But i mean, while some of the situations youve written about may not seem “realistic” its sorta like sci fi. Believable enough so that it doesnt distract from the characters or main plot. Just damn. Perfectly written and executed and i look forward to reading the rest of what you got to put out.

}}

Holy cow, wow, thank you! I'm really glad you enjoy it. That's my goal, hehe. I'm currently working on chapter 7, so I hope to get it out in a couple of weeks.

But, seriously, this means a lot. :D

*015*2020-05-01 12:11

Whew! Finally, it's done.

Contains: spanking (kind of)

Chapter 7: Car Wash

It was a bright day, so much so that you had to shield your eyes even to look at the sky, which was filled with billowy puffs of clouds looking like cotton balls pressed onto a pane of glass. The air was filled with the noises of traffic, birds chirping, music being played loudly through car stereos, and the jingle of a passing ice cream truck. It was, by all accounts, an ideal summer’s day.

Angelica was glad to be able to enjoy it from within the shade. She didn’t fare as well in direct sunlight as Lily did, who began every autumn with a perfectly toned tan, and as such she tried to avoid it. So, to be able to get the mild breeze, the fresh estival scents, and the lazy warm-but-not-too-hot climate while still out of the sun was wonderfully refreshing.

She and Lily were both dressed in jean shorts (though Lily’s were shorter) and sleeveless tops: Angelica with a yellow tank top and Lily with a pink halter top. Despite their summer wear, they both had on tennis shoes; flip-flops or sandals being banned in the workplace for safety reasons. The workplace in question was QuikShine Car Wash, a job which, while certainly not the most promising for a long-term career, served well enough as a means of income during the summer months. While Angelica had been hunting for work that could count as experience toward her business degree, Lily had found this job through a friend on her first day looking, and then had gotten Angelica a place there too. At first Angelica felt a little annoyed that Lily had found work so easily when she herself had been trying so hard without success, but the feeling passed quickly. It was kind of Lily to get her hired at the same place, and she could always keep looking for other work.

And, to be honest, working at the car wash wasn’t bad. It mainly involved a lot of spraying with hoses and squeegeeing, combined with the occasional bit of maintenance on the rollers and spray arches. Of course, neither of them was a technician, and the greatest extent of the “maintenance” they did was things like replacing canisters of cleaning chemicals or performing a manual restart on the conveyors if they ever got stuck. The job was simple enough, requiring only two employees per shift; and the owner, Mr. Armstrong, a somewhat gawky-looking bespectacled man in his mid-forties, was generous enough to let the two of them share the same hours, as long as they didn’t distract each other.

They had been working there for the past month and a half, and so far Angelica had found no prospects for other employment that would better fit her educational track. More and more, she was having to face, with a certain degree of wistful regret, the likelihood that there would be no better opportunities before the school year began again. Lily, on the other hand, was relishing her newfound freedom and financial resources, limited though they were. Angelica found that she had to be the practical one and advise Lily to try saving some of her income, instead of spending it all at once. She also needed to stay on top of Lily regarding her assignments for college applications.

Ever since she had pulled out on top as valedictorian, Lily had more enrollment options open up to her, and her surprising display of natural skill at public speaking was now leading her to look into pursuing public relations. She intended to start with studying marketing and media studies. Angelica was impressed by her best friend’s newfound life goals, and wholeheartedly supported her. It did mean, though, that Lily would have to learn to be self-motivated, at least more than she was now. In the absence of teachers, classes, and semesters, Angelica now filled the role of life coach—or at least, someone who was close enough to Lily that she wouldn’t take any of her crap.

On this day, the morning had passed in relative ease. It had been very near lunchtime when that changed. After a smooth succession of incident-free washes, a shrill beeping that neither of the girls had ever heard before started sounding from the computer panel near the exit. Mr. Armstrong had clearly instructed them never to touch this panel, and they consequently promptly summoned him to deal with it.

“Oh dear. Um…oh dear.” Mr. Armstrong adjusted his glasses and scratched the side of his head.

“What is it?” Angelica leaned in, not comforted by the tone in his voice.

He sighed. “It’s an issue with the sensor array. I’m going to have to get someone out here ASAP to get it fixed. Thing is, the whole system depends on it. Until we get it fixed, we’ll have to turn off all the machinery.”

Lily and Angelica shared a glance before Lily piped up. “Should we just go home, then?” Her stomach rumbled. She was looking forward to getting something to eat.

Mr. Armstrong furrowed his brow. “No, no, I think we can stay open. It just means we’ll have to wash the cars by hand.” He gave an apologetic smile. “I’m sorry, girls. I know it’s not what you were hired for, but do you think you can manage?”

Both girls looked at each other again before nodding to each other and then to Mr. Armstrong. They were both young enough to retain some of the naïveté that assumes people in authority always have everything under control. He in turn thanked them both, his voice somewhat reassured, before heading back for his office, running his hand through his thinning hair.

At first, washing cars by hand was almost fun. The girls got to work together and laugh and joke and occasionally splash each other as they did so. However, it quickly became apparent that the two of them alone would have to maintain an exhausting pace to keep up with the amount of cars coming in, even after Mr. Armstrong had set up a sign at the entrance that read “Hand Wash Only.” When noon approached, rather than take their lunch together, as was their custom, Mr. Armstrong told them they would have to stagger their lunch breaks. Since Lily’s stomach hadn’t stopped growling, Angelica said she could go first, to which Lily gratefully agreed. There was a Taco Bell across the street, and she went there, ordering an eclectic assortment of individual items and completing them with a large Mountain Dew Baja Blast. All that washing by hand had been hard and hot work, and she needed to cool off.

Once her order came in, she hastily scarfed down her food items, then leaned back in her booth with a discreet burp and a contented sigh, taking a breather while she sipped her drink and her food digested in the remaining lunch break she had.

###

Upon returning, now that it was her turn to be back working by herself, Lily was wishing she had used the bathroom at the Taco Bell when she had had the chance. The Baja Blast was only making it worse. She inwardly berated herself—if Angie had been with her, she would have made sure they’d both gone to the toilet when they had had the chance. But, of course, Angie was taking her own lunch break now, most likely somewhere besides Taco Bell, someplace at least marginally healthier. Which also meant Lily wouldn’t get any chance to relieve herself until Angelica got back.

She sighed and tried to focus on her work, despite her growing need to pee. Being by herself made it worse. At least when it was the two of them, they could talk to each other, make jokes, settle into their natural repartee as best friends. By herself, though, her only company was her own brain and filling bladder. Shifting her position to a crouch to get at the wheel wells of the black Ford Fiesta she was currently washing, she thought back to her graduation two months ago, and more specifically, to the multiple accidents she had had on that day. Thanks to Angelica, nobody had found out about any of them. Lily smiled to herself with a warm sense of gratitude in her chest. That really was true friendship.

Nevertheless, her accidents had come as a dire specter, haunting the otherwise bright visions of her future. Growing up, she had allowed herself to believe—albeit subconsciously—that her sympathetic spastic bladder was something she would grow out of, that it would only be a passing phase. The various specialists her parents had taken her to when she was much younger had said as much, if not quite in those words. Hadn’t they? Now that she really thought about it, she saw clearly that it had always been less of a promise and more of a best-case scenario, a palliative speculation to soften the blow of having to confess that they didn’t have a cure.

So, as she grew, she had always been looking forward to “that day,” the day when she would finally be able to control herself. Since she didn’t wet herself all the time, but only more often than average, it was tricky to determine when that moment had arrived. In retrospect, she now realized that she had been expecting to be free of bladder problems upon reaching “adulthood.” And then graduation day had happened, and she, the valedictorian, had peed and pooped her pants.

A frown was dominating Lily’s face by now. These were not the kinds of thoughts she should be dwelling on. Especially right now, when she really did have to go. She stood up again, having finished the initial washing, and grabbed the hose to start rinsing. As she sprayed the water out over the now spotless car, she tapped her foot in impatience and wished Angelica would get back soon, wished that there was a bathroom here in the car wash building. Where did Mr. Armstrong go when he needed to pee? She knew, of course—he went to the Taco Bell, just like they had to. He had told them as much when they first started working there. He and the owner of the Taco Bell had an understanding.

She wrapped up rinsing and moved on to washing the windows. Slipping away to the bathroom across the street would take too long without someone else here. The line of cars, while not as long as usual, was nevertheless not getting any shorter, either. She grimaced as the liquid in her lower abdomen kept increasing, now feeling leaden inside her. Her stretching bladder was beginning to hurt. She had to keep telling herself that she was going to be okay, and not to entertain any false hopes of when she could go pee. It was hard to resist the temptation of thinking that if she could only finish “this one car,” then she could go use the toilet afterwards. She knew, though, that that kind of line of thinking would only make it worse. The thing she had to do now was pace herself, and settle in for the long haul.

The Fiesta was done, and Lily gave an automatic wave to the driver as she maneuvered her way out of the car wash. The next vehicle then rolled up, a gray Chevy Suburban, and Lily set about to washing the sides. The SUV was larger than most of the vehicles they’d washed so far, and going over all its surfaces was a time-consuming and monotonous task, meaning Lily didn’t even think about the roof until she was almost done with the hood. How was she supposed to reach it? With the other cars that she had done, she’d been able to get the roof if she reached as far as she could on her tiptoes.

On one such occasion, she had come down from stretching to see a preteen boy in the back seat staring out at her wide-eyed. Evidently, reaching that far had made her halter top ride up, exposing her midriff and the waistband of her red and white panties mere inches away from his face. She had gone red and tried to avoid making eye contact with him, and ever since did her best not to reach farther than she could. So how was she supposed to wash this roof?

She stood puzzling over this for a few seconds before her bladder began to involuntarily tighten. She couldn’t stay still right now; she needed to keep her momentum going. Once she stopped, her body would take it as a signal that relief was near, and that would not be good. Casting her mind back to previous tall vehicles the two of them had washed together, Lily began to pace. What had Angelica used to get the roofs? There had to be some kind of pole with a brush on the end. Where was it?

She walked from one side of the SUV to the other, then back to the first side, scanning the area for any kind of implement for getting at the roof. But she couldn’t see anything, and her leg muscles were beginning to tense up from the pressure in her bladder. No more looking. Couldn’t find a pole? Then she would have to do this the old-fashioned way.

Grabbing her sponge of soapy water, she approached the left side of the hood. Then, hoping it looked as though she knew what she was doing, she carefully put her left knee on it and hoisted herself forward until she was completely on top of the hood. Once there, it was a matter of getting to her feet without falling, which was thankfully not as difficult as she had guessed it would be. She was able to guide herself with her right hand on the roof above the windshield, which helped.

Now that she was standing, Lily shifted her weight precariously, trying not to slip. Her left foot she repositioned to just under the right windshield wiper, while her right foot was still supported on the reinforced metal at the left edge of the front hood. She was doing her best to neither lose her footing nor put a dent in the car’s hood. It was a good thing she weighed as little as she did.

Of course, in her current unwieldy position, she was aware that her splayed legs and the amount of thigh she was showing made her pose more than a little suggestive. Especially since she had to bend over at her waist to reach the center of the roof of the Suburban—which meant in addition to the evocative angle of her slender legs, her rear end was protruding sensuously as well. If she had been less focused, she would have been at least a little afraid that Mr. Armstrong would come out of his office to be pleasantly surprised with a nice view of her butt, complete with her jean shorts riding up and beginning to expose the underside of her cheeks. Of course, whoever was driving the car had a pretty clear view himself from the front. But she couldn’t think about that. She had to hurry up and get the roof cleaned and get back down.

Regrettably, there wasn’t much room by now in Lily’s conscious mind for worrying about anything other than the liquid in her bladder. She tried to focus. Just this one car. Just this one, and then she’d go run across the street to the Taco Bell and use their bathroom. At this point, she didn’t care if it meant the rest of the cars in line were left waiting; she just really had to pee. Standing with her legs apart was not helping either, not a bit. Nor was the soapy water covering her hands as she leaned further and stretched as far as she could, disregarding her earlier efforts to avoid doing so, and moved her arms in wide circles to scrub the layers of dust off of every last inch of the dark gray paint.

Her brow was furrowed in concentration, with a hint of consternation. If only the stupid automated system weren’t broken! That way, the spray arch that was now above her would be taking care of this, and she would be free to go use a toilet. She tensed and untensed her thigh muscles, rising up on the balls of her feet and settling back down. It was the best she could do in her problematic stance, and she wasn’t about to grab her crotch right in front of the eyes of the car’s occupants. Gosh, even if she could, both hands were wet, and it would probably only make things worse.

Closing her eyes, she let out a tenacious exhalation through her nose and clenched her jaw tight. Just get this roof done and get off. Focus on the car. Focus on the dirt. Get this done first, then think about a bathroom. Stroke after stroke, swaths of sudsy water left behind. Her arm ached with the ungainly angle she had to maintain, but she gritted her teeth and willed herself through it. Embrace the pain. You are stronger than the pain. In the humid and claustrophobic space close under the roof of the car wash, where no breeze from outside came in, Lily could feel sweat beading on her forehead.

Her armpits tickled with perspiration as well, and she briefly paused to draw a forearm across her face, adjusting her arms at the same time to alleviate the uncomfortable itch in her armpits. If only she could do something for her bladder also. Heedless of her boss potentially seeing her, she momentarily bent over even further, making her bottom jut out even more prominently, and squeezed her sphincter closed as discreetly as she could, waiting for the wave of pain to pass.

Breathing deeply, she was able to resume her work after several seconds, grabbing her sponge and going back to scrubbing. By now she was nearly two thirds of the way done. Her calves were threatening to cramp up and her pee was pulsating inside her, but she was determined to hold it until she could finish here. If only the dumb spray arch were working. That way, the whole car roof could be coated at once with warm, flowing, rushing…

No! That was the worst thing to think about now. She squeaked out a quiet whine as her lower abdomen tensed up, and she briefly bent her knees inward as she narrowly avoided leaking in subconscious response to the thought of streaming water. Ugh, at this point, she would have to go straight to the bathroom after finishing on the roof, without even rinsing it off with the hose first. Angie would have to take care of that—whenever she got back. A torrent of liquid spouting forcefully through a narrow tube was probably something Lily needed to be as far away from as possible right now. She bit on her lip and tried to clean faster.

As she switched the sponge to her other hand and worked her arm back and forth, she could feel her whole body jostling with the effort. Regrettably, it also meant she could also feel her urine sloshing side to side inside her, slamming one side of her bladder then the other. She tried to breathe deeply to stay in control. Her legs were shaking, and she was about to burst, but she had to continue—she was so close now! She had to make it. Perspiration began beading out afresh on her skin, and as her body jiggled with the motions of cleaning, it had the effect of working a large droplet of sweat free on her back, where it trickled down, tingling and vellicating, lower and lower, until it slipped into her butt crack.

The sudden tickling sensation made her stiffen, thighs tense and back arched, as she gasped and tried not to leak. The light, prickly caress of the drop on her skin, down into her private parts, made a shiver go through her and her bladder. She twisted slightly in her position, steadying her breathing again and clenching her sphincter tightly shut. Her pee was throbbing, pushing to be released, and pulses of piercing desperation were assaulting her lower abdomen. Maybe she should just go now. Let Angie take care of all the rest, without even an explanation. That would be better than losing control.

But if she tried to go now, essentially capitulating to the call of Nature, would she even make it to Taco Bell in time? If she let her urinary system dictate her actions, enslave her to its will, then it would have its way before she could even reach a toilet. What was the name for that again? She had read about it—something like keyhole syndrome or something. If she left in a panic, then by the time she got to the restrooms, she wouldn’t be able to hold it. No. No, that wasn’t an option. The solution would be to maintain mental control.

She resumed scrubbing assiduously, defiantly fighting to keep mind over matter, even though the muscles in her legs were still taut. She recalled her valedictorian address from a couple of months before, and how it had very nearly worked in driving back the panicky throes of her bladder emergency. Maybe the same thing would work now. “You can make it, Lily,” she quietly urged herself through gritted teeth, “you can hold it. Just hold on. Just hold on. Just hold—”

Just at that moment, however, the intractable spray arch, the one whose stubborn refusal to function was the sole reason for her current predicament, decided to relinquish an insolent token of assistance. There was a gurgling of air bubbles through the pipe, and then a two-second stream of water spilled rebelliously from its nozzle. In a normal circumstance, it would have done nearly nothing. However, in Lily’s awkward position, her projecting rear end was situated directly underneath the flow.

It took a split second for the warmth to penetrate through to her skin, and as soon as it did, Lily gasped sharply and straightened up violently. Her free hand flew to her backside, grabbing herself in an attempt to stave off disaster. It was as if the spray arch were goading her into releasing her own hot waters, and she stood there, shaking and twitching, legs still apart, doing her utmost to keep that from happening. Unfortunately for her, though, the comforting moist heat around her groin pierced past her psychological resolve directly to her most basic bodily instincts, and the next thing she knew, matter had won over mind.

She stood there, still holding herself from behind, as her sphincter gave way and pee began shooting into her underwear. Her mouth was hanging open in shock and panic as the urine rapidly heated her panties all over the front before spilling out into her shorts. Within a second a wet spot had appeared between her legs before spreading out over her left thigh down to the cuff of her jean shorts. She squeaked, trying hard to stop spurting, as the liquid started dripping from her left leg, faster and faster. She clenched and tensed and twisted, doing everything she could to halt the flow, knees bent inwards, wishing she could just close her legs—or better yet, be sitting on a toilet.

And then, quite to her surprise, it stopped. The pain was still pounding in her bladder and pee was gently dripping off her left inner thigh, but she had cut off the flow. She didn’t move, too incredulous to trust this sudden apparent miracle. Had she actually done it? Had that day arrived? For once, had she been able to wrest bodily autonomy back from the tyranny of her weak bladder? Her gasps began to settle down into calmer, more regular eupnea. A tiny, relieved smile even bloomed on her face. She, Lily Wells, the girl with the sympathetic spastic bladder, had just thwarted a full-blown accident. At last!

After what couldn’t have been more than a couple of seconds but felt much longer, she cautiously removed her hand from under her butt. It was wet, but more with the water that had dripped on her than with her own urine. Looking down on herself, she could see the pretty obvious wetness from her momentary loss of control, but other than the few drops still dribbling lackadaisically from the cuff of her shorts, she convinced herself that it wasn’t too bad. She could most likely splash some wash water over herself and nobody would think anything was amiss. But she should probably do it now and get going—she still really had to pee. At least her boss hadn’t been out of his office. This way, no one had seen—

Then, with a surge of dread that felt akin to nausea, Lily’s face went gray as she remembered that she was still standing directly over the windshield of an occupied car. In the—ahem—heat of the moment, it had slipped her mind. The reflections off the glass had kept her from seeing anyone inside the car, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t see her. Not only could they see her, but she had given them the most graphic display possible of her desperation and then her brief leak.

While her face was hidden from their view, everything from the waist down was mere inches from the glass, and with her legs spread apart, nothing of her miniature accident was left to the imagination. They would have seen from the moment the dark stain first sprouted right over her private parts all the way to the little trickle of urine that was now finishing its descent down her left calf. And the pee that dripped off her shorts—she now saw that it had fallen onto the windshield itself, and had nearly completed its pilgrimage downwards to meet the dormant windshield wiper.

Awful, overwhelming embarrassment filled her soul, until she thought she might drown. Naturally, she had wet her pants before, many times, and many times in front of someone. But it had never been so obvious, so clearly on display. It was as if this car hood were a diminutive stage where the passengers were now gathered to spectate her humiliation. It couldn’t have felt any worse if she had been naked. The degradation of it sank down into the pit of her stomach, and then kept plunging further until it reached her already dangerously full bladder, snapping the tenuous and fragile control she had left.

Lily made a kind of strangling sound as she choked out a loud sob and peed her pants. She leaned forward over the car roof and squeezed her eyes shut, pushing out two tears as she did so. She knew her face was hot and crimson with shame, and it was undoubtedly for the best that the people in the car couldn’t see it. Sadly, what they could all too clearly see was the dark pee stain extending itself all the way across both thighs and the cascades of golden warmth that sprayed over their windshield as Lily wet herself from embarrassment. Streams of urine trickled down her thin and trembling legs, soaking into her socks and tennis shoes and splitting into discrete cataracts which splattered over the glass and the hood.

In the otherwise noiseless interior of the car wash, the splashing, spattering sound of her accident echoed loudly in her burning ears, and more tears slid down her cheeks. She continued to go to the bathroom in her clothes for a little over twenty seconds before she was finally able to halt the flow. By that time, her shorts were thoroughly drenched in a wide wet spot around her crotch, stretching out to the outer edges of both hips and up almost to her waistband.

She stood there, still shaking, unable to move just yet as the wetness against her skin cooled and the remnants of her pee snaked their way down her legs and dripped off her shorts and her thighs. Though not fully empty, she was feeling much more relieved, but this was eclipsed by her profound mortification. She knew her face was still a deep scarlet, and she wished very strongly that she could simply disappear—disappear without having to face the other customers, without having to explain to Angie, without being seen at all. Especially not by the strangers whose car she had just peed on.

At last, after wallowing for nearly ten seconds in her self-pitying trepidation, she finally took a deep breath, drew one hand across her face, and straightened up. Then, as delicately as she could, she raised her left foot and gently placed it next to her right one on the edge of the hood. The movement pressed more urine out of her soaked shorts, making it sprinkle over her tennis shoes. At the same time, her sopping panties, having noticeably cooled, were pressed up against her groin. Both sensations, each highly disagreeable in its own way, made her wince and redden afresh.

Still trying to avoid a confrontation with the occupants of the car, Lily let out a long, slow exhalation, steeled her nerves, and then hopped off the hood to the concrete floor of the car wash. Without saying a word or even turning her head at all, she walked resolutely away from the Suburban toward the door that led to the office and maintenance room. She was vaguely aware that any cars behind the one she had been washing could possibly also see her wet shorts, and she quickened her pace.

Once through the door, she slumped against the wall and tried not to burst into tears. Staring out through the tiny, dusty window in the door, she watched the Suburban, waiting for the inevitable complaint that would be coming. She just couldn’t endure being seen, or worse—confronted—like this. Even if she lost her job because of this incident, let it at least be after she’d had a chance to steal away and clean herself up. And finish using the bathroom. She still had to go.

But to her great surprise and relief, the car simply turned on its windshield washers for a few seconds and then drove out. Lily watched it in stunned disbelief. Was she in the clear? She let out a laugh of respite from her pent-up anxiety, releasing the breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding and finishing with a tiny, pathetic sob of overtaxed emotions, several tears dripping down her cheeks once more.

Once she’d gotten a hold of herself, she looked down at her shorts and pulled the cuffs up to survey the damage, sending a cascade of droplets out over the tile floor as she did so. Since she’d been leaning forward when she peed, the wet stain was limited virtually exclusively to the front. If she could find some way of covering herself from the front, she could maybe sneak out with no one the wiser. If, though. It was the middle of summer, so she didn’t have any kind of jacket to try to use—not to mention it would look pretty strange to see someone with anything tied around their waist in the front instead of the back. Maybe she would have to call Angie and get her help.

What troubled her was not so much having to confess to Angie that she’d wet herself—heaven knew she was used to it enough by now. No, it was the disconcerting way in which she’d wet herself this time. She was more familiar than she liked with the humiliation that followed an accident, caused by having an accident. But in this case, the humiliation had come first…and then she’d peed herself. She’d heard about losing bladder control from excitement or laughing too hard, and she’d experienced a loss of control due to fright—most recently, just two months ago—but could other emotions do the same thing? Was it possible…was it conceivable…to literally pee your pants out of embarrassment?

That was a terrifying concept. If it were true, it could basically relegate her to a vicious cycle: as soon as the idea of needing to pee entered her head, it would make her think of when she had had to go worse, which would make it harder to hold, which would remind her of wetting her pants, which would make her have to go even more, which would bring to mind the shame of having an accident—and then she would have an accident.

In response to these panicked ideas flashing through her mind, Lily could feel her bladder tightening again, and she knew she had to hurry up and get Angie’s help to get out unnoticed. Peeking back through the window, she still couldn’t see her anywhere, though she did see the line of cars—up to four now—undoubtedly getting increasingly impatient. Going out the way she came in was a no-no.

Turning her head the other direction, she weighed her options. Mr. Armstrong was probably in his office, and she definitely didn’t want him to see her like this. The only other choice was the maintenance room. Normally, she and Angelica weren’t allowed in there without Mr. Armstrong’s supervision, but right now it was the best choice she had. She pulled her phone out of her pocket, ready to call Angelica, and stealthily twisted the doorknob, careful not to make any noise.

Just then, a voice from off to her side made her yelp and jump nearly out of her skin. Like a ghostly apparition manifesting itself out of nowhere, Mr. Armstrong was suddenly there, looking at her inquisitively. His question was innocuous enough; just a simple “Lily? What are you doing?” It held no undertones of accusation or anger, only simple, straightforward curiosity. Nevertheless, it was enough to make her heartrate shoot up and a surge of adrenaline send prickly sensations all down her spine. She hurriedly dropped her hand from the door and faced him, her expression full of surprise, guilt, chagrin, and fear. Her breathing had also quickened, and as Mr. Armstrong’s question hung in the air, the only sounds Lily could hear were her own nervous respirations, themselves nearly drowned out by the thumping of her heart in her eardrums.

Mr. Armstrong’s questioning gaze roved from her face to the maintenance room door, and then from the door to Lily’s shorts. She could see him raise his eyebrows slightly as he took in the obvious wetness over her crotch, and, if he looked closely enough, doubtless still on her legs. Lily could feel her bladder muscles constricting again as her face once more flushed. A small jocular smile appeared on Mr. Armstrong’s lips as he reestablished eye contact with her and asked, his voice congenial, “Did ya, uh, did ya have a little accident out there?” He chuckled, and Lily forced out a nervous chuckle also. She hoped—she hoped desperately—that he assumed she had merely gotten water splashed on her. In a car wash, surely that was the most reasonable conclusion.

But then, with a haunting dismay, she remembered the car she had peed on. Yes, they had driven away now, but what if they called in to complain later? Even if they didn’t, they would never forget the time that the girl at the car wash had wet her pants on their hood. And now—now she was standing right in front of her boss with those same wet clothes. A shiver, only half of cold, went through her. Even if he didn’t connect the dots, it didn’t change the fact that the evidence of her incontinence was staring him right in the face. She wanted to run away, to vanish, but she had nowhere to go. While Mr. Armstrong was standing here in the hallway, the maintenance room was off-limits, and the only other choice was to go back out to the line of cars—at least some of which had probably also seen her pee herself. She was rooted to the spot in anxiety, her legs shaking and her pee swelling up inside her.

Both Mr. Armstrong’s chuckle and Lily’s reciprocation had died down, leaving only an awkward silence in which he watched her in slightly uncomfortable confusion and she gaped back in fearful discomfiture. As she stared in timid apprehension, wishing he would go back to his office, she could suddenly hear, over the buzz of the fluorescent lights and the muffled outside noises, a faint tic…tic…tic tic tic tic. Before she could place what the noise was, however, she saw a change come over Mr. Armstrong’s face. His expression suddenly became one of unnerved sensibility and his eyes dropped to Lily’s legs again. Lily followed suit, looking down at herself also, and gasped.

The wetness on her thighs had been refreshed into a shiny black stain directly under her crotch and extending down her left leg. Evidently, without even feeling it, she had been leaking into her shorts, which were now dripping her urine down from her left cuff onto the tile floor, where it made little audible splashes over her tennis shoes as it formed a miniature puddle.

Lily was aghast and her face was ashen as she raised it back toward Mr. Armstrong. Her mouth was hanging open, and her eyes were wide with shock. She tried to swallow, tried to form words, to find something to say that would explain this all away and take that look of combined uneasiness, disgust, and pity off his face. She began to speak.

“I—”

Her voice cracked and failed. He looked her in the eye, and she could feel all the humiliation rushing over her once more.

“I—I—”

But no words came, and she felt ready to be swallowed up in indelible ignominy. Her face went hot with shame, and so did her underwear as she lost all control again.

She stood there, jaw slack and face white, as the sheer embarrassment caused her to wet her pants a second time. She was frozen, unable to move, as her pee flooded swelteringly into her panties, reheating them before continuing out through her shorts. Now that she was standing straight, she could feel her urine go up in the back, the calefaction spreading out under her butt and up in the middle. It also trickled down her legs beneath her rear end, soaking into her socks again and pooling around her feet. Separate streams broke off from between her thighs and off her calves as well, splattering noisily into the puddle and making it grow around her tennis shoes.

Lily looked down at the mess she was making, brushing her hair out of her face, and then covered her face with her hands. She kept wetting for about twelve seconds, the sensation of her pee flowing down her quivering legs and splashing on the floor seeming to stretch the time out interminably. At last, trembling with stunned disgrace, she was empty, the final feeble spurts making the remaining few drops dribble down into her puddle, which was now close to two feet wide.

Lily didn’t want to move her hands, didn’t want to look at Mr. Armstrong…or be looked at by him. She couldn’t believe she had just peed herself right in front of her boss. While not the first time she had had an accident in front of someone, it was made so much worse by the fact that she was now, for all intents and purposes, an adult. She was too old to not be able to control her bladder. How would he react? Would he fire her, having learned now what he didn’t know when he’d hired her: that this decently self-confident young woman, the top of her class, had apparently never been properly potty trained? Or if he didn’t let her go, how could she face him again after this?

Her miserable internal despondency was interrupted by Mr. Armstrong’s voice, sounding almost as uncomfortable as she was. “Oh…oh dear. Well. Um, well. I suppose maybe you ought to head home to change. And…why don’t you go ahead and take the rest of the day off.” Lily dejectedly uncovered her face, sniffled, and pushed a loose strand of blonde hair behind her ear. Still not making eye contact, she nodded and shifted her leg, making a squish and sending a new fusillade of drops to the ground.

Mr. Armstrong cleared his throat. “But this will need to be cleaned up first. There’s a mop and bucket in the maintenance room. Just…get enough up so no one will slip.” Then, before Lily could even react, the sound of the phone ringing from inside his office drew him away and he was gone. She wanted to object, wanted to protest the humiliation of being made to mop up her own pee puddle—but in reality, what would she say? So she was an adult now, was she? That meant taking responsibility, including cleaning up her own messes—in this case, literally. Slipping into the maintenance room, she tried to move carefully to keep her fast-cooling wet clothes from dripping any more. Before getting the mop and bucket, though, she turned on her phone screen again to text Angelica to explain what happened and ask if she could take the car to drive home. Then, without waiting for a reply, she grabbed what she needed, took a deep breath, and set to her task.

###

By the time Angelica returned, Lily had finished cleaning up the floor as best she could and was waiting bashfully in the maintenance room. The line of cars had become increasingly impatient, and the one in the front and the one in the back had both given up and left. Angelica was greeted by the sight of Mr. Armstrong, wearing his button-down shirt and dress pants, busily working away at the hood of the Ford Focus now in the front. As soon as he caught her in his peripheral vision, he straightened up, stretched his back with a grimace, wiped his forehead, and called out to her. “Angelica! Good, you’re back. We’re a little backed up here. Can you take over?” Then, without waiting for her to ask any questions, he dropped his voice. “I let Lily off for the rest of the day. She…um, had a little…accident, I’m afraid. So if I can’t get a technician out here to fix the system, we’ll probably have to close the wash early, since we can’t keep up with the work like this. I’m sorry.”

Angelica nodded and gave a slightly somber smile. She held her phone up. “Yeah, Lily told me. I just need to give her the car key so she can go home.”

Mr. Armstrong breathed a sigh and turned a little red, evidently relieved by not having to tiptoe around what had really happened. The whole front of his shirt was damp with exertion, and he took off his glasses to draw an arm across his face. “I need to go back to trying to get find someone to come out here. Just let me know if you need anything.” He handed her the sponge he had been working with and used a hand to stretch his back again before retreating into the side door again. Angelica gave a quick “I’ll be right back” hand gesture to the driver of the car and then followed.

She knocked lightly on the maintenance door. “Lil? It’s me.” A moment later, the door cracked open and she could see Lily’s glum face peering out. To the questioning gaze, Angelica replied gently, “Mr. Armstrong’s in his office. It’s just me.”

Lily dispiritedly swung the door open all the way, letting Angelica see the extent of her accident. The entire front of her shorts was dark with urine in a wide radius around her crotch and down to the cuffs. There was no hiding what had happened.

“Here, maybe if you carry something in front of you and I walk directly behind you, we can keep this from being seen. I’ll put a trash bag down on my car seat.” Angelica was in her problem-solving mode, assessing the status of Lily’s clothes without the least bit of shock. Lily had peed herself enough times in front of her—they had both peed themselves enough times in front of each other—that it didn’t faze her anymore. On the one hand, this even-keeled response was invaluable in her friendship with Lily, but on the other hand, it occasionally made her forget what it was like for her. Now, as she got no response, she looked full in Lily’s face. The bashful dejection written there snapped her back to the reality of the situation, that her best friend needed a friend right now, not a life coach. Her features softening, she moved in to give Lily a hug, leaning in to avoid touching her wet clothes.

Pulling out of the hug, Angelica handed the car key to Lily. “Here you go. Just make sure to come pick me up at the end of the shift, unless I call you earlier. Mr. Armstrong thinks we may have to close early today.”

Lily nodded in understanding. “Sure thing, Angie.” Then she blew out a long breath and ran her hands through her hair. A small smile chanced its way onto her face. “Thank you.”

“Of course, Lil! Come on, you’d do the same for me. We’re here for each other.”

It took a few minutes for them to arrange a system that blocked the view of Lily’s shorts. In the end, Lily walked out carrying a box of paper towels conveniently in front of her groin, and Angelica followed close behind with a box of cleaner. They walked out as casually as they could manage, Angelica giving a conciliatory expression at the driver, who had thrown up his hands at her in restless irritation. As soon as they could, they got Lily set up discreetly in the car. Angelica then jogged back inside, wanting to keep the cars from waiting any longer. A tingle in her bladder indicated that she would need to get a bathroom break herself at some point. Ordering the large soft drink with her lunch meal had probably been overdoing it. Still, it would have to wait.

###

An hour later, Angelica was sorely regretting her decision. Even with the “Hand Wash Only” sign in front, enough cars were coming in to keep her occupied non-stop with no opportunity to step away. Mr. Armstrong, meanwhile, was busy contacting anyone and everyone he could who might be able to come and service their computer system, so he couldn’t cover for her. As the red Toyota Corolla exited the car wash, she stepped to the side to refill her soap bucket, stretching her aching back from side to side in the process. If only she could do something about her aching bladder.

Of course, the fact that Lily had already wet her shorts was weighing heavily on her mind at this point. Yes, because of Lily’s condition, she was more prone to incontinence. Nevertheless, there had been multiple inexplicable incidents where the two had both had accidents, and it was putting Angelica on higher alert. She was determined for today not to be one of those times. As such, she was keeping careful tabs on her urgency level, resolved that as soon as it got high enough, she would just tell Mr. Armstrong she was going to use the bathroom. Better safe than sorry.

The only problem, naturally, with paying such close attention to her bladder was that she was unable to ignore the signals it gave off as all the Canada Dry she’d had over lunch was now making its way through her. Stepping up to the white Chevy Impala that had rolled up, she could feel the liquid weighing heavily in her lower abdomen. Clenching her jaw and wiping the back of her hand across her forehead, she started scouring away at the dirt highlighted clearly against the white paint. This was the fourth car she’d had to wash since lunch, and all her muscles were protesting. Reaching out over the middle of the hood, she wondered what time it was. She didn’t have a chance to pull out her phone while her hands were constantly dripping with soap suds.

As she was working the sponge back and forth, trying to be as thorough as she could, she cast a weary look back toward the door that led to the office hall. She had hoped that Mr. Armstrong would have an answer by now as to whether someone would be coming or not. The interminable hand washing, with no breaks and very little breeze to move the torpidly humid air inside the car wash, and especially her growing need to pee, were all chipping away at her vigor. Her hand motions were slowing down, and she paused for a moment to switch hands before resuming.

Just then, as if in response to her longsuffering lassitude, the door to the office opened and Mr. Armstrong stepped out. His face bore an optimistic expression, and Angelica smiled tiredly on one side of her mouth as she faced him. He spoke. “Good news! I was able to get someone to come today and fix the sensor array.”

Angelica nodded gladly, letting out a relieved sigh. “Oh, wonderful. I don’t think I could keep up with cleaning all these cars on my own.”

Mr. Armstrong’s brow furrowed in sympathy. “Yeah. I’m sorry about that. But here, he should be here in about half an hour, so let me help you with washing until he gets here.”

Angelica smiled in gratitude. She didn’t think most bosses at jobs like this would be so caring toward their employees. “Thank you.” He nodded in response before taking over cleaning the car roof. Now with the workforce doubled, the job didn’t seem quite so daunting.

Of course, with her workload alleviated, Angelica considered asking for a break to alleviate her bladder as well. She paused, opened her mouth to ask, then closed it again, reconsidering. The technician would be here in half an hour, right? Probably once he came, there couldn’t be any cars inside the wash corridor, so she would get a break from this. That would be fine. She would just hold it until then. Even now, as they wrapped up the washing of the Impala and she began rinsing, she witnessed Mr. Armstrong walk down toward the entrance to pull a chain across, not allowing any more vehicles to enter. After the Impala there were another three cars. That should be enough work for the next thirty minutes.

She hosed down the Chevy thoroughly, cheerful about the news and also trying to keep her mind off her growing need to pee. She told herself that thirty minutes would be just fine, no problem at all. If only she didn’t have to go as much as she did right now—and if only her job didn’t involve constant flowing water. As she adjusted the hose in her hands, she tried to dissociate the act of rinsing from the reality of rushing liquid, complete with the noises of splashing and dripping. As they moved on to the next car, she briefly paused to lift up one leg, then the other. Attempting to block out the various sights and sounds of water required her to lose herself in her thoughts, but it was difficult to think about anything other than finding a bathroom. Especially considering what had happened to Lily.

Angelica stopped and shook her head to clear it. She couldn’t keep letting her thoughts dwell on that! Sure, she needed to pee, but she could hold it until a break came. And if she began to enter the danger zone, she would go sooner. Right now, though, she would hold it. She couldn’t go through life constantly afraid of having an accident. She needed to be able to will herself into control, mind over matter. She needed to keep these incidents from continuing—instances like the one two months prior.

The memories of that night drifted back to her. She and Brian had finally been able to share their feelings for each other, and now they were boyfriend and girlfriend. What Brian didn’t know, though—at least, Angelica hoped he didn’t know—was that she had wet herself when they had gone in for their first kiss. Now, two months into their relationship, she had never let on about that accident or any of the others that she had had, besides the one he had witnessed years before. Deep down, she felt that it was inevitable that she would have to confess her periodical incontinences to him, especially if they continued. Which is why they couldn’t continue. She didn’t want to imagine what his response would be.

Without her even realizing it, these turbulent musings had been unconsciously successful in distracting her, and before she noticed, she was refilling the soap bucket to finish washing the last car. Good! Relief was in sight. The promise of soon deliverance from the pain in her lower abdomen made her muscles tense up, and she had to drop to a crouch as she filled the bucket again, breathing evenly to stay in control. She clenched, crossing one leg over the other, until the wave had passed. Okay, she should really go find a restroom now. But she was nearly done! She simply had to wrap up this one final car, and then she would be free.

When she returned to the car, she could see that Mr. Armstrong was standing by the entryway, talking to someone. Apparently the technician had arrived. That was good. Once he went to work, she would probably have to be out of the way, and she would promptly cross the street and empty herself at the Taco Bell there. She stepped quickly back over to the car and began vigorously scrubbing at the trunk, revitalized by being so close to relief.

Just then, though, she heard a voice she didn’t expect call her name. In surprise, she spun her head around to see the speaker. There, standing next to Mr. Armstrong and approaching, stood not one technician, but two. The first was a man probably in his late fifties, presumably the lead technician. But next to him was a much younger man, ostensibly one who was learning the trade. Not just any young man, either. One with familiar auburn hair, bright eyes, and plucky smile. It was Brian.

Angelica’s eyes lit up upon seeing her boyfriend. It clicked now—he was currently doing his apprenticeship to be an electrician—but it still hadn’t crossed her mind that he might be one of the people Mr. Armstrong would contact. “Brian! Hey!” As he strode forward to give her a hug, she giggled as she had to be careful not to touch her soapy hands to his shirt. He squeezed her tightly, and she gritted her teeth against the sudden new pressure on her bladder. Finally he pulled away, still grinning boyishly.

Angelica was smiling broadly on one side. “I didn’t expect to see you today.” She rocked on her feet in a way that she hoped looked coquettish.

“I know, me neither. I didn’t piece it together until we were driving out here that this might be the car wash that you worked at. I texted you to ask about it.”

Angelica held up her wet hands. “Yeah, I haven’t exactly been able to check my phone.”

Both of them laughed, and Brian’s eyes twinkled. “Hey, since I’m here now, what do you say you and me go out for ice cream after we’re done?” Before she could answer, he turned his head in response to his boss calling his name. “I’ve got to go now. Go out after?” He leaned in and gave her a quick kiss.

“Sure, that sounds fun!” Angelica called after him. He pointed both hands at her in confirmation before slow-jogging over to where the head technician stood with Mr. Armstrong.

Angelica returned to working on this, the last car to wash, with a newfound pep and a smile on her face. What a nice surprise, and what better way to finish the day than with a surprise date with Brian. It was almost enough to take her mind off the pain in her abdomen. Almost, but not quite. She really had to go.

Finishing the last of the scrubbing, she hurriedly dumped out her soap bucket and shook her hands to rid them of the suds still clinging to them. She grabbed the hose and began rinsing the car off. It was just this and then a final window wash, and she would be free to go use the bathroom.

As she worked, she periodically glanced back over at Brian. He looked so handsome and manly, talking through the different electronic components with his boss like a true professional. His hair, his eyes, the look of concentration on his face as he nodded in understanding, the way he was leaning on the wall next to the lead technician—oh, she could just watch him and never stop. She giggled to herself as it hit her once again that he was her boyfriend. It still hadn’t fully sunken in, and she hoped that it never would. Even now, just thinking about it gave her butterflies in her stomach.

Unfortunately, the fluttery feeling was not limited to her stomach. Down in her bladder, swollen as it now was from her large drink over lunch, twitching, pulsing sensations were prickling. Using a hose wasn’t particularly helping, either. Crossing one leg over the other, she tried to focus, focus on finishing up, then she could go and just pee.

It also wasn’t helping her situation that Brian was here. Of course, she was exuberant at his unexpected arrival and wouldn’t change that…but at the same time, she thought of her earlier inner turmoil at the possibility of having to confess her accidents to him, and how right after that, he had arrived. What did it mean? She had wet her pants the first time they had been alone together, and then again when they solidified their relationship two months ago. What made it even more ominous was the fact that she had come close to peeing herself that day, but didn’t, before he met up with her; and then afterwards she did pee herself. She didn’t, he arrived, and then she did. Not to mention her experience last year at the amusement park—one that involved the bizarre connection between wetting herself, sexual attraction to Brian, and getting spanked—which she still hadn’t fully sorted out in her head and preferred not to think about.

All these thoughts now were only making her condition worse. As she used the hose for the last of the rinsing, she paused to briefly bend over, waiting for the wave of desperate pain to pass. Blushing a little, she glanced over to make sure Brian hadn’t seen her. Thankfully, he was still occupied with his own work. Man, this was getting bad. She almost wished she weren’t almost done. It would at least make more sense to ask for a break in the middle of work than when there couldn’t be more than two minutes left.

Taking a deep breath and giving her body a little shake, Angelica resolutely grabbed the squeegee and took to working down the windshield. Her strokes were rapid and forceful, allowing no second-guessing or attention to detail. It didn’t matter at this point. The only thing that mattered was getting done with this so she could go pee!

Stroke, stroke, stroke, dip, squeeze—the seconds ticked by as tingling needles went through her bladder. Almost done. She was almost done. She was going to make it. She wasn’t going to have another accident in front of Brian!

Windshield done, now rear window. Rear window done, now side windows...she had to bob down and up, lifting one leg up behind the other…wipe away the water…her muscles were all taut, all down into her legs…and then she was done! At last!

As the car drove slowly forward to exit the car wash, Angelica quickly stowed the squeegee and bucket back in their place off to the side. Then, in as dignified a manner as she could, she straightened herself up and walked briskly over to where the three men were standing. As she approached, Brian looked up and smiled at her again. She returned it, brushing a strand of brown hair behind her ear, and doing her best not to look like she needed to pee as badly as she did.

She cleared her throat. “Mr. Armstrong? That was the last car.”

Mr. Armstrong looked up with a face of tired satisfaction. “Ah, great. Thank you so much, Angelica. I know today wasn’t a normal day, what with…everything that happened. You can head home now. I’ll see you tomorrow.” His attention was drawn away again by the technician.

Angelica nodded and turned. She didn’t know how much longer Brian would be, or any of the details of their date tonight, but those could all wait. Right now priority number one was going number one. The Taco Bell bathroom was calling out to her, promising near relief. She stepped mincingly back the way she came, toward the exit. Her leg muscles were tensed up all the way down into the arches of her feet, and she put her weight on the balls of her feet as she walked. Her urine was as heavy as liquid gold inside her, and all that mass was bearing down, down, down on her overtaxed sphincter. She sucked in a deep breath as the ache of her bladder once more mounted, hovered, and descended. She wanted to move faster, but it was difficult to walk quickly when her butt was clenched as tightly as it was.

As she strode down the now-empty car lane she felt a sudden jab of pain in her right foot. Something had gotten inside her shoe, forcing her to hobble to a stop. Irritated at the unwelcome interruption, she shuffled haltingly toward the railing separating the car lane from the maintenance walkway. Coming to a stop next to one of the main roller brushes, she used the railing for balance while she pulled off her tennis shoe and inverted it, banging the sole to dislodge whatever was inside. A small concrete pebble dropped out, and, satisfied and increasingly desperate, Angelica reached down to put on her shoe again.

Just then, though, a mechanical whir, deafening in the otherwise placid tunnel, boomed out, resonating in the air. Angelica jumped, startled by the machinery evidently coming back to life. Unfortunately, the abrupt roar momentarily jerked her out of her precarious state of bladder control, and a one-second spurt of pee slipped past her defenses and out into her underwear. She gasped, grabbing her crotch and crossing one leg over the other to make sure no more escaped. Then, with a blush, she turned back toward where Brian was standing next to his boss and a very pleased-looking Mr. Armstrong to make sure no one had seen her. Uncrossing her legs, she pulled her hand out from between her thighs and checked to see the damage. There was a miniscule dark spot, right at the center of her crotch, but it was minimal. As long as she made it the rest of the way to the toilet without incident, most likely nobody would notice.

However, with the noise all around her and her attention fixed on her shorts, she was oblivious to the shouts of warning coming from the other end of the car wash, and oblivious as well to the motorized whine as the roller brush to her right revved to life. Already its flat, leather-like synthetic rubber bristles were too close for comfort, but this particular brush ought to have been replaced a long time ago. About two thirds of the way down, where the brush would normally slather a mixture of cleaning chemicals and water against the side mirrors, repeated use had left several of the strands partially detached and hanging loosely and limply several feet lower than the rest. Now, though, as the motor suddenly spun up with a loud whoosh, those elongated strips found themselves swinging out and lining up at the perfect height—not of a car door, but of Angelica’s rear end.

She let out a shriek as the rubber slapped across her cheeks, knocking her forward, where she slammed against the walkway railing. The force of the impact caused another jet of urine to leak out, but she didn’t even have a chance to react to it, since before she could even move, the errant bristles swung around again, smacking her across the backside once more. She was pinned, unable to move, unable to escape, her bladder still on the verge of exploding. The roller brush was rapidly gaining momentum, however, and the rubber struck out again, then again, faster and faster.

Smack…smack…smack…smack…smack—the brush continued its beating, the synthetic material mercilessly chastising her bottom. The skin on the backs of her thighs was by now bright red where visible, and still the punishment continued. Her entire rear was on fire with smarting pain, her bladder throbbing with pain of a different kind. Over the din of the machinery and her own cries of agony, she could hear Brian’s voice, now much closer behind her, shouting her name in distress, fear in his voice. She half turned her head, but she couldn’t see him or turn any more. Still, she could tell he was as close as he could get safely.

Knowing that Brian was right there brought a small morsel of comfort to Angelica’s otherwise-panicked brain. As long as he was there, surely he would be able to get her out of this. However, that part of her mind was massively overshadowed by the realization that he had a clear view of her butt as she was pinned there, with its muscles tight and her legs open, as the machine delivered its brutal spanking. And on top of it, she was about to burst. Her cheeks were hot and red with embarrassment, and her other cheeks were hot and red for an entirely different reason.

But then, receiving this corporal punishment brought back to the surface what had happened at the amusement park close to exactly one year before. She had climaxed—twice—and then peed her pants—twice—and both times she had imagined what it would be like if she were spanked by Brian. And now here she was, getting spanked—and here Brian was, too, standing behind her. The pain in her bottom began to take on a strange new sensation, as though her pain receptors were overlapping with the pleasure parts of her brain and releasing a flood of endorphins.

At this rate, that wasn’t the only flood they would be releasing, either…but Angelica could no longer help herself. Her breathing and heartrate quickened, her yelps of pain morphing into involuntary grunts reminiscent of her time on the roller coaster, and she found herself unconsciously bending at the waist and protruding her butt out into the path of the straps. Now that the skin was stretched more tightly across her rear end, the rubber strips stung even more severely as they waled her buttocks and thighs, and the pain was mounting more and more…and close by, in the front, the pain in her bladder was also mounting, about to break…and right in between the two was that special place, untouched for a year, now being galvanized back into life, ecstatic, electric pleasure swelling up in it…

…and Brian was standing right there…

Angelica screamed and wet her pants. All the pent-up urine, trapped for hours and begging for release, escaped in jubilant freedom. It sprayed forcefully into her panties, saturating them immediately in warm, sizzling moistness. A second later, the wetness blossomed on her shorts also, spreading out underneath her right butt cheek. She stood there, breathless and shaking, as the dark and shiny stain extended down her leg, meeting the cuff of her shorts and spilling off her shaking leg to puddle on the concrete. Her face was deeply flushed, and her grunts were now becoming panting moans as her hot pee flooded her underwear, the heat only serving to further fuel her waxing sexual excitement.

As more and more urine pumped out of her, the wet spot on her shorts extended down her left leg as well and continued expanding broadly underneath her butt. The glistening sheen was now transforming the smack of the rubber strands into a sharp splat sound, each recurrent blow sending a flourish of sparkling golden droplets scattering as it connected with the sodden material of Angelica’s shorts. Still gripping the railing with white knuckles, she dropped her head, gasping for breath, and watched as the darkness grew across the front of her crotch as well, expanding inexorably outwards down her thighs and shooting out in a stream over the floor. The sheer bliss of relieving herself, the warmth surrounding her genitalia, and the feeling as if Brian were putting her over his knee all built together towards a mounting orgasm.

Even the embarrassment of him standing right there witnessing her accident was somehow only turning her on more. As slap after slap sent showers of coruscating pee drops flying every which way, sprinkling and tinkling over the floor like a Jackson Pollock of humiliation, the wave finally crested. Angelica screamed again, a throaty outburst of sheer carnal euphoria, as she climaxed. Her knees buckled, and she sagged against the railing, supported only by her arms. The pulses of pleasure coursed through her body, amplified by the fact that she was still peeing. Her underwear felt not only wet but also slippery, as more than just urine had been expelled into them.

By now, the technician had been able to kill the power to the system, and the brush began slowly spinning down. The swats against her grew weaker and weaker until dying away altogether. Her pee trickled to a stop, though she wasn’t empty yet, the last vestiges of it snaking down her trembling calves and soaking her ankle socks and tennis shoes. Drips from her crotch and cuffs plip plip plipped into the puddle around her feet, which was by now about three feet wide. Angelica herself was also coming down from her high, her breathing still labored and hoarse. It felt as though all the tension in her entire body was dissipating, and she no longer had the strength to hold herself up. She collapsed onto her knees and began falling backwards when she felt Brian’s strong arms suddenly there, keeping her from falling.

Her head lolled to the side and beheld Brian’s face, full of fear and worry, searching hers, making sure she was all right. In the aftermath of her orgasm, it was the handsomest thing she had ever seen. Her face was still warm with an erotic flush and her eyelids were drooping with dreamy languor. If she had had the energy, she would have kissed him.

But right then, her rear end sank onto her feet, and the angry red marks left by the rubber paddling sent out a rush of fiery stinging pain. She yelped, jerked forward, and grabbed her poor smarting butt with her hands, trying to soothe away the flaming temper of where she had been cruelly chastised. The newfound stab of pain made all her muscles tighten, like electrical wires in frog legs, and as she leaned forward on her knees, hands on her bottom and Brian’s arms around her, her bladder seized up and she started peeing in her pants again.

The pee refreshed the tepid moistness into hot wetness, and she felt as her panties became heavy again and the liquid spread itself down the insides of her thighs once more before spilling out of her shorts to puddle around her knees. She didn’t move, didn’t try to stop, didn’t try to fight the course of Nature. Instead, she merely stayed on her knees, holding her behind, as she emptied herself of every last drop inside her. At last, once she was done, she still didn’t move, didn’t say anything. She stayed stock still, facing forward, only breathing heavily and occasionally wincing from the needles of pain in her still-sensitive backside.

Brian didn’t say anything either, but she could tell from how he was moving next to her that he was giving some kind of hand gestures to the other two, and since they were staying at the other end of the car wash, she gathered that he was apparently motioning for them to stay where they were. Angelica was grateful at his attempt to protect her dignity, but she couldn’t be sure that they hadn’t seen her accident anyway. She also felt an impenetrable labyrinth of convoluted emotions about Brian being here right now. On the one hand, of course, she wished she could just disappear. This was now the third time she had wet herself in front of him, though he hadn’t been aware of the second time, and it was worse even than the first time. One accident could be chalked up to a freak occurrence, but two? How could she ever explain this to him?

And yet…on the other hand, she felt at peace. Partly, no doubt, because they were now officially a couple, and she didn’t have to worry so much about what he thought about her. And the other part—could she even make sense of it? Ever since she had met Lily, she had begun to have periodic accidents, though always when Lily did, today being no exception. But it hadn’t been until peeing her pants at the amusement park the year before that her accidents had taken on a different feel, one connected inextricably to Brian.

No, that wasn’t quite right. It had been before that, when she had first seen him again at Brenda Davis’s house. In a way she couldn’t even make sense of herself, if wetting herself apart from Lily felt wrong, wetting herself in front of Brian almost felt right. She remembered reading somewhere that friends sit next to each other, and lovers sit facing each other. Likewise, Lily, as her friend, was by her side to share the experience with her; but Brian, as her boyfriend, was in front of her to witness it.

Still, while this peculiar new tranquility was all well and good in theory, right here and now she was still in sopping clothes and kneeling in her own puddle. She could feel Brian gently pulling her to her feet, and she managed to get up with only minimal complaints from her rear end. As she got her feet underneath herself again, a final spray of droplets was released down into the puddle, with a rivulet or two also snaking down her legs.

Brian delicately pulled her into a hug. “Are you okay, Angie? Do you need me to drive you home?”

Angelica took a deep breath and pushed a strand of hair behind her ear from where it had been matted onto her sweaty face, then nodded. Without turning back even to explain himself to his boss, Brian walked her to the exit and to the strip mall’s parking lot. Once there, though, he put a hand on his face in defeated realization and let out a “Crap.”

Angelica faced him. “What’s wrong?”

Brian sighed deeply, the sound of someone trying in vain to fix something they broke. “I forgot that we drove here in the company van. I don’t have any way of getting you home.” His voice sounded so sympathetic that Angelica almost wanted to cry.

“It’s okay, Brian. Trust me. I’ll call Lily, like I was going to do anyway. She’ll come and pick me up.”

Brian met her gaze, his eyes full of compassion. “Are you sure, Angie?”

She nodded, smiling affectionately on one side. Then, before he could argue, she stood up on her tiptoes to kiss him.

He returned the kiss briefly, but then pulled back and turned to look back inside. “I, um, I should probably get back now.” He rubbed the back of his head. “I’m guessing we won’t be going on that date tonight?”

Angelica swallowed. Why did that have to get ruined? “No, probably not.” Then, to keep the conversation from ending that way, she added, “Next week?”

Brian nodded and forced a smile. “Sure. Next week sounds good.” He began to back away, back into the car wash.

His face bore an expression that Angelica couldn’t place, but somehow it was filling her stomach with unease. Sure, she had discovered to her shock that she didn’t mind peeing herself in front of Brian, but there was no guarantee that he felt the same way. An emotion she couldn’t name was bearing down on her, and the next thing she knew, she blurted out, “I love you.”

Brian didn’t answer. He didn’t respond. In quite possibly the worst reaction he could have given, he merely stayed silent for a second or two before giving an almost imperceptible nod and a simple “I’ll see you later.” Then he turned away and strode back into the car wash, which now, in the clear afternoon daylight, looked dark and unfriendly.

Angelica’s stomach was tight as she pulled out her phone to call Lily and explain what happened. She was careful to omit the part about Brian being there, and about how he had seemed to grow cold toward her when saying goodbye. She was mainly afraid that if she tried to talk about it, she would start crying. She just couldn’t face that right now. For her part, Lily promised to be there as soon as she could, which meant close to half an hour of waiting.

Not wanting to see back inside the car wash, Angelica found a relatively secluded spot on the curb by the other side of the parking lot. Her butt now recovered enough for her to sit, there she sat, folding her arms over her lap to diminish the conspicuousness of her accident, and waited for Lily, all while trying to swallow the lump in her throat that wouldn’t go away.

~Aftermath~

The drive back home had a stiff and uncomfortable atmosphere to it. Lily had arrived in a new change of clothes and with the passenger seat covered with a trash bag and had seemed genial enough, but despite Angelica’s best attempts to act like nothing was wrong, their conversation never attained the degree of lively banter that it normally would. She also noticed that Lily kept giving her glances throughout the ride. Most likely she suspected that something was not quite right, but Angelica was desperately hoping that she would merely assume it was the embarrassment following an accident.

Since it was Angelica’s car, normally they would stop at Lily’s house first, and then Angelica would return to her own home. Today, though, she just wanted to get home and be by herself, in private, as soon as possible. She did her best to offer Lily the car for tonight in as nonchalant a way as possible, ostensibly so that they wouldn’t have to cover the driver’s seat as well, but based on the look Lily gave her in return, she knew that her feigned composure was being seen through. Still, Lily didn’t argue, and shortly thereafter dropped Angelica off.

Once at her own house, Angelica slipped inside undetected, then stole away to her room to strip down and change. The heaviness in her gut hadn’t abated, but she was coasting on pure momentum now. It wasn’t until a few minutes later, in the shower, that she was finally still enough for the dam to break. Her bottled-up angst broke free in a sob, which quickly devolved into painful, retching bawling of fearful anxiety. She curled up on the floor of the shower, not caring about the water splashing all over the side of her face, as she convulsed with dejected blubbering. She had been so happy. Everything with Brian had been like a dream come true. All her past instances that would have prevented her from being with him had disappeared in the wind, and they had actually become boyfriend and girlfriend—and best of all, he was the one who had initiated it. She had thought she had given him every reason to be scared off, but he hadn’t been.

But then, today, it had all fallen apart. After only two months of dating. Two months—was that even enough time to develop a mature relationship? For all she knew, the Angelica that Brian had fallen in love with was not who she was. She had never told him about her accidents, and he had probably assumed that the one he had witnessed was an isolated incident, like it would be for any normal person. Her worst fears were coming true. He really hadn’t known what he was getting into, dating her, and now he wanted out.

She wearily lifted herself up on one arm. Was that really true, though? He’d been compassionate enough after she’d wet herself, showing genuine concern—was his aloofness at the end simply him processing what had happened? She had no way of knowing what he was thinking…or what he was feeling. Then the words rang in her ears again: “I love you.” And he hadn’t said anything back.

The tears had stopped flowing, but only because she had run out. In her gut, she didn’t actually feel any better. She finished her shower, washing her face, and drank some water. Then she grabbed a packet of Pop-Tarts from the kitchen, retreated upstairs, changed into her pajamas, and locked the door.

The next morning, Angelica awoke feeling like garbage. She had slept very poorly, her sleep haunted by unsettling dreams, and the Pop-Tarts she had eaten without brushing her teeth had left a horrendous taste in her mouth. She checked her phone. It was later than she would normally get up, providing her not much more than enough time to get dressed and ready for Lily to pick her up. She quickly threw on a pair of jeans and an old T-shirt, hoping Lily had remembered to leave earlier than normal. She also saw, to her dismay, that there hadn’t been any texts from Brian. Granted, she hadn’t texted him either, but that didn’t make her feel less dejected.

As it turned out, Lily hadn’t quite gotten started early enough, and both girls ended up arriving close to thirty minutes late for work. Lily in particular seemed highly reticent to go back and face Mr. Armstrong, and Angelica had to try to encourage her, saying that everything would be okay. Actively trying to help her friend also lifted her own spirits, if only a little. Mainly, though, it gave her the courage she needed to face the day.

Once at work, Mr. Armstrong never mentioned the events of the previous day, other than when he called Angelica into his office to have her sign a form having to do with legal liabilities regarding her getting beaten by the roller brush. She was only half-listening, but signed without complaint or question. When she had gotten dressed that morning, she had examined her rear end to see that the welts were far less noticeable today and would most likely heal within a day or two. Other than that one encounter, Mr. Armstrong never once referenced the incidents that had taken place, though he did seem somewhat more awkward in his demeanor and was careful to ask how the girls were doing rather frequently. Lily, however, tried to make herself scarce whenever he came out. Evidently she didn’t want to have to face him just yet.

It wasn’t until mid-afternoon that a text came in from Brian, reading simply “I’m sorry I didn’t call you last night. Can we talk tonight?” Reading it sent butterflies all through Angelica, and she went through four or five iterations of a response before settling on “Of course! I get off at five.” She was afraid to say anything more, afraid to get her hopes up. There was still the very real possibility that he would be wanting to talk only to give some form or another of “it’s not you; it’s me.” Though it may very well be “actually it is you. What kind of person pees themselves that much?”

All Brian sent back was “Thanks. I’ll call you once you’re off.” The maddening ambiguity of his messages made it impossible to think of anything besides what their conversation might or might not be about, and the rest of the afternoon was passed in gnawing suspense as she tried to think of every possible thing he might say and how to handle it. It was like bracing yourself for the results of a medical test—until you knew what it would be like, you had no real idea of how to be ready for it.

The agonizing apprehension occupied her mind through all the rest of the day, making her unnaturally laconic towards Lily. When Lily asked what was wrong, Angelica felt she couldn’t tell her—not yet, not until she and Brian had their talk and something definite came out. Until then, trying to share with someone else, even her best friend, would only worsen the sick feeling in her gut. It was this state of not knowing, of uncertainty, that was the worst of all. So all she ended up saying was that she couldn’t talk about it right now because she was waiting for more information, but hopefully could tomorrow. It was an uncharacteristically aloof answer, but Lily didn’t push the issue.

On the drive back home after dropping off Lily, Angelica found her heart was beating harder with anticipation, and all her nerves were on edge. If only she knew whether the outcome of the call would be good or bad—this was worse than any “we need to talk” she had ever had from a parent or a teacher before. Her throat was tightening again, and she had to keep swallowing. She yawned nervously, trying to calm her nerves.

In addition to the other physiological effects, to her chagrin, her need to pee was also noticeably increasing. The drive only provided her with more time alone with her tumultuous thoughts and steadily filling bladder. Her plan had been to text Brian that she was available to talk as soon as she got home, but as the minutes passed, she knew that she would definitely have to go use the bathroom first. By now, she was bouncing in her seat, unable to quell the urge to go.

At long last, she pulled into the driveway of her home, unbuckling her seatbelt before she had even turned off the car. Her bladder was tensing up, intermittently contracting, and she was getting more and more desperate. Car in park, ignition off. She vigorously rubbed her thighs before opening the door.

Just then, though, her phone began buzzing with a phone call. Pulling it out of her pocket, she saw that it was Brian. Without any warning, her muscles seized up, and she had to hurriedly cross one leg over the other and bend over to keep from leaking. This was it. Her breaths were trembling with anxiety as she pushed the button to answer the call. “Hi, Brian.” Try as she might, she couldn’t keep the quaver out of her voice.

“Hi, Angie.” Brian’s voice was soft, but that was no consolation in and of itself. “Listen, I’m really sorry about taking this long to talk. I…I really should have called last night.”

“Oh, no, that’s okay,” Angelica lied. Her voice by now was higher pitched than normal, and she had to do a walk in place and cross her legs to stay in control.

“Okay.” Silence. Angelica had to bite her lip, both to keep from letting her nervousness froth over into logorrhea or her urine spill out into her pants. Then Brian sighed and continued. “I guess I was just sorting through what happened yesterday. And…I guess I mainly wanted to ask, are you okay?”

Angelica bent into a crouch, trying to keep from leaking. “Uh, yeah,” she replied. At the moment, she was far from okay, but she knew what he meant. He didn’t realize just how strangely okay she really was with what had happened. All her angst had been due to wondering if ­he was okay with it.

“Are you sure? Because it really could’ve happened to anyone. I mean, I’m sure it was pretty terrifying for you.”

So, he thought she had peed herself from fear? Huh. Well, she certainly wasn’t about to correct him. That would be, if possible, even more embarrassing. Then realizing she hadn’t given any kind of answer, she stammered out, “I, uh, I mean, I mean yeah.” She used her free hand to give her crotch a squeeze.

Brian sighed again. Was he trying to work up the courage to ask her why she wet herself so much? Or worse—break up? Angelica stood back up, but with her hand still in between her thighs. If this went on much longer, she would end up wetting her pants again. Eventually, he spoke up, his voice lower. “When—when you said you loved me yesterday…did you mean it?”

Angelica was silent. Was this some sort of test? Some way of seeing if she really cared about him if she thought he was about to dump her? It wasn’t fair to ask a question like that, especially when she was about to totally soak herself. She stayed quiet, wishing it didn’t have to be this way, wishing that she could make Brian love her back just by the sheer force of desire. But she couldn’t. Nor could she act as though she didn’t really love him in a contemptible attempt at self-preservation. How did the quote go? “’Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all”? Finally, after a long pause during which she had to fight hard to keep her urine in check, she answered—a simple, barely audible “yes.”

Brian gave another sigh, this one sounding relieved. “It was after I realized that I couldn’t drive you home—I, I realized…that I was trying to fix it. And, like, I know, that’s what they say guys always try to do in relationships, but it’s not that—it’s more than that. And I just felt so bad.”

Angelica didn’t understand what he was trying to say, in part because of his half-formed statements, and in part because she was having trouble focusing on anything other than her tingling bladder. Her sphincter kept starting to loosen on its own accord, and she had to actively maintain a tight clench. She pushed her hair behind one ear and attempted to concentrate. “I’m sorry, Brian, I, I don’t understand…”

Brian kept talking, his pace quickening. “I realized that that time at the farm—I made you have an accident. It was my fault. I got us both lost so you couldn’t get to a bathroom. And then yesterday—yesterday it was the same thing. I was the one who powered everything up before making sure it was safe. And, and, Angie—Angie, I am so sorry. So, so sorry. It was my fault.”

Slowly, gloriously, it began settling in Angelica’s consciousness and heart the realization that all her fears had been misplaced. If she was understanding him right, Brian had been afraid that she would want to break up with him. The relief was so palpable that she actually laughed, despite her best efforts not to. All the misery of the previous night was lifting. The scent of hope was filling the garden of her soul once more.

Unfortunately, with that relief came relief of another kind. As it dawned on her that she had nothing to be afraid of, she momentarily let go of the iron grip she had on her bladder, and a one-second burst of urine sprayed out into her panties. She immediately grabbed her crotch again, staunching the flow, and started speed walking toward the house. She needed to find a way to wrap up this conversation, and fast. On the other end of the line, she heard a tentative “Angie?”

Angelica remembered that she hadn’t replied yet. Moving as quickly as she could with her hand in her groin, and trying to keep from both losing any more pee and from sounding like she was about to, she answered, “Oh, oh, Brian, no, no, it’s okay. It’s totally okay. I’m fine, and you don’t need to apologize. Or if you do, I forgive you. Really.” She was in the house by now and mounting the stairs.

Brian laughed also, the joyous sound of fears evaporating. “Oh, that is so good to hear. Oh, thank you, Angie. Thank you so much. I was afraid you would never forgive me. I couldn’t even sleep last night.”

Angelica giggled while scissoring her legs open and closed. “You couldn’t sleep? I was up most of the night. I was afraid I had scared you off and that you were gonna break up with me.” She was standing in front of the bathroom, needing only to finish this conversation so she could pee. Being so close to a toilet was only magnifying her need, though, and she had to double over again, hand in crotch.

Now it was Brian’s turn to laugh. “You—you thought I was going to break up with you? Oh, Angie, no! No, no, never. No, Angie, I love you.”

Those words—those magical, fantastical, miraculous words. She thought she may just melt. Or if not melt, then maybe drip. At the sound of her greatest hope filling her ears, her bladder again contracted, and another one-second jet of pee leaked out into her underwear, warming the area all around her private parts. Here Brian was apologizing for making her wet herself, not knowing that he was doing it again!

“Oh, Brian.” Angelica’s voice, though still high-pitched and tremulous, was gooier than before. “Oh, Brian, I love you too.” Another leak forced its way out, and she could feel the fabric under her hand growing warm and damp. She lifted up one leg, then the other. “And don’t blame yourself for the times I wet my pants. Really. Trust me, they haven’t all been because of you.”

As soon as the words left her mouth, she realized her mistake. What she should have said was “they haven’t been all because of you,” meaning he hadn’t been the sole cause. What she had actually said instead let the cat out of the bag—and, as if on cue, something else was let out of somewhere else. The wetness began to extend out over her right thigh. She hoped that Brian wouldn’t notice the slip in her syntax.

Sadly, he was hanging on too closely to her every word for it to pass him by. “All? What do you mean, all? Were…there…other times?”

Angelica could feel her face turning red as her sphincter started releasing a trickle of hot urine out of her burning bladder. “Um, well, I mean, yeah,” was all she could manage in reply. She was still holding herself as tightly as she could, but her pee was beginning to slowly descend down her leg. She could feel it lazily flowing down her skin, followed shortly thereafter by the darkening of the denim. “Yeah, I’ve wet my pants different times. A lot of different times, honestly.” Talking about peeing herself was only making her current situation worse, and the trickle grew in strength, the wet spot now also spreading out under her hand onto her left thigh.

Brian was taken aback. “Wait, for real? You have?”

Angelica blushed harder. She couldn’t hold the truth or her urine in any longer. “Yeah. I’m—I’m actually—” She let out a grunt. “I’m actually wetting myself right now.”

The trickle turned into a full-fledged stream as she lost all power to hold back. Within seconds, both thighs were wet all over the front and the back, her pee separating into different channels on her right leg and creating an irregular patchwork stain. Her urine also poured directly through the saturated fabric of her panties and jeans, through the gaps in her fingers, and splattered straight down onto the carpet…not very far from where she had peed her pajamas on Halloween several years before, now that she thought about it.

When he spoke, Brian’s voice was incredulous. “What? Seriously? You’re joking, right?”

Angelica gave a self-deprecating chuckle. “No, I’m not joking. I had to pee but then you called as soon as I got home.” Her accident, caused more by heightened emotions than by excessive volume of urine, was coming to an end.

Brian’s tone was sympathetic. “Angie, you…you could’ve…you could’ve just told me…”

Angelica cut him off. “It’s okay, Brian. Really. As long as it stays just between you and me, I don’t mind. I really don’t.” The last drops were dripping from the inside of her right thigh. “Why do you think I even told you about having other accidents? It was bound to come out eventually.” She laughed to herself at the darkly humorous double meaning.

When Brian tried to interject again, Angelica adopted a gentler, more matriarchal tone. “Listen. Don’t worry about it. I won’t. I love you and can’t wait for our date next week, and that’s all that matters.”

Brian coughed lightly, as if to fill the gap where he couldn’t find words. Then he let out a breath and said, “Well, uh, I mean, okay. Just between us. Of course. I love you too, Angie. See you next week.”

Angelica smiled on one side and blew the sound of a kiss into the phone. “Bye.”

“Bye.”

Now that the call was over, Angelica blew her bangs out of her eyes with a long, relieved exhalation. Everything was all right between her and Brian—and he told her he loved her. She would sleep like a baby tonight.

Of course, before anything else, she had to clean herself up. Thankfully, the relatively small quantity of urine she had peed meant there wasn’t much of a puddle to speak of. Good. She knew from experience that cleaning up carpet was a nightmare. As she retreated to her room to find some clean clothes, she mused over the new development of Brian knowing about her accidents and what the ramifications would mean. She supposed the topic would doubtless come up next week when they went out for ice cream.

And when payday came, Angelica and Lily found that they had both been paid overtime pay for a full shift on that day.

*017*2020-06-06 11:31

Chapter 8 is now up and can be found here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/60034-angelica-and-lily-chapter-8-surgery/

.

