A Scientist’s Ordeal: A Jane Foster Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2020-11-07 20:49

Author’s note: This story takes place after the events of Thor: The Dark World and in before the events of Thor: Ragnarok

Jane Foster’s Apartment - 3:00 am

The beautiful astrophysicist Jane Foster lay in her bed asleep, next door to her bed was her bedside table and on there was her phone. Her phone started ringing and it woke her up. Jane sits up straight, which exposes her breasts and reaches to grab it “Hello!”

“Hi there Jane, it Darcy.”

“Darcy? Why the hell are you calling me at 3:00 in the morning?”

“Well apparently Thor is back and he, ummm... Wants to see you.”

“Really? Is he there with you?”

“Yes he is Jane, he doesn’t know that you moved.”

“Ok, I’ll be there soon, bye.”

“Bye Jane see you here.”

Miss Foster Jumps out of bed fully nude, she makes her way to her drawers to get dressed because she has a mega crush on Thor she decides to dress sexy in clothes that show off her giant breast and her long slim legs. She puts on pink panties, a grey jacket, a green checkered shirt with enough buttons to expose her boobs, wearing no bra and dark blue jeans. All of a sudden Jane feels a slight pang coming from her abdomen, she just remembered she hasn’t used the bathroom yet.

She was getting over her hangover with Darcy last night and she was surprised that she didn’t wet the bed, she peered her hands down and grabbed her crotch as tight as she could and walked to the bathroom. Her bladder grew and grew and by the time she reached the loo she was absolutely bursting, she firmed her grip over her crotch and hope she wouldn’t have an accident. Upon arriving her bladder swell up to the size of basketball and the pain was just getting started.

Now because her swollen stomach was hurting her, the pressure made it virtually impossible to take her jeans off. However by the time she made her discovery she was lightly pissing in her panties, she didn’t want to have an accident but she had to pass on her own rule to survive. As soon as she took off the pressure her flood gates opened, she felt her hot golden piss oozing out of her and creating a mess inside her pants...

She heard the chirps of birds as she was now in Asgard, she was placed naked in a bed. She wondered to herself was the whole Darcy calling at 3 thing a dream, she tried to get out of the bed, however she found a wet patch. She ripped the sheets off her to reveal that she wet the bed like a five year old girl and realised that she was dreaming, she was living on Asgard for almost a week now and that was the first wetting experience on the whole trip.

Usually Ms Foster usually can hold it in for an impressive amount of time as she’s actually made science experiments to aid her in holding, but there was that one time where she caused herself to have accidents every time she needed to go to the toilet. Although the side affects wore off days ago she didn’t quite feel the same after that predicament, Jane went to get dressed in her traditional Asgardian dress and went to gallivant outside. One of the main struggles she had to adapt to was that Asgard has no toilets, but the citizens use giant pots to go to the bathroom in, one time she remembered while peeing her ass wasn’t glued to the seat like it should and she fell off and went in her panties.

Today, Thor and Jane was going to have lunch with the Warriors Three, she was just thinking that it was a good idea to sleep nude as this was an unexpected trip and basically she never had any spare clothes to bring, well although that decision was only because she had sex with her boyfriend Thor last night, but the Asgardians did supply her with a lot of clothes. While walking down town square she meets Sif, who was part of the group she’s going to see at lunch and who was once Thor’s lover, as her soon to be husband told her she was very good at using her weapon in other circumstances.

”Hi Sif.” She said calmly, “Hiya Jane, are you ready for lunch?”

“Oh yes I’m ready for lunch. What time was it again?”

“Oh! At 3, bye Jane.” Jane was thinking back to her dream that Darcy called at 3, but that was in the morning and she was thinking that her dream was somehow connected to her life on Asgard or was it a retelling of today on Earth. Lots of strange stuff was happening to her after the aether was extracted out of her.

As time passed she was at the famed restaurant that they were having lunch, it was a pleasure to see each other again and Janegotbon very well with Sif, not because she was a strong independent woman, but rather because Jane wanted to overcome this hateful nature to wetting herself as Sif would love to just go at anytime and wouldn’t care where she was while doing it. Although that would be very hard for Jane, could you imagine her working with Darcy in a lab and Jane immediately pisses herself while doing the experiment - it would never work for her.

To Be Continued...

*001*2020-11-28 19:51

Asgardian restaurant (The Golden Arrow) 3:00 pm

In the extended periods of the café sat the Warriors Three, all anxious to see Thor and his sweetheart. Jane glanced totally dazzling in that blue Asgardian dress that she was wearing and she was eager to become acquainted with Thor's companions better. As the visitors began to sit down, Jane felt a practically recognisable inclination meaning she was frantic to pee, however she disregarded it and drank more Asgardian wine. A few minutes later she slid her hands under her skirt to close her floodgates in. She gripped her hand onto her groin, desperate holding it in just like a little girl would, in the meantime, Sif stopped for a moment to have a chat with the divine God of Thunder.

"So Thor reveal to me about how you initially met Jane." That was the only thing she heard from that conversation as she was too busy trying to making a decent attempt to hold her pee in. As Lady Sif wrapped up her discussion with Thor, Jane was totally bursting to pee. Her bladder was gradually creeping towards becoming full and realised that she didn't have a lot of time left.

She generally despised the idea of requesting to be pardoned to go to the restroom, she totally disliked enlightening others concerning her franticness to go to the toilet and as a rule would wear diapers to going in so she didn’t have to make a big fuss of going to the bathroom.

Another motivation behind why Jane resembles this is because of a scientific experiment where Darcy and herself needed to do over night. They decided to do it at the park and while being busy they both needed a wee, but to their misadventure all the latrines where closed and the two young ladies had to wet their pants. Anyway because of this mishap Jane took an affection to wetting herself deliberately and profounded her to continually wet herself.

This had to be the day where famed scientist Jane Foster forgot to wear a diaper and would be totally mortified if she in fact wet herself. The pain was absolutely killing her and it was getting unbearable, she knew she wouldn’t be able to keep a whole litre of piss inside her. “My I be excused, please?” She said hastily, everyone starred in silence until Thor nodded his head. Jane ran as fast as she could running to the nearest bathroom she could find, she ran like a pirate trying so desperately to find his or her treasure.

She felt herself slowly letting out sprouting droplets of piss stain her laced white panties, she knew she better speed up. She found nothing, so she ran up to a nearby citizen, who was a tall handsome young man and asked him where the lavatory is, the man politely took her to the restrooms and which resulted in a short walk. “Here.” The kind young man said confidently, Jane ran inside and was shocked to see a giant golden pot in the middle of the stall instead of a toilet. She pushed up her skirt and stripped off her panties and immediately squatting and in seconds start releasing her golden stream.

This must be where celebrated researcher Jane Foster neglected to wear a diaper and would be completely humiliated in the event that she so desperately needed to wee. The torment was totally executing her and it was getting excruciating, she realized she wouldn't have the option to keep an entire liter of piss inside her. "My I be pardoned, please?" She said quickly, everybody featured peacefully until Thor gestured his head. Jane ran as quick as she could racing to the closest restroom she could discover, she ran like a privateer attempting so frantically to discover their fortune.

She felt herself gradually let go growing beads of piss stain her bound white undies, she realized she better accelerate. She didn't discover anything, so she approached a tall attractive youngster and asked where is the toilet, the man affably took her to the bathrooms and which brought about a short walk. "Here." The caring youngster said unquestionably, Jane ran inside and was stunned to see a goliath brilliant pot in the slow down rather than a latrine. She pushed up her skirt and peeled off her underwear and quickly hunching down and in seconds begin delivering her brilliant stream.

Miss Foster felt eased as her piss filled the pot, she felt so loose and couldn't assist with moaning a little in view of how mischievous it was. She kept on purging her swollen bladder and at this point her fast stream shaped into a trinkle. As her final pee shot out of her, she felt unfathomably naughty and began snickering as the pot was arriving at its cutoff point. She at last wrapped up! She was unimaginably horny after this, she first revamped her appearance and then ran right back to the Asgardian bistro.

She was unable to accept how fortunate she was, today was likely the main day in her life where she wouldn't have any desire to have a mishap since she would not like to mortify herself in full perspective on the Warriors Three. Whom she just began getting all the more neighborly with them a couple of days prior. She sat down with her companions and polished off their dinners, not long after this Jane could hear Sif having a accident in her armoured attire as she could hear the hints of her pee running on the hard metal as opposed to rain pouring on a rooftop. She was unable to accept the juxtaposition of a popular champion losing a fight with her bladder and embarrassing herself under the table of the most renowned bistro in Asgard.

As Sif's wetting brought about spouts, she actually could hardly imagine how she had a mishap and she shuddering in what to do. She stood up and requested to be pardoned, this finished with her ready to go. She raced to the closest window and began to cry, tears ran down her eyes, her entire body was solidified after the difficulty and was she just couldn't live with that embarrassment.

She stood up and ran out of the eatery and ran right to the post purpose of the Asgardian River. There she purged her bladder and cried in sight of her mishap. A strange individual was strolling to her, she was unable to see what it's identity was and the shadows uncovered Jane. “JANE! Say back.” Said Sif furiously, “Now Sif look I feel so sorry for you I just came to see how you are... Look it’s alright to have accidents, I almost had an accident then.”

“Jane you don’t understand I’m weak if I can’t simply hold my pee in then I’m unfit of being a warrior, if I can’t simply do that then I can’t fight - I’m weak, I can’t believe I let myself go!” She looked up at Jane, tears were rolling down her eyes and onto her soft cheeks, Jane stepped forward to her to try her best to encourage her. “Look, I know how embarrassing this is but I’ve had my fair shares of accidents.

Like take this one for instance; I was doing a science venture with my companion, Darcy and it was late around evening time. We had to our investigation at that point and everything was shut, the shops, the meals, the bistros and above all the washrooms.

In any case I was so drunk from the previous evening and I woke up in the early hours of the morning eager to pee and I was unable to get up likely on the grounds that I was so full. Ultimately, I got up and I advanced toward the washroom, however at the specific time Darcy rang me to come meet her in the town square at 12:20, it was an entire twenty minutes away, yet I chose to hold it and which became excruciating activity. I arrived inside a couple of moments early, Darcy was at that point set up and we begin doing it as I truly felt I really needed to go and I also saw Darcy was desperate as well.

An hour passed by and I was going to have a mishap, I revealed to Darcy that I have to go and she disclosed the fact to me that she was dire need to go as well. We went straight to the restrooms, however to our karma it was closed and we had no place to go. This was all until I had a plan to go in the hedges and Darcy despised the thought, although I stayed by it and I understood that I don't have a lot of time left and in seconds I started wetting myself. It felt so warm inclination my hot piss running down my pants and went through an hour groaning to how energizing it was.

I was never the same person after this and today I purposely wet myself for fun and I'm so grateful that I decided to think of it. Those words burnt Sif's psyche, she presently felt frightened being within the sight of Jane and caused her to feel like she was going to have another incident. Sif was essentially dumbfounded, she was so stunned that her recently discovered companion was educating her concerning her wetting habits only minutes after her accident. “Teach me Jane... teach me about your habits and ideally it will cause me to feel better." Said an absolutely trembling Sif, “I can't show you now since I would prefer not to humiliate you in front of all the Asgardians, I can’t teach you later today because Thor’s going to take me for a ride and a he said that we won’t get back home until very late. Yet, I accept that I can show you tomorrow first thing or evening, how's that?"

"Gracious it's ideal, trust you have a protected excursion with Thor tonight. A debt of gratitude is in order for your assistance today Jane."

"Goodness! No issues."

As the two young ladies wrapped up their discussion they ran off back to the bistro and began leaving. Thor and Jane went straight home to their room. It was getting dark and when it's around evening time it turns out to be a lot hotter. The warmth was unquestionably coming to Jane, she was unable to accept how hot it was much more blazing than any of the whether back on Earth. Jane began sweeting strongly still in her streaming blue dress that she chose to take off to cause her to feel cooler, Jane lay on a hard seat in only her marginally sodden pink panties.

The thought originated from Thor tearing off his shirt and showing his muscular chest. As he got a brief look at Ms Foster, he felt staggeringly horny viewing an almost naked Jane and that was such a turn on for him. Jane consistently realized that Thor was turned on by her, that she chose to open herself to him, the God of Thunder watched his sweetheart taunt him with removing her panties and observed how she slid them off and she stared at him eager to invoke an answer. She took a gander at him and saw that he had developed an erection due to her highly sexualised behaviour, while viewing it in all it’s glory, it prompted her into saying the line"My goodness you’ve grown!" She purposely makes statements like this to taught her beau into having sex with her.

Jane gets up out of the chair and goes to lie on the bed and pleads for her lover boy to come over, however Thor reluctantly does so and results in having the “fun” begin. Jane unzipped Thor’s fly, took out his erected penis, and put it in her mouth. The God of Thunder could felt himself growing big and harder inside her mouth. She then stopped and commanded him to get on the bed, there she took his hand, and brought it to her pussy.

Thor started to feel the warmth of her vagina, it was deep, warm, and very wet. He locked eyes at his girlfriend as she was on top of him, however Thor rolled over to be onto of his girl so that he could be able to ride her properly. Her lover boy’s erection grew larger and harder, it felt like he was about to burst wide open. He then placed his massive cock into her ass, which brought about a profound moan from Jane and which made her vibe the need to cum. As Thor decided to go in deeper he felt the most peculiar sensation, that he thought went past straightforward sexual delight. It felt like something inside her, something remarkable inside her, were continuously managing him being connected to her climax of cuming and it felt so good to be naughty and to be honest this was actually Thor’s first time ever having a sexual intercourse.

To Be Continued...

