My Desperate Cousin

Author: Macson

*000*2018-03-09 04:34

Hello to everybody here. I have lurked on this site for quite awhile and have only just decided to make myself known. While I have dabbled in small writing projects in the past, this is my first crack at writing an omo story. I would love to hear any feedback below. What I'm going for is writing what I would like to read, which combines popular elements of the omo community, but is also different from most of what I've read on this site. So, while I hope everyone enjoys my stories, I reserve the right to like what I like . Without further ado, I give you my first story.

###

My Desperate Cousin: Chapter 1

I always wanted to be the person with great childhood stories to tell. Some are able to tell of their triumphs against impossible odds. Others tell of being inspired to follow in their idol's footsteps. A few are even able to describe the luxuries their childhood contained, thanks to their parents' good fortune. Despite my wishes, I have never been like any of those people. In fact, compared to most others, my childhood was relatively uneventful. My family did not move from house to house. My parents never divorced. None of my friends turned to alcohol or drugs. I never even had serious fights with siblings or bad experiences with lovers.

I simply did not experience much hardship. However, I was not quite raised with the silver spoon. My family always paid the bills, but to do so my parents needed to work full-time jobs, often leaving us kids alone for much of the day. We had plenty of money to get by, but not enough to take many vacations. We were the stereotypical "middle-class" family. I am very thankful for how stable my childhood was, but at times I feel like I was too fortunate. I realize that I am going into my childhood without introducing myself.

My name is Chris and I am in my twenties. I don't fully trust these internet sites so I am going to leave out some details of myself such as my exact age, address, last name, etc. You don't need to track me down to appreciate the stories I have to tell! I have two sisters, one older, one younger, and the three of us have always been close to each other. Unlike many siblings, we got along very well and always had each other's backs. Family has always been very important in our lives. Like I said already, our parents worked quite often. We spent many afternoons at our cousins' house, simply because our games had more players.

Our cousins were both from our mom's side. Our mom had a sister, who in turn had two kids, Emma and Violet. They were two of our best friends growing up. I should make our ages clear. Out of the five of us, My cousin Violet was the oldest, at five years older than me. Sydney, my older sister, was three years older than me. I was in the middle of the group. My cousin Emma was two years younger than me while Elizabeth, my younger sister, was four years younger than me. It was an interesting dynamic growing up as the only boy in the family. While it was awkward at times, it was very rewarding at others. Especially once I hit puberty.

It was when I was around twelve that I realized I was interested in girls needing to pee, sexually. I had always had a fascination with the subject, as well as the idea of accidents, but it was around this time when I started to understand my feelings toward the subject. I should point out that there must be a gene in my family which is damaged. This is because my family has always had trouble with pee. Maybe other families avoid the subject, but regardless, everyone in my family has always suffered from bladder issues and many accidents as well. This was a very enjoyable problem for me. Anyway, I am not here to discuss my family history. I have many memories which I'm sure you'll all appreciate, but I am going to force myself to reign in and tell a specific story now.

This experience took place during one of our few family vacations, which happened to be to Disneyland. Yes, we live in the United States. We did not, however, live close enough to make the trip by car. This trip did not just include my siblings and my parents, but my cousins and their parents as well. We all lived very close to each other and decided to fly out to California as a group. Our family always liked to save money where they could, so we got cheap seats toward the back of the plane. In our section, though, we were close to the front. The toilet was at the back of our section, which is important for later.

At the time of this trip, I was 12 years old and only recently was I sexually aware. Our plane's configuration was such that for each row, there were two seats on the left and two seats on the right, with an aisle going down the middle. Our seating arrangements were such that all 9 of us were seated on the right side of the aisle and we were split between five rows of two seats. Me and Violet sat together in the back row of our group. In front of us, each set of our parents sat together in the two rows in front of us. Past them sat my cousin Emma and my sister Elizabeth sat together. My sister Sydney, meanwhile, sat alone in the front row of our group, as she was at the age where she didn't want much to do with any of us.

Our flight began rather uneventfully. After we boarded the plane and took our seats, we were told that there was a problem with loading our luggage onto the plane and that our flight was going to be delayed by an hour. Since the plane was already boarded, nobody was very happy with this announcement. After the delay, and the usual pre-flight safety lecture, our flight got underway. Almost everyone in our area was asleep before our plane left the ground, including both pairs of our parents.

Before I get to the best part, I should describe Violet. She was a very beautiful girl and has grown to be a beautiful woman. I've heard that it is rather common for kids to have crushes on older cousins. That was the case with me and Violet. At this time, when she was 17, she was at the peak of her physical beauty. Her breasts were on the larger side, at about C cup size. Her ass, while not terribly big, was very round and muscular. She had long legs and beautiful dark brown hair. Her face was naturally perfect, at least in my eyes. Her eyes sparkled and her lips puffed into a smile which could melt a heart.

Being the oldest of us five, Violet had always taken on a very caring, protective role, almost like a mother. All of us went to her with our problems and she always knew how to help. She helped all of us through our sexual discoveries (well maybe not all of my discoveries ) and was a role model in our lives. On top of that, to a younger me she was the epitome of beauty. On this day, she wore a tight t-shirt which showed some of her wonderful cleavage. The shirt barely made its way to the top of her jeans, which were skintight and looked like they were about to burst, containing her ample, firm, figure. Her jeans were a light blue color.

Violet and I made regular conversation during the hour-long delay before takeoff. As our plane began taxiing off the runway, I noticed that she crossed her legs. At this time, I was at an age where I was starting to recognize the signs of desperation, although I knew that this was very likely nothing of the sort. We continued talking for about ten minutes before she uncrossed, and then recrossed, her legs. She also shifted slightly in her seat. I was wondering if she was starting to need to pee. I had certainly seen her desperate before, but only slightly, and never in a place where she may not be able to do anything about it. As time went on, she became more complacent in our conversation and began shifting her legs more often. At about thirty minutes into our flight, she suddenly grabbed her stomach and clenched her face for a moment, before saying to me, "I really should've peed before we got on the plane."

I was surprised at her openness, to say the least. She recrossed her legs and began rocking in her seat, but the seat belt light had not turned off and I figured it would stay on for another fifteen minutes at least. How bad did she need to go? I assumed it must be starting to worry her if she talked about it. Would I finally get to see her pee her pants? Flustered, I responded with the first thing that came to mind. "Are you gonna be able to hold it?" I asked. Her reply was even more surprising than the words which had just effortlessly flowed from my mouth. "I'm not sure. I hope that light turns off soon!" She replied, indicating the seat belt light, which, when on, meant that all seat belts were to remain fastened. In these brief moments, I began fantasizing what her beautiful ass would look like with a big wet spot and streaks running down her legs. Damn it! I was starting to get turned on.

I think she realized that by indicating her need, there was not much point hiding it from now on. She was now rubbing her stomach -- I would later learn that this was the location of her bladder -- and she was crossing and recrossing her legs very frequently. At this point we stopped our conversation from before. She couldn't have focused on it anyway. As the minutes passed by, she was starting to look more and more concerned. It was about an hour and a half into the flight when she seemingly had another wave of desperation. She quietly gasped and grabbed herself between her legs very tight. She realized how immature she looked at that moment and said to me "I'm sorry, I just don't want to pee my pants." I was in heaven.

A few minutes later, the seat belt light finally turned off. Violet was so focused on not flooding her pants that she didn't realize it turned off until she heard the sound of many people getting up from their seats. She peered over the back of her seat to see a sizable line forming for the one bathroom. She whispered "oh no" and looked very worried. "I really need to pee." She said as she cautiously stood from her seat. Standing in place, she couldn't help but bend forward at the waist and shift her weight from foot to foot. Now that she was standing, it was clear to anyone who looked at her that she desperately needed a toilet.

Due to the small amount of space between rows of seats, she scooted past me sideways, facing away from me. In her desperate position, her ass stuck out and was not far from my face. This continued to turn me on and fuel the erection forming in my jeans, which were starting to feel rather tight. She made her way into the aisle and joined the line. I looked back to try and guess her wait time and I saw at least ten people in front of her. At this point, I wanted to keep my eye on her without making it too obvious. I would look back every few minutes to judge how quickly she was moving up.

For one reason or another, the line was moving very slowly, and it was not helping Violet at all. She was now forced to keep a hand in her crotch at all times, occasionally scissoring her legs to help stem the tide, which was building inside her. Roughly ten minutes had now passed and she was only half way through the line. I couldn't imagine how badly she needed to go, having been desperate for over an hour. Suddenly, the plane shook. At first I was confused, but it quickly occurred to me: turbulence. I watched Violet crane her neck around the line to gauge how much longer she needed to hold on. Then, out of nowhere, flight attendants made their way down the aisle, telling those in line to make their way back to their seats. I watched as Violet pleaded with the kind woman to let her pee because it was an emergency, but the attendant told her that due to upcoming turbulence, she simply had to wait.

Violet shuffled back to our row and related to me what I had just witnessed. This was one of the horniest experiences of my life. I began to worry about her noticing the big erection which had formed in my pants. My dick was throbbing, I was so turned on by this. Violet once again made her way to her seat, right in front of me. Like before, her ass pushed out toward me. However, this time as she was right in front of me, the plane shook again, and she lost her balance, landing right in my lap. She instantly plunged both hands into her crotch and began wiggling in my lap, unknowingly giving me my first (and best) lap dance. She stood up and took the remaining step needed to get to her seat and sit down. We refastened our seat belts and prepared for the rest of the flight.

I was still thinking through what had just happened when she suddenly said, "I just peed a little when I fell." In disbelief, I looked at her and she nodded her head, yes. She briefly removed her hands from her crotch and I saw the small wet spot on her jeans. The moment was about to happen! I was about to see her pee her pants! She doubled her efforts and seemed determined not to wet herself, but it was clearly too late. After only a few more minutes of intense effort, she began leaking every few minutes. Not ten minutes later, she finally gave in to the inevitable and released the pent up flood from within.

While many people overestimate the length of wettings, I had the foresight to count the seconds it lasted. It was clear when she started peeing full force because she inhaled sharply and grabbed at her stomach. She held her breath the whole time, releasing her breath when it ended. At that moment, I had counted to twenty-one seconds. An impressive time, given how much she had already leaked.

Violet was embarrassed by this, but as I said before, it was not uncommon in our family. All of us had accidents throughout childhood, high school, and some of them continued into college. Both of our parents were very understanding of the situation and did not give Violet any grief about what happened. The only real bad part about the situation was the walk off the plane, although I suspect that the other passengers did not expect Violet to make it, given the display she put on before going back to her seat. This was one of my favorite wetting memories from when I was younger, but it was certainly not my only one!

###

Wow, almost 3k words. I may go back and edit this to give better flow (pun not intended (but pun kept)). For some insight, this is the first time I have made it past 1k words on a project. I am not known for my patience. With the exception of the rather poor ending -- which I didn't have the patience to continue working on -- I am pleased overall with how this turned out. Being my first omo writing experience, I treated this as more of a test of my ability to write desperation/wetting than a show of talent. As I said before, I am looking forward to any and all criticism anyone is willing to share. I would certainly like to improve my ability and I have seen some really good writers on here!

Also, I would like to hear if any of you would like a followup(s) to this? A major revision to this specific story? Am I crazy for trying this and should I go back to being a reader, not writer? I am open to ideas on future settings and scenarios. I am willing to write (and like to read) almost all of the sub-genres on this site, with the exception of fantasy. A list of topics I am willing to try my hand at include (but are not limited to): bed-wetting, messing, characters (from tv, movies, etc.), swimsuit, in the car, etc. I'm sure that I'm missing many things.

Also, I would like to share my plan for how I might move forward with stories. This story was mostly in my comfort zone. With only a small section of omorashi, and a vanilla story, it played to my strengths as a writer. In the future, I want to try pushing my boundaries a bit more. This includes my favorite topic: forced wettings. By this I mean when one character is the reason another ends up wetting. I plan to hopefully incorporate more of this in the future, possibly within the context of a setting like one from above. Let me know your thoughts on this and thank you for reading my first attempt at this type of story. I look forward to seeing your feedback

*008*2018-03-13 06:39

{{On 3/8/2018 at 10:13 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

This was incredible

}}

{{On 3/8/2018 at 10:45 PM, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent for your first story ^^

}}

{{On 3/9/2018 at 12:35 AM, DerivativeWings said:

This is quite good! Always fun to see up-and-coming fiction writers try their hand for the first time!

}}

{{On 3/9/2018 at 4:39 AM, 126 said:

I enjoyed a lot reading your story. Compliments!

}}

{{On 3/10/2018 at 9:56 AM, AliasnameTO said:

It was good! :)

}}

{{On 3/11/2018 at 2:25 PM, Rinatro said:

That was a good read.

}}

{{6 hours ago, holdit247 said:

Yep I agree, good story.

}}

I am very happy that all of you enjoyed the story. I certainly enjoyed writing it. I have toyed with the idea of writing an omo fic for a long time and I've gotten close to finishing stories, only to second guess myself and choose not to post. That being said, it felt great to finally let something out and again, I am glad that it was appreciated.

*009*2018-03-13 07:03

{{On 3/8/2018 at 10:13 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

Would love to see a sequel with this same cast!

}}

Rest assured, I am working on it, although I have no idea when it might be ready. This one took about three hours of hyperfocusing and I do not have that much free time very often. It is still in idea mode, and I am starting to get a shape of where it is going, but going forward with this family I want to A) put more thought into setting up not just the current chapter, but future chapters, to give more cohesion and fewer curve balls and B) find a way to balance my tendency to include too many details and tangents, with my desire to write something in the format of a novel. I am not happy with myself unless I see a work as being of a certain quality. Now I see that I have already broken my rule about tangents. Simply put: I (think) a sequel is coming!

{{On 3/9/2018 at 12:35 AM, DerivativeWings said:

As you said, the end to the story is perhaps a little abrupt, but I thought the buildup did a lot of things right. It's highly descriptive and gratuitous, which makes perfect sense given the main character.

}}

I realized that there were issues with the ending after I wrote it, but I decided that it was better to post with issues than to end up never posting. I'm glad you liked the buildup. I feel like the background information is what sets a story up for either success or failure. I know it was pretty long compared to many stories, but I am glad you liked it.

While I did want the character to sound like a teenage boy, there are certain parts of the descriptions that simply have to do with what I like to read. I want to end up (maybe not in this family's story) exploring the boundaries of my writing, between omorashi and sex. Like an omo story you would see on Literotica. I have found hardly any stories like that which I enjoy and so I want to broaden that category. Call it my niche if you wish. In that sense, this was my trial run for that sort of writing. Luckily, I found a character for whom it fits well.

{{On 3/10/2018 at 9:56 AM, AliasnameTO said:

With all the family background (a lot of the early info regrettably unnecessary) you have a clear setup for a lengthy series.

}}

When I began writing this, I chose to include a large amount of background information, with the goal of cutting down on time spent building up future chapters. I thought that the more I put into describing the first, the easier it would be in the future. I actually had to cut out almost half of the original background info I was going to include in this story. The other info will need to wait to be revealed in future episodes. I would certainly love to make this a long series. My goal was never to make a one-off story. However, due to circumstances outside of my control, I will have to wait and see if I can find the time to continue this (potential) series.

{{On 3/11/2018 at 2:25 PM, Rinatro said:

I'd be interested in reading about the rest of the family.

}}

If I can get around to writing more pieces to this story, I will certainly strive to include many other characters. I never wanted to focus solely on the older cousin. She will most likely make returns, however. Maybe her omo gene is just more powerful than the rest of the others.

{{6 hours ago, holdit247 said:

My critique? I was expecting her to comment when she fell in your lap and felt your erection, creating an opp for another story to come perhaps...

}}

I am glad you mentioned this, although it makes me second guess myself even more. I am not joking when I say I must have spent upwards of thirty minutes trying to choose a direction for the three or four sentences surrounding her fall. I kept going back and forth between wanting to lead into something else, or continue with the single plot. Ultimately, you know that I chose to continue the omo plot, but I was torn all the while. I wanted to experiment with more of a omo-meets-porn type of story, but I was worried that the characters didn't lend themselves to that type of story in a way which would be considered "tasteful" for many of the readers on this site. Certainly, some of the things I want to write in the future would bring a gasp to their faces and I'm aware that they will not be terribly popular. Perhaps I can bring some element of a sex story between the cousins in during their college years, where they are over the age where readers start raising a fuss.

