Tsukasa Makes a Mess: A Lucky Star Fanfic [Contains Messing]

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*000*2019-01-14 01:55

Tsukasa was sitting in her final class, blushing madly as her bowels ached. She had made it through the entire day, desperate for a bathroom, but because of some girls fooling around in the bathrooms, they were closed to students unless the students were trusted. But Tsukasa was not trusted. She was one of the girls who fooled around in the bathrooms when they were caught. She couldn't go relieve herself, so she had to wait until she got home.

Tsukasa desperately wanted to let out a few farts, but would be far too embarrassed to do it during class. So she waited until she left school to actually let out some wind.

The final bell rang through the school, and all the students began packing their things and leaving the class. Tsukasa carefully stood, and blushed as a quiet, little fart escaped from her rear uncontrollably. The pressure from the seat wasn't there anymore, allowing the unwanted fart to escape.

As she began packing everything into her backpack, she smelled her fart faintly. But there was plenty more inside of her, she just had to get outside before she could actually release it.

She put her backpack on, and followed the rest of the students with one hand on her stomach. Her bowels grumbled silently as she whinced slightly.

Tsukasa exited the school and began making her way down the street, and turned down the walkway onto another street. She glanced to her left, then to her right, and smiled as she seen no one around. No one ever went on the street that she took home, luckily. She smiled before relaxing her rear, and a loud brrrrrrrrrfrrrrrrrrrt sounds from her bum as a loud, dry fart released from her bowels. She moans silently as she blushes, feeling the relief of releasing her air to be extremely amazing. Just as she released her air, she felt a tingle down in her nether region. Could Tsukasa be enjoying this a little too much?

"Aaaah~ it feels to good~" Tsukasa said to herself silently. She pushed, and a pfffrrrrrrrrrt sounds as more wind escapes from her rear. She found herself to be enjoying her predicament a little, being a little disappointed that she couldn't smell her flatulence.

She continued making her way to her home, pushing out a fart every now and then. She finally reached her front door of her house, taking her keys out of her pocket and frantically putting them in the door as she placed a hand on her stomach, whincing. Her bowels churned angrily, a large portion of poo that urgently needed to be evacuated nearing the escape. A loud, sudden frrrrrrrrrrrrrrt escaped as a smelly fart escaped from her rear, the mess getting closer to escaping.

Tsukasa kept getting the wrong key as she let out a pained whimper. Just then, a bit of solid poo began poking out from her rear, causing her to whine audibly as she fumbled with her keys, trying to find the key to unlock her door.

The mess squeezed further out before it touched cotton, meeting the resistance of her panties. She continued fumbling with her keys as her poo began to push her pink panties out.

She finally found the right key, and inserted it into the lock of the door. Even though she finally got the key inserted into the door lock, her body seemed to have other plans.

As soon as she inserted the key into the door, her body involuntarily caused her to push, a loud crackle sounding from her rear as poo began roping out from her bum and into her pink panties. Tsukasa gasped and blushed madly as her panties began bulging out.

The crackling began to get more muffled as her panties began sagging down with the additional weight being exerted into them, the brown mass growing in size. Her skirt hid her accident, but Tsukasa felt and smelled what was going on as she gave up, and pushed voluntarily, causing a sudden splooooorch to sound as brown mess exploded from her bum and into her filled panties.

She breathed heavier as she grunted cutely, pushing again as the bulge continued ballooning out, the seat of her once pink panties now turning to a brownish pink colour.

The mess began spreading quickly across both her bum cheeks as her lower lip quivered and her cheeks flushing. She moved her hand that was on her stomach to the rear of her as she placed it softly on the slightly ballooned skirt as she pushed.

She grunted adorably as she pushed the last of the mess out, blushing deeply as she whimpered. The deed was done. Tsukasa just filled her panties.

"Oh.. I just... oh no..." She told herself as she blushed. She turned the key and unlocked her door, entering it before closing it behind her, the mess shifting about in her panties. The stench from her accident wafted up her nose as she blushed, keeping her hand placed on her rear. Soon, Tsukasa found herself slightly enjoying her accident.

"It feels... weird... But warm.." She told herself. Tsukasa found herself staying in her soiled panties for a few hours before finally cleaning up. It was quite a messy afternoon for Tsukasa.

*002*2019-01-14 17:19

{{10 hours ago, deepAzure said:

That was fun. Definently 10/10.

}}

Hey thanks for the feedback! Glad you liked it! ♡

