An Unlikely Friendship: A Batgirl & Catwoman Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2021-01-25 04:52

Author’s Note:

This story is set in an alternative reality were after two years since the Joker’s death, the great criminal, Catwoman decided to give up her life of crime and instead joined sides with her old foe Batman. Also Robin has decided to leave his sidekick role and form his own superhero team ‘the Teen Titans’, however Batgirl does not like the change, but she will eventually learn to like the change.

Episode 1 - An Old Friend Returns Part 1:

Wayne Manor - Early hours of the morning/7:41 AM - 8:10 AM:

It’s been a year now that Selina Kyle gave up being a villain and become a superheroine instead. She’s currently working with her boyfriend and hopefully soon to be husband, Bruce Wayne clean the streets of Gotham, after the events of the death of the Joker. Selina was sleeping with Bruce in one of the main bedrooms located in Wayne Manor after an exhausting day of crime fighting, it must’ve been close to 5 AM when Ms Kyle suddenly woke up with a burning sensation to pee.

She quickly turned to wake up her master, Selina saw Bruce’s eyes were starting to open up and not long after he was awake.

“Oh Bruce!”

“Selina what’s the matter?”

“I have to pee so badly!” Bruce was so turned on by this.

“Look Selina, just go in the bed. I don’t care.” Those words made her so happy as memories flooded back when she was a villain and how Joker’s goons never allowed her to use any of the bathrooms in their boss’s lair.

Selina went back to sleep and allowed her body to what it wants in the bed, the very thought of waking up completely soaked the bed and to have your boyfriend proud of what you did just turned her on.

The time was now 7:00 AM, Selina awoke to the beautiful sounds of birds chirping and feeling very warm. She ripped open the sheets to see if she in fact wet the bed last night, there she found that the whole bed was soaked in her piss and because she was sleeping on an angle her pee went on Bruce’s thighs, which probably dampened her boyfriend’s side.

In a matter of seconds, billionaire playboy philanthropist, Bruce Wayne woke up, Selina turned to see her lover getting up and said

“Good morning Brucey, did you enjoy sleeping in my accident?” She said it in the most flirtatious way of saying it.

“Yes, I enjoyed very much.” Selina let off a cheeky grin. “Selina can I ask you a question.” She nodded gently. “How long did you hold it in for?”

The question cause Selina to blush, but told Bruce anyway. “I held that in since we came back from Penguin’s hideout at the docks.”

“Wow, so your telling me you held that in since we came back from Penguin’s hideout. Wow! Selina that’s incredible! So you held that in for an hours drive back to the Batcave, wow!”

“Bruce, now you know how I hold it, I think you should know why I do it.”

“I want to.”

Bruce said eagerly, just before Selina could tell him her secret the doorbell rang.

Knowing that Alfred was still asleep he would be the one to open the door, he shifted himself out of the bed to put his dressing gown on and left saying these words “I won’t be long.”

The doorbell rang again, Bruce started to hurry up to the door and in few seconds he made it. He opened the door to reveal a young girl with red hair that flowed just past her shoulders was sleek, weighed down with heavy beads at the base to hold it still and was dressed in a black T-shirt with a tight blue skirt. Mr Wayne instantly recognised the girl as Barbara Gordon, the Commissioner’s daughter and he noticed that young Barbara had her legs crossed and had her hands wedged in them.

“Thank heavens you came Bruce, I'm in dire need to pee, I had excessively a lot to drink prior to coming here." Barbara said and gave out a little giggle and which made Bruce laugh also. “Well come in, I don’t think I want my porch to be water damaged.” Bruce said sarcastically.

He let her in and revealed to her that the washroom is only a few doors down and while rushing to restroom, she kept in mind that she better not loose control and stain Bruce’s pristine white tiles. Meanwhile Bruce strolled back to his room to get dressed and as he returned, he saw Selina still completely naked and had the sun’s rays highlighted on her curvy body while she was stretching.

Selina could tell that Bruce was enjoying the view as his only Bat-gadget that he kept on was now pointing to the ceiling. The two got dressed cheerfully together, in the interim Miss Gordon was almost there, she felt herself begin to leak in her jeans. She recoiled with shame as she probably was aware that most likely she wouldn't make it, yet she persisted in reaching the lavatory.

She began to run for it, however in the process she began leaking significantly quicker and tears flung out knowing the fact that she wouldn't make it as she had expected. At last she arrived at the corridor that contained one of the numerous washrooms that the Manor contained, she halted briefly and examined the her accident and discovered that the entire base of her black jeans were totally damp.

Without a further ado she ran inside the bathroom with her hands jammed in between her legs, she shut the door immediately and started to unbuttoned herself. She could feel that in any moment she could pop and quickly sat down with her panties still on and her floodgates opened, Barbara sighed in relief that she finally made it.

“Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”

Her face quickly flushed itself from straining, however she was unable to hold back her moans and was glad that she just made it on time. She opened her eyes and watched herself piss through her light blue panties, usually Babs would be cursing herself for going in her underwear. But today she really didn’t care at all because her whole ordeal today turned her on so much.

Barbara finally finished peeing and reached for some toilet paper to wipe herself, she then shortly flushed the toilet, took off her wet panties and placed her skirt back on. As she started to make her way outside she turned to the bin and threw her evidence away, she then ran to regroup with Bruce, She eventually found him sitting with Selina on the couch.

Miss Gordon really hated Selina because she never forgave her for helping The Joker bomb the GCPD, which killed many people on the force and which badly injured her father. She managed to regroup with Wayne, but in the process she saw that Selina and him were together and noticed that she couldn’t stop touching the billionaire and Babs knew that Kyle was tempting Bruce to have sex with her on the couch.

She was so jealous of Selina because she was madly in love with Bruce too from the start and really desperately wanted to have sex with him - having sex was her wet dream and couldn’t stop imagining the scene. However never got the appropriate time to how her dream come true, but there is still time.

Alleyway Near Gotham Docs - 7:41 PM:

A slim young woman was out jogging late at night, a mugger later spotted her and was ready to pounce.

“Give me all your money!” The mugger said coldly. "Okay." The little youngster said.

A chilly dull shadow showed up, the young lady saw it's Bat molded shadow and right away arrived at the resolution that Batman came to rescue her, however her belief would in time become wrong. The mysterious figure didn't talk at all and ultimately strangled the attacker to death, the young lady was terrified as she realised that Batman wouldn’t murder anybody, which made her realise that she was in a difficult situation. The figure stepped into the light to reveal a hideous bat-like creature, she got a huge fright and ran all the way to the GCPD to inform them of the encounter with the creature.

8:00/8:12 PM - Batcave/GCPD:

The new dynamic trio were all stationed in the Batcave waiting for the arrival of the Bat-signal, soon after their waiting end an proceed to leave their alter egos and suited up to get ready to fight crime. The team rode off to the GCPD to receive their mission from Commissioner Gordon. As the team arrived they grappled themselves up on the rooftop of the Police Station and there, Gordon was waiting for their arrival.

"Hi Batman, Batgirl and Catwoman!" Said Jim Gordon energetically. “What seems to be the problem Commissioner?” Said Batman inquisitively. "All things considered, a young lady came in before saying she was out jogging close to the docs, got robbed and a mysterious bat-like animal came and saved her, anyway it killed her assailant. I accept that Man-Bat is free as a bird again Batman, stop him before he can harm your standing like the last time you halted him.

I believe that Man-Bat is on the loose again Batman, stop him before he can damage your reputation like the last time you stopped him.

“Don’t worry Commissioner, Batman, Catwoman and I would be able to stop Langstrom again.” Batgirl said very boldly. “I admire your courage Batgirl, I have faith in you three. Good luck! “Much appreciated Jim." Said Batman after they all vanished like a phantom.

To Be Continued...

