Pinkie pie panty poop fanfic

Author: Gerogew

*000*2022-02-14 23:41

Pinkie pie went to sugar cube corner to work, but she realized a log was knocking her back door. Pinkie pie simply stopped what she was doing and clenched her ass extremely hard saying “you come out when I say you can come out”. After this declaration of power her urge subsided and she continued doing her shores without a single worry. Pinkie pie was alright until she squatted down to pick up so boxes when her log slid down to the tip of her anus, only stopping by pinkies extremely hard clenching. She exclaimed “trying to catch me off guard I see, well now I really won’t let you out” then using her finger to press the poop back in not caring that in the process she left some Hershey marks in her panties. For a while Pinkies mischievous log of poop didn’t try anymore schemes until Pinkie pie took her break and sat down. While sitting down Pinkies log slid out again this being stopped only by pinkies hand that she pressed hard against her anus.

She says “ now your really getting on my nerves I was thinking of going to the bathroom when I finished lunch, but now I’m waiting until the last second before I shit my panties to let you out”. While sitting Pinkie took this chance to rest and unclench her anus letting the log slid out only to be stopped by the chair she was sitting in. Pinkie now bored started to play with her mischievous log sucking it back in and pushing it out again. She stayed turtle heading the log until her break was over, but there was a problem now holding her log of poop became increasingly more difficult. Pinkie went back to work, but with each passing wave her turd got harder to hold so now she was basically walking around delaying the inevitable.

Pinkie managed to fight her turd for 15 more minutes until she felt a fart coming so she let it out and immediately felt her turd slid out of her anus its progress only stopping by her hand that she pressed against her rear. Pinkie Pie decided it was finally time to stop being stubborn and go to the bathroom. She slowly Walked to the bathroom trying not to fill her panties until she was met with a closed door. She started to think this was some kind of punishment for waiting until the last minute possible, but a need to fart took her back to reality. Pinkie tried with all her might to hold on the fart but in flash she unclenched her anus for a single second and the turd she had been holding since morning slid past her anus, this time stopped by nothing. Her panties completely filled with poop and Pinkie almost felt orgasmic relieve.

Part 2 coming soon

Picture link https://derpibooru.org/images/1319076

$$

