Faust's Daily Dimensional Diving for Desperate Developments - Page 2

Author: AuthorFaust

*025*2019-09-05 02:06

[Day 8: A Tight Fit]

"Ahaha....This...this is bad..."

It had been a thankfully sunny day when it happened.....But, the fact it was happening wasn't much of a comfort.... What happened, one might ask...

"I'm...I'm completely stuck."

Any passerby could see the bottom half of a figure, dangling precariously from the second floor window of a home....A pair of long, black stockings riding up to the upper thigh....And, with a swift, timely breeze...One could see teal striped panties, under a black skirt...No matter how hard a stretched back hand could fight it.

"Suguri, you have got to stop forgetting your house key."

On the inside of the home, the top half of a girl could be seen, wedged between a window from the hip down. One arm dangled over the edge, about to touch carpet....While the other remained nearly pinned at her side.....A very unfortunate position to be stuck in....

It had been a day, much like any other. Classes had been their usual, droll, dreary, and boring affair as usual......And, the track team was meeting for the day....

Only to have gotten cancelled merely half an hour after she'd arrived.

"What? Awww, but i was just getting into my groove.." the silverette complained to a burly looking senior...Who merely shrugged his shoulders, and told her the football team was going to be using the field soon. She hopped a bit in place, having just finished her stretches, before the news was brought down on her.... And, she sighed.

"Meeting's cancelled everyone! Go on home!" the leader called, the other students shrugging and mumbling off in turn as they trekked away from the field.... Notably, less invested than she was.

"Don't get them.." the girl started, lightly kicking her feet as she did a light jog in place...Watching as they all left without a word. "They all just give up the moment the other teams want the field. It's depressing to see, honestly.."

She took a glance over the horizon, in case the football team was already pacing over... But, thankfully...It looked to be empty for a bit longer....

"I'll just take a few quick laps.." she stated to herself, moving over to a starting position. Normally, she would change into her gym uniform for running, of some loose sport shorts, and a plain t-shirt...But, it was getting a bit nippy for her liking, and if she was going to have to leave early....

Well, nothing wrong with her blue jacket, and black skirt. It's not like anyone was around to see under it as she sprinted....

"Ready....and.......GO!" she called out, clicking the watch, and then rocketing across the field at full speed.... Clearing fourty meters in a little over four seconds, and only easing her pace slightly as she started to circle the field.

If there was one part of her running she was proud of, it was her acceleration....Though, she had to make sure not to go for too far....Lest she burn out herself quickly.....

Roughly a minute later, she skidded to a halt, and clicked her watch......Panting lightly, as she wiped the sweat from her brow.

"Phew....Minute thirty...." she called, glancing down. "Not bad....But not good either...."

She slid over to a bench, grabbing her water bottle and squirting a healthy dose into her mouth as she resumed stretching her legs, looking over in the distance once more.

"Maybe i can squeeze in a few more laps before they arrive.." she thought to herself, giving her body just enough time to rest... Before she went for her sprint again....

And again...

And again....

"Minute twenty eight..."

"Minute Twenty Five.."

"Minute Twenty!"

Each lap, met with a prompt chug of water...Each sprint, a dash.....A jolt, and a record setting pace....For anyone else in the club.

"Don't think I'll ever beat my minute five time.." she thought to herself, having gone full tilt one day...Running as fast as she could, for as long as she could. She was on top of the world for that single minute, easily breaking a school record.....

But, as she'd crossed the finish line, she took a nasty spill... And felt the exhaustion catch up to her just as the pain subsided. It was an impressive run... But, followed by a few weeks of being forced to take it easy....

It was....troubling.

'Spend my whole life running... And i slipped up once..' she thought to herself as she nipped at the bottle... Eventually squeezing the last drop out of it, as she glanced over the horizon.

"It's been nearly an hour..." she thought, as she put away her things.. "Wonder where the football team is..."

She'd gotten her runs in, but without anyone else there to marvel at her times, it felt... Kind of hollow, and empty to her. She grabbed her bag, slung it over her shoulder, and started on the short walk home.

It was a brisk jog, but one that always gave Suguri time to think about things in general. Be it nationals coming up, the impossibility of math class, or various romantic endeavors....

She enjoyed the quiet time... But, something about it always...troubled her.

'Maybe I can ask my sister for help tonight..' she thought to herself, involuntarily picking up the pace of her jog. Sometimes, it felt just...wrong to her when she would try to take a quiet walk.... The weeks of recovery from her nasty fall making her cherish her mobility......

To the point, it almost felt like a waste if she wasn't running everywhere.

As she came up to her home though, a hand dipping to her bag revealed...an uncomfortable problem.

"I...where'd i put my key.." she thought out loud, digging through her things, her jacket pockets, and even at the hem of her skirt...

"Shoot.." she snapped, gripping the doorknob... And rattling it to no avail. "No key under the mat...No backdoor in......"

She would have to retrace her steps...She would have to circle back.. She would have to...

Pang..

....

"Ah... darnit, not now.." she grumbled quietly to herself, suddenly crossing one leg over the other quietly, as she glanced downward. She'd been drinking a lot of water, to stay hydrated.... But, since the school meeting was cancelled, she didn't think to stop by the bathrooms on the way back.... Prompting her to turn her head.

"Is the school even open this late.." she thought to herself, knowing that the football team would be monopolizing the bathrooms outdoors, so retracing her steps would lead to running into a long line, or worse when she arrived at the school....

Pang...Pang..

"If i even make it that far.." she grumbled, glancing back at the home.....And glancing upwards, as if being struck by inspiration...

"Right! The old window on the side!" she called, clapping her fist into her hand. "The lock's busted, so I can just...Climb up, and slide in through there. Easy-peasy...."

She gave a light shudder, glancing around at the neighbors as her voice dropped to a lower tone.

"Well, easy, no-pee-sy, is the goal.." she told herself, glancing around for a point to climb up.... Seeing a drain pipe leading out from the gutters.... And springing into action.

"I'm so glad I got the Athletics in the family." she mused to herself as she shimmied her way up to the gutters, tugging her slender body up the pipeline, and the gutter. She flung her leg over the roof, and got a steady foothold, lifting herself up with minimal trouble, as she started over to the window.

"Shouldn't freak anyone out too much if I just...sliiiiiiiide in.." she mused quietly to herself, pulling the window up, and sticking her head in.

"No one in the halls...Nobody to scold me for losing my key.." she stated, one of her hands moving in to help push the rest of her body through...

"No one to....GAH!"

Her hand left the window for a split second to push from the wall, as the window suddenly slid down....Pinning her waist, and upper half as she was dangling her way in.... One of her arms held out the window still, while the other flailed about uselessly to grab at the offending, pinning article.

"Ah..! Hey...hey no! Stoppit..!" she called back, as if trying to reason with the inanimate object....Or at least, try to give herself some more room.....

The window struck at the small of her back, too high up to be pushed by her toned posterior....But, too low for her to easily arch her back for support...Or, even a few more inches. She squirmed, wiggled, and strained.....But, after a few solid minutes of attempts....

"I can't believe it...." she groaned, slumping over the windowsill. "I'm...stuck."

She could feel a flush coming to her face at her unusual plight, all the speed and quickness in her legs, unable to help her escape the trap she was in.....As she felt the incessant pangs of turmoil from within.... And a few, sudden breezes that suddenly assailed her modesty.

"Aaaaa....Aaaaa..I hope nobody sees this.." she wailed quietly to herself, thrashing her arm near her skirt to try and press it down.... But, it was hopeless...

She could no sooner grasp the hem of her skirt, than pry the window off of her... And, it was only a matter of time before she could feel wind blowing against her innermost thighs, and pantied posterior....

"Ohhh...Ohhh..I hope sis comes home soon.."

She couldn't do much in the situation, except chide herself for having gone through with a foolish plan... Having rushed in, instead of considering her options. She couldn't help it! It seemed like a good idea at the time!

"Only real dangerous part was climbing.." she muttered to herself, as if expecting a lecture from her mother....As she tried desperately not to think about what else was troubling her....

Of the growing pressure... The increasing strain... The struggle, the squirming...The fight to avoid spraying.....

...

It hadn't felt this bad before, but with her position now hopelessly limited, and her approximation to the bathroom, coupled with her inability to make it those extra few feet.....

It felt like the urge had nearly doubled.....Planting an unsavory...unwelcome...Unwanted.....impossible thought in her head...

'Am...Am I going to wet myself...?' she internally stammered, squeezing her eyes shut, as she struggled to try and cross her legs.

"N..No..No...No, I can't..!" she told herself, thinking that while she could endure getting pinned in the window, if her sister saw her in wet panties.....

It would truly be the end for her.

"But..But, what do I do.." she stated, trying to wriggle again for a few precious moments. "Can't pull myself in... can't get myself out..."

She pondered, pondered, pondered....Using her brain to try to imagine a way she wouldn't have to endure that shame.. As the wind blew an exceptionally cold chill over her hips...

Pss..

"Aaaaaa..Ahhh..N..No...No there has to be a way.!' she flailed, thrashing her arms...And feeling the tiniest of wet spots with her fingertips. She was losing the battle of inches, she could feel the pressure rushing to her opening..she could....

...

"W..wait..I can...I can reach.." she called in realization, her fingertips brushing against the wetspot again... and again... before pinching the garment between her fingers, feeling it attempt to cling to her skin. "I can reach my panties...! Which means..."

It wasn't a savory solution, nor was it ideal... but, as the girl tug tug tugged with her free hand, she could feel the cotton garment parting ways from her tender girlhood.....

Ps..sss..ssss...sshhh

As the air was filled with the splashing of water against tile.... Piddle against roof! The moment she didn't feel it all matting to her skin, the girl's body seemed to cave....

Psssshhhh..pssshshhhhsshhhhh

Starting to merrily spray from her faucet, all over the roof beneath her....as the wind dared to blow against her now bare bottom, spreading a bit of warmth to her inner thighs.....

Yet, in the bliss of the moment, in the brief bout of realization... The rare moment of quick thinking, she had saved her panties....

If not her modesty.

"Ohhhh...Ohhhhh...maybe there's something to the whole 'Brains' thing after all..." she thought to herself, feeling her face redden with sensation....Shuddering softly, despite her pinned position.....

Only hearing the clearing of a throat moments later, as she looked up... Seeing another silverette with a lightly annoyed expression.

"Suguri, it's way too early for a full moon." the slender figure of her nerdy sister called... Prompting her to stiffen up as best she could, feeling the trickling of her piddle starting to taper off.

"A..Ahaha...Sorry Eo.." she muttered, trying not to give away she was peeing in front of her sister, hoping the girl couldn't see out the window. "I er...got trapped, and...it..just kind of...happened, yeah?"

The other girl sighed, and strode over to the window... Suguri fighting to clench off what was left of the flow with every fiber of her being.... The window being lifted off of her, as she tumbled face-first into the house.

"Thank God I got the brains in the family..." Eoria, her nerdy sister called... Dangling a silver key in front of her. "Someone said they found this on the track field. Only my idiot sister would run away from her ticket home like that."

Suguri felt herself flushing deeply... Arms moving to tug her panties up, as she avoided eye contact with her scolding sister.

"P..please don't tell mom.." she shamefully requested, feeling the last bits of wetness seeping into her garments, and moistening her thighs.

"Dishes. For a week." her sibling stated. Suguri gave a quick nod, standing on shaky legs, as she quietly took the key back.

"I'll..I'll start right now." she called, nearly running down the hall and steps.... In a hurry to avoid any further interrogations by her prying sister.

"Huh...Wonder where all that water came from.." Eoria sounded, noticing a trail going down the rooftop, and to the gutters....Shutting the window, and pacing off to do her thing. "I swear.... Suguri does some of the dumbest things sometimes..."

=====

*029*2019-09-06 03:27

[Day 9: Traveling Trouble]

"You sure you're okay?"

"Yes, I'm sure.."

"You aaaaaaaaaaabbbbbbsolutely sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure.."

"Cause if I have to stop in an hour because you didn't lay off the juice...."

"Yes, I'm FINE. I already went before we left!"

"If you say so..."

For the past half hour, this debate had been going on....Two sisters bickering back and forth in a car about the nature of...Nature.

The driver, an older girl, with dark red hair....Dressed in a red Hawaiian shirt, and long, black jeans, kept her eyes on the road....But wore a very wicked grin, intent on teasing and hassling the other the whole way, likely....

"Hmmpth.." the other girl, a smaller, more petite girl with silver hair, tied in a black ribbon sounded...gazing out the window of the car. She wore a loose, white button up, and a pleated, black skirt. A pouty expression, accented with light flush on her cheeks was telltale enough....

"You absolutely positively, without a shadow of a doubt sure you don't need me to stop at the gas station, Youmu?" the older girl called once more, leaning over slightly, as the smaller girl pushed her back.

"I told you, Penny! I'll be fine! SERIOUSLY!" she nearly shouted back, her voice lightly squeaking as she tried to sound as intimidating as possible......Resting her arm on the window.

She was acutely aware of her own problems when it came to frequent piddle urges, and she was confident she could at least manage until they came to a stop at the airport. She'd properly gone before they left, moderated her intake of liquids, and foresaw the only real struggle being putting up with Penny's incessant teasing....As she glanced out the window to watch the town disappear into the distance.

Her father had planned a vacation getaway for her and her sister, promising he'd meet them there...As Penny held the tickets.

It was a pleasant idea, but one she sort of hoped she'd been able to bring her friends with.....

'Not that Dad knows about my friends..' she thought to herself gloomily, watching the busy sidewalks give way to country roads....As the car merrily zoomed along.... Prompting a long, growing silence to fill the vehicle.

Even Penny seemed to be tired of teasing her, as they sat in silence for a prolonged period of time....Until...

"Alright! Halfway there!" Penny's voice called as they came into a large city.....Filled with hustle, bustle, and so many other cars. "Do ya need to empty out the tank? I'm stopping at the gas station to fill'er up, so my buddy can bring it home. This may be your last chance, before we get to the plane.."

"I...yeah...Yeah, I should..." Youmu uttered quietly, leaning up in her seat as she rested her hands on her waist. She didn't feel an overwhelming urge...But, even the lightest could grow in such a short time, and if she had to ask for her to stop on the side of the road because of some ill-timed spike....

'I'd rather be dead...or staying behind, at least.' she thought to herself, as the girl pulled into the station... And she hopped out.

The gas station toilets were....Revolting as expected, but she managed to clear enough space for her to get a quick sit in...Slackening her shoulders...

"Mmmn..." she softly sighed, releasing a small spray of piddle, and quickly cleaning up to head out. As she went to take her seat back, a pair of cups were sitting beside her, along with Penny, grinning her usual up-to-something look.

"Looked like you could use somethin'." she stated, the girl glancing down at the Styrofoam, and lightly frowning..

"I...Thanks.." she stated non committally, raising a red straw to her lips for a slight sip.

"Got your favorite: The blue kind." Penny added, as Youmu gave a slight smile, sipping a bit more from the drink as they pulled out of the gas station.

"Than-" Youmu started, as a glint shone in the girl's eyes.

"Yeah, the Aqua Droplets flavor always tastes so sweet, doesn't it?"

The silverette coughed and spat blue liquid at this, looking down at the cup with a face of absolute horror. She'd heard rumors about the candy, and how it was used like a dieting tool... An insanely potent diuretic, that would make even the strongest of holders cowering like....Like, well she was normally.

"You didn't.." she stated in a low, aghast tone....Terrified...Thinking of what kind of damage it could do, in pure liquid form....

"I did."

She lifted the cap off of the beverage she'd partaken of, and tilted the drink out the window of the car, hearing it splash about on the sidewalk noisily...And felt it..

Pang....

The start of an arduous battle....

"I hate you.." she whimpered quietly, feeling a blush rushing to her cheeks as she squeezed her legs tightly...And the red haired girl let out a mad cackle.

"Did you honestly think I wouldn't take this opportunity to see my cute little sister writhing in agony?" the red haired girl mused, as they drove through traffic, laughing like a supervillain who had ten seconds before his master plan would unfold and enslave the earth. "No, No...If I don't have anyone else to torment on this trip, it's all coming down on you, lil' sis!"

Youmu wanted nothing more than to push her sister out of the car, and leave her there.... But, given it was her car, she had the tickets, and that she wasn't confident in her driving ability, she was an unfortunate hostage in this situation. She merely clenched her legs together, bit her lip, and tried her darndest to remain silent...Hoping to suppress the urge with pure willpower....

"Is it bad yet, Sis?" the voice of Penny plagued as they started to reach the outskirts of the city. "I've heard that the effects of Aqua droplets are swift, and merciless..."

Youmu did not react, keeping herself quiet as she closed her eyes, trying to think of the place they were going....

Sun, sand, and beaches... A warm, tropical paradise. A sunny getaway... She'd have to see the volcano on the island....

"And now that we're out of the main city..." Penny interrupted, a finger prodding at her side. "I couldn't stop even if i wanted to for Miles."

Youmu opened her eyes at this, noticing that it was just....

Road... highways... With very, very little space at the sides... Hardly enough for one car, and going on as far as her eyes could see....

Indeed, there was no stopping...No moment's reprieve... No chance to rest, and if it came to pulling over....

'There'd..be nowhere to hide as I...I.." she thought in abject horror, feeling her face blushing deeply..and the panging in her lower belly amplifying as she thought of having to squat down in full view of anyone driving by.... Of her bare bottom on display.... Of her telltale mark on the road, and all of the people that could see her....

'No...No, I can't... I musn't..." she thought to herself, dipping her hands down to the front of her skirt and squeezing.....Trying harder than ever to contain her inner turmoil... To control her urges....As long as she could manage....

Minutes passed.... Half an hour....Fourty five minutes....

Each passing second leading to a growing urge.... Each minute, Youmu pushed her resolve... Shifting, squirming, and wriggling as she fought to keep herself still and controlled.....

Fighting an urge that had started small....But was slowly ballooning out of control.

"We're getting closer..." Penny stated reassuringly to her sister...Who was practically vibrating in the seat next to her, shaking wildly, and shifting uncontrollably in her seat....As the driver's grin grew wider. "It'll only be about another half hour before we're there. Think you can manage that long?"

"I...." Youmu opened her mouth to protest, but gasped loudly as she felt a spray of warm wetness seeping into her seat.... Coating her thighs, and dribbling down the front of her panties. As if time had stopped, the girl froze stiff.... Feeling the horrid sensation...

The curtain call of her bladder...

The apocalypse of her willpower....As she felt her whole body tensing in a last, no doubt fruitless attempt to restrain the long overdue flood....

Before the rolling of Styrofoam caught her eye... The last bastion of her potential dignity... The only way she could see out of this mess...

"Hmmm? Ah, are you really..." the red haired girl started, as Youmu stretched for the cup.... Feeling another spray of warmth as she collided with the seatbelt... And hastily thumbed her hands down...

"Ohhh, you unclipped the belt! You naughty girl.." her sister teased as she lurched forward, scooped the cup into her hands, and quickly scooted back to the front of the seat....Holding her skirt up with her forearm, as her other hand fumbled with her damp panties, and the edge of the cup....

Psssshhh..psssshhhpsshhhpssshhhhhh

As a clear torrent started to splash, and fill the cup in moments... Droplets dripping off of her girlhood, onto the edge of the seat..Yet, none of this mattered to the girl in this moment....

"Haaaaahhhhh...Aaahhhhhh...haaaaaaa..."

As she let out several tensed up, needy groans of relief as she managed to avoid completely soaking herself.... Thanks to the cup that had lead to this situation in the first place. No thought was given to her perverse sister, and her antics... Or to what anyone else would say, if given the view she was presenting... No....

All that mattered, was emptying her petite bladder, which only barely avoided overfilling the cup she had presented.

"Still all smooth, I see.." Penny remarked as soon as the stream tapered off, Youmu giving a deep blush.

"W..why were you looking?!" she stammered, lifting the cup and thinking to toss it out....

Only to see they were already at the airport.... And, that there were some familiar faces waiting for her.

"Ahh! Youmu!"

"Hey, Konpaku!"

"Thanks again for inviting Yuno and everyone!"

The silverette looked wide eyed at the group, lead by a strange boy with various stitches and scars about his person....And a serious looking girl, with two differently colored eyes. Evenutally, she turned back to her sister, who gave the familiar, mischievous, up-to-something grin.

"I knew you'd be lonely without your friends, so I got dad to pull some strings." she mused, pulling up to the airport. "I'm sure a certain someone would be delighted to know about your little 'situation' on the way up here."

A medley of emotions flew through Youmu at once. Relief, at having not arrived in a full on accident... Excitement, and joy at having company on the trip after all....

Embarrassment, realizing she was still holding a cup, filled with her own waters....And Horror, at the idea of her sister spilling the beans to everyone.

"D...D..D..Don't you DARE, PENNY!" she exclaimed, stumbling to the door, and unlocking it.... Setting the cup down in the car as she struggled to head off the girl's beeline to her friends....Stammering, and otherwise trying to interrupt her all the while....

It was going to be a long trip... But, if the lead-up was any indication....It was going to be an exciting one.

===

*033*2019-09-07 04:25

[Day 10: Pest Control]

"Aaaaaah....morning already..?" the sleepy voice of a petite girl mumbled, the rays of the sun peeking through an open window...

Through which, a strange, blue creature that greatly resembled an eel dangled in...Prompting the petite girl to rise from her bed, and pace over to it.

"Mmmmn... bit of an odd time for Eel-mail.." she muttered, the creature opening it's mouth to provide the girl with a bottle, containing a bit of parchment in it..... Earning a pat on it's head, as it slid back out as easily as it came in....

"Guess Penny's got something important to tell me."

The strange being was a Yokai... A beast, unseen by the general masses, but that were responsible for several unnatural, inexplicable occurrences. Eelmail's usual purpose was for letters in bottles to find other human beings.... Though, with the rise of the digital ages, it seemed to lose a lot of it's work...

Yokai themselves didn't need to do the things to survive... She thought, at least. They just did things that made them happy. An odd thing, but not inherently evil...

Uncorking the bottle, she emptied the letter out into her hands, and unrolled it...Glancing over.

"To my darling understudy Maya.." she read out loud, standing in baby blue pajamas that dangled over her lithe form... "I've taken a family vacation. The town's in your hands for the next week or so. I've already herded away the DesperAnts, and the Bear-Bottoms should be going into hibernation... So, you shouldn't have to worry about too much while I'm gone."

The black haired girl, Maya, gave a slight pump of her fists, standing proud and tall as she could... (Which wasn't very)

"Penny's trusting me to keep the town safe!" she called out, confidently. "I mustn't let her down!"

"Hm..? What are you talking about, Sis?" a girl's voice called from behind her closed door, prompting the girl to ball up the note, and hold it behind her back instinctively.

Zzzzzz,,,

"Ahahahah..Nothing, nothing.." she quickly called through the door. "Just tryin to.. you know, psyche myself up for school!"

It was her older sister, Shinobu. Unlike Maya, Shinobu didn't have the gift to see (And Deal) with otherworldly beings...So, it was a bit of a balancing act to keep her from getting suspicious from her enigmatic instructor, Penny's....Creative ways of training her.

"It sounds like Penny's done the hard work.." she stated to herself, breathing a light sigh. "So...I shouldn't have any problems.."

Zzzzz....Zzzz....

The girl suddenly flinched, as the word seemed to prompt something within her...

Her eyes widened, her hands rocketed to the front of her pajamas, and she suddenly darted to her door.

"ShinobuDon'taketheBathroomYetI'mGonnaE'splode!" she stammer-yelled out, feeling an immense pressure near the end of her feminine plumbing.... Her sister glancing over at her as she shot past her, through the bathroom door...

"A....Aaaaahhh... hahhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa...!"

And no sooner did she plop down on the commode, pajamas at her ankles, did she start gushing a very hefty, very noisy morning pee.

She wasn't exactly the most confident in her holding ability, though she managed to preserve her modesty.... A good majority of the time. She could only breath several sharp sighs of relief, before realizing to her horror, that her sister was staring at her through the open bathroom door.... Prompting her to blush deep red.

"S..Shinobu, PLEASE!" she yelled, the girl moving to shut the door for her....As she started to fall into a quiet spell.. Flustered by the urgency....And her rush having lead to such a blunder.....

'A..At least it was just her...' she thought sheepishly, grateful she hadn't been so foolish in school.... The thought of her friends witnessing her in her.... Natural state absolutely horrifying....

After a slow flush, and a proper wipe, the girl washed her hands, left the bathroom, and started back to her room... Doing her best to avoid her sister's gaze as she did.

Luckily, Shinobu had some extra morning lessons every day, or she would have to endure another awkward breakfast......Something she brushed away as she moved to her dresser to pick out the day's outfit.

A white bra, and matching panties..... Her usual, knee-length black skirt... And tan-sailor top.

"Something about a uniform just feels..right." she thought out loud, reaching onto her shelf to pull the one oddity to her uniform....A large mask, that lightly exuded otherworldly energy...

She didn't have to wear it like a mask proper, dangling it on the side of her head, but by merely wearing it on her person, the mask exuded a Yokai deterrent energy. Enough to keep the usual ones from messing with her, and to discourage larger ones from bothering her....

At least, that's how Penny described it to her. Pulling on knee-length white socks and grabbing her things, the only thing holding Maya back anymore was a quick peek out of her room to ensure the coast was clear....Before she could head out for the day.

"Okay... Day one as the Town Guardian.." she sounded to herself, puffing out her modest chest, and standing as tall as she could again. "You can do this, Maya! You can do this!"

Truthfully, Maya rarely had trouble with any Yokai, for a multitude of reasons. Being aware of them since she was a child, she was on relatively good terms with the more common ones, and usually knew how to handle larger ones....Some of the more common varieties being ones such as....

The Charge-ttens, which were cat-like Yokai that would eat the charge out of a phone, or other small electronic device's batteries, but could be placated with batteries on their own...

There were Hawk-choos, that prompted people into sneezing fits, but only did so early in the mornings, or if their habitats were disturbed....

There were Whoo-tas, owls that made you forget people's names, but only for a few seconds at a time, and many, many more, including....

"Ah, there you are, Ferr-get." Maya sounded, spotting a battered looking, grey ferret Yokai as it skittered about...They were Yokai that tended to steal keys off of unsuspecting people's rings and such.... Having them returned in obvious-seeming places after they had their fun......The beings the kind that loved to get up close and personal with their targets, given the usual locations of such treasures..

Yet, as she approached it, the small thing weaseled it's way around her... As if afraid of the contact it normally was content with. A bit concerned, Mayal inched closer to it, wondering what would spark such a sudden change in it's behavior, as she reach into her bag for something to placate it.

"Here, I got these for you..." she responded, digging out a ring of plastic-keys, fit for a toddler. The FerrGet inched closer to them, still wary of her...But, slowly losing out the battle to it's natural instincts, snatching them up, and scurrying from view all the same...

"Glad she got the DesperAnts herded out.." the girl stated softly to herself, as she thought of the Yokai. They were a little bigger than a person's hand, but would circle rooms with great-gatherings of people....

And, when in position, they would use their power... Inspiriting...To prompt several students (Or one very unlucky one) To have a random fit of Desperate need....Usually leading to the student being teased, or otherwise troubled, and struggle to concentrate on their lesson....That would, thankfully, vanish as soon as their target broke free of inspiriting, or they were forced elsewhere.

"Still don't like those things.." she stated to herself, having already had a distaste for insects... Much less, ones that made her need to pee anymore than she normally had to. She quickly scampered into the school building, glancing around for any familiar faces, or friendly figures.... Only stopping to see a massive line sticking out of the girl's bathroom.

"C'mon, I've been here for like, ten minutes!"

"They can't be taking that long..C...Can they?"

"It's always like this when school's about to start..."

"Well, something's gonna change.. And I don't plan on it being me this time.."

'That's..unusual.' she thought, as the door to the bathroom opened, a shapely girl with violet hair pacing out, as one of the trio started forward...

Zzzz...ZZzzzzz....

"Gah..!!! Out of the way, I'm leaking here...!"

Zzzzzz....

"D..don't you dare..! I'm losing it too....!"

Zzzz....

"I..I'll use the sink if I gotta....!" the third girl called, as Maya watched the trio try to force their way into the bathroom all at once.... Grateful she had already gone before classes....

Hurrying to class, she quickly took her seat and set her things out... Pondering what kind of things she would need to do to placate the other Yokai.

Usually, they'd pester one or two people a day, and then leave them alone.... But, some of the beings could be very insistent... Haunting a certain place, or inspiriting a person for a lengthy period of time....

'If it comes to that, I can always use my power...' she thought, clenching her fist into a mock-gun gesture... Pointing out her pointer finger, as a bit of energy focused near the tip. 'Just...need to remember I can't do it too much. It'll only work on small Yokai, and since it runs on my energy....'

She didn't want to think of the last time she'd pushed her limits with it... Having tumbled over, and felt herself unable to move.... As if all the energy left her body, and she had to deal with certain other muscles giving. She thought of another mage with the same problem, but soon enough class was upon them, so her thoughts needed to shift elsewhere....

Zzzzzzzz....

"Now...if anyone can tell me what this word means.." the teacher's voice stated, running a pointer over a foreign set of letters. Maya squinted her eyes, but no sooner did she think to raise her hand...

"T..Teacher, can I go to the bathroom?" called the girl next to her.... Another petite girl, with orange twintails, twirled to look like dog-ears. Wearing an orange blouse, and pink shorts, Maya could see the girl's legs crossed under the table...As the teacher let out a sigh.

"Miss Harusaki, you just had a chance, before classes.." the teacher called quietly, as she shook her head.

"No way...There were like, a bajillion girls in there!" she protested, wiggling back and forth in her seat. "The line was awful, and i couldn't get to another room in time. What, should i have used the boy's?"

A few whispers could be heard in the class, a few mentioning something about the sanctity of the men's room, and how horrid it would be to defile it....

"She can defile me anyday.." a student called none-too quietly, as the teacher sighed heavily. and gestured at the door.

"Make it quick, Chiwa.." he relented, as the girl scampered out of her seat... Maya spying a tiny wet spot at the edge of her seat.

'Goodness, she was waiting for a bit..' she thought to herself, hearing the class chatter about the developments...

Zzzzz....

As another girl shot up.

"Sorry teach, but i gotta go too!" another girl called out, not even giving the teacher the time to reply... As Maya turned her head.

'Okay.... That's suspicious..' she thought, one girl pushing it normal... but a second?

Zzzzzzzzz....

A third girl suddenly zoomed out without a word, a wet trail visibly running down the inside of her pant legs, as the teacher's face started to glow with effort... Looking none too pleased by this development...

"I swear, if one more student asks to go to the bathroom... It'll be a write-up." he snapped venomously, Maya glad she had gone now more than ever...

Zzzzzz...

Before she suddenly felt a sharp panging in her lower belly, prompting her eyes to shrink to pinpricks... And her hands to plunge into her skirt.... Shifting back and forth in her chair...

'O..O..Okay, okay, it HAS to be a Yokai at this point!' she thought to herself, clenching her teeth, and squeezing her thighs tightly. She glanced around the room hurriedly, looking for any small disturbances... Any little shimmers, or figures waddling about...

For the telltale scurrying of DesperAnts...Listening..Looking.... praying for any such signs of obvious tampering..

Zzzzz....Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz....

Before noticing something buzzing right near her ear.... And starting to flutter over to a lime-green haired girl. For a moment, she thought it was a dragonfly... but, seeing it's golden, bloated body.... She could feel her heart sinking....

'It's worse than a DesperAnt..' she thought, trying to free one of her hands, as her bladder assailed her with distress signals, orders to ignore, and demands that were to be met. 'It's an Urge-Gnat.'

An evolved form of the DesperAnt... The Urge-Gnat could fly, and unlike it's predecessor, actually caused urgent need in those that it inspirited.... A much more pressing need... A very troubling Yokai....And, one that was predating on their class, one by one....

She wanted to raise from her seat, and squish the bug between her palms.... But, with every wobble, squirm, and slosh...

She was terrified she would lose the battle of inches most gloriously, and in front of the entire class.....

'Not to mention, what the teacher would say...' she thought to herself, as the lime green haired girl started to shift, and the bloated, golden Yokai fluttered about...

'There's only one solution...' she thought, feeling her lower muscles tiring...And her whole body tensing up...As she clenched her one free hand into the finger-guns posture again.... Digging her other palm into her body...

'O..One shot....' she thought, shakily... 'One shot....It's all the energy I can muster and...and not lose it......I gotta....Gotta make it count..'

She lightly raised her trembling hand, aiming for the golden bug as it fluttered about for it's next victim... The dog-eared girl suddenly opening the door, and breathing a loud sigh of relief.

"Phew...Too close.." she called, prompting a few vulgar remarks from certain students...As the teacher made a shooing gesture.

"To your seat then... And no more interruptions." he snapped, the girl skipping over.....As Maya saw her chance....!!!

The UrgeGnat, seeing it's first meal, started to flutter back over to Chiwa's side... Maya's gaze following it as it hovered over her head......And started to flutter down...

"Miss Kamizono, what are you doing?" the Teacher snapped, prompting Maya to stiffen....And slap her hand into the desk.

"A..Awa...! N..N..Nothing..!" she stammered quickly, her legs trembling under the desk...

Ssss....

As her moment of shock lead to a spot of weakness, forming on the front of her panties. She could feel the warmth betraying her body, and couldn't manage to quell her shaking for more than a few seconds...As the teacher leered at her, full-force.

"I'm serious... One more peep out of any of you.."

Zzzzzz..

"And it'll be detention for a week!"

Maya could tell now, with it so close... The buzzing was it's telltale sign... The moment it would strike.. The moment it would inspirit, and be helpless to move. She glanced at Chiwa's side, the bug resting on her shorts, and looking to assail at an exposed side from her blouse...

'Now...!' she thought, her clenching hand sticking out a finger shakily... and shooting out a burst of blue energy.... That clashed with the golden bug, splatting it against the wall...

Sssssssshhh..

Weakening her muscles enough to loose a healthy spray...

Clk.....tckl..

And, to the orange haired girl's sudden alert...

"Ah..! My button..!" she started, the teacher glowering at her.

"What did I JUST say?!" he snapped angrily, as the girl's hands dipped to her lap.

"W...Well, it's just..." Chiwa stated, with a light flush... "My...My pants button just flew off.."

If there was any semblance of control in the classroom, hearing such a bold statement threw it all aside, the teacher swelling with anger.

"MISS HARUSA-" he started, but was unfortunately trumped by..

BRRRRRINNNNNNNG...RRRRRRRRRRRRRRINNNNNNNNNNG..

The ringing of the bell, the chaos of students rocketing from their chairs, and the hustle, bustle, and squabble that signalled a break in learning....

"M..Miss..Miss Harusaki, I need to have a....Hey, stop shoving..!" the teacher tried to debate, but in the mixture of it all, the orange haired Chihuahua seemed to escape his eye.....Prompting Maya to breath the lightest sigh of relief....

Even if she was currently frozen to her chair... Losing the battle of dampness.. Moment by precious moment....

Soon enough it was just her and the teacher left in class.....Meaning he had nowhere else to look, but her petite, trembling, shaky form.

"Miss Kamizono, You are to come to the front of the class this instant." he demnaded, prompting the girl to shift....

Ssss...

Shake her head, and immediately plop back down....

"Did I stutter, Maya? FRONT OF THE CLASS!"

"I...I can't..!" she stammered, squeezing her eyes shut as she struggled with the last few semblances of control she had.... The teacher stomping over to her, angrily.

"Interrupting my class...Refusing a demand from your teacher... Rudely pointing at the other students..." he snapped in turn, voice growing closer as she strained....Squirmed and shifted... Feeling smaller with every word... Wishing she were smaller....And that she wasn't on the verge of...

"And you still ignore me! Look at me, Miss Kamizono. I SAID LOOK AT ME!"

Hands gripped her cheek, forcing her gaze upward....

Sssss...SSSSSSsssssshhh....

A vicious sputtering to squirt out of her personal faucet...As she was forced to look into the teacher's dead, uncaring, purple-ly-hazed eyes...

"Do you know what happens to problem children like you, Miss Kamizono?" the teacher snapped, squeezing her cheeks together as her heart pounded, her garments warmed.....And she came to a quick realization.....

"N..No..." she started softly.....The teacher's mouth opening with a sharp intake of breath... "NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!"

As if an explosion was set off, the teacher's form was blown back from the petite girl's form by a crimson surge of energy, expelled from the mask as if it were some sort of fail-safe...

And as the teacher fell, a red being, with horns suddenly emerged into view too, falling out of the teacher with a loud thumping.... it's eyes swirled over, and looking as if it were knocked unconscious....

"Aaaaahh..Haaaaahhh..Aaaahhhh.."

The inspiriting of her teacher aside, the girl could not fight back her tides any longer, as she felt her body just slumping back into her chair....As spray, after spray, after spray gushed out from under her skirt... Considerably darkening it, and puddling out pent-up piddle as if she had been waiting for days to go....

She couldn't feel her legs... She almost didn't remember if she had any, as her whole body slid back in the chair, her tongue lightly lulling out of her mouth as she couldn't help but just. keep. peeing....For two whole minutes......

Until all of the Yokai's inspirited energy left her, and she was able to stand up again....with shaky knees, dripping thighs, and soaked garments...

"Aaaa...Awaaaa.... A Kirai-Oni.." she panted, breathlessly. "Must have...inspirited the teacher... After...After Chiwa left to go.."

They gravitated towards annoyed people... Quickly fanning the flames until it grew into anger and hatred.... Demanding unreasonable things, and getting violent when things didn't go their way. She usually didn't have to deal with anything quite so aggressive, being only a student in a school of mostly reasonable teachers, but....

;Wi..without Penny around, things are getting dangerous around here..' she thought, looking at the still-splattered UrgeGnat....And the Kirai-Oni's slumped form. 'I'd...I'd better expel them from the school quickly.... And..and get changed..'

She dug into her bag for what looked like a pouch of salt, spreading it over the Yokai with a few flicks of the material, and a light chant. Normally, Yokai were mostly harmless, and could be left alone to wander the area....But, in the cases of particularly troublesome ones, you had to banish them from a populated location for a set period of time, with some special salts, and a mystic chant....

"Wish it worked on them, before they had to be knocked out.." she thought grimly as the beings started to dissipate, being forced away a set distance, as she glanced down at the skirt she had soaked.... Not even wanting to look back at the massive puddle where her chair and desk were... "Could have avoided this whole mess..."

She nevertheless started to gather her things, glancing over the teacher's slumped form with the only relief being that he would be incredibly unlikely to remember any of the day, after being inspirited.

"Ohh...I hope Penny comes back from vacation soon....." Maya uttered to herself quietly as she peeked from a doorway for the second time today, before heading out... To get changed, and try to prepare for her next class....

========

*039*2019-09-08 16:30

[Day 11: Queue, Eh? ]

'Th...Th..this is bad...'

The good news, is that class was over...

The bad news, is that they had just been researching a new material...Something her teacher called... 'Omorium'....

A strange, blue crystal...That radiated a strange aura, but also produced copious amounts of energy. Something that would certainly be very useful....

"C..Could you hurry up in there?! Some of us are dyin' out here!"

If they could mitigate the unfortunate piddle-problem it incited in the entire class. Near the front, there was a shapely girl, with purple hair, dangled in ringlets, bashing on the door to the singular bathroom in the area....

It seemed almost intentional, having them handle such a material.....And then, lining them all up like that. There would be some manner of retribution, no doubt...But first...

'I...i can't...believe I'm near the back of the line..!'

She was a rather petite girl, with shoulder-length dark brown hair, and shimmering crimson eyes. Atop her head, she wore a large, black wizard's hat, decorated to look like a face in of itself, with button eyes, and a design that resembled jagged teeth. An imposing, menacing figure....

If the girl underneath said hat wasn't knock-kneed, and bent forward....Hands buried in the front of a gold-hemmed, red dress... Fingerless gloves barely visible as she stood at the back of a line, twenty nine strong....

The only person behind her, the person at the bottom of the class.... A much curvier girl, with a much more mundane black top hat...A sky blue sweater, and a dark blue skirt that stopped right at her upper thigh. She had straight, silver hair that stopped at her shoulders, and blue eyes that always seemed to be carefree, optimistic...

"M..Mmm...It...It won't take that long....R..right?"

If to a bit of a foolish manner. The brown haired girl didn't dare to respond, merely keeping herself as tensed, and stiff as possible....

"Finally, Jeez.." the loud girl at the front called...As the crowd inched forward.... One of many girls, finally out of the way....

"Mmmmnnn... I was so busy trying to see if I could acclimate that...'rium to my aura, that I must have lost track of the class leaving.." the shapely girl called behind her, prompting a wince...And a slightly irritated sigh...

'That's not even what the assignment was..' the brown haired girl thought to herself, knowing all too well how she'd gotten so far back in line. Her seating was in the back of the classroom, bereft of any partners, or people she felt particularly close enough to call a 'friend', to sit with.

Coupled with her petite form, there was no outpacing the stampede of students, all wobbling, wiggling, knock-kneed, and squirming towards the exit....

"And then just...Boom! It was like a massive explosion of people! Just all BURSTING out, and charging towards the exit!" the girl continued, unhelpfully. "I wanted to stay, and study the material a little longer, but imagine my fright when I heard such a commotion! Why, it startled me bad enough that It made me need to..you know!"

The brown haired girl squeezed herself a bit tighter, trying to not think about the need. Even though she herself had tried to minimize contact with the material (As the instructor stated), she found herself affected quite easily by the aftereffects....

Enough that she curled her toes, pressing her hands more firmly into the front of her dress more... As the door opened, and another girl was taken out of the equation... Prompting another slow..gradual move towards the front....

"But it looks like everyone had the same idea as me! Ahaha..Maybe they're all scared of loud noises too.." the silver haired girl kept rambling, prompting the continued resistance to turn around, and snap at her. "But wow... Everyone that goes in is gone for like, two whole minutes. Do you think there was something in the water?"

The brunette winced, trying not to picture the material... The large, nearly-blue ocean...A sizable lake, that they would swim in... The flowing rivers, that ran from one side of the forest to the other.....

"Well, I know I feel like I could really go for it myself.." the silver haired girl continued, prompting a snap back to reality, and a re-doubling of her legs crossing... Trying to keep her eyes forward, and trying to steady her aching body... Her panging bladder, and her trembling, shaky faucet...

"But it might be a while, at this ra-"

"Oh my god, NOT HELPING!" someone a few people up snapped back loudly, prompting a shift from the crowd, a girl with dark green hair tied into a ponytail...Wearing a white blouse, and some black shorts, bouncing back and forth in place. "Look, if you wanted to narrate the life story, do it elsewhere! Some of us are trying NOT to piss ourselves, thanks!"

She didn't need to turn around to hear the silver haired girl squeak, and picture her face of embarrassment...Knowing all too well how the girl reacted. Being the laughingstock of the class, the silver haired girl's face always burned from ear to ear....Her gaze shifted downward, and she would sway back and forth...... Silently repenting, but coming back the next day twice as energized to 'Do her best'....And flop anew.

It was deathly silent for a few more girls... The only noises filling the line quiet whimpers, heavy panting, and soft groans. The brunette did her best to keep her own breathing under control, trying to appear as professional as she could manage.....

"Aaaaahh...Ahhh.. Nononon..!" one of the girls near the front suddenly cried out....Prompting the gaze of the line to shift to her...

A red haired girl, with shapely hips, wearing a deep blue blouse, and black skirt started to tumble toward the door, passing by the other girls as she clawed at the wood....

"O..Open up..! Open up, please..! It's coming out..!" the girl begged, hands grasping the doorknob with a shaky....Urgent rattling....But, it held firm, and no one could hear the response from inside....

Pssssh..psssshhh..SSssshshhhhshhhshsssssshhhhh

As a wet spray quickly formed between the girl's thighs, splishing...splashing, and then out and out gushing down onto the floor beneath them...As she fell to her knees, the agonizing sound of her loud, vicious urination hitting the ears of the nearly two dozen girls still in line....

Prompting a wave of shudders, incensed groans, and troubled moans.... As the girls fought to avoid the same fate.... The tormenting noise only halting a whole minute later....

"Aaaaa..Aaaaaa..." the red haired girl panted, sounding like someone who had run a marathon, and was on the verge of collapse...As the door opened in front of her, and the girl behind her charged...

"Outta my way..!"

The door was slammed shut almost as soon as it opened, the red haired girl resting for a few extra moments, before starting to stumble out of the way... The crowd now anxious about what would happen....

"Gosh, i hope that doesn't happen to us.." the silver haired girl sounded at last. "I'd do anything to avoid that shame..."

The brown haired girl buckled her legs, squeezing them tighter together, and cursing not having her staff to hold against.... As the line no longer returned to silence, but started to murmur among themselves.... Debating, and questioning...

"I'm not picky...If I had a thermos or something, I'd use that.."

"I'll use the sink if it means not soaking..."

"The rooms nearby aren't occupied, are they? Maybe if I hobble in there.."

The dark brown haired girl could hear these debates, but took no part in an alternative method.... Knowing she didn't have the coordination to stay on a sink, and feeling she didn't have the energy to find anyplace secluded....As some of the girls broke off for alternate places....

Leaving a little over a dozen between her, and relief....

"Ohhhh..Thank god, that was too close.." the girl in the bathroom called, heading away from the group as two girls charged in this time... One of them making good on their remark to use the sink, likely.... As they stepped forward..... Bit by bit...

Person by person.. Spot by spot....

"We're almost to the front....Hahah." the silver haired girl called after a bit... Prompting the brunette to gaze up warily.......At the two girls left in front of them, by this point...

It was close....It was very close......

She could feel the warmth starting to build up, right at the end of her faucet... The pressure starting to reach it's apex...Her own ability rapidly trying to reach it's climax..... But, she resisted....She had to endure... She had to hold on.. She had to...

"All yours, you two!" the door flung open... Leaving the two girls in front of her, and the silverette to charge in.... Barely shutting the door in time as she looked at the wooden wall between her and relief...

Taking one step forward.... And then a second....And...And a third...

Psss

Freezing mid-pace, as the warmth suddenly graced the front of her panties and dress, the brunette seizing up......Squeezing her thighs tighter, clenching with her lower muscles, and trying valiantly to fight back the oncoming flood...

"Hmm....? You look like you're about to break.." the girl behind her called, signalling another spray of warmth into her panties, and for the girl's knees to wobble....Making her slump lower, as she struggled and strained...

'N..Not now..!' she pleaded and protested. 'I'm...I'm So close...'

She squeezed her eyes shut... She gripped with all of her might... She clenched, hoping...praying for the moments to pass faster... For her trouble to end....

For the door to the bathroom to open up, and present her with her moment of salvation...

"H.Hey, if you could hurry up in there! We're at a crisis situation out here!" the silverette called, prompting a blush from the brunette as she instinctively looked downward..... Not wanting to make eye contact, in such a state....

It felt like hours....It felt like days....but, eventually, the door could be heard squeaking open... And she dared to look up...

"G..Go ahead..!" a girl's voice stated, a notable blemish on her otherwise perfectly pristine shorts....But, as the girl tried to force herself forward...

Psssh...

The end was coming.....

She couldn't even properly stiffen herself up, feeling the warmth entering her panties again... and persisting to escape them... Dampness starting to coat her inner thighs, and trickling up to her bottom...As she tried to will herself forward...

'C...C'mon... Move....Move..!' she tried to tell herself, only succeeding in bending her body forward...But, her feet remained firmly planted....

Psssssh...psssshhh

As warmth escaped again, and again.... The strength starting to leave her legs....

;I'm..I'm so close, and yet...' she thought...Closing her eyes as the strength left her legs, and she caved..... Letting her knees finally buckle, and her body finally press the issue....

Ssssshhh...SsssshhhhhhShhhhhhShhhhhhhhhhhh

Something cold met the underside of her thighs, but when she opened her eyes, she wasn't sitting on the floor in front of the stall...Nor was the warmth blossoming out across her legs...

But rather, there was a bit of a dribble down her ankles.. .and the vigorous splashing of liquid into a bowl.... Prompting her to realize she wasn't helplessly pissing herself outside, on the floor....

But, positioned on the commode, a smattering of dampness on the hem of her dress, but otherwise gushing up a small lake into the commode.... The silver haired girl wiping her forehead.

"Whew....I...I made it.." she stated, as she slumped to her knees. "I knew...Even I could do something that small..."

The dark brown haired girl opened her mouth to ask several questions, but seeing a puddle flowing out from under the girl's generous thighs, and prone form... She could piece it together.

She had lost her strength to move, but the girl must have carried her... Plopping her down on the commode, at the expense of her own urges...

"Mmmm..Mmmmaahhhh.. Ohhhh.. Ohhh w-wow, it R-really took it out of me.." the silverette called, shuddering wildly as she spoke. "I..I can't fee..feel my legs.... Mmmmmthh.. This is...S...some relief..."

She could feel it too, the light numbness in her legs, as she merrily tinkled... The effects of the omorium on the body having lead to something of a rush of blood... Or, was it a lack of such? Either way, it explained to her why people were taking so much longer to get out... As a question finally came to her mind...And she sharply tilted her head downward.

"M..My panties.. How.." she asked, as the silverette gave a light tap of a clenched fist on her own head, sticking out her tongue.

"Ehehehe.. Vanishing spell." she mused, with a chuckle. "It happens a lot with my own underwear, so...I figured i could try to do it with yours. Didn't think you wanted to wet em, or anything.."

"Ah...I see..." she stated softly, blushing deeply at the....brazenness, coupled with her lack of concern at such a...delicate matter.

"They should appear again in... a few hours or so...I think." the silverette called, shuddering again as she beamed... Despite her legs, skirt, and such being coated in her own, pent-up piddle relief. "Just..be on your guard."

The brunette gave a light sigh, thinking of how the vanishing spell wasn't supposed to undo itself... but, given the girl had just saved her.... She wasn't going to try to bring her down, anymore....

"You can call me Sempai!" the girl added, sticking out a hand...That was thankfully dry of any such incident. "I sit on the other side of the class! Wanna be friends?"

The brunette gave a slight pause...But hesitantly stuck out a hand, shaking the....strange girl's hand.

"How about.. Lab partners.." she stated quietly, prompting the same, wide grin the silverette was known for.

"Good enough, Partner!" she called out, grinning. She was grateful that 'Sempai' Didn't ask for an actual name or such... Yet, she had a feeling it was just how the silverette went...

Carefree, if a little foolish.

'Not...exactly a bad thing.'

====

*043*2019-09-10 03:59

[Day 12: A-Brief-But-Informative-Lesson-About-Authors-Featuring-A-Character-That-Most-Certainly-Is-Not-An-Author-Herself-But-Is-Using-Powers-Akin-To-One-To-Paint-A-Better-Image-For-You-All-While-Also-Predating-On-The-Basest-Of-Human-Desires-And-Hopes-You-Are-Paying-Attention-Because-There-Is-A-Quiz-Later-And-She-Really-Would-Like-It-If-You-Passed-Okay? ]

"Greetings! You thought it would be another story by Faust, but it was I, Di...Eheheheheeh"

A hearty chuckle, a gentle giggle....The magnificent B.B.'s voice would be heard throughout all of your lovely ears... Well, at least those of you creative enough to hear text~

"Juuuuuuuust kidding~ My name is B.B.! What does it stand for? Ohhhh, you know.."

The darling, teasing B.B.'s voice would ring out, as the darkness of your minds cleared up.....And a bright spotlight could be seen...

"Just about anythin' you could think of~! But, for the sake of this little tale...I suppose this should be the part where I sate your curiosities, and have a nice, lovely description of my being~"

The camera was panned away, and the shadow of B.B. finally would come into view, zooming in as it started from the top..

"As anyone with a search engine would know by nowwww.." her voice started out, announcing her own description. "I've got lovely purple eyes, and matching hair that trails alllllll the way down to my ankles..."

A quick swivel of the camera showed just that, her abnormally long hair...Coupled with a red ribbon on her left side...

"Of course, I feel like you're more interested in....These." she continued, the camera shifting back around to a broad, yet devilish smile.....And down over a long black coat, overtop a white shirt with a ribbon in the center of the collar...

"Ab. So. Lute. Ly. Generous breasts." she pronounced, arms squeezing around an incredibly large bust, as if tempting them to pop free. "Though, if you want to picture me as one of those cute, petite Lolis with a flat chest, I won't stop your naughty thoughts~"

As if on cue, her body shifted for a few moments, her hair dangling completely to the floor as she looked to visibly shrink a foot in height, and down to the after mentioned nearly flat chest.

"Feel free to think of me as your darling and mischievous lil' Sis if it gets your jollies going, or whatever you like," she mused in a higher, but no less devious voice.... As she twirled around, a black mini-skirt covering her thighs juuuuust barely, as she shifted to her regular, full size once more. "Buuuut, that's not what this is about. You didn't come here to just ogle me, now did you? No, noooo.....I'm well aware of what kind of forum this is, and what kind of incident i can be expecting.."

She gave a light flick of her wrist, a pointer sliding into white-gloved hands, as the area behind her came to life.... Forming a blackboard, as she taptaptapped at it.

"Soooo, why don't I make things more interesting, with a little lesson.." she mused, sliding her fingers up to her eyes, a pair of square-lens glasses appearing on her head, as she pressed them up with her palm. "Today, B.B. is going to teach you all what it means to be an Author!"

She twirled her pointer at the blackboard, words filling the board in minuscule text, along with a crude, chalk-drawing of the person behind this....Who looked vaguely irritated as always.

"Now, keep in mind anything I say can and will most likely be changed, dropped, or altered on a whim." the girl pre-empted, a bit of chalk circling the crude drawing, with the word [Inconsistent] appearing above the drawing's head, along with some cartoonish devil horns, and a mock flame. "But, as you no doubt can think.. Authors are the ones who make stories happen... Like the eleven or so before my debut."

She gripped the top of the blackboard for a second, and spun it around, showing what looked like a flipbook of a character running across the board.

"There's ones like "The 'Forgotten' homework, The Twelve Fanatics, etc." she started, a short flash of the omo.org board appearing, as she tapped at it. "But, seeing as you're in the Faustverse right now, you should understand....Author isn't a mere term for those who coin stories, and finagle with text... No, no... In this world, an Author is someone who not only can Project into a story, but also Displace, Augment, or Alter the reality they're in... Through things such as creation, Editing, or even deleting certain things. In other words, it's like one big ol' game to them."

B.B. tapped her pointer to the blackboard, it stopping on an empty path, as she pointed at the top corner.

"Luckily, the words are all pretty self explanatory. Projecting means entering the story themselves, as themselves. Displacing means taking over the role of a character, Augment means to add things to the story, kind of like bonus packs, or E.A. DLC style stuff. Oh, and then there's the whole Altering thing.."

With every word, it appeared on the blackboard, scrawling in white chalk as she lightly bent the pointer, starting to trace it in the air after a few moments.

"They can create something by using a writing pen.." she mused, scrawling [Bottle of Water] with the pointer in black text, the words suddenly changing into a bottle of water on command. She gripped the bottle, unscrewed the lid, and started to tilt it back...

"Edit it, by getting close enough to the object.." she continued, despite very visibly drinking....The words [Diuretic-Laced] appearing over it, as she lowered the bottle, and made a scratching motion with her pointer...

"Or delete it, if it doesn't completely collapse the story from it's removal."

She tossed the bottle, but it was as if it never existed after but a few moments... Dissipating into the air.

"Of course, this isn't limited to just objects." B.B. Continued, spinning the blackboard to show what looked like a schedule on the blackboard... Showing a medley of things...

"Should an Author be close enough to a person, which they can most certainly be when projecting into their world of choice..... They can even alter that person's story...So long as it keeps it's cohesion intact enough for the story to have an ending."

Looking at the schedule, it looked simple enough.

[7:00AM Wake up] [7:30AM Breakfast] [8:00 Freshen up for work] [11:59PM Finish work]

"Sooooo, if one of you naughty viewers were to utilize Authorial Power, you could do things such as change the times..." the girl started, twirling her pointer again..

[7:00Am->7:15AM]

"Add some more details to an existing event....."

[7:30 <Big> Breakfast]

"Or even... Delete some parts.."

[8:00 Freshen up fo-]-> [8:00 Work]

The girl gave a light bounce at the text shifting... Suddenly bouncing from foot to foot, as she squirmed her hips, and rested a hand on her belly.

"Of course, you've gotta be mindful of some things.." she added, gesturing with a now trembling hand. "For example, nature will try to run it's course, without repeated interference by an Author.."

A loud grrrrgle could be heard, text starting to scrawl up onto the blackboard....before it was hastily erased, as she tapped at it again...

"So, you'll have to put some time in, if you wanna see your favorite characters in just agonizing situations.." she mused, double-tapping the blackboard again. "Though though, given that this is our first meeting.. I think I'll have to do a little editing of my own.."

The schedule on the board shifted again, changing the line about breakfast....

[<Big> Breakfast] -> [Breakfast with lots of juice.]

B.B.'s hand moved off of her stomach at this, though she started to bounce from foot to foot more quickly, shifting back and forth.

"There!" she called, her non-pointer hand now resting on her thigh. "Now, I've got over fourteen hours worth of pent-up piddle down there. Far, far more than any reasonable human being....Not that B.B. is normal, of course..."

She lightly turned to her side at this, pulling back her black coat to show off a prominent distention from under her white shirt, wriggling back and forth.

"An Author can also use their own powers to augment their own forms." B.B. Added, twirling her pointer offhandedly, as the camera zoomed in on her belly. "Which lets them go above and beyond human limits... So long as their wills hold out."

B.B. shivered, her free hand finally moving from beyond her thigh, and to the front of her miniskirt... Pressing, and applying some much needed pressure.

"But, as one strains the body, one strains the mind.." she added, part of her devious grin fading, to a strained, forced smile. "Mu...Much like in reality, you can't ignore such bodily functions forever.... And, when your endurance finally runs out.. When you're at your wit's end.. When you just can't hold it anymore.... You... Just... Ah..!'

The girl suddenly froze solid, face flushing bright red from effort....Before she suddenly straightened up, trembling on the spot, but standing tall anyways.

"M..Mmmm... Sorry, sorry. It just got... soooo bad, i almost forgot to try to stop it.." she stated, giving a wink through a furrowed brow, and a strained smile. "but...but I can't let it end juuuust yet... You never even got a good look down below my waist.."

The camera suddenly shifted back to the front of the girl, slowly slipping down to her black miniskirt, a gloved hand still pressing firmly in the middle of it...

"You're going to have to look at my panties fast.." she remarked, yanking the skirt up for a few scant moments, a flash of white cotton gracing the camera....Before the skirt was pressed back down quickly. "C...'Cause if I let off the pressure for more than three seconds, I'm gonna spray..."

A little further down the leg, one could see long black thigh highs over B.B.'s legs, trailing all the way down to some low-heeled shoes...

"Good...Good thing this isn't one of those kind of stories.." she stated with a bit of mock pleasure, bending at the knees. "If I had to...Had to step on some of you, while saying demeaning things, or run my hands over your naughty bodies...I think I might...Might.. just........Just..Ah...!"

A light clattering could be heard at this, the grey pointer in her hands suddenly dropping to the floor as both of her gloved hands gripped at the front of her skirt... Squeezing firmly....

"Mmmm...Mmmmmmnnnn... Ohhhnn... Ohhh....Shame this isn't an interactive.." she started, squeezing her eyes shut, as she struggled to maintain a devious facade. "C..Cause this would be the part where i test and quiz you about Authors, to make sure you were paying attention to what my mouth was saying, and not what my...my body is screaming..."

She shifted her hips back and forth, squirming, writhing, and wriggling as she bent forward slightly, gritting her teeth....

"So...So... So, for now.." the girl started, daring to open her eyes, a strained... but obviously pleased gaze in her eyes. "You'll...Have to settle...for this...kind of ending... Sorry, Biku.... B.B. just can't hold it anymore. "

One of B.B's hands moved to brush her insanely long hair to the side, seemingly to feign some kind of control, but as the camera spun around, it was shown to be a way for B.B. to take advantage of her forward-leaning pose, and provide a delightful view up her black miniskirt...As the crotch of her pristine white panties started to dull....Grey....and moisten.... Drip....Drip...Dribbling....

"Ahh....Ahhhhh..Haaaaaahhhhh.!" B.B.'s voice moaned out, as little trickles grew into a slow, but steady stream... Starting to sputter, and spray down her thighs.... Trickle down her socks, and puddle onto the ground..... The purple haired girl starting to visibly shiver as she started to gush like a small faucet.... A loud, steady hissing filling the featureless room, as she started to pant softly..... Well, and truly spent....

"Mmmm...Mmmm....." the girl sounded, lightly licking her lips as she started to sink to her knees, two fingers moving up in a peace-sign gesture at the audience. "C...Class Dismissed~"

=======

*047*2019-09-11 03:59

[Day 13: No Rivers in the Cities, Girls....]

"Ughhhhhhh....I can't take it anymore!!!!"

It was an average afternoon in detention, complete with the two troublemakers of River City, one of which had screamed out her frustration as usual. However...

"It's been like two freakin' hours! When are they gonna let us go, already?" Misako, the short tempered, dark haired girl of the duo groaned, her nails digging into her desk. "I've gotta piss like a racehorse, and I'm not gonna listen to Professor Dull try to teach me remedial math again."

"I don't even go to this school, I don't know why they keep putting me in here with you." the other half of the duo, a normally bubbly and perky girl, with long orange hair tied into a ponytail with a red ribbon snarked. "But...Yeah, this isn't some kind of new punishment for skipping class, is this?"

"Ugh, it better not be!" Misako snarled, slamming her hands into her desk. "If I find out this is some kind of sick joke for some pervy principal to get off to, or worse, that Godai, I'm gonna shove his creepy head into one of his cameras."

"Totes.." Kyoko absentmindedly called, her fingers scrawling at a paper.... But, given she was too busy focusing on the sky outside, it was clear she was paying very little attention to anything.

"And if this is some kind of trick so Hasabe and Mami can try to steal my Kunio.." the fierce girl snapped, her hands no longer merely slammed into the desk, but starting to crack it in half....

"M..Misako, please... Take your seat.." the poor teacher who did not get paid enough for this gently protested.... As the metallic object was chucked his way sharply, clattering against the wall.

"No, YOU take it!" Misako yelled, storming over to the door. "I've been sitting here, nursing a bladder that's gonna burst for two freakin' hours! If you're not gonna let us go, I'm going to let myself go!"

"Ah, Misako.."

"As in, let myself out, Kyoko! Obviously.." she quickly elaborated, as some static filled the room... The intercom flaring to life.

"Everyone! You know how we handle Detention!" the voice of a featureless principal called out, catching everyone's ears. "Nobody leaves until detention is over! For Any reason! Kids, you know what to do....."

The students started to push out from their seats, standing and turning to face the black haired girl.....Who merely dug a hand into her bag, and started to slip on a pair of pink brass knuckles.....

"And don't forget her friend too."

Several of the students turned their head to Kyoko, who rolled her eyes and pushed the desk out.

"Whatever. I wanted to go see my Riki-poo anyways." she mused, opting out of any support weapons, but starting to hop into place.... Loosening up her stiff legs, from hours of sitting....

"Get em!"

The classmates, as all good mobs do, approached three or four at a time.... Enough to be greeted with several slugged fists to the gut, the back, the chins, and the sides. Misako's punches landed with a tremendous force, only matched by her friend on the other side of the room.....Opting for a few short jabs, and some acrobatic kicks and flips.

"Well, that should be all of them." Misako called after a few waves of students, the door to detention flying open, as she started out. "C'mon Kyoko!"

"See ya later, Professor Karoshi!"

The two skipped out of the classroom, leaving the teacher to breath a sigh of relief, and grab the broom once again....

As the two girls started down the halls, Misako let out an urgent groan, shaking her head.

"Crap, I forgot the bathrooms are on the first floor.." she snapped, slamming a student into a locker that approached her as a random encounter.

"There's only one set of bathrooms?" Kyoko retorted incredulously, dunking a pompadoured student into a trash can. "What kind of school is this?"

It was a hop, skip, and a jump down to the first floor....Where thankfully there were no more people to stall them with fighting.... However..

"Oh, I didn't know the day care let out early.." a girl with long, purple hair in twintails that dangled in the front sneered out...

"Didn't know Misako was Potty trained.." a second girl, this one with short, curly blonde hair added... The two standing side-by side, with matching evil grins.

"Outta my way, Hasabe, Mami." Misako snapped, one of her hands dipped into black-shorts that stopped midway to the knees....Looking to the twintailed girl, and the blonde in turn.

"Yeah, we're on a quest! Like Lilli... What was her name?" Kyoko added, suddenly looking in deep thought as she tried to remember the legends.... Hasabe scoffing.

"Oh, we'd never dream of intruding on your Toilet training.." Hasabe called, as the black haired girl stomped right past the two.... And gripped the doorknob..

Clatter...Clatter...

"But the Janitor apparently does." Mami finished with a chuckle... Prompting Misako to growl in anger...

"Freakin' Great! Of course the Door's locked!" she thrashed, trying to pry the door... But eventually relenting...

"Oh, what are we gonna do.." Kyoko worried, starting to press her legs together. "If we can't get into the bathroom.."

"I heard the Janitor keeps his keys on the fourth floor." Hasabe piped up helpfully, prompting a sudden snap of attention from both of the girls.

"He does?!" Misako called, Mami chuckling a bit.

"Last room at the end of the hall...Other end of the gym......If I recall."

"Oh my gosh, thank you!!" Misako called, starting to charge up to the stairs. "C'mon Kyoko! Let's go!"

"Yeah...Yeah, let's go!"

As the two scurried up the staircase, the other two girls could be seen giggling lightly... Turning to leave the school with a few unheard whispers..... No doubt leaving out any... complications the two could face...

"Ugh, how many of these guys are there?!" Misako quipped as she just finished bashing an aggressive cheerleader with her bookbag, it being less deadly than her knuckles, but also much less straining on her slender body...

"I dunno, but I'm glad I don't go to this school.." Kyoko added, having picked up a kendo-stick, and bonked several students over the head with it as they passed floor after floor...

Room after room...

Mob after mob....

Before finally getting to the end of the hall of the fourth floor......Opening into a large gymnasium.

"Why is the gym on the fourth floor, and not a ground one?" Kyoko asked, as Misako shook her head.

"Not important, let's just get that key, and get going!"

It was another slugfest, knocking out the rank and file students as they made their way to the complete opposite end of the gym.... Only to find a shut door, with a note on it.

"Janitor's key room locked.... Please see Cafeteria on the second floor?" Kyoko read, prompting another yell from Misako..

"Auuuuuughhhhh!!! Now we gotta go back?! This is stupid..!"

Misako could be seen pressing her legs together, shifting back and forth in her walk cycle.... Stiff, slowed, and otherwise troubled....

As Kyoko's kicks started to lose their momentum, her own hips swaying back and forth as she started throwing some of the generously allocated 'weapons'... And tried her best to avoid clashing with the mobs....

Once they got to the second floor....

"Cafeteria key in Locker rooms?! Please go to third floor?!" Misako snapped, slamming a clenched fist into the door. "This is freakin' torture!"

"M..Mmmm.." Kyoko replied, one of her hands pressing to the front of her skirt. "At least it's only one floor this time..."

Once they got up to the third floor though....

"Locker room key in Mr. Karoshi's Class?! Please see Karoshi?!!!! Aghhhhh!!!!"

"We..Should have asked while we were there.." Kyoko added, the black haired girl snapping her head.

"Ugh..! If i knew it would have saved us all this running..!" she started, taking an angry stomp...

Sss..

And flinching...

"Agh...!!! No no... Not right now..!"

"Ah? What's wrong, Misako?"

"A...A little.... I think a little came out..!"

The words seemed to prompt something in the duo's other half, as she suddenly plunged both of her hands to her skirt, squeezing herself prominently...

"Aaaaaa.... Now I feel like it's gonna come out..!" she whimpered, starting to squirm her hips back and forth. "C'mon..! Let's hurry...!"

It was a scurried, frantic jog back to the fourth floor... Both girls swerving to avoid the mobs as Misako darted in, gripping the teacher by his collar.

"Key! Hand! NOW!" she demanded, a shimmering golden key being put into her hand by the terrified adult.... Misako snatching it up, and tossing the teacher down onto a rousing student.

"Got it...!" she cheered to Kyoko, still crossing one leg over another. "So... To the bathroom...!"

"Yay..!" Kyoko started, before suddenly pausing to think. "Um.. Which room did this key go to, again?"

The trip back to the locker room felt longer than the path from it, no doubt hindered by the growing agitation in their lower bellies... The gnawing pressure, swelling to a maddening extent....

And the Ten minute timers above each of their heads.....

[Time to Disaster]

"O...Okay... Now, where was after the locker rooms.." Misako thought out loud, as the girls staggered their way down to the second floor, opening the cafeteria door.... And finding a grey looking key on one of the aprons.

"Great..! And this key opens the Janitor's room.." Kyoko stated, smiling... Before suddenly wincing. "On... On the fourth floor.."

"Ugh....!!! Stairs....." Misako grumbled, shaking her head. "I'm so sick of stairs... They're too jarring... And... And.. Nnnghhh!!!"

The black haired girl finally dipped her second hand to her shorts, as the two started back up the stairs that separated them from the gym.... Charging through the halls, and across the gym... To finally open the door to the Janitor's key room.

"Never... Wanna... Do...This...again." Kyoko panted, shifting and whimpering as they started down the steps... Gingerly...Carefully.. As if balancing a plate, or a glass on their heads....

The timer ticked down ominously as they made it back to the first floor.... Standing to the bathroom door..

"Alright... Finally.." Misako started, the locks falling off the bathroom doors.

"And without a crazy boss fight! Stellar!" Kyoko tempted, as the two saw a sort of meter appearing beneath them... And a horrible realization came over both of them....

"There's... Only one stall in the bathroom here.." Misako started, as Kyoko glanced over.

"And... Two of us.." she completed, the meter at the bottom starting to form words, as the two friends looked each other in the eyes...

"But if one of us goes in.."

"The other might.."

The two held a glance for a long time.... The PA starting to blare a dangerous, boss-like theme.....

"What about the boy's bathroom?"

"Oh you have those here? Thank god..."

There was, in fact, a second bathroom door hidden just out of plain view of the girl's room...No doubt having been locked just as well, but apparently empty.

"So, I'll just slide on in here.." Misako started, moving to press open the ladies door...

"But Misako, I don't know how to use a boy's room!" Kyoko protested, gesturing at her skirt as if to emphasize her girly-nature.

"Ohhh Fine, but you owe me.." Misako answered plainly, darting off into the boy's room and moving over to one of the urinals on the wall.

An unbuttoning of her shorts, a turn to position her posterior over the wall-mounted receptacle, and...

"Mmmmmmahhhhhhh.... Ohhhhhh... Ohhhhh... Ohhh, that's better..." Misako groaaaaaned in relief, a clear, pent-up stream trickling down into the urinal, only getting a little onto her green-striped panties.....

In the girl's room, Kyoko quickly took to a stall, sliding her panties down and lifting her skirt up.... Plopping down onto the commode.

"Aaaahhhhhh.... Haaaaahhhhh.. Aaaaaaa.." Kyoko panted in relief, sagging against the back of her proverbial porcelain throne....As she merrily pissed away the past few hours worth of piddle.

"Ohhhh... Ohhh, that was close..."

"Way...Wayyy too close..."

Both girl's eyes fluttered closed in relief, enjoying the sensation of finally emptied bladders.....As the screen suddenly faded to black, a gold message appearing across the screen.

[You're Winner]

====

