HoloMess ~Magical Mishaps~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2022-06-26 19:57

“It’s nice to finally come over and take a load off after such a long week.” Minato Aqua took her shoes off and stretched her limbs in all directions. “Can you believe it Shion? They actually expect me to do maid stuff like cleaning the dishes and mopping the floor! I can’t do that! I’m a gamer maid!”

“I don’t know, I feel like the title of ‘maid’ probably has something to do with it. People tend to do more in life than just play Apex, you know?” Murasaki Shion giggled to herself as she scanned her best friend from head to toe. She had invited the cotton candy-haired girl over for the weekend under the guise of being “a weekend for the girls.” However, the petite witch had much more devilish things planned. She had been browsing her spell books for new and inventive ways to prank others, but the one she found last week took the cake. “There’s no way I could turn down the ability to trap her in a diaper. She’d look way too cute! Plus, it’d give me a little leverage over her for a while,” Shion thought to herself as her giggle morphed into laughter.

“What’s so funny?” Aqua pouted. “I don’t think that my profession is that humorous!”

“I suppose you’re right,” Shion replied. “Btw, wanna get into some new clothes? I doubt you wanna wear that maid outfit all weekend.” She grabbed Aqua out of her seat and stood her up in front of her.

“Yeah, that’d be nice. You told me not to bring any clothes though. What am I gonna wear?”

“Don’t worry about that. I learned a new spell that can change a person’s clothes to whatever they want!” The bratty girl tried her best not to laugh at her blatant lie as the other girl beamed with excitement.

“Really?! That’s so cool! You’d never have to buy clothes again! I guess your magic is useful for something after all,” Aqua joked before extending her arms outwards. “What are you waiting for? Light me up!”

“Sure thing, baby girl.” Shion mumbled the last part of her sentence as she waved her wand and prepared to cast the spell. Normally she’d need to be touching the subject for these kinds of spells, but this one was based off of line of sight, making it easy to target the girl standing eagerly in front of her. Taking a deep breath and channeling her energy, she uttered, “Infantilia Morphessia.” A bright light emitted from Shion’s wand, blinding both girls momentarily, causing them to close their eyes. Shion was first to open them, however, as she was greeted with the sight of her success. Aqua was devoid of all clothes, save a large, poofy paper diaper.

“Shion, what happened? I feel- AIIIIIHHHHHHHH!” The maid cut herself off as her eyes opened and she looked downwards, revealing her embarrassing state of dress.

“HAHAHAHA, it worked!” Shion laughed as Aqua screamed in her own humiliation. However, it wasn’t very soon until the witch noticed a soft and crumply object between her own legs. “Huh?! No way!” Shion looked down at herself to reveal she had ended up cursing herself as well. “B-but how?” Shion looked around in a panicked state before her eyes grew three sizes. Slightly behind Aqua’s right-hand side was a full body mirror, of which Shion could see herself clearly. “No, no, no, this can’t be happening!”

“Ughhhh, why won’t it come off?!” The other girl was not on the ground, desperately trying with all her might to pull or rip the infantile padding off her, but the garment resisted every attempt as if it were magic. “Shion, what did you do?”

“Shit, it wasn’t supposed to happen like this,” the silver-haired girl cursed, facing her friend with a grimace on her face. “We’re trapped in these until I can find a way out.”

“WHAT?!” Aqua got on her knees and grabbed Shion by her waist. “What do you mean?”

“Only you were supposed to be hit by the spell, and I was gonna baby you for the weekend. The diapers can only be taken off by someone who isn’t cursed. But, since I got myself too, neither of us can take the diapers off of ourselves or each other.”

“You’re kidding me. What now then? You don’t expect us to just sit here and use this diaper, do you?”

“Just give me some time, I’m gonna figure something out.” With that, Shion buried herself in her spell book.

“Well hurry up. I… have to pee…” Aqua shifted her legs a little at the end of her statement. Shion scowled, feeling a twinge in her own bladder as well.

“HURRY UP!”

“I’m trying!” Shion snapped back. It had been an hour, and both girls were now bouncing back-and-forth, doing their own potty dances as they desperately tried to hold their pee. The witch-girl had it worse, having to deal with finding a way to undo the spell, Aqua’s rambling, and her bladder all at the same time. “Ah, there it is!” She had finally found a spell that could work. The wording was unclear, but it seemed to be a “spell of sharing”. She didn’t quite get it, but it sounded like she could take her own curse and push it onto Aqua.

“Do it already then!” Aqua was bouncing so much it looked almost like an idol step.

“Of course,” Shion said with a smirk. This time, the spell was just one word. Grabbing her wand again, Shion incanted another spell. “Synegendo.”

“Whoa!” Aqua yelped. The room filled with another flash of white, and before long both girls opened their eyes. This time, however, vision wasn’t needed to know what happened, as they could feel the body heat of another firmly pressed against their fronts.

“WHAAAAAAAAT?” Both girls screamed. The spell had done the worst thing possible. Where the duo had originally been wearing their own diapers, they now found their waists were tightly bound together, entrapped together in one large, singular diaper.

“Get off of me!” Aqua demanded, pulling desperately at the garment that now conjoined them.

“I-I can’t! We’re stuck together!” The girls’ crotched were so firmly smashed together that they could feel each other’s pubic hair grazing the other’s vagina. Before they could comment further on their discomfort, they were reminded of a feeling that was now ripping its control from the girls’ bodies.

“No, I can’t hold it!”

“Shit me neither!”

“I’M PEEING!” Both girls wailed as their urine started to jet out of their pussies and into the waiting padding. The duo could do nothing but hold each other as their crotches were cascaded with one another’s pee, humiliation burning holes through their faces as the begged for it to end. After multiple minutes, their streams turned into trickles, then into drops. The middle part of their shared diaper sagged greatly under the burden of two desperate women’s urine.

“S-Shion… I feel so gross.”

“I know… Me too…”

The girls were gently sobbing on each other’s shoulders, nearly exhausted from the recent events. But that didn’t stop the spell from doing it’s magic any less. After a small reprieve, the short girls felt a pressure build at their anuses.

“W-what?! Why did it suddenly get so strong?!” An epiphany hit Shion. “No way…”

“Shion, I-I gotta…”

“I know. It’s the spell, I think.” Shion let out a curse before continuing, “I think the last spell made us share each other’s spell effects.”

“But… what does that have to do with anything?” the maid said, simultaneously squirming to hold the pressure in her bowels while trying not to mash her now soaked vagina against Shion’s.

“To be honest, making us naked and putting us in diapers isn’t the only thing the first spell was supposed to do.” A blush formed on the witch’s face before she continued. “It also is supposed to increase the urge to use the bathroom. And because the second spell made us share each other’s spell on top of our own, I think we’re now experiencing the increased urge twofold.”

“You… you mean…” Aqua stammered her speech, scared of the implications.

“Yes,” Shion exhaled. “I imagine we’re only gonna be able to hold it for a few minutes before we… poop ourselves…”

“I see…”

No words were exchanged after that. Minutes passed, and as foretold, Aqua grunted softly as her anus gave out, allowing her poop to slide out effortlessly into her side of their shared diaper, bulging out the material with semi-soft goop. Shion didn’t last much longer. She grabbed the maid’s shoulders as she braced herself for the coming incontinence. Several hard logs of poop forced their way out of her behind, coiling on top of on another to make an even more pronounced bulge in her side of the diaper. As they defected in their underwear, their floodgates opened again, causing them to drench each other’s crotches yet again in pee. After many minutes of combined grunting and pushing, the duo’s diaper became fully used, and both girls were finally relieved. Their combined effort and close body heat only made things awkward, however, as sweat pooled all over their bodies and down their diaper as well, sweating so much that they could start to feel their breasts stick together.

“We need to call someone, unless you wanna be stuck in a dirty diaper together all day,” Shion said between breaths.

“Yeah. Let’s call Choco. She’s a nurse, so she has to keep this confidential, right?”

“Good idea. Also, let’s get on the floor before my legs give out and I do something we both regret.” Aqua nodded, and both girls managed to ease themselves into a sitting position on the ground, the duo cringing as they felt their collective piss and shit push up against their bare bottoms and practically smooching crotches. As Aqua dialed up Choco, Shion thought to herself, “This is gonna be the longest wait of my life.”

In an hour, Yuzuki Choco entered Shion’s apartment to be greeted by two girls lying on their side, sharing a heavily used diaper. The sight would’ve been appalling if she wasn’t told beforehand, but the demon couldn’t help but burst out laughing at her genmates’ predicament.

“Don’t laugh. It’s not funny!” Aqua pouted, squirming lightly as the mess she was in started to get uncomfortable.

“Just please, get us out of this mess!” Shion begged, feeling the beginning of a diaper rash developing on her nether regions.

“Oh don’t worry girls, I’m gonna get you out in a minute.” Choco pulled out her smartphone and took a series of photos of the humiliated duo, making their eyes turn into tiny marbles.

“C-C-Choco, w-what are you gonna do with those?” Fear deteriorated Shion’s ability to speak as the nurse kept taking pictures.

“Oh, nothing. Just some material to ensure you two stay obedient while I baby you for the weekend.”

The girls’ hearts fell. “But I thought nurses were supposed to be confidential!” Aqua rebutted.

“In cases of health, yes. Not in cases of stupidity.” Choco put down the large bag she had been carrying and pulled out two adult diapers from it. “Now, are Mommy’s little girls ready for their first change of the weekend?”

“NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”

