Wanting to see a story idea become a reality

Author: Branchingsalmon

*000*2015-09-30 02:58

I have always had this story idea but never seen anybody write about it. I have no talent as a writer so I wanted to ask the community if anybody was up for a story challenge. Heres the basic outline... "A story were a girl (girl from a TV show or authors own creation, authors choice) is invited to go on her boy friends boat. She agrees on the condition that she can make it a double date. She invites her best friend and her best friends boy friend to the boat with her. The day of the date the four get on the boyfriends boat and head out on the sea to fish, tan, relax, ect. The boat it self is big enough to accommodate them but lacks a bathroom. All four know if you need to urinate you just wade in the water and go but the girls stomach begins to hurt once their far from the harbor.

She desperately tries to hold, what she now knows is diarrhea, with her best friend catching on to her struggle and trying to convince the two guys to turn back to the harbor using various excuse's and lies trying to convince them but to no avail. Finally after a hour of battling with her bowels, she cant hold it anymore and being unable to lift her legs, without accident, to get on the step latter so she can jump into the water, she sits on the side of the boat and pulling to the side/pulling down her pants/swimsuit (Authors choice on what she's wearing)has loud, violent, and gassy diarrhea off the side of the boat. I would really appreciate it if someone made a story out of this, I have always wanted to see a story about this and also dont be afraid to change it a little bit, maybe even get the girls friend some diarrhea problems herself I just ask that the girl be embarased and desperate. Thanks again.

