HoloMess ~Also Cute Today~

Author: nyonoyo

*000*2021-10-06 04:42

New story! The next one will be the last story for Hololive Gen0. I plan on changing topics for a little while to focus on some independent Vtubers. Please look forward to future works!

“Ahhhh, so disgusting…”

A faint hissing sound resounded in a small room. At its source was a young idol, void of any clothes except her headset and the diaper she was currently urinating in. Both her hands were occupied, equally pleasuring her breast and her privates. The smell of pee and the warmth cascading her hand only served to further gross her out. What’s worse, she was starting to feel tight in her stomach, likely as a result of the laxative she took beforehand. She cursed under her breath, lamenting how she ended up in this situation. If only she had been more careful back then, none of this would’ve happened.

“Gotta pee…”

Hoshimachi Suisei awkwardly pranced, one hand between her thighs as she got off the train. Dance practice went on far longer than she intended, and she tried to avoid public toilets whenever possible. However, on the train back to Shibuya Station, she was quick to learn she had made an error in judgement. The blue-haired girl could already feel spurts start to leak out into her matching panties. She knew she couldn’t make it home in time, let alone the next few minutes. In a last-ditch effort, she sprinted through the crossing into an alleyway behind some office buildings. Barely making an effort to check her surroundings, she pulled her underwear down to her knees and let her floodgates open.

Suisei lost herself in the ecstasy of release, closing her eyes as she focused on her stream. After a while, her flow died down to a trickle before stopping, ending the desperation that haunted her. But that relief was short lived, as when the girl opened her eyes, she was met with a situation that made her heart sink. She looked up to find a young man in a hoodie staring her down, grinning as he held his phone in front of her. It was clear what he was doing. Before getting the time to process what was happening, the man spoke his terms clearly.

“Do as I say, or this video goes out to the whole world.”

Suisei froze. If this got out anywhere, her chances as an idol would be shot. She couldn’t afford to let this happen, especially with her debut album around the corner. The now nervous girl bit one of her gloved fingers, contemplating her options, or rather, her lack thereof. After a few seconds of thinking it over, she defaulted to what she believed to be the only option.

“What do you want?”

Suisei’s flashback was brought to an abrupt halt as her bowels churned, begging for release. With a disgruntled expression, she turned around in her chair, exposing her backside to the camera lens as instructed by her blackmailer. Hugging the back of her chair, she grunted as she gave one hard push. And one hard push was all that was needed, as steaming hot, barely solid shit rocketed itself into Suisei’s diaper. Tears and drool started to escape the sullied idol’s eyes and mouth, her pride completely voiding her body and filling the protective garment around her waist. For the first time in her life, Suisei had crapped herself on purpose, and in a diaper to boot. She could only pray this was the only time she’d have to suffer such humiliation. The young girl finished her business, the only sound in the room being her barely audible sniffles, and the only smell being that of her own waste, which was worsening by the second.

She shuddered, remembering that her task wasn’t fully complete yet. Suisei about-faced towards the camera, staring at it with a look of pure hatred as she propped her butt above her chair. Slowly and gently, the girl began to lower herself into the chair, grimacing once her soiled padding made contact with the cushion. It that moment, she let go of the chair arms she’d been using to hold herself up, plopping into the chair. Her mess rapidly spread across her buttocks and pussy, all for her extortionist to see. Suisei’s light sobbing transformed into crying like an infant, her dignity in shambles. The young man logged off after leaving a parting message for his prey.

“Good girl. See you next week.”

Over two months had passed since the initial accident. In that time, Suisei had grown more and more used to using diapers as her toilet. The blackmailer would get more creative with his demands each subsequent week, ranging from acting like a baby to cumming in a shitty diaper. But this time, the idol was at wits end. Not only did he want her to poop her panties for the first time, but she was also going to have to do it in the middle of Shibuya Crossing, with hundreds of people around her. There was no way no one would notice, but at this stage, it was too late to do anything in retaliation. Multiple weeks of high-quality footage of her willingly pissing and messing herself hung above her head. Just like back then, Suisei got off at Shibuya Station after her dance lessons, walking to the crossing before pulling out her phone to confirm her task.

“I’m here. How will you know I did it?”

“I’ll know.”

Suisei scoffed at the remark, putting her phone back in her pocket as she made her way to the center of the crossing. She stopped in the middle and took a deep breath, thinking to herself, “Am I really about to do this?” Gathering herself, she took a series of breaths, slowly pushing against her bowels, hoping the drugs will take care of the rest.

And they did just that. A long, sturdy log started to coil inside of Suisei’s panties. She opted for black today, hoping that there would be a remote chance she could save them from being stained. But even then, for the time being, the bulge in her undergarments was only growing bigger, with little sign of stopping. In that moment, she panicked. She knew she needed to do something, or her shit would leak out of the sides. Without thinking, she put a hand under her skirt and pressed the growing mass against her ass, flattening the load and making room for more.

“Ewewewewewewew!” Suisei was screaming at herself internally, utterly repulsed by what she just did. She looked around and noticed the pedestrian traffic was almost over. With softer mush making its way out of her now, she opted to cross before gaining the attention of all of Shibuya. As she finished crossing, she realized her “accident” had ended, the only thing remaining to show what she did being the heavy mass weighing down her panties. The typically high-spirit girl spared no time finding a convenience store to cleanse herself of this nightmare. After she was satisfied with her condition for the time being, she checked her phone yet again and was met with a disturbing message.

“There’s a package in the alley where you first humiliated yourself. Follow the instructions perfectly, and I’ll let you go.”

The idol feared what he had in store, but built up the determination to go confront her final task.

Sure enough, there was a completely inconspicuous package waiting the fashionable girl’s arrival. It was hard to concentrate on it with the remnants of her last accident still on her person, but picked up the small box and read the note attached to it.

You’ve been a great toy, but frankly, I’m getting bored of you. Even if I had new ideas planned, you just don’t do it for me anymore. So, that being said, I’ve got one more task for you. Disobey, and you know what’ll happen.

Inside this box is a “game” of sorts. Your friend, Sakura Miko, is expecting a game like this to come to her door in a few days. I want you to swap this with the real copy she’s expecting. I’ll know if you don’t complete this swap, so don’t pull anything funny.

Anyways, it was fun playing with you. I can’t wait to turn the rest of Hololive into obedient slaves. Just. Like. You.

Suisei swallowed. She wasn’t sure what was awaiting her colleagues, but if she could be free of this torment, she was ready to do anything. Even if that meant betraying her best friends.

