Loss of Control-A Control Fanfic

Author: diokno44x

*000*2020-11-03 17:38

Loss of Control

Prologue

There it was, staring her right in the face. After years of research, digging up any leads, and browsing websites which probably had ended her up on several watch and no-fly lists, she had found it.

Jesse Faden had found the headquarters of the Federal Bureau of Control. “I can’t believe it. I’ve been to New York dozens of times, yet here you are.” Taking a deep breath, the woman stepped through the doors.

Her diaper crinkled as she moved, yes, diaper, for that was the only thing she wore. Ever since the incident that had A. The Bureau knocking down her door, B. Her brother Dylan was taken away by the Bureau for God knows whatever reason, and C. Gotten some entity she referred to as Polaris bonded with her, she found that all clothing save for her protective padding would, somehow, find its way off her.

Whether a shirt would suddenly become too small to fit, a newly bought pair of pants would tear at the seam, or a jacket would be suddenly blown off by a mysterious gust of wind. However, seemingly, no one noticed. Jesse didn’t know if it was Polaris activating some kind of filter around her, whatever that damned projector did to her and Dylan, or the world was just insane, no one noticed the fact she was nearly naked. Then again, neither did she. While she would fill wind or heat, it would always be buffeted as if she wore, say, a parka. Her feet never got the cuts or blisters someone always going around barefoot would accrue.

As for the diaper, well, that was normal. Even before it became the only form of, for lack of a better word, apparel, she always wore them. From what Polaris had suggested, whatever bound her, for the voice Polaris spoke with, as somewhat muffled as it was, like someone speaking through a thick scarf or broken walkie-talkie, sounded feminine, to Jesse may have caused her to never gain full control over her bladder and bowels, not to mention Jesse’s small case of shyness and stubbornness. Jesse didn’t mind much. It was more convenient, in her mind, than rushing around trying to find a useable bathroom, especially a relatively sanitary one in some cases.

“Hello? Anyone home?” Jesse called out, looking around. The place, while a bit on the older side in terms of furniture, looked like a relatively mundane government building, especially those you’d see in TV shows and flicks featuring your standard “G-Men”, Men in Black types. It was then that the padded woman, as she walked past a deserted metal detector station, heard something, akin to a faint whispering.

“Do you hear that? It sounds like….hissing?” Jesse asked Polaris as she pushed aside a table that had been blocking her path. The muffled voice spoke into her ear, and her mind. Jesse pouted, a small tinge of crimson lighting up her cheeks. “No, its not me. I’m pretty sure I would know what the sound of me pissing sounds like.” she grumbled.

As she rounded a corner, she found a man, dressed in a janitor’s garb, mopping the floor. “Oh excuse me, sir?” She called out, the man turned. “I’m-”

“Looking for a job?” The man asked. He was middle aged, and his voice carried a slight accent, vaguely Eastern European or Scandinavian in nature. A nametag on his jumpsuit read Ahti. Like the Finnish god island hero and god of the seas. Jesse thought, with a mental chuckle. She nodded, knowing that normal sounding excuse would be easier than any she could come up on her lonesome. The man turned, and pointed down a corridor. “The Director’s office is right through there, rouva.”

The Director eh? This could be the best lead I have over where these bastards have Dylan. Jesse thought to herself. “Thanks.” she smiled at the janitor. Having been one herself (and boy did wearing diapers help during especially long nights), she had a respect for those who worked in maintaining upkeep of a facility. Humming, the padded woman strolled through until she found a door, above which hung a sign reading DIRECTOR’S OFFICE. She opened the door….

….to find the Director laying facedown in a pool of dried blood, a strange looking handgun cast aside.

“Oh shit!” Jesse exclaimed, racing over. “Damn it.” she said, finding a hole, about the size of a quarter in his temple, burrowed all the way out to the other side. As she fought the urge to vomit, Polaris once more spoke in her mind. “You want me to pick up the murder weapon? Really?” Another mental warble. “Fine, fi-what the fuck?!” Jesse screamed, as she picked up the firearm, and felt reality begin to shift and her vision distort..

The diapered woman looked around. Around her were large, grey platforms, and beyond that, an endless white void. You are latest Director/Assistant, no? A disembodied voice, or voices, called out.

“What the fuck?” Jesse asked, as she headed through the void, her diaper crinkling. Again Polaris spoke into her mind. “The...Board? What, is the Bureau run by a some kinda group of eldritch ghosts?” she chuckled. “Wait, how the hell am I Director?” She asked aloud, as she followed what looked like a path.

You picked up the Service Weapon/gun. You were thus chosen as Director/assistant.

“I can’t…..well, if it’ll help me find Dylan…” Jessia groaned, as she hopped across the various pathways, noticing odd humanoid statues every so often. Eventually, she reached a platform, where the very firearm, the “Service Weapon” as the Board had called it, hovered in midair. “Alright then, let’s do this.” She took a deep breath, and reached for the weapon, let Polaris each out.

Immediatly, a heavy sensation filled her, as she bound the item to her. “Hnnngrh….” She moaned, letting out a moan as a warm load began to leave her bowels, and cause her diaper to expand. She panted as a thick, snakelike turd slid out of and between her cheeks like anal beads, coiling in a pile nestled between her diaper, and her shapely ass. Suddenly, everything burst in a flash of white.

Jesse fell back, the Service Weapon in hand, onto her messily diapered ass. Jesse moaned, face flushed as she arched her back, squirting out her pussy juices. “Damn, that was intense….” she panted, slowly standing. She looked down at the Weapon. It looked like a regular handgun, akin to a revolver. She reached back, pressing a hand against the back of her diaper. “Haven’t shit like this in ages.” she chuckled. Another psychic warble filled her brain. “I am not a pervert….OK, maybe a little.” she blushed. With a slight waddle, she began to look around. “Alright Polaris, be my guiding star and lead the way.” Her fully packed Pampers sagged almost to her knees, swaying, as she followed where her resident internally bonded entity led her along through the hallways .

As she passed through twin double doors labeled Central Executive, she felt something off in the air. It was then Polaris pinged in her brain. She immediately ducked down, biting down on her lip to stifle a moan as the cool tiled floor, and her heels, squished her loaded diaper against her ass. On the floor stood what looked like soldiers, four of them, though they seemed….off. An eerie crimson glow emanated from their bodies, their speech was akin to the hissing she had heard earlier, and they moved like zombies. Unfortunately for Jessie, they noticed her, raising them guns. Jesse took aim, winging them at first.

While she hadn’t handled a gun, except on the firing range a few times, survival took precedence. Part of the Service Weapon rose up and hovered, acting as an iron sight of sorts. As each of her foes fell to the blazing ebony rounds of her new firearm, they burst into a spray of not blood, but a strange blood red energy, and vanished with a resonating scream of fury and pain. Once all her enemies had been slain, Jesse stood once more, dimly aware she was pissing into her messy diaper. She strode down the stairs, an enormous black pyramid hanging over a singular circle in the center. Polaris hovered over it, and upon reaching her, she felt a sense of calm, as the menace in the air faded, and the hissing, aside from her pissing, grew silent. Suddenly she was alerted of a voice coming from a shelter labeled, well, shelter, a panic room of sorts perhaps?

Taking a breath, Jesse waddled over, and activated the intercom. “Its alright, it's safe to come out.” she called.

“Thank God, wait, who is this?” A woman responded from the intercom. Jesse gave her name, and the person behind the door now had a sense of surprise to her voice, “Oh, you’re the new Director! Alright, we’re coming out.” The intercom beeped. Jesse stepped back as a magnetic seal was pulled away and the door slid open. Out stepped several office worker looking types, and at head was the woman Jesse presumed she had spoken too over the intercom. She was a blonde, and wore a harness of some kind over a pantsuit and white top. Her eyes flicked up and down Jesse, and then she cleared her throat. “Um, thank you Director Faden, I’m Emily, Emily Pope, I’m a researcher here at the Bureau.”

Jesse held up a hand, smiling softly. The woman before her seemed to exude an aura of calm that was affecting even Jesse. “Please, Jesse is fine.” she smiled. “So, um, I’m guessing, aside from me, you’re the highest ranked person in this room?” she asked.

“Oh, um, yes, ah, Jesse.: Emily smiled brightly. “There’s a meeting room just up these stairs, follow me please.” she said. Jesse nodded, her packed padding swaying as she followed up the marble stairs and into the boardroom. It had your standard large, mahogany desk with some papers scattered about on it. The walls were a dark grey, and held no ornamentation.

Emily was sitting down nearby. Jesse sat down in the chair in front of Emily, biting her lip to keep from moaning. “I’m here for, well, personal business.”

Emily nodded, “Alright, I’m sure you’ll tell me what that is in due time Di-er, Jesse.” she smiled softly. “Well, before we do anything, I need to need to ask you two things. One, do you know what the Hotline is?” she asked. Jesse shook her head. “Well, it's an Object of Power, looks like an old school rotary phone.” she ran a hand through her hair. “It allows one to communicate with astral beings, or those who have bonded to an Object of Power.” she gestured to the Service Weapon. “Like former Director Trench. Here,” she handed Jesse a map of the Beauru. “This will show you the way, it’ll shift in accordance with the Oldest House, the building. The door should be unlocked.”

Jesse smiled back, taking the map and folding it. “Thanks, so, what’s your second question Emily?” she asked, sitting back.

Emily shifted, cheeks tinged red. “Um, not to embarrass you Jesse, but uh, why are you naked aside from a m-messy diaper?” she asked. Jesse’s eyes widened, however she thought she saw Emily lick her lips and an almost, hungry look in her eyes.

“Y-you can see it?” Jesse asked in shock, her own face ablaze. Emily nodded slowly. “I um, sort of need them. I can, well, control myself, kinda,” she shifted. “As for, well….” she gestured to her nearly nude form. “I don’t know exactly why, but pretty much everything else I’ve tried to wear finds its way off me not long after.”

Emily shifted, her own cheeks red, “Fascinating um, do you need help changing or….”

Jesse smiled, “I can do it myself, unfortunately I didn’t bring any spares, I can probably scavenge something around here, but otherwise, after I get this off me,” she patted her packed pamps, snickering when she saw Emily gaze at her full diaper. “I’ll be going around. In the nude.” she said. Emily nodded dumbedly, and slid some toilet paper over. “Tell you know, if I ever use another diaper, or find something to “go” in or on, I’ll send you a pic.” Jesse teased.

She exited the board room, and found a small little closet by where she would be going. She hummed, untaping her shitstained diaper, and disposing of it in a nearby bin. After wiping herself down as best as she could, the now nude Director began following the map, and Polaris’ guidance.

Polaris said something in her mind as she neared the service elevator that would take her to the floor she needed to go to. “Please, even if I were to piss and shit as I walked around here, wouldn’t make it look any less bad than these, uh, Hiss things are.” she blushed. She punched the button, and took a breath as the doors slid shut, and she descended.

*002*2020-11-04 04:37

{{4 hours ago, darktitan1234 said:

Wow really good cant wait for more!

}}

Thanks. I'm a bit rusty writing kink fic. Glad to hear you enjoy it

*004*2020-11-24 18:20

{{13 hours ago, wetdiaperlover said:

I actually just bought Control the other day and I thought about this Fic! After playing through some of it I really hope you continue this!

}}

Nice, I'm loving Control myself. Yeah I am. Currently having Jesse heading towards Maintenance and such.

*006*2021-04-01 00:24

Here it is, after months, chapter 2

Chapter 1

Hotline

Jesse stretched as she exited the elevator, her bare feet padding against the smooth floor. “Let’s see….” she glanced back at the map that the, in her opinion, rather adorkable scientist had given her, “Just a few more corridors.” she muttered, holding it up. Polaris’s aura surrounded her hand, and the map vanished. Even in the few instances where she was able to wear something other than her diapers for more than a brief moment, whenever she had more than she could reasonably carry, Polaris had shown the woman that she could store things, where they went, Jesse had no idea, but it was handy. “You got any of my spares in there?” She asked, suddenly remembering. She got a negatory response from her resident psychic entity. “Damn, well, this place can’t look any worse if I piss and shit wherever.” she chuckled.

As she said this, she squeaked as a ruler flew up from one of the tables, and smacked her in her shapely ass. “Hey, Pol-” Polaris spoke to her, “The Oldest House did it?” she flipped the bird at nothing in particular. “Hey, I’m trying to help out here, and I’m the Director right?” she grumbled, continuing onward, rubbing her stinging cheeks.

Jesse continued onward, luckily her progress wasn’t impeded much, save for a small squad of Hiss infected guards which were easily dispatched. Soon, Jesse found herself standing before what looked like a pull cord. Pulling on it, she felt reality shift again. However, instead of finding herself in the Astral Plane, she found herself in-

“The Overview Motel? God, haven’t seen this place in ages.” Jesse muttered, looking around. The lights were either off or dim. Only one door was open, its light illuminating the dark motel. The room inside looked like your standard cheap motel room, single person desk, nightstand, mostly well kept one to two person bed. What wasn’t so standard was that the window showed a blurry image of Jesse standing in a glass room with what she could only surmise was the Hotline that Emily had told her about, and the familiar looking pull cord. Taking a deep breath, she pulled on it thrice, and soon found herself in the small glass chamber holding an armchair and the crimson rotary phone. Picking it up, she felt something shift in her mind.

“You’re the new director yes? I’m Trench, your predecessor. Don’t worry, you aren’t going nuts. But if you ever need any help, I’ll be here to give advice.” His phantom tapped her head, and vanished.

Jesse soon returned back to the first pull cord, when she stopped. She felt a growing pressure in her bladder, one that wanted out. The Director smirked, a naughty idea coming to mind. “Hey Polaris, mind giving me my phone?” She asked. She could practically feel the living resonance rolling its non-existent eyes at her. Polaris belched out her phone.

Jesse smiled, dialing up Emily. She wasn’t surprised to see that, even though they had just met not even two hours ago, Emily’s contact info was listed on her Pokeia Pureview. Stranger things had occurred to her. She pressed the number, and Emily’s face popped up on the VisageTime screen. “Hey Emily.”

Emily blinked, and sat up a bit in her chair. “Oh, um, Jesse, did you find any, well, anything to wear, not, not that I’m saying its bad, but, um,” she coughed, her cheeks tinged. “Oh, and um, did you find the Hotline?” she asked.

“Yeah, and you know what I promised earlier?” Jesse asked, a small smirk coming to her face. Emily let out a soft squeak, and her face flushed crimson. “Well, get ready, cause I’m gonna give you your first show, consider it a bonus.” She lowered the phone to her quivering nether lips, as Emily let out a purr. Jesse closed her eyes, tilting her head back, her mouth forming a soft “o” as she relaxed her bladder. It began as a trickle, then a stream grew. With a soft hissing and pattering noise, her piss flowed out of her nethers, growing into a puddle at her feet, the warm liquid splashing against her toes. When Jesse opened her eyes, she found a panting, flushed Emily on the screen. “Glad you liked the show. I’ll tell you about what I’ve found when I get back.” she blew a kiss, and ended the call, letting Polaris swallow up her phone once again. Shaking her feet, Jesse giggled as she continued back towards the Central Executive area.

Aside from a few scant encounters with the Hiss, and Jesse finding research papers, reports, and other media scattered around that gave the reluctant Director more info on what the Bureau held, her trip back was relatively uneventful. She did gather resources from her slain foes to forge new spares.

Soon, she made it back. Nodding to the staff assembled there, she approached the center of the room. The area she had cleansed there, a sort of safe zone against the Hiss that protected the area and all who were in the zone, also allowed her to meld the materials, both physical and metaphysical, into upgrades for the Service Weapon, items, and upgrades. Concentrating, she forged a few spares. After powdering herself, she taped up the first spare, then handed the rest back to Polaris to keep safe. Making sure her diaper was on snugly, and smiling at the familiar crinkling, she made her way up the stairs to the board room turned mission control.

Emily smiled when Jesse entered, and took a seat. “So, um, found a spare?” she asked. Jesse replied she made it. “Oh, that’s interesting.” she said. “So, good, you found the Hotline, that should prove useful, and if what you’ve told me is true, you can speak to former Director Trench. Probably has to do with the bullet from the Service Weapon still lodged in him.” she cleared her throat. “Well, good news. We were able to establish limited contact with one of the security teams, led by one Simon Arish. They’re down in in Maintenance.” she updated Jesse’s map. “And, um, thanks for the….uh, you know.” The scientist’s face was aflame, as she rubbed her thighs together.

Jesse chuckled, the woman before her had an energy about her that Jesse liked. “Anytime, consider it a bonus.” she winked. “Well, I’ll be back soon, hold down the fort.” she turned and left, swaying her diapered hips a bit, heading back towards the service elevator, humming softly. It dinged as it closed its doors, and she was off to Maintenance.

She exited the elevator into a small hallway connected to a hub room. Signs reading Central Maintenance, Janitor’s Office, and the like helped those who came down here find their way around. She smacked her lips, “Maybe Ahti’s seen that Arish guy?” she mused, following the signs, her diaper crinkling.

After about ten or so minutes of walking around Maintenance, and following signs, she eventually found a door labelled Janitor. Taking a deep breath, she pushed through the door, and found the mysterious janitor rinsing out his mop, headphones in his ears. She cleared her throat, loudly.

Ahti looked up, removing his buds. “Ah, there you are, pieni avustaja.” he straightened up, wiping his hands on an old, oily cloth. “You are looking for security team, yes?” Jesse nodded her head. “Knew it. Oh, while you go, could you be a dear and do something for old Ahti?” he handed her a request to deal with some mold, then pointed her in the direction of where she’d need to go.

Jesse smiled, “Thanks Ahti.” she hummed, and made her way through the back door to where this strange mold, and Central Maintenance, were located. One was in fact on the way to the other. Eventually, she came across a large circular room. As she made her way forward, she heard a modulated voice yell, “We got a breach!” and the sound of gunfire. Rushing over, she found several guards, lacking the distinct crimson haze of the Hiss controlled ones. Opposing them were...creatures. They were gaunt, floated, and had khaki color skin, and they reeked even worse than Jesse’s worst chili and nacho cheese filled diaper. Raising the Service Weapon, Jesse fired off shots at two of the advancing creatures, which distracted them long enough for the grunts to finish them off.

“Nice shot.” A female voice rang out. Jesse turned to find a woman in her mid-to-late fifties, judging by her dark grey hair and the slight wrinkles lining her face. “You the new Director, Faden right?”Jesse nodded. The woman strode over. She wore a harness like Emily and the others wore, atop similar security armor to the guards, and atop both she wore a, in Jesse’s mind, rather badass dark grey long coat with a fur collar. “I’m Marshall, I’m head of Operations here at the Bureau.” she reloaded her pistol. “You're looking for Arish, he’s in there.” she jerked her thumb towards a small sort of control room.

“Thanks.” The padded woman saluted, and raced off. She clambered up the stairs, and found herself face to face with a man in slightly battered security uniform, and wearing a similar harness to Emily, Marshall, and other members of the staff she’d seen. “Simon Arish?” she asked.

“That’s me.” He gave her an easy smile, as he reloaded his rifle. “You’re Director Faden right?

Again Jesse nodded. “Nice to meet you. So, from what we’ve found, some of the areas around the Bureau, and communications within them therein, were sealed off by Tommasi, he is, or given everything that’s been going on, likely was, head of Communications.” He leaned back against the console.

“So, what, I find him, take him down if needed, and then I can get through more of the Bureau?” Jesse asked, stretching. Simon nodded, and marked down the way to Communications on her map, wishing her luck.

Thanking him, the diapered Director ran towards where Simon had indicated. Just her luck, the mold that Ahti had asked if she could get rid of was on the way. After some fighting through some more of the strange Hiss Creatures, she found the Mold Ahti had been speaking of. Suffice it to say, it was gross, and Jesse would be definitely showering once she got back to Emily. Maybe they could shower together, now that was a thought.

Her bare feet were chilled by the cold steel of the walkways. She made her way through some red double doors, passing through eerily empty hallways. Eventually, she found herself, after a few small clashes with Hiss controlled guards, faced to face with a sign marked Communications in big bold letters, above a set of doors. Taking a deep breath, and readying the Service Weapon, she slowly pushed the door open. What she found inside was something akin to those hovering bastards that had attacked the security force when she first arrived at this level of the Old House. The only differences were Tommasi was slightly larger, and whereas his fellow Hiss smelled like ozone and body spray, Tommasi smelled like one of Jesse’s diapers after all you can eat Chili Taco Friday. It noticed her, and began its assault. Chunks of concrete rose into the air, and began hurtling themselves at Jesse.

The nude Director dove behind an overturned table, panting. She peeked out, and fired several rounds at Tommasi. He howled in pain as the crystalline bullets tore through his mutated flesh, but kept at it, launching more and more debris at Jesse, who bobbed and weaved between the makeshift cover she could find, firing shot after shot into the floating pest.

Eventually, after almost ten minutes of a back and forth exchange, Jesse, managing to only get hit by thankfully blunt objects thrown by the impact of Tommasi’s blast, one final shot tore the former communications officer apart, leaving a smoking pile.. Panting, Jesse slowly stood up, dusting herself off. Once her breathing was under control, Jesse lowered the Service Weapon and cautiously made her way towards the heap that was once Communications Head Tommasi.

After finding he had been well and truly dusted, Jesse bent down, and picked up the small, reddish-orange keycard. “Well, I’m sure you’ll come in handy.” With that done with, she headed towards the door Tommasi had burst from.

After flipping a switch, she contacted Emily, “Emily, I managed to restore Communications.”

“Yeah, the signal just came online, thanks Jesse. While we aren’t back up to 100%, we have managed to get some functionality back online.”Emily smiled from her end, “Oh, good news, we found an Altered World Item by you. Who knows, maybe you may gain something from it?” She mused, marking it on Jesse’s map.

“And if need be, I’ll make sure to put on a show for you.” Jesse chuckled, ending the call. Stretching, she passed through some nearby doors. After unlocking another safe zone with the aid of Polaris, she soon found herself face to face with a hovering floppy disk.

“Well, here goes nothing.” Jesse muttered. She reached out, focused, and the world went white.

*008*2021-04-04 15:19

{{On 4/1/2021 at 8:24 PM, ascela said:

Great update! Can't wait to see what happens next.

}}

Thanks

