SANAM City; PrivSec, the corporate machine - Page 3

Author: Linkx

*010*2019-02-06 03:07

Oh, thanks PW. Missed your comment.

Just a disclaimer there's a male scene. Gf used one of her points from identifying a reference and requested it.

"I'll meet you at the car, just have to take care of something real quick. Seeing that package of garments by her door reminded her. She had to just suck it up... visit the doctor, apologize, and hope that she adjusted her continence ranking. Surely it had just been out of spite... the doctor had even told her that she showed exemplary continence...Before she'd lost her temper at her, anyway. Joshua shrugged "Sure, doesn't bother me." he commented, beckoning Lynd to come along. The younger girl frowned for a moment.

Nonchalantly she pressed her hand against the front of her skirt, checking her padded undergarment. "I'm...uh, thinking I'm gonna change before we go." she said with a hint of embarrassment shading her cheeks. "Suit yourself, I'll be outside." he said, shrugging and shaking his head as he walked off. Emelie had already disappeared into the labyrinthine hallways of the corporate structure. Looking up the location of the doctor's office through her implants, she quickened her pace. The sooner she spoke with the woman the sooner this nightmare would lessen. ~~(edited)

Fortunately, the doctor was in her office. Emelie hesitated, her hand hovering over the door; what if she said no? What if... she was stuck in those things... The door opened with a hiss before she had a chance to knock. The doctor immediately blanched upon seeing Emelie in the doorway. “W-wait, before you do anything rash, please let me explain!” Emelie sighed and stepped in. "I’m not here to cause trouble…" Her reassurance didn’t seem to assuage the mousy woman’s worries; through her facial recognition implant Emelie could see she was still very much intimidated by her presence.

"I... wanted to apologize." she began. The doctor blinked in surprise. "I was out of line when I... lost my temper." Emelie began. Surprise... confusion... compassion... the doctor's expression instantly softened when she began her sincere apology. "It's just been difficult accepting..." she hesitated again. "No, you don't need to say it." the doctor said with a remorseful frown. "I shouldn't have done what I did... I wasn't lying when I said you tested in the top percentile of all the women I evaluated." Guilt plastered her face. Clearly, altering Emelie's continence grade had not been an easy thing for the doctor.

"I'm sorry... I'll change it to what it should be, and I'll send a note to your quartermaster about the mistaken grade. You'll be able to requisition the appropriate garments moving forward." she said with a hint of a smile. Emelie smiled back; fortunately that had been much less painful than she anticipated! "I appreciate your candor, doctor." Emelie said after a few moments of awkward silence. She nodded emphatically. "We really shouldn't be at each others throats right now... not with this sort of thing hanging over us." she said with a frown. Emelie grunted in agreement, her stomach growling with hunger. ~~

“Is there anything else I can help you with?” the doctor said with a deep breath, happy to have resolved the situation amicably. “Nah, I’m fine.” Emelie replied, moving towards the door as the doctor dismissed her. “Well, if anything else comes up, please don’t hesitate. I know this is a stressful time, and we in the medical branch are doing all we can to help.” she offered before Emelie disappeared out the door. Finally, she could put this day behind her. Drake had scrambled after Taarna after turning the ultralux girl at the front desk. The slicer hid it well, but working so closely for so long had fostered a deep, almost tender relationship between the two. Though there was nothing official, the two might as well have been dating.

By the time he’d caught up with her she was already in the locker room. Still wearing her suit, she was holding her head in her hands and sniffling. “Hey… hey, it’s okay.” he said quietly as he rushed to her side. The water from the showers echoed from the other room as he sat next to her, putting his arm around her shoulder. Taarna perked up somewhat, resting her head on his shoulder and wiping her eyes. “It… it’s not okay. I had an accident… in front of everyone… on a mission!” she said with a quiet sniffle. He sighed and kissed her on the top of the head. “Well, you saw the commander… she did it too, and the chief of DR security too… she had an accident” he said, trying to figure out some way to comfort her. “I guess… but still, I don’t think I’ve ever been more humiliated in my life.” she continued. “I know it’s not easy, but it’s not a big deal Taarna, you’re not the only one out there suffering from these... issues.” he said trying to put it diplomatically. ~~(edited)

She huffed “It is a big deal Drake! I’m sitting here with a load of shit in my suit like I’m a toddler.” she said, raising her voice at him. “And how would YOU know?” she said indignantly. He flinched; what she was saying had some truth to it. A terrible idea flickered through his head, and he stood, grabbing her by the hands and pulling her up with him. Taarna recoiled at the soggy, sticky noise her pants made when she stood. “What are you doing?” she asked him, starting to sound annoyed with his attempts at comforting her.

“You just don’t get it...” she added. Drake shook his head and shushed her. Nothing happened. The two stood there looking at each other. Drake scrunched his face ever so slightly and balled his fists tightly. It took a moment for her to realize what he was doing. It struck her as she looked down and saw a small wet patch blossoming on the front of his suit. She covered her mouth and watched with morbid fascination. It was extremely difficult to go against years and years of potty training. “You… you’re...” she said, wide eyed. 

She couldn’t turn her eyes away as the glistening wet spot rapidly increased in size, quickly encompassing the whole front of his suit before trailing down his legs. He moaned softly with relief as hot urine flowed down his thighs. With his long hair, delicate features, and now sodden combat suit, he could have easily been mistaken for a woman. His bladder wasn’t the only release either. He let out a quiet grunt and gave one final push. A quiet crackle accompanied the hiss that was slowly losing its intensity. His eye twitched and after a moment he finally relaxed. “There, now you can’t say I don’t know what it’s like.” he teased. She wrinkled her nose as a new foul smell joined her own rank scent. “It… it’s not the same!” she said, punching him in the chest gently. “It’s not a big deal, see?” Drake said with a comforting smile as he spun around for her, showing off the noticeable bulge in the seat of his pants. ~~

Taarna went quiet and looked at her feet before throwing her arms around him, burying her face against his shoulder. He smiled and shook his head with a chuckle. “Come on, let’s get each other cleaned up.” Drake said, stroking her hair. “Noooo, I don’t want you to see me like this!” she said with a playful pout. “Too bad!” he said, picking her up with a squeal, carrying her towards the toilets. Joshua looked up as Emelie as she pulled open the door. “There you are, thought you got lost for a minute.” he teased.

Em rolled her eyes “I had to go to the other side of the campus. I was only ten minutes.” she said indignantly. “Fifteen, and I was just teasing you… you know you make it too easy right?” the scruffy man said with a chuckle. “Whatever, shave your goatee, you look like bum.” she retorted. Lynd started giggling from the backseat. Joshua laughed and shook his head, his ragged brown hair flowing with the movement of his head. “You’ve really got to work on your comebacks, Em.”

“Just go pick up some fast food. I’m famished.” she insisted. Lynd piped up from the backseat in agreement. “YES!” she exclaimed. “Normally I don’t condone eating in my car, but… I’ll let it slide this time.” he said as his car lurched into gear and sped from the parking lot. Joshua could scarcely believe just how much the two ended up ordering. His teasing words about fast food were ignored amidst the happy chomps as they devoured their meals. ~~

A message popped up on Emelie’s HUD, distracting her from the bounty of cheap, greasy food. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw the sender… Aria. She hesitated, the feeling of shame from that night flooding back into her mind. Em took another bite before opening the message. ‘My little Murtaziq, we should talk. I want to see you again~ Aria’… straight to the point. Aria was always like that… She shut her eyes for a moment leaning back into the seat. It was fortunate she did… in a split second she suddenly felt the inertia of sudden acceleration shoving her back into the seat. The exhaust snapped and spit fire as the deafening roar overwhelmed the cabin. “This little fucker.” Joshua shouted as Lynd let out a surprised yelp, splashing soda into her face as she was thrown backwards.

Emelie barely held onto her food and felt a dribble of warmth trickle from between her legs. “Joshua, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING!?” she yelled. “DO YOU WANT ME TO PISS MY PANTS!?” she continued angrily. Most of the traffic just disappeared behind them, but one car was barely managing to hang on. “You’re a big girl” he spat back, gripping the wheel tightly as the car continued to hurtle forward. 

“This bastard has been fucking egging me on ever since we got on the freeway!” The roguish man swerved around a car going much slower than they were. Slowly he was managing to pull ahead, the whine of the other car’s exhaust paling in comparison to the snarling roar coming from Joshua’s red four wheeled monster. Emelie held on for dear life, gripping the handle above the window with one hand and clinging to the center arm rest with the other. “SLOW THIS FUCKING CAR DOWN OR SO HELP ME GOD!” she shouted. Lynd, having wiped the soda from her face, was now giggling maniacally as they sped down the freeway. ~~

The other car had all but faded into the rearview mirror. Joshua’s middle finger flew out the window, waggling at the distant car. “Fine, you big baby.” he said, sharply letting off the throttle. A chorus of crackles and pops burbled from the exhaust overrun. A fireball popped noisily, and just as they crested the corner’s apex an SCPD officer sitting on the side of the road came into view. “Oh… fuck me.” Joshua muttered… as the lights immediately illuminated and the sirens pierced the air. The sound of screeching tires was barely audible through the roar of the engine.

“Are you… are you still going!? Pull the fuck over!” Emelie shouted at him angrily, still holding on for dear life. “Do you know how much a ticket would be at...” he paused to look down at the speedometer. “One hundred and fifty seven miles per hour...” he said. The color drained from Emelie’s face. She stammered for a moment. “WE’RE GOING ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY SEVEN MILES PER HOUR?!” she exclaimed in surprise. Joshua laughed “Yeah, fast isn’t it? That new tune is really something.” he said casually as the speedometer crept higher and higher. 

“I’m not fucking joking Joshua! This isn’t funny!” she shouted before he swerved around another car, narrowly missing the other motorist. Had she not been holding on tightly she would have been thrown against the window when he swerved around another vehicle. His car gave a slight wiggle, threatening to break traction before settling down. Joshua flicked a toggle switch on the dash randomizing the license plate, as if it mattered. Not letting off the throttle they continued to surge forward faster and faster. ~~

“If I was still SCPD I would arrest you myself!” she barked at him. “Em, calm down. It’s fine.” Joshua said calmly. Momentarily he removed his hand from the wheel and squeezed hers. She slapped his hand away “Put your hand back on the fucking wheel… and just so you know, I’m kicking your ass later.” Emelie spat. “Fair enough.” he chimed back. The original interceptor that had spotted them faded far into distance behind them, but the sound of sirens was slowly growing louder. “Um… Joshua?” Lynd piped up from the rear seats, craning her head to look out the rear window. “Yes Lynd?” he asked, as if everything was perfectly normal. “They brought an air unit… just thought you should know.” the young woman said nonchalantly.

Emelie folded her arms over her chest, relinquishing her deathgrip on the interior bits. She looked rather smug with the development. “Ready to give up?” she asked almost as if she was rooting for his capture. Joshua shook his head, shooting a fleeting smirk towards Emelie. “Lynd… you know how I said you shouldn’t slice anything for the wrong reasons anymore?” he said, having to raise his voice to be heard over the droning roar of the exhaust. She giggled and the swirling vortices of color in her irises began to pulsate faster as she got to work. “I already started~” she chimed in with a singsong voice.

“Pull the vehicle over or we will be forced to use countermeasures.” the police aircar blared through a loudspeaker as it flew overhead, keeping pace with Joshua’s driving. “and set them down gently!” he felt the need to remind Lynd. Emelie rolled her eyes at the situation. Her eyes widened as she looked ahead and saw a car in each lane that would impede their path. “Oh no… no no no. Joshua… Joshua!” she exclaimed as he showed no sign of slowing down. At the last second he veered into the shoulder. The passenger side mirror smashed into the car, shattering into bits of plastic and glass in a fraction of a second. ~~

The sudden impact coaxed a surprised yelp from Lynd, who had been previously enjoying the wild ride. The pullup under her skirt warmed considerably as she dribbled from the surprise. Emelie flinched, feeling another jet of pee soak into the seat of her pants. She realized she’d started holding her breath after the sudden impact; finally she took another adrenaline fueled breath. “How’s that slice coming Lynd?” he asked. Outrunning an interceptor was one thing, but an aircar was another matter altogether. “It’s coming… it’d go faster if you stopped hitting things!” she exclaimed. “I only hit one thing!” Joshua said indignantly. “Children!” Emelie interjected. “Slow down Joshua.” Emelie said after scolding them both.

“Em, we’re in too deep. I already told you I...” he began before she cut him off. “No you dolt. I need you to get off the freeway. In...” she paused, checking the map of the surrounding area in her implant. “Four exits… try to keep us in one piece until then.” she said sardonically. Joshua pursed his lips but nodded. Lynd was otherwise preoccupied with the aircar’s security, a look of concentration blanketing her face. “Stupid cops updated their dumb security protocols. I’ve done this a million times before!”Lynd griped as Joshua shifted gears again, the exhaust spouting another fireball. “You’re a big girl, you can adapt.” Joshua shouted from the front seat. The blond haired girl let out a huff, blowing her bangs from her face before letting out a surprised “kyaaaaah!” as he swerved around another car, narrowly missing it and nearly throwing Lynd into the other seat. ~~

Emelie hissed, breathing in heavily after the near miss. “and watch out for that one… and the exit!” Emelie shouted. “Handling it dear.” Joshua said, sharply jerking the car back the other way. “annnd hold on.” he said suddenly. The two girls barely had time to react before he stabbed the brakes. The car pitched forward as he quickly scrubbed off speed for the offramp. Emelie nearly hit the dash and Lynd was thrown forward against Joshua’s seat. The tires squealed and smoke billowed as they shot around the offramp. The aircar’s engines thrummed noisily overhead as it overtook them, unable to stop as sharply and turn as deftly as Joshua’s low slung car.

Smoke billowed out from the rear tires as the tail slid out, pitching the whole car sideways. Emelie found herself holding her breath again, breathing once again when the car straightened itself out and they shot out of the exit. “Your chromashift paint still works right?” Emelie asked, giving Joshua a look. “Oh, yeah… I think so...” he said. The police overhead could be gaining back the ground they’d lost around the turn. “This is your LAST warning. Pull over or we will open fire.” a loudspeaker boomed from overhead. “Punch it you reckless fuck.” Emelie said with a smirk, pointing in front of them. “E block tunnel. Can’t follow us inside.” she noted. ~~

“I knew there was a reason we were friends.” Joshua quipped with a snicker as they made a mad dash towards the tunnel. “Get in the tunnel, shift the paint and turn around. Drive right back out past them.” she added. Joshua just nodded. Finally, Lynd piped up from the back. “Aha! I GOT IT! Take that!” she beamed with pride. Suddenly the noisy thrum of the aircar engines was slowly fading from earshot. “annnnd execute landing sequence. “Oh my gooooood that was such a chore. Trawling SCPD social media accounts to find a dispatcher to get the car ID that was chasing us, getting the roster list of who was piloting, stuffing passwords like crazy. You know, you two should really thank me.” she babbled on.

Behind them they could see the aircar slowly descending. “See Em? Not a big deal.” Joshua said in a cocksure tone. Emelie was most assuredly not amused, even if he was only half serious. “Let’s TRY to remember that we are supposed to be law abiding citizens.” Emelie chastised them both. “You know the speeding laws are fucking archaic here.” he said, flipping another toggle switch on the dash. The metallic red of the car flickered for a moment before slowly darkening. “That is not the point!” she said punching him in the arm after he turned the car around to leave the tunnel the way they entered. 

He winced from the punch in the arm. “I should kick your ass for pulling crap like this!” Emelie continued. As they exited the tunnel two SCPD motorcycles blasted past in the opposite direction. The tension in the car lifted and Emelie punched Joshua in the arm again. “For good measure.” she said. Joshua groaned in pain. “Point taken.” he hissed. “Just stop fucking punching me!” he said to which she responded simply “Then stop being such a bastard.” ~~

The adrenaline from the situation faded as a renewed calm seemed to settle in the car, now that they were no longer being chased by the police. She shifted in her seat, the clammy wet truth of her soggy situation was staring her in the face. Her butt was wet… quite wet… She looked down glumly at her lap; fortunately nothing showed on the front of her pants. Regardless, she’d just changed and when she got home she was going to need a shower. Emelie could still feel a vague need to relieve her bladder, but it wasn’t pressing… not after releasing a large amount into her pants and the upholstery underneath her.

Maybe it was finally time to relent… just for now… she couldn’t keep denying reality. What if her dwindling continence grew worse? These kinds of incidents could continue to get more severe. She stared out the window glumly at the thought of voluntarily wearing one of those brightly colored garments because she could barely keep herself dry anymore. She drifted back to Aria’s message, reading it once again. She wanted to write her back but she couldn’t stop thinking about what she’d done in the middle of Aria’s office. 

Emelie began composing a response, staring at the blinking cursor in her implant’s HUD. After a few minutes of nothing she dismissed the message; she’d write her back later. Now, she needed to look at options for… protection. That stupid euphemism. They called it something discrete and innocuous to spare her pride but then they made them in such girly colors and printed them with such childish designs. She browsed a few store fronts but all she saw… how could she bring herself to wear those. Emelie shook her head and shut her eyes; she could look later. ~~

A few minutes later she felt the car stopping. They had arrived home. “Well ladies, it’s been real. Oh, and Em, let me know when you can give me the money you promised.” he said. Emelie blinked and stared at him in confusion; it took her a moment to remember what he was talking about. “Oh, right… yeah, to cover your CBA. I’ll transfer the money tomorrow. Talent recruitment bonuses are usually paid out next day.” she said, opening the door. Lynd hopped out of the back seat after Emelie, waving to Joshua.

“Byyyye!” she chirped. He just chuckled and waved back. Emelie turned to look at Lynd as Joshua pulled away. “Don’t you have your own place?” Em asked. Lynd chuckled nervously. “Well, yes and no… mostly no” she began. The younger blonde’s answer did not inspire much confidence in Emelie, who just looked at her with a nonplussed expression. “Fine, just follow me.” she said plainly. Lynd nodded, following after Emelie. She took care not to say anything about the wet splotch on the seat of her suit pants. “I, uhhh...sliced my way into a wealthy couples apartment. It was up for sale and no one was living there. It was way overpriced anyway. Really, I was doing them a favor looking after it.” she said with a giggle. “Uh huh.” the agent responded; clearly she wasn’t buying it. “But now that I’m working at PrivSec I’ll find a new place closer!”

“See that you do. My hospitality only goes so far.” she said with a grunt, opening the door for them both. “I’m going to shower and take a nap. Do whatever… just don’t mess with my stuff.” Emelie said with a dismissive wave of her hand. She thought about asking Lynd for one of the pullups she had purchased this morning, but in the end decided against it. At home she should be fine. ~~

“Okidokes.” Lynd said with a shrug and went to plop herself down on the couch, flicking the TV on. Emelie left her to her own devices and trudged to the bathroom. A hot shower sounded glorious; it had been a trying day. Tossing off various articles of clothing as she walked towards the bathroom, she wrinkled her nose. The sharp smell of urine stung her nostrils. She groaned and disappeared into the steaming water for the next hour. When she finally emerged she paused, considering getting a bite to eat. She could hear the quiet din coming from the TV. Instead, Emelie continued to her bedroom, plopping herself down on the bed and falling asleep in a matter of minutes.

An hour? Two? She wasn’t sure how long it’d been when a gentle knock roused her from her sleep. “Um, Em? Someone’s here to see you.” Lynd’s voice came from the doorway. “She uh… let herself in.” An incomprehensible stream of grumbles came from the drowsy woman. She pushed herself up at a glacial pace, finally talking so Lynd could understand her. “I’ll be there in a minute.” she dismissed the girl. Emelie rubbed her face with her hands, trying to wake herself up, not even thinking about who could have let herself into her apartment. 

When she finally emerged from her bedroom she was wearing a baggy pair of pants and a top that revealed a bit of her stomach. Maybe Aria had come to pay her a visit? She yawned, turning the corner into her living room. Lynd looked up and pointed towards the kitchen. “The scary woman is in there.” she said. Emelie blinked, scratching her head. “Scary woman?” she mused. On cue the same silvery haired woman popped her head up from rummaging through Emelie’s fridge. ~~

“How do you not have any Cadre cola?” she asked, throwing the door shut. “I don’t remember inviting you in.” Emelie said blankly. “You didn’t.” the silver haired woman said dismissively, as if she had the authority to go where she pleased whenever she pleased. “This isn’t a social call Blackstar.” she said, wasting no time getting down to business. The tight multi-toned leather uniform of the wraith squeaked ever so slightly as she walked around the counter to stand face to face with Emelie. Emelie grumbled under her breath. “I just finished a priority B mission, can’t this wait?” she said with another yawn. “Put on your big girl panties, I’ve got a potential lead, unless I was wrong in inviting you and you’re just like the other pants wetters.” she needled the proud woman with a smirk, tossing her silvery hair from her face.

*014*2019-04-05 18:56

Not dead and still going!

Emelie twitched with irritation. She wanted to tell this damn woman off, but even she wasn’t about to mess with a Wraith… that wouldn’t stop her from antagonizing her though. “Oh fuck off. Forgive me if I don’t appreciate people slicing the lock on my apartment and barging in.” she seethed. The silver haired woman shrugged; it was apparent she hardly cared. “It’s somewhere in your contract as a field operative for PrivSec. I can… conscript...any lesser ranking agent.” she said dismissively.

“I don’t think that counts for off the books operations not sanctioned by PrivSec.” Emelie countered, wandering over to her liquor cabinet. At those words Lynd looked up from whatever mindless drivel she was watching on TV. An off the books mission, that would get anyone’s attention. The Wraith caught her glance and narrowed her eyes causing the smaller woman to shrink down into Emelie’s couch.

Her eyes glowed faintly for a moment, as she identified the smaller woman. “Lynd Revest… just started today, hmm? I would suggest you pay attention to your little show.” she said, a hint of warning in her voice. She turned back around to face the tv and swallowed noisily. “Anyway, as I was saying...I have a lead, and I know you want to figure out what the fuck is going on as much as I do.” she enticed Emelie.

The raven haired woman stared back at her. “Well, what’s the lead?” she asked. The Wraith shook her head and wagged her finger at Em. “First, I need to know that you’re going to commit to this and not fuck me over.” she said coldly. You didn’t get to be a Wraith without a healthy dose of cautiousness. “You follow my lead, you do well? I’ll let you know more. I’ll start to fill you in. Just need to know you’re the kind of woman I can count on.” the Wraith said, watching Emelie as she stared back.

A tense few moments of silence before Emelie finally acquiesced. “Against my better judgment I’ll do it, but I swear if you barge into my apartment again like this I’m going to kick your ass.” Emelie growled, laying down some ground rules. The silver haired woman looked unperturbed by the threat, but there was a sudden brief anomalous readout of the wraith’s emotions. A brief flicker, had it said fear? She straightened her posture, glancing down, suddenly looking somewhat irritated for a brief moment before returning to her normal intimidating demeanor grateful the damp gusset of her panties wouldn’t soak through her form hugging suit.

"Are you at least going to tell me your name?" Emelie asked with an irritated tone. "I mean... I'll settle for bitch that broke into my apartment but that's a bit of a mouthful." she said in a scathing tone. The wraith just stared back at her and shook her head. "Nyx is fine, better off you don't know who I am." she commented dismissively. "and you can be..." she paused, waving her hand in a circle as if she was thinking. "Nemesis? No... Eris. Yeah, you're definitely Eris." she said.

Emelie stared at her blankly. "Eris?" she asked. "Code names... Old Greek Mythology from before the end." The Wraith explained. "You should read a book some time.." she chided the darker haired woman. Em clenched her jaw with irritation, glowering at the woman. Nyx cocked her head to the side, staring intently at Emelie. “Anyway, get dressed and be quick about it. I’ll be waiting in the hall.” she said, turning on her heel and waving Emelie’s door open with her hand.

She scowled, but on the inside was brimming with excitement. Hurrying back to her room past the confused looking Lynd she moved to her closet. This was a chance to work with a Wraith the true elite of PrivSec and for that matter… all of Sanam city. Clothes… she stared blankly into her closet rifling through the various outfits. From the hangars she grabbed a pair of form hugging leather pants and a jacket to go with it. Yanking off the sweatpants, she paused.

Rummaging through her underwear drawer brought butterflies to her stomach. Each flimsy, silken pair of cloth, once her only choice for undergarments, now left her with a vague unease. She swallowed nervously. What if she did *that*… in front of the Wraith? Emelie chewed on her lip, finding herself wishing for some form of protection. “No…I’ll be fine…” she said quietly, as if she could convince herself it was the truth. A somewhat risque pair of panties slipped from her hand as she shut the drawer.

Choking down her pride, she tugged up the sweatpants. With a fiery blush burning in her cheeks, she sheepishly returned to her living room. Lynd was as distracted as ever, sitting cross-legged on the couch. Emelie cleared her throat. It was a struggle to find her voice. “Lynd…” she began quietly. The younger girl blinked in surprise, turning to face Em. “Uhh, yeah?” she asked, glancing away from the TV for a moment before turning her attention back to the show. “I was wondering… if I could… borrow...one of your…protective undergarments…” she said. With each word her voice softened. Without her augmented hearing Lynd might not even have heard that she was asking for one of her pullups.

That got her attention. Lynd waved her hand and muted the TV. Breaking out into a fit of giggles, it took her a moment to compose herself. There was a certain satisfaction she felt about seeing Emelie come ask her for one of her pullups. With a haughty grin, she pointed towards the corner of the room. “Sure, they’re over there.” she commented. Emelie hurried towards the package, quickly yanking one out and dashing back to her room before Lynd could get another word in.

Unfolding the garment in her hands, she stared at herself in the mirror. The cutesy print adorning the garment added insult to injury. Kicking off her sweatpants, she sighed. Here she was, after going off on her squad about these damned things. Here she was about to wear one. Trading away her maturity for protection, she donned the garment. It wouldn’t be the first time; she vividly recalled the night Aria had forced her to wear one. This, however, would be the first time of her own volition.

Stepping through the leg holes, she tried to pretend it was just another pair of panties. The thin padding that encased her hips wouldn’t let her forget so easily.

Emerging from her apartment, she saw Nyx waiting for her as promised. The woman glanced at her, giving a scan of her outfit. “Let’s go.” she said curtly. The pair made their way out of the apartment building, Nyx leading the way. "We'll take my car, yours should be finished tomorrow." she commented nonchalantly. Emelie gave her a sidelong glance. The amount of information the Wraith had access too was a bit unsettling. Em knew about the vast PrivSec databases. Much of the information shared between the corporations was gathered by employers. As a PrivSec employee she had greater access than most, but in the past it was she who had leveraged it against targets. She wasn't comfortable being on the receiving end of such a watchful eye.

Nyx's car caused Emelie to stare for a moment. She didn't particular care about cars but she had to admit it was a very impressive looking piece of machinery. Black, low to the ground, sleek, angular but curved... it was hard to even describe. If Joshua could see it... he'd freak out. It made his brutish sports car look absolutely antiquated.The doors opened, a pale red light bathing the interior of the car. Even though she knew it was for optimal for low light situations, she couldn't help but think it made the vehicle look utterly sinister; she loved it.

"We don't have all night... we'll, you don't have all night." Nyx said as she lowered herself into the car. "Right, ahh sorry." Emelie mumbled, quickly entering. The slight bulk of the pullup underneath her pants brought a blush to her cheeks, she tried to ignore it. It was just another piece of equipment... The door slid shut on its own and she was treated to the advanced interior. Her blacked out armored sedan wasn't a cheap beater but this made it feel like one."What even is this?" she asked, running her fingers along a carbon fiber panel. "A corsair, issued to all Wraiths." she responded as if it were just another car when it was so clearly much more.

It even sounded different. the engine made a quiet almost alien hum on top of the sonorous exhaust note. Much more refined that Joshua's monstrosity... probably every bit as fast too. That thought was answered shortly as they rocketed out of the parking lot into the sparsely populated evening streets. The engine let out a banshee howl echoing off the buildings as she drove. Emelie paled, tightening her grasp around the door handle before the car settled into a reasonable speed and Nyx let the angular steering wheel fold away.

"Okay, a couple of days ago I was recovering trash for PharmaTek." she began. Emelie blinked "Uhh, recovering trash?" she interjected. Nyx shot her an unamused look for being interrupted. "Hardware slated for disposal, trash." she said with a hint of irritation. Most of her irritation stemmed from being sent on such a menial task rather than with Emelie herself. "I was as surprised as you are. It's what made me suspicious. A standard team could have recovered the truck with ease. Some low level gang took it, I don't even think they knew what they had taken or what they could even do with it." she continued. "When I came across them they hadn't even managed to open the truck yet." she explained.

Emelie pursed her lip. "So you think it's something to do with..." she let the question hang. Nyx nodded "PharmaTek manufactures the Serum series line of anti-rejection drugs. What could be in there that's so important they would contract Wraith level services to retrieve a truck full of trash? Something they can't risk getting out into the public." Nyx hypothesized. "So I sliced the locks and blamed it on the gang. The truck is sitting in a staging area waiting for a PrivSec escort to the disposal area."

"Uhg..." the Wraith paused to rub her stomach. "I'm so fucking hungry again." she said. It was apparent she had quite the temper. Though... that was evident earlier when she'd been tearing apart the doctor's office. "This has just been miserable lately." she griped, letting down her professional shell for a moment to complain about personal matters. "Yeah... I could eat again." Emelie agreed reluctantly.

A quick stop made for Emelie's second helping of greasy fast food for the day. It was so bad but oh so good. The stare from the drive through teller greatly amused her though. Soon after gorging themselves on cheap food they were back on track headed to... well Emelie had no idea but Nyx knew. The Wraith wiped her mouth with a napkin, waving her hand again. The dashboard illuminated projecting schematics and blueprints into the air. "This is the layout of the staging area... are you paying attention? Pay attention." she said, catching Emelie staring out the window up at the faint glow of the aurora centralis. "Oh... right, yeah." Em quickly corrected herself.

"Guards are regularly stationed here, here, here and here." she began, speaking quickly. "They traverse the perimeter every ten minutes. When I was dropping off the truck I stole a badge that will let us infiltrate here." she said, gesturing and pointing with each new piece of information. Emelie could barely keep up. "You'll have to keep the door open for me otherwise exfil will be... difficult." she continued. "Wait... you're using me as a doorstop?" she asked, pursing her lips. Nyx gave her a nonplussed look at the question. "The badge I took will open the door but once the request goes through their SIEM system it'll likely trip an alert and a guard will go investigate and the badge number will get locked. So yes, I'm using you as a doorstop. A door stop that has to incapacitate any guards that try to shut the door." she said sharply.

Her team had complained on more than one occasion that Emelie liked to stress the details but this was another level. The minutia in which Nyx covered the building and plan was staggering. She even listed off which windows were borosilicate reinforced compared to which were standard soda lime glass. It was almost too much to take in. Emelie just nodded every so often as she covered her plan, doing her best to pay attention. It was a simple plan, guard the door. Nyx sneaks in, visits the truck, figures out what they were hiding comes back out... simple. She didn't interrupt, not wanting to upset the Wraith.

"Got it Eris?" she asked. Emelie stared at her for a moment before nodding. "Yeah, should be simple." she responded, running her hand through her hair. Nyx didn't seem convinced... Fortunately she didn't press her for the details she'd given her. "Good." she responded professionally. Waving her hand the projection disappeared and Emelie found herself with incoming files. Accepting the transmission the blueprints they had just been covering along with various notes. Emelie rolled her eyes, if this was what being a Wraith meant she was glad she never pursued it. Basically becoming a slave beholden to the company; no thanks... though the car was pretty nice... All of the perks didn't stop Nyx from dirtying her pants just like Emelie though.

After the briefing, the two sat in an awkward silence. With the car driving itself, Nyx leaned the seat back and shut her eyes. Emelie glanced at her, staring for a moment. Wraiths were spoken about in hushed tones. Some Privsec employees didn’t even believe they existed, yet here she was sitting next to her. Emelie opened her mouth, ready to make small talk. Everything that came to mind, however… she decided to shut up.

Apparently Nyx had seen her staring, and cracked open one of her eyes. “Can I help you with something?” she asked plainly before shutting her eye again. “No… well… I was just wondering how long you’ve been a Wraith for. What kind of implants do you have? Is it true that you have a kill-switch?” she found herself asking, the questions flooding out. There were more she could have asked, but she quickly shut up after that.

Nyx chuckled; it was a low, almost synthetic laugh.”Technically, those first two are classified. Well, I say classified, but it’s not like I even know the first one. They wipe your memory before you become a wraith; no lingering attachments, you know?’ Emelie’s jaw dropped; she’d heard rumors, but...Nyx continued, unperturbed. “Let’s just say...a while...and as for my augs? Better than yours… much better than yours.” she said with a hint of amusement. “As for the kill-switch? No, don’t be stupid.” she admonished. “There are other safeguards in place.” she said dismissively. “Again, classified, and to be honest? They don’t tell us either.” she said with a wry grin, “Probably a good idea, or we’d try to get around it. They say every Wraith has a different safeguard, but I have no idea.” she shrugged.

“I answered your questions, now-” Nyx began with a hint of snark to her voice.“Sort of…”, Emelie mused. “As I was saying...How long have you been with the company?” Nyx asked. It was obvious that wasn’t her real question. She had access to that information in the PrivSec records at a whim. Emelie was smart enough to infer what she was really asking. “A few years.” she began. Glancing out the deeply tinted window, another one of those wretched, glaring advertisements caught her eye. She shifted in her seat, once again reminded of what she was wearing.

“I was PD before.” Emelie continued. Nyx nodded “I know.” she commented. The Wraith’s eyes began to flicker and glow. An image was being projected from her ocular implants, floating in front of her face. Emelie paused, distracted…she was lingerie shopping! Bralettes and negligees flashed on the screen as she scrolled through the digital storefront. “Uh, well yeah… like I was saying. I was PD before but it just wasn’t for me. Call it greed or whatever.” Emelie continued. “So you left for the money?” Nyx asked, glancing away from browsing for a moment. “Mostly, yeah… and don’t laugh, but I thought I could make a bigger difference taking bigger jobs.” she admitted, slightly embarrassed by her younger self’s naivete.

“No no, I get it. It’s bullshit, but I get it.” Nyx teased. “I like to think we make the city a better place.” Emelie said. It earned a shrug from the Wraith. “How noble of you. I guess it makes sense, what with your parents and all.” Nyx commented. Emelie’s expression darkened at the mention of her past. “Yeah, well, at least I know who they were; that memory wipe you wraiths get sure must bite, huh?” she spat back. Emelie thought she saw Nyx’s eyes widen for a fraction of a second and immediately regretted her outburst. But it was only for a second. She wasn’t even sure it had happened; suddenly Nyx was chuckling and putting her hands up in mock surrender.

“Yeah, it sures does.” she conceded, sounding almost wistful. The silence that set in afterwards was painful; Emelie desperately groped for a change in subject. Nothing came, and the silence seemed to draw on longer and longer. Emelie contented herself with watching the city pass by through the window. Eventually sleep found her and she lazily dozed off to the alien hum of the car’s grav-engine.

An hour later maybe, she felt a gentle shake on her shoulder. She wasn’t quite sure how long it’d been. Her HUD read midnight; what time had she fallen asleep? It didn’t matter, they had a job to do and were slowly approaching the location. “Wake up, we’ve arrived.” Nyx’s voice roused her. She rubbed her eyes letting out a tired grumble. “I’m up I’m up.” The mirthful tone that had suffused the silver haired woman’s voice earlier was gone. In fact, there wasn’t *any* tone at all...

“Is this what Wraiths are like on missions?”

She thought back to the rumors she had heard in her first weeks and months at PriveSec; about the hypnosis and neuro-implanted autosuggestion that Wraiths supposedly used to better sync with their implants.

“Does she even recognize me right now, or am I just assigned as her “squadmate?”

The thought was more than a little unsettling.

As expected, the warehouse was quiet. Nestled in the heart of the 3rd industrial zone, it looked just like every other building in the vicinity. Emelie knew though, that what was contained within could potentially blow this case wide open! At least... that's what she hoped. The car slowly passed by the front of the warehouse. Inside the cockpit of the car the windshield and side windows were identifying guards, pinging on the screen giving a readout of who they were, what weapon they were holding, and baseline threat assessment. Emelie was floored as it picked out guards she hadn't even seen with her enhanced sight. "Focus.” Nyx chided as she saw her gawking. Emelie just nodded, noting what she could as they rounded the corner.

"Leave that." Nyx began, gesturing at the large sidearm strapped to Em's hip. "Unsilenced. Unacceptable for this mission." Nyx continued as both doors silently opened, allowing them to disembark. Reluctantly, Emelie left her trusty hand cannon in the car; stuffing it underneath the seat.The doors shut in unison behind each woman, and with a quiet, metallic whir the roof of the car began to part. A faint woosh of moving air and each panel seemed to launch from the roof! Two drones shot off into the night sky. "Can I have the feed?" Emelie asked. Nyx shook her head. "Negative." she said, opening the trunk. She retrieved a boxy looking handgun, racking the slide back with a not-quite-as- satisfying click of a polymer frame. Nyx flipped it around in her hand, holding the shroud as she handed it to Emelie. She held it tight as the raven haired woman tried to take it. "Only if necessary." she lectured. Emelie nodded in understanding and Nyx relinquished the gun.

It was surprisingly lightweight for how chunky it looked. The firearm synced with her implants effortlessly, the PrivSec icon flashing on her ocular HUD for a moment. "The Murmur?" she asked, seeing the name of the gun in her hud. Taking a shooting stance she tested the sights. "Subsonic rounds, integrated baffling, gas compression venting " Nyx explained flatly, grabbing one for herself.

Nyx checked her own firearm, yanking back the slide and letting it snap shut. “Ready?” the Wraith asked. Emelie nodded, clenching the gun tightly. “Yeah, I got it. In, out, simple. I’m just the doorstop.” Emelie said wryly. Nyx stared back at her, emotionless. It was an eerie thing when the expression analyzer registered nothing… “Copy that.” she said before moving quickly towards the building. The way she moved looked effortless, and she hardly made a sound. Emelie was good, but… she felt like each step was a thunder crash compared to the silent gait of the Wraith. Maybe she should have taken those inertial compensators…

They reached the side of the building in a flash. Emelie hadn’t noticed it at first, but as they approached the street lights around them all darkened. In fact, it wasn’t just the street lights in their vicinity; darkness had set in up and down the entire block. It wasn’t just a coincidence...

Just like the blueprints had shown, they followed the edge of the building until it cut into an alleyway. Nyx held her hand out for a precise amount of time before continuing. They made it to the door, already Nyx had the pilfered id badge in hand. Before Emelie could blink the door was open and she had disappeared into the confines of the warehouse. Emelie ducked into the doorway, stopping just as she was inside and just as she was told wedged her boot into the door so it wouldn’t shut. “No movement.” Nyx’s almost robotic voice echoed through her implant. The surprise of suddenly hear her voice loosened her hold over her bladder and she could feel a few errant drops of urine dampen her pullup. She hadn’t even shared coms with her but… she should have expected it.

“Copy.” she responded back simply. Now for the boring part, playing doorstop. Even as boring as such a simple job was there was still an element of excitement to it. Working with a Wraith! Just the way she moved, knew every single detail of the battlefield, seemed to calculate for everything; it was extremely impressive. On guard duty, Emelie flicked through the variety of sight modes available to her. She kept her cochlear implants on maximum amplification, listening for the slightest hint of a guard approaching the door.

Meanwhile in her apartment, a curious Lynd watched everything. She had even made herself a nice bowl of popcorn to devour during the show. As Emelie’s team watcher she had access to tap into her augments, access to her vitals and all sorts of other information. “Boooring” she grumbled, contemplating going to sleep. “Come on Em, do something exciting.” she told the TV through which she was viewing Emelie’s sight. Curiosity of what Emelie was up to kept her glued to the feed.

The seconds passed, quickly blurring into minutes. It wasn’t that far? Damnit, how long did Nyx say it was going to take her again? Emelie chided herself for forgetting. She was a Wraith, she could handle herself. So far… nothing, not a peep. Maybe she’d just been overly cautious about tripping the SIEM. All that precaution and planning and not even a peep from the guards, probably just lazy contracted low rent security.

A message popped up in her hud; Aria… Emelie bit her lip, nothing was going on. She glanced around, peeking her head out the door into the alleyway. Silence… Greedily she opened the message, imagining she could smell Aria’s perfume. It sent a tingle racing down her spine. ‘I know, you’ve been busy. I’ve missed you at the club~ A’ the message read simply. Aria was never one to beg or mince words. She was direct, to the point; a quality that always seemed to make Em weak in the knees. What to write back though, this was always the difficult part. How not to seem so eager but not completely disinterested…

After thirty seconds of indecision she messaged her back. ‘Yeah, work, you know.’ silently cursing herself for writing something so boring. ‘Oh? You’re awake? I thought my Murtaziq needs her beauty rest.’ Aria teased. ‘I don’t always go to bed early!’ she immediately shot back, getting flustered by the teasing. ‘I’m just teasing dear. I know not everyone has the glamorous opportunity to party all night at their own club. You should come by tomorrow if you’re not too busy~’ Aria continued. ‘I know you’re embarrassed about what happened, but you shouldn’t let that come between us.’ the woman wrote.

Emelie blushed, hazy drunken visions of that night she’d made a fool of herself flashing back in her mind. Uhg, she’d made such a mess of her pants and right when things were getting hot. She groaned quietly at the memory, pausing before she wrote back. ‘I know, I’m sorry. I’d rather not talk about that, but I think I’ll be free tomorrow. Probably just doing paperwork in the office.’ she wrote back, finally finding the confidence to see Aria again. ‘Oh good good, just in case you lose your nerve~’ she wrote back. A picture loaded a second later with a gratuitous shot of Aria’s cleavage between her suggestively unbuttoned pinstriped blazer. Emelie felt the heat rising to her cheeks as she stared at the picture. Another dampness began to leak into her padding at the sight. ‘Oh fuck yes’ she wrote back without a second thought. ‘Do you want to see more?’ a simple question was posed to her next.

‘Yes…’ Emelie sent, squirming her thighs together in anticipation. ‘Promise me you’ll come by tomorrow~’ Aria laid out her demand. Emelie couldn’t respond quickly enough. ‘I promise I promise!’ she wrote, her breathing heavy with lust. Another picture appeared with the next button undone. God Aria was such a bitch for teasing her like this! Another picture and another button undone. Emelie bit her lip to stifle a moan, barely resisting the urge to grind her hand against her womanhood. The penultimate picture appeared, her blazer hanging completely open, but her shirt still covering her chest for the most part. A final picture came through. It made Emelie light-headed just looking at it. The way her shirt hung open exposing her voluptuous chest and smooth, toned stomach; it was maddening.

“Oh fuck…” she whispered under her breath, allowing her hand to graze her womanhood. Electric ripples traced through her body from the touch. She didn’t even mind the pastel colored waistband that was sticking up above her pants just barely visible. Damn it… why did she have to come on this dumb mission when she could be fucking right now! ‘One more’ Emelie begged. Glancing around again greeted by silence she jammed her hand between her legs shutting her eyes. The next picture floored her, standing just wearing her unbuttoned shirt Aria stood nearly nude… except for the thick crinkly diaper around her hips and judging by the faint sag in the garment it was soaked. It wasn’t quite what Emelie had in mind but at this point… she didn’t care.

With her mind elsewhere she didn’t notice the Wraith returning from her objective. “What are you doing?” the voice sharply asked. The rude startle away from her erotic exchange with Aria elicited a gasp. She quickly removed her hand from between her legs as she jumped in surprise. A gasp wasn’t the only thing she let out unfortunately. Regretting having greasy fast food twice today, the hand that’d been mischievously placed between her legs shot to her bottom. A wet mush crackled and oozed into her pullup filling the crevice between her cheeks with a filthy paste. She groaned and clenched her muscles barely managing to stave off a full blown accident. The damage was done however and between her legs felt significantly warmer and wetter. “Oh fuck…” she hissed, squeezing her thighs together. Emelie was still peeing, she could feel the hot rush from between her lips soaking into the pullup she’d thankfully thought to wear.

“This is not the time nor place. I could hear you breathing from around the corner.” she hissed. “I… I’m fine I... “ she said though labored breath, the stream of urine tapering off. Forced to recover her composure, still in an aroused daze she pushed the door open… straight into one of the security guards. “Wait!” Nyx had hissed at her only a moment’s too late. “Hey! Freeze!” he barked. Obviously he’d come to investigate the door. He scrambled to raise his rifle but Emelie was already grabbing it. She yanked it from his hands and still holding it by the barrel, bashed him over the head with the stock.

He wavered on his feet before slumping to the ground. Emelie panted heavily, the sudden surge of adrenaline coaxing another few dribbles of urine from her. “Move.” Nyx stated as she walked past her. Emelie watched, she could see a darkened wet stain that ran down one of her legs past the knee. The Wraith had wet herself at some point, they’d both done it… Emelie even doing a little worse. She hesitantly probed the seat of her pants with her fingers. At least it wasn’t obvious… nor had it leaked.

Nyx placed her thumb and pointer finger over his eyes. There was a pulse, sparks, his body twitched for a moment. “Eris, exfil.” she said in that almost robotic monotone. “What did you d…” Emelie began to ask before Nyx cut her off. “He’s fine.” she said, moving quickly along the wall they had entered past. “Did you find anything?” Emelie asked unable to help herself. Even through her emotionless state Em could have swore Nyx was starting to grow annoyed. “Debrief in the car.” she responded curtly.

Emelie nodded following after the Wraith. It was a short dash back to the car. As the doors opened for them the two drones Nyx had released earlier swooped out of the night sky once again becoming part of the car. With a wet squish Emelie sat down, wincing at the sticky feeling of her own effluence smeared against her bottom. The smell became immediately noticeable as they shut the doors and sped off. Emelie looked around for a moment, trying to find a window switch; she couldn’t… “Could you um… crack the window.” she asked, cheeks hot with embarrassment. Both windows automatically cracked open no sooner after she asked.

“Thanks… so… what did you find?” she asked. Nyx held a finger out at her, she needed a moment. She took a deep breath, her eyes fluttered for a moment before turning to stare at Emelie. The Wraith stared her down for an uncomfortable length of time before finally speaking. “If I tell you what I saw, you’re tied to this, tied to me.” she said ominously. “No more careless behavior like that.” she said with a faint growl. The pit of Emelie’s stomach felt heavy. She swallowed dryly “I’m in.” she said hesitantly. Nyx continued to stare her down, scanning her face for a few more uncomfortable seconds. “Okay…” she said, taking another deep breath.

“Serum four… a lot of it.” she said, furrowing her brow. “The manifest stated fifteen hundred liters of the stuff. Processed, palletized and ready for consumption. All slated for elimination. A hundred and fifty thousand vials and I don’t think this was the only shipment they were destroying.” she said with a frown. Emelie pursed her lips in thought. “They’re destroying it?” she asked. Nyx nodded. “Do you remember the three to four transition?” Nyx asked. “It was a while ago but yeah… oh you probably don’t remember. Three was available at a discount everywhere… for quite a while.” she mused, thinking back.

“They’re getting rid of their four stockpiles even though there might be an issue with five” Nyx postulated. “What if they’re deliberately poisoning us…” Emelie said. The thought instilled a sensation of ice running through her blood. She could see that Nyx was thinking the same thing. Emelie shuddered at the thought. “What would they have to gain by that....” Nyx said, dismissing the notion. “The Corps have always been good to us.” she continued. Emelie nodded “yeah… I guess you’re right… I don’t want to believe they’d do anything like that.” Emelie said with a hint of sadness.

“Did you get any other leads?” Em asked after a few moments of silence between the two women. “There was a signature on the manifest. I’m scouring the PrivSec database for the name now. Might take some time.” she said. “I’m going to shut my eyes for a while… I’m exhausted, gotta recharge.” Nyx said, slumping back in her chair. A small panel slid out of the center console and the silver haired woman rested her hand on the panel. Emelie watched, probably some sort of induction charging plate. “It’s set to head back to your apartment first.” she said, stifling a yawn.

Emelie was too wired to sleep. All she could think about was the conspiracy they had uncovered… if there even was a conspiracy, she had to remind herself many times. But… what if it was? She kept asking herself, what would the Corporate Council say if they found out PharmaTek was poisoning them? What if… what if… what if… She had so many questions, finding the truckload of Serum4 hadn’t exactly given her the answers either of the women sought and like all great mysteries it had only given her more questions.

It had been a taxing day and Nyx’s advanced car devoured the miles. Approaching Emelie’s apartment she glanced over at the woman who was now lightly snoring. She was still very much human but… more. The cutting edge of augment technology, and here she was snoring. The thought momentarily brought Emelie out of her paranoid delusions and brought a quiet chuckle to her lips. She shifted in her sleep, letting out a whimper. Apparently they still dreamt as well. They were back in her neighborhood now, only a few minutes away from Em’s apartment.

Nyx let out another whimper punctuated with a disgusting wet fart. Was she really going to… Emelie wrinkled her nose as the smell momentarily assaulted her nostrils. There was an unconscious grunt from the sleeping woman’s lips. She was really going to have a bowel movement while she was sleeping! Emelie stared in morbid curiosity. It made sense… if it was the Serum causing their issues someone like Nyx would be on a much more frequent regimen of the stuff.

There was another burst of gas from the woman’s bottom. Lying on her back as she was Emelie could see anything but she could hear it. That squelchy crackly noise of a hot mass being excreted into her clothing. At least Emelie hadn’t gotten that bad yet but… was it only a matter of time? Nyx tensed and another burbly fart rose through the mush being pushed into her pants before audily finishing with a solid sounding log with a noisy splortch.

Emelie was glad her apartment was starting to come into view as the cabin began to smell rather potent despite the cracked windows. Still Nyx slept, blissfully unaware of the waste she was now sitting in. A thin trickle of urine ran down the groin of her suit soaking into the seat under her.

When the doors opened she quickly disembarked. Nyx suddenly sat up with an audible squish, eyes wide with horrified realization. “Let me know when you find that person.” Emelie commented hurriedly as she shut the door behind her walking towards her apartment, breathing in the fresh air. Tugging at the pullup that was now plastered to her ass by her own mess she grimaced, desperately wanting nothing more than to shower and go to bed.

Mercifully, Lynd was asleep on the couch; sprawled out, the blanket threatening to fall off. Emelie snuck by, making a beeline towards her bathroom where she could undress and find herself once again under the hot rejuvenating waters of her shower. The mottled brown stain on the seat of her pullup made her chide herself. She could do better, she had to do better! At least she didn’t have a complete accident and could finish emptying herself on the toilet before stepping into the shower.

After her shower she left her clothes and soiled pullup in the bathroom; too tired to clean up. She barely even had the energy to dry herself off. Stumbling into her bedroom finally the day caught up to her and she collapsed face first on the bed falling asleep within a few seconds.

