Angelica and Lily - with tags!

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*000*2020-01-12 13:47

Hello, everyone!

I have decided to continue the saga of Angelica and Lily on a new posting, since I couldn't figure out how to add tags to the old one. The first four chapters can be found here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/54188-angelica-and-lily/

And now, here is chapter five! Please note, this is the first chapter that contains overtly sexual content.

Contains: masturbation (kind of), spanking (kind of)

Chapter 5: Amusement Park

“Wait, what? You don’t like roller coasters?”

Lily gaped at Angelica, her question hanging in the air. Her face was plastered with an “I-can’t-believe-you-just-said-that” stunned expression.

Angelica tried to let the question slip by unanswered and kept her eyes on the road. But when she looked back to Lily, she was still boring into her with that gaze, waiting for an answer. Angelica faced the road again, then back towards Lily, expecting her at any time to crack a smile and move on. When this didn’t happen, Angelica gave an awkward chuckle, trying to laugh it off. Lily didn't break.

“I mean, I just don't like the feeling you get on them. That can't be that weird—I’m sure there are a lot of people who don't like roller coasters.”

“Yeah, but if you don't like them, then why did you go along with this idea at all? I said we should go to Firefly Thrills because I thought we would both have fun. You should've told me you didn't want to go!”

Angelica didn’t know how to respond. Usually she went along with whatever Lily suggested, partly because Lily had the greater enthusiasm and partly because she also had the better ideas. One could only suggest “Let’s have a night where we stay at home and read” so many times before someone will start to wonder how it’s a two-person activity. The fact was, though, that she had grown accustomed to letting Lily plan things. There had been enough ideas that she hadn’t expected to like but wound up liking anyway for her to be content to leave things as they were. And for those things that she didn’t end up enjoying—their ill-fated trip to the haunted house came to mind—well, it usually took less emotional energy to endure it than to try to protest it.

In addition, the two of them hadn’t done anything big together in the time after Angelica’s issue at Brenda Davis’s party a month before. So when Lily had said they should go to an amusement park for her birthday, Angelica agreed without making a fuss. She had almost forgotten about how strange it would seem to anyone who was outside of her own brain for her to happily go along with something she disliked. Now that Lily was putting her on the spot about it, she realized she didn’t have much of a good explanation.

Readjusting her grip on the steering wheel and shuffling uncomfortably in her seat, Angelica cleared her throat and said, “Well, it’s for your birthday, and you suggested it, so, I, uh, I thought…you wanted…”

Lily pulled her legs up to her chest on the passenger seat and let her head lean over against the headrest, her face crestfallen. “Aw, Angie, I didn’t mean to make you come. I just thought it would be fun. I thought we’d both have fun! Did you think I didn’t care what you thought?”

Angelica gave Lily a quick conciliatory glance in between maintaining her attention on the road. She switched her blinker on and pulled off onto the exit for the park. “Oh, no! No, that’s not it. Okay. Listen. Sure, I don’t really like them, but, but, I also haven’t been on one for a long time…maybe I’ll like it more this time.” She gave a saccharine smile to Lily. When Lily’s expression didn’t lift, Angelica pressed further. “It’s like, so many times, you have great ideas, Lil. Even if I don’t think I’ll have fun, I usually do. So I agreed because you’re my best friend, and I know you’ll have fun, and if you have fun, then I probably will too. Okay?”

Lily’s smile returned and she straightened her head. “You mean it?” Angelica nodded at her, smiling genuinely. The usual pep returned to Lily’s voice and she faced forward again. “Thanks, Angie. That means a lot.”

Angelica pulled the car off the service road into the entrance to the park’s parking lot. A sign reading “FIREFLY THRILLS PARK” in bright, colorful letters arched over the entryway. Lily was almost squealing with delight—actually, she was squealing with delight—as they collected their parking pass from the automatic dispenser and made their way into the crowded lot, slowing down for hordes of visitors—families with small children like firecrackers of excitement, young couples draped romantically over each other, and the occasional day camp group, all wearing matching neon T-shirts. Once they found a parking spot, Angelica put up the sunshade and insisted that they both put on sunscreen before going inside. Lily gave a little pout but complied. After a hasty application, Angelica had to take half a minute to rub in all the places that Lily had missed, all while telling her good-naturedly to stop whining and sit still.

Once this ordeal was over, they both exited the car and stretched their legs, with Angelica using a hand to shield her eyes as they adjusted to the bright sun. As she squinted in the cloudless daylight, she tucked her brown hair behind her ears and wondered offhand if she had dressed too warmly, wearing a dark gray T-shirt, jeggings, and tennis shoes. The T-shirt she had picked because it was the only one she owned long enough to provide at least some cover to her bottom, with every curve visible in its current tight embrace by the jeggings.

The jeggings she had picked because they were the only clean thing she had that wasn’t a skirt. She almost never wore them, and felt slightly self-conscious wearing them now, usually preferring outfits that weren’t so…form-fitting. Lily, on the other hand, had on a pink tank top, yellow shorts, and sandals. As she put her blonde hair into a ponytail, she appeared to Angelica as though she had stepped right of the pages of a department store’s summer sale circular.

Angelica looked over at the gateway to the park’s interior, a good hundred yards away, and guessed that they wouldn’t allow outside food in. With that in mind, she grabbed her water bottle from the cupholder in the car door and chugged the rest of it, burping discreetly when finished. Even though probably eighty percent or more of the rides in the park wouldn’t be fun to her, she had to admit that on a whole, the place gave off an air of inviting excitement. And she was with her best friend, for her birthday. A smile crept up one side of her mouth and she turned back towards Lily.

“C’mon, Lil. Let’s go have fun.”

###

The two girls had been at the park for close to two hours, and Angelica had not been on a single roller coaster, despite Lily’s pleas. During that time, every time Lily joined the line for one, Angelica would stay behind and watch, also taking the opportunity to examine the nearby park maps. In this way she gradually familiarized herself with every attraction there was which lacked excessive G-forces. She would also use the time to sneak in intermittent texts to Brian. Ever since she had admitted her attraction to him, she had taken the initiative to reach out and try to start some kind of a friendship. So far he had responded amiably, though Angelica had tried to act reserved and not come exploding into his life with professions of undying love like some kind of psycho. So, things were going well, but she couldn’t help but wonder if he knew how she felt—and if he felt the same way too.

Then, once Lily had finished her ride, Angelica would point out a tamer one that they could both go on, and so they spent their time alternating back and forth. In the hot sun, both friends had to routinely stop by water fountains to rehydrate. Angelica was definitely drinking more, though, since she could do so while Lily was in line. This, combined with the water bottle from earlier, caused her to begin to notice a need for a toilet after about an hour in the park. She didn’t pay much attention to it, however, since the two of them were trying to get in as much fun as possible in the time they had, and Angelica told herself she could go by a bathroom any time she needed. Meanwhile, her stomach had begun to growl as well, and she thought it was probably about time for them to get lunch.

As Lily breathlessly caught up to Angelica at the exit of The Devil’s Tower, a coaster that excelled in vertical drops and time spent upside down, Angelica gave her a smile to match Lily’s own grin of exhilaration, standing up from the bench she had been sitting on. Lily, though, staggered over to the bench and flopped right down on it, causing Angelica to laugh and sit down again. Lily’s head was lying back and she still seemed out of breath, though Angelica couldn’t tell how much of it was actual and how much was Lily just being overly dramatic in her excitement.

“So, how was it? New favorite?” Every roller coaster that Lily had ridden that day had been subsequently declared her “new favorite.”

Lily lifted her head ever so slightly. “Definitely.” She dropped her head down again and laughed. “You really need to go on one, Angie. They are like, so much fun. Really, you’ve gotta try one. I think you’ll enjoy it a lot more than you think.”

Angelica laughed dismissively, hoping to dispel the thought from Lily’s mind. “Yeah, well, I know you’re enjoying them. That’s enough for me, really.”

Lily raised her head all the way up and looked Angelica in the eye. “Could you at least try one today?” When Angelica laughed again, she puckered her lower lip in a fake pout. “Pwetty pwease? It’s for my birthday.”

Angelica just chuckled and shook her head. She didn’t have it in her to be a stick-in-the-mud whenever Lily got this silly. As Lily’s infantile pleadings continued, eventually Angelica broke. “All right, all right! You win, ya big baby. One. I will go on one roller coaster today.”

Lily giggled gleefully and rubbed her hands together. “Yay! Now I just have to think of the perfect one for you to lose your roller coaster virginity on!”

“Oh my gosh.” Angelica covered her face with one hand, embarrassed by Lily’s comment. It only had the effect of making Lily break out afresh into tittering cackles. Angelica sat there, mouth scrunched up on one side, and stared off into the crowds while waiting for Lily to get it out of her system. As Lily’s snickers died down, Angelica turned back towards her with an exaggerated “ANYWAY,” making Lily cover her mouth to keep from laughing again. Even Angelica couldn’t resist the smile playing on one corner of her mouth. “I’m hungry. Do you think we should go get something to eat? There’s a place here that sells pizza. I thought it looked pretty good.”

Lily leaned forward on the bench, preparing to stand. “Yeah, good idea. Pizza sounds good. You’ll have to lead the way.” They both stood and began walking when Lily suddenly stopped. At Angelica’s puzzled look, she narrowed her eyes suspiciously. “Wait a second. After we eat, we’ll have to wait a while before we can go on a roller coaster again.”

Angelica tried to follow Lily’s train of thought without success. “So?”

Lily arched an eyebrow with an “I’m-on-to-you” expression. “So, you just said you’d go on a roller coaster today. Are you trying to get out of it now?”

“What? No, of course not.”

“Well, I can just hear you now: ‘Sorry, Lil, but I’m still too full. I don’t think I can ride yet. Oh, what’s that? It’s time for us to go? Oops, sorry about that.’” She put her hands on her hips in mock accusation.

“Come on, Lil, I won’t do that. I promised I’d ride one.”

Lily’s face immediately switched to a bright, bubbly smile. “Great! So let’s do it now, and we can eat lunch after.”

Angelica’s eyes darkened as she realized she’d been played. When she had said she would go on a roller coaster today, she hadn’t really thought that meant today today. It felt more like homework that you could just keep putting off for a few hours more. In her gut, she wanted to avoid it as long as possible, but in her head, she knew that Lily was probably right. Hey, and if she got it over with now, then she’d be free for the rest of the day. It was probably best to do it now, then, but the thought still made her stomach churn with anxiety. She also felt her bladder give off a stronger twinge, letting her know that it would need attention soon. Okay, fine. They could do this first, then she’d stop by the bathroom on the way to get lunch. Lily’d probably need to go, too. She licked her lips, then said, “Okay. Sure. Let’s do it.”

The next minute or so was spent with Lily deliberating over which would be the perfect experience for Angelica to get her feet wet on. After a fair amount of voluble considerations, she concluded that the ideal roller coaster would be The Typhoon, which, according to Lily, boasted the optimal balance of creativity with tried-and-true solid design. Angelica didn’t have much to say in response, but she couldn’t help but be a little impressed at how much of a connoisseur Lily evidently was, though her insides were still unsettled.

After a few minutes’ walk, both girls came upon the entrance to The Typhoon. A painted blue walkway led up one story to where the ride itself began. As they entered the walkway, Angelica took a deep breath. So, this was really happening. She could feel her nerves start to stand on edge, making her stomach quiver. At least that helped with not feeling quite so hungry. As they joined the end of the line, she drummed absentmindedly on the railing, not knowing what to do with her hands. Trying to peer ahead, Angelica could see a decently lengthy line ahead of them, even though there were two cars running on the roller coaster. She sighed and ran her tongue across the roof of her mouth, trying to quell her jitters.

At first, Lily tried to engage Angelica in a conversation about the upcoming ride, but such a topic couldn’t be sustained for long, and the line was advancing steadily, but slowly. Instead, she resorted to merely making idle chitchat during the wait. Angelica wasn’t much in the mood for talking—she seldom was when feeling anxious—and this was no exception. She tried to breathe evenly and smoothly, telling herself to just relax. It only worked so much.

On top of her anxiousness, over the course of the wait, she could feel her bladder steadily filling more. After about ten minutes the feeling was ever present, and by the time they had been in line for twenty minutes, she found it difficult to think about anything else. The butterflies in her stomach weren’t helping. Raising her head as insouciantly as she could, she tried to gauge how much of the line remained ahead of them. They were now next to the stretch of track where passengers would embark and disembark, but at this point the line began doing switchbacks, lengthening the number of people in front of them. Lily had stopped talking at all, most likely because the noise of the coaster was right next to them and drowned out any attempt at conversation. Angelica was thus left alone with her thoughts…and her ever-increasing need to pee.

Rocking back and forth as discreetly as she could, she nonchalantly roved her gaze about, trying to familiarize herself with as much of the track as possible. Watching car after car make the loop, she estimated that the ride lasted about two minutes in total. Most of the path it took was hidden from view from where they stood, but she counted the seconds between shrieks and did her best to estimate the steepness of the drop based off the intensity of the screaming. There wasn’t much else to do, and both her stomach and her bladder were getting increasingly tingly as time passed, inexorably drawing her nearer to experiencing those drops and twists herself. She shut her eyes and took a deep breath, reminding herself over and over that this was it, just one, and then she’d be done.

Without warning, her bladder suddenly constricted, making her have to quickly cross one leg over the other. No, no! Just hold on! She could tell that she wasn’t yet desperate—it was just nerves. Take another deep breath, just like that. That’s it. She was in control.

The line moved forward slightly, and Angelica uncrossed her legs and closed the gap. If only the line were shorter! At this point, the waiting itself was the worst part. She moved her weight to one leg, then the other. Stay calm. Stay calm and everything would be all right. She leaned herself against the railing and watched Lily. If Lily suspected that she needed to pee, then they would both end up in the same boat. Lily, however, was busy watching the coaster carriages arrive and depart with an eager expression on her face.

Watching her friend’s excitement helped take Angelica’s mind off her own need for a toilet. After a few seconds, Lily noticed Angelica watching her and flashed her a smile, wiggling her eyebrows. Angelica smiled back. Maybe she would enjoy this more than she thought. At least now her bladder had seemed to quiet down. See, she’d be fine. There were probably only a few more minutes in line.

Sure enough, about three minutes later, they found themselves passing through the gate onto the metal platform above which the seats were suspended. Each carriage had four rows of four seats each, and as Lily and the other fourteen people quickly swarmed the rows, Angelica hung behind, her nerves now making her breathing quicken, and hesitated. Now that she was seeing it up close, the coaster was bigger than she had realized, and she swallowed. Her throat was dry, and she admitted to herself that she felt afraid.

Lily was already seated and saw Angelica still standing off to the side. She gave a big smile and waved her arm in a large gesture, waving for Angelica to come and find a seat. Angelica returned a half-hearted smile, took a breath, squared her shoulders, and stepped forward. She was the only person still standing, and so she was forced to take the only empty seat left, which was unfortunately two rows behind Lily, who had, unsurprisingly, sat in the front. She moved in between the two rows and climbed in between the two other riders on either side.

Angelica tentatively slid into the hard plastic seat and wriggled her bottom, trying to get comfortable. Like many roller coasters, it was designed to restrict your movement as much as possible from every angle, and, as such, the seat was contoured to fit the average rear end. She tried fidgeting for a few seconds before realizing that her efforts weren’t going to change the shape of the coaster’s seat and subsequently sat still. Now that she was actually sitting on the coaster, about to ride, she could feel her heart beating faster. Her apprehension made her head feel like it was filling with pressure, making her ears pop and her peripheral vision weird. Trying to soothe her autonomic nervous system, she swallowed, folded her hands across her lap, and closed her eyes while regulating her breathing. Deep breath in, slooooowly let it out. That was better. She suppressed a nervous yawn.

As the seconds ticked by in her head, Angelica felt her bladder tightening again. She took another deep breath and told herself it was just nerves. She didn’t have to go that badly. Due to her past experiences, she knew that if she had thought she was entering the danger zone, she would have simply left the line. Better to have to wait another half hour than to take that risk. As of now, though, she would have to make sure that they went by a bathroom after this ride. On the other hand, though, maybe it was only from anxiousness, and she wouldn’t have to go once the ride was over? No, but that would mean repeating this whole inner debate—over whether or not she should have gone to the bathroom—on the next ride.

At least this should be her only roller coaster. That at least was a comfort. And besides, they were going to have lunch after this, which would be the ideal time to go pee. At the moment, however, she felt tingles going through her crotch and tried to squeeze her thighs together, though the movement was inhibited by the piece of metal between her legs, where the top part of the harness would attach. As she moved, her brow furrowed upon feeling an odd discomfort there, as if something were poking her in her private parts. Looking down, she tried to pull herself off the seat to see what it was.

It looked as though a large nut was supposed to screw in there, but a specially designed one, one that would be flush with the rest of the contoured harness. Instead, there was a much larger nut, clumsily screwed on and not painted over like the rest of the seat. Most likely the original nut had been lost during maintenance, and the mechanic had just slapped on whatever he had that would fit. It was unpleasant, though, boring into her groin the way it was. Maybe she should switch seats—though that would mean expecting someone else to have to get jabbed in the crotch. Or maybe…maybe she should just take her last chance to skip out on the ride altogether. Let Lily have fun on it while she went to use the bathroom. Win-win.

While she was staring at her lap and hovering above the seat, however, an amusement park worker was suddenly in front of her. Angelica heard a rehearsed “Okay, go ahead and sit down in the chair.” She looked up, seeing a freckled girl about her own age wearing the Firefly Thrills Park uniform, her eyes shadowed by her park visor. Instinctively, she found herself doing as the girl said, settling stiffly back into the seat.

“There ya go. Now could you lift your arms for me?” Angelica complied, wanting to ask about changing seats, but only got so far as an “um” before the employee had pulled the over-the-shoulder harness down on its hinge until it clicked into its socket. Angelica’s minor protestation had evidently fallen on deaf ears.

“Great. Now just grab onto the handles here.” The girl took hold of the handles herself, one over each of Angelica’s shoulders, to demonstrate. Once Angelica had copied this action, the girl followed it up with a sing-song “Perfect. Now I’m just gonna tighten everything up for ya, and then you’ll be good to go.” She put both hands on where the harness clicked into the seat and used her weight to push down three times, the whole row of seats shaking each time she did.

On the third push, the harness clicked one more notch into its socket. At the same time, however, the sudden extra push and the shake on the seat jostled Angelica, and without warning, the nut had suddenly spread her labia and popped itself right into her genitals like a speculum. Shocked and embarrassed, she immediately gasped and felt herself go red. The girl took no notice, however. She merely gave a smile and said, “There you are! Enjoy the ride!” before turning and moving briskly and efficiently off to the side.

Angelica shuffled and wiggled in her seat. The thin fabric of her panties and jeggings provided a measly barrier between the metal knob and her most sensitive, private area. Her brow wrought with consternation, she tried in vain to reposition herself so that she was no longer being violated by her chair. It was no use. She was strapped in too snugly to possibly make any difference. Looking down at where the nut was poking into her, she bit on her tongue as she attempted to use her hands to readjust herself. This too met with failure. The harness was too bulky for her to be able to reach her arm around it and access her crotch.

A loud hum of the powerful roller coaster engine revving up intruded on her struggle. In a panic, she looked back up, her eyes darting to and fro to find someone who could stop the ride, stop it before it started. Her bladder gave a quick spasm and she clenched her teeth and her thighs in response. There was no way she could ride like this! She bit her lip and craned her neck, trying to see an employee whose attention she could snag. Glancing about for the bright uniform, she could feel the vibration of the heavy machinery work its way all down through her harness, making her head buzz, her ribs resonate, and her crotch… No, no, it couldn’t be! She had to get out of this seat!

At that moment, though, the entire carriage of seats lifted forcefully off the ground. As it did so, the movement shifted Angelica further down onto the nut in her groin, pressing it up directly against her clitoris. She gave a sharp intake of breath and looked down. This was insane! There was no way that this could be safe or legal for park visitors. She hadn’t felt this defiled since that awful incident in senior year with that bully, Laura Katz…one that she decidedly did not want to be reminded of. She shifted more, trying but failing to pull off. Her frenzied attempts were also making her bladder tighten more and a wave of pain passed through it. She tensed all her muscles, trying to stay under control. It was challenging, considering she couldn’t close her thighs or use her hands in any way. She took another deep breath. It was only a two-minute ride. She could endure it. At least being suspended by the harness kept pressure on her urethra, since she couldn’t hold herself.

The carriage shoved off from the loading area and latched onto the chain that would pull it to the top of the first drop. The rumbling of the powerful motor resonated all through the framework of the roller coaster, but Angelica noticed it most in where it was concentrated in her private parts. As their set of seats made its way slowly, painstakingly up the hill, the vibration against her clitoris continued, and she began experiencing a strange new sensation. Oddly enough, although the buzzing was amplifying her need for a toilet, the pain it produced wasn’t an unpleasant pain. It rose in tandem with an unfamiliar pleasure, producing little shooting sensations all through her crotch, pain and pleasure waltzing together in harmony.

She felt her breathing grow heavier and heavier as her body temperature rose. A golden, tingly sensation was permeating her entire body, making her feel floaty, and at the same time, her bladder felt like it was constricting tighter and tighter, the pain of desperation making her leg muscles tense up and her toes curl. Or was it the strange euphoria that was doing that? Her sphincter was on fire with the pressure from her bladder, but almost right next to it, her clitoris was pulsating with jolts of ecstasy like shocks of electricity. Having the foci of such opposite sensations located in such close proximity to each other produced a feeling unlike any she had experienced before.

Being a virgin, and one who had never felt drawn to experiment sexually before, Angelica didn’t recognize the feeling of a building orgasm. Her breaths were labored pants at this point, her face was flushed, and she was white knuckled from gripping the harness so hard. The roller coaster was almost at its peak, and so too were the waves of bliss coursing through her. She felt elation, but combined with fear at not knowing what was happening to her. Suddenly, a moan slipped involuntarily out of her mouth, and she bit down on her lip. But the pleasure was mounting, and so was her bladder pressure, and so was the roller coaster…and another moan came out, and then another…and her pee was about to explode out of her…and she was in heaven…and she imagined Brian’s arms around her…

…and now the roller coaster was at the top…

Angelica screamed, a split second before the rest of the riders. Just when she had thought there was no way she could hold back the impending flood, the roller coaster entered its parabolic drop and the vibrations on her abated. The sudden light-headedness from freefall only amplified the blinding pulses of giddy pleasure that were overtaking her body. Her head was thrown back and her eyes rolled in their sockets as her breaths heaved forcefully, trying to gulp in enough oxygen to cope with the almost frighteningly powerful ecstasy coursing through every inch of her being. Her pee hadn’t escaped, though it still felt about to break free and spray all over everything, but her panties felt strangely wet.

As the coaster continued its dives and twists, the nut in her crotch buzzed intermittently, holding her in a loop of terrifying euphoria. Whereas each new drop or spin elicited shrieks from the rest of the people riding, each one brought about a fresh moan from Angelica. She was barely even aware of the ride itself, unable to think of anything but the inexorable crashing waves of rapture holding her captive. Fresh peaks of pleasure mounted again and again, each one higher than the last, until she felt sure her body couldn’t take any more. She thrashed about in her seat, overwhelmed with the enormity of the sensations she was experiencing. Each new zenith of rhapsody brought with it a new spike of desperation, however, and it was all she could do to hold her pee in.

At long last, the ride evened out and began its coast back into the loading/unloading zone. Angelica had probably reached climax multiple times on the coaster itself, and a new one had been building right up to the point of release when the buzzing had leveled off. Now it was keeping her at a low simmer, neither moving her toward release nor letting her body back down to earth. Her eyes were closed, and she didn’t dare move, since her pee was right up at the edge of her sphincter, eager for freedom. If the carriage could just stop and the vibrations go away, she could be all right—probably.

The seats came to a stop over the metal floor and descended for people to disembark. Angelica could feel her toes brushing the steel surface, and then the harnesses unlatched and swiveled upwards on their hydraulic springs. She waited for the vibration in the nut to die down to how it had been when she first got on the ride, but there was no change. It remained at its same low-level buzz, keeping her at a tantalized state right on the cusp of having another orgasmic wave crash over her. She held on to the sides of the chair, leaning forward, afraid to do anything else. All around her, she could hear the other park guests climbing out of their seats, laughing with post-adrenaline relief. If only that were the only kind of relief she needed.

She sat there, even as she heard the gate opening for new people to get on the ride, with all manner of assorted sensations tumbling through her head—thoughts that were closer to individual stimuli than fleshed-out concepts. She was aware of her lips, then her breasts, then remembered her wet and full pants from when she first met Lily, then Brian’s smile, then the cold of her sodden shorts at the Davis household. Footsteps neared her—most likely someone who would tell her she had to leave—but it barely registered in the menagerie of variegated memories of sense churning in her brain as simultaneous pain and pleasure hovered at a crescendo in her crotch.

Angelica didn’t move from her seat. She sat there, eyes squeezed shut, breathing hard, biting her lip to keep from letting out a moan—or something else. She imagined Brian kissing her, holding her, caressing her…she remembered his smell…she remembered wearing his jacket, and how it felt like he was embracing her…and then she remembered the conditions under which she had been wearing his jacket. Her bladder was constricting in throbbing pulses as the nut continued its low-level vibration inside her, and she knew that if she tried moving right now, it would be all over. She didn’t know what to do, but she couldn’t move—not now, not like this!

She could hear a park employee’s voice in front of her, “Excuse me, miss? You need to get off the ride now.” Opening one eye, she saw a young man standing in front of her, eyes searching her face, likely trying to figure out what was wrong with her. Behind him and off to the side, Lily stood staring, waiting for her. The employee gently reached out a hand. “Here, let me help you out.”

Her own hand shaking, Angelica gingerly took hold of his. She was still hyperventilating, and she closed her eyes again and clenched her teeth, bracing herself for extrication. Slowly, she began to shift her weight to her feet. This was a delicate procedure. Already, even with her cautious movement, the nut’s vibration against her engorged womanhood made another moan slip embarrassingly out. She had to be careful not to move to quickly, or else…

Unfortunately for her, the park employee was oblivious to her predicament. As soon as Angelica had begun to move, he, most likely in an attempt to be helpful, took hold of her other arm with his free hand and pulled her up and out of the seat in one swift movement. Angelica gasped loudly, and then the sensation of the nut making one final rub as it slid across her clitoris and out from inside her caught up to her, and the mounting wave that had towered up and up and up finally crested.

Angelica screamed, against her will, drawing the attention of most of those who were still standing in line. Her head fell backwards and her legs buckled, unable to support her. Knees bent inwards, she staggered, collapsing against the employee, as pleasure once again washed over her, and then lost control of her bodily functions. Her sphincter gave way entirely, and her urine rushed out into her panties, which were already wet with a spurt of something else. Angelica hovered there, still supported by the bewildered employee, like a ragdoll pumped full of endorphins, and peed her pants.

Within seconds, her panties were completely saturated, and her urine spread out horizontally on either side of her crotch, darkening the fabric, before descending in an inverted triangle down her thighs. The wetness spread out on her butt as well, and in her semi-crouched position it formed a wide wet spot underneath her butt cheeks and spreading up between them. The warm flood continued down her legs in splashing, trickling streams which cascaded from the spandex fabric at the back of her thighs, under her butt, from the bottoms of her calves, and straight from her crotch.

The sheer bliss at the relief doubled her existing ecstasy and made her scream again. By this time, most of the people in line were pointing and chattering among themselves, some laughing, others scandalized. The employee holding her up didn’t know what to do, and simply stared down at her with his mouth open. Most people screamed while riding the roller coaster, and very occasionally some wet themselves, but he had never seen it happen after getting off. He didn’t realize that Angelica had just gotten off in a different sense altogether.

The pee kept flowing, completely uninhibited, spreading across the front and back of both legs until it met on the outside, making the blue spandex dark and shiny. As Angelica came down from her climax, the reality of what had just happened began to pierce the euphoric haze in her brain. Her already-red face turned an even deeper shade of red and she abruptly straightened herself up, supported on her own legs again, and looked down at herself. Her mind was clearer, but the aftershocks of her accidental orgasm were still at play in her body, and she was still breathing heavily. She began to shake uncontrollably as she tried in vain to cut off the flow. Even though she was very nearly empty, she had no power to staunch the release of her urine, and instead watched as the last few seconds of pee sprayed out into her panties, trickling out of her pants to splatter in the large puddle around her feet, tinkling and spreading across the diamond plate steel floor.

Even after finishing, Angelica kept staring at her mess for a few seconds more, as the final vestiges of urine dripped from the legs of her pants into her warm and wet tennis shoes. She raised her head, her face red and her mouth wide, to see the crowd of park visitors in line all staring at her and snickering to each other. Then she turned and faced the park employee, who was still holding her hand. He looked almost as uncomfortable as she was and swallowed, his eyes wide open, then quickly dropped her hand as if it were a live wire.

Angelica tried to move her mouth into words, but all that emerged were half-formed stammers. Suddenly, she remembered Lily, and quickly glanced over to where Lily had been standing by the exit. Lily was still there, but her face was white as she beheld Angelica's accident. Their eyes connected, and then Lily bent over with a jump, biting her lip and jamming a hand in between her thighs. She then turned and jogged briskly out the exit door, still holding herself.

A voice from her other side snapped Angelica’s attention immediately around. It was a middle-aged man wearing a Firefly Thrills polo shirt, most likely a supervisor. “Are you all right, young lady?” Both his tone and face conveyed an overlap of concern with suspicion. Angelica looked down at herself again, brushed a strand of hair behind her ear, and lifted one leg to shake out the golden drops that still clung to the fabric, making a sparkling shower and sending ripples through her puddle again. She knew her face was still beet red, and also guessed that the supervisor thought she may be drunk or high. She raised her head again, but didn’t make eye contact as she responded.

“I…I’m…I’m fine. I just…I need, I need…to, to go.” She looked back at the supervisor’s face with a look of guilty embarrassment, then turned to follow after Lily. Her wet pants were feeling chilly, and they chafed as her thighs rubbed back and forth, making nasty squelching sounds. Her squishy wet socks felt gross and uncomfortable, but the worst thing of all, of course, was that she was in the middle of a packed amusement park in broad daylight. There was no hiding what had happened.

A single tear slipped down her cheek and she brushed it away with the back of her hand. As she made her way down the painted steel walkway back into the general park area, she contemplated what had just happened. Yes, she had wet her pants, again, after only a month since her last accident. Yes, of course, it was enormously humiliating. Yes, the same unfortunately familiar sensations brought back all the unfortunately familiar emotions. And yet—and yet she felt oddly…satisfied. The tear she had shed was almost a formality. She thought back to what had happened to her while on the roller coaster and tried to make sense of it.

What was this new world of dazzling and terrifying delight that she had fallen into? What did it all mean? Conflicting feelings collided inside her. True, she had peed herself in front of a crowd, but at the same time she had been transported to blissful rhapsodies she didn’t know existed. Mortification weighed heavy on her, but brought with it a sense of impishness, of naughtiness, of the glee of getting away with something forbidden. She thought of being a little child and getting spanked for having an accident. What would it be like…if she were to get spanked…now?

Angelica paused on the empty walkway and stood still for a few seconds. Then, with a bizarre boldness, she bent forward somewhat, causing her rear end to protrude slightly, then placed one hand on it, feeling the dampness. After tracing the edge of the wet spot with her fingers, she lifted her hand and brought it back down. It gave a sharp little splat as it made contact with the sodden fabric stretched across her backside, but didn’t really hurt. Pulling her hand back again, she once more gave herself a smack, this time harder. Then again. Then again. It felt strangely good. She deserved this, after all. She had wet her pants, gone pee-pee in her panties like a little baby, so now she got a spanking.

A sudden jolt of realization as to what she was doing burst in upon her brain, and she straightened up like a lightning rod, pulling her hand away from her butt and looking over her shoulders to make sure no one had seen. She then resumed her walk, though at a brisker pace than before. What had just happened? She felt even more embarrassed by what she had just done than by peeing her pants. Well, maybe not, but close. But now a cause of worry had entered her mind. Could it be?…it couldn’t, no, no way…was it, though?…could it be that she actually, in a way…enjoyed wetting herself?

She didn’t want to think about that. Best she just go find Lily and then—well, she would have to figure out what to do at that point. But first, find Lily. Angelica finished making her way down the inclined walkway, took a deep breath, and then stepped out of her relative privacy into the bustling hubbub of the general amusement park. Now exposed, she concentrated on walking with head held high and arms crossed, her jaw rigid with forced indifference. The less attention she drew to herself, the better. Paradoxically, it seemed most people were too focused on where they themselves were headed to notice her, though of course she did see the occasional stare, the double take, the point out to someone else and laugh. She pretended not to care.

It didn’t help her to have no idea which way to go. Lily had simply run off, clutching herself, without any kind of clue as to where she would be. Angelica stopped for a moment to take in her surroundings and see if she could spot Lily’s familiar blonde hair. If Lily’s sympathetic spastic bladder had kicked in, then she had probably made a beeline for the nearest restroom. Angelica looked around for where those might be, using one hand to shield her eyes from the sunshine. Off to her right there was a refreshments kiosk, behind which there appeared to be a public toilet. That was as good a place as any to start.

As she neared, it became apparent that it was indeed a restroom. There was a line of five or six women standing outside the right-hand door, and third from the end was Lily’s telltale blonde ponytail and narrow frame. She was facing forward, away from Angelica, and apparently was still doing battle with her bladder. Although she no longer had her hand in her crotch, she was rubbing her thighs and rocking back and forth from foot to foot. Angelica stepped up to stand beside her, ignoring the stares and murmurs she got from the ladies behind Lily in line. She stood there sheepishly in silence, without announcing her presence to Lily, and spread her legs open slightly to try to let the material around her crotch dry.

Lily stood, bobbing and bouncing, for a few seconds before catching Angelica out of the corner of her eye. With a start, she turned towards Angelica, her face a mask of alarm. Angelica gave a weak smile and began to offer a “hi” when Lily looked down at her pants, then back up, eyes wide. She then grabbed her groin again and grimaced. Angelica’s smile fell, replaced by concern. She tilted her head to better see Lily’s face and asked, “Lil? What’s wrong?”

Lily’s expression was one of anguish. “Why’d you have to come over here, Angie? Why? I could—I could’ve made it…” Her voice trailed off in a tremulous whine, and she squeezed her eyes shut, biting her lip and suppressing a groan. Just then, Angelica heard a pshhh and looked down at Lily’s crotch. Within a second, a wet stain spread out from around her hand, darkening the yellow fabric in a five-inch spot before stopping.

Lily’s leak seemed to jolt her to urgency, and she shoved her other hand between her thighs as well, clenching for all she was worth. Her eyes flew open, darting about wildly in a panic. Angelica watched Lily’s plight with an open mouth, unsure of what to do. Lily was doing a full-on potty dance as she blurted out to the women in front of her, “Excuse me, but can I cut in front of you? It’s really an emergency—I don’t think…I can hold it…” Two of the three women in front of her turned around at this, but before either of them could so much as begin to answer, Lily gave out a guttural moan and doubled over.

Angelica heard the hissing sound resume, but louder this time. Lily’s hands were both between her legs, and from Angelica’s position, she had a clear view of Lily’s butt, with her fingers sprouting from the crotch and stretching out over her upper thighs. Within moments, dark wetness blossomed out from Lily’s hands in a mesmerizingly captivating spectacle. It covered her bottom in a round oval, then split into multiple channels of golden liquid, each one spreading its glistening stain over the cloth, darkening the fabric underneath.

The pee then began to pour out from the cuffs of Lily’s shorts on both sides in sparkling cascades. Lily stood still, unable to move as she peed herself, while the other women in line watched, giving murmurs of awkward sympathy. Since Lily’s rear end was still sticking out, some of her urine trickled down her smooth legs into her sandals, but most of it splattered out noisily behind her, splashing on the pavement and rapidly forming a puddle. The lady directly behind her gave a tiny gasp and stepped back to keep from getting peed on.

Angelica watched all of this in guilty discomfort. She knew that it was watching her have an accident that made Lily need to go so urgently, but in the swirl of thoughts and emotions on the walk over here, she had forgotten about it. If she had been more mindful, she would have let Lily use the bathroom before catching up to her. So was it her fault, then? This was just like when they first met, only of course, now she knew better. Oops. Standing there stiffly, she shifted her weight to one leg and lolled her tongue inside her cheek uncomfortably while waiting for Lily to finish peeing in her pants. By this time, the women in front of Lily had noticed that Angelica’s pants were also wet and one offered her place in line to go clean up. She merely shook her head in response.

After about twenty seconds, Lily’s stream died down, leaving only the last remnants of urine dripping from her shorts. With a deep breath, she slowly stood up straight and then removed her hands one at a time from her crotch. As she did so, they released a final spattering of pee out to splash down over her feet. She stared at her wet hands in disgust before wiping them off as best she could on the little dry space that remained on the hips of her shorts.

Angelica felt bashful, knowing that Lily only had an accident because of her. At the same time, though, she had to admit to herself that it did feel a little better not being the only one. Did that make her a bad friend? She tried to tell herself that it didn’t, if for no other reason than that they had shared pee accidents enough times in the past. Still, she knew deep down that that was a flimsy excuse, and so she weakly placed a hand on Lily’s shoulder and spoke up in a small voice, “Hey, uh, Lil, how about we just go home?” It was a poor effort at conciliation.

Lily was still looking down at herself in repulsion. After a moment, though, she lifted her head and made eye contact with Angelica again. When she spoke, her tone was somewhat softer, but still with a slight detectable edge. “Angie, you made me wet my pants.”

Angelica swallowed, not knowing how to respond. Eventually, with a lame smile, she answered with a simple “Sorry?”

~Aftermath~

Now that Lily too was wet, both girls reconsidered the offer to cut the line to clean up. They spent about fifteen minutes inside, cleaning off their legs and getting all the drips out of their pants and underwear the best they could. Naturally, there was nearly nothing they could do about reducing the obviousness of the stains, and so Lily agreed to Angelica’s earlier proposal of simply calling it a day and heading out.

The walk back to the entrance of the park was a silent and self-conscious one. It seemed that somehow, seeing two people who had peed themselves attracted people’s attention more than seeing just one. One overweight man, likely in his mid-twenties, jokingly asked in passing, “Got a little too excited, huh?” before continuing on his way with a bellowing laugh, and a short time late a little girl pointed and said loudly to her mother, “Look, mommy, those two women wet their pants!” before being quickly shushed. Angelica glanced over at Lily, who was looking down as she walked, her face red. She put her arm around Lily’s shoulder, giving her a slight smile as she made eye contact. Lily returned the smile, and then Angelica held out her arm for Lily to link hers with, which she did for the remainder of their walk.

Back out in the parking lot, they were faced with the problem of how to keep from getting the seats wet. This was Angelica’s parents’ car—she was still looking for one of her own—and ever since the incident the previous month in Patrick’s car, the last thing she wanted was a reason to make her things more awkward between her and her mom. Patrick had said he would take care of cleaning the seat and for her not to worry about it, but she was pretty sure he had told their mom about it, and ever since then, her mom had been dropping subtle hints about maybe going to a doctor to get checked out. Angelica didn’t know which would be more embarrassing—having her mother think that she had some kind of medical condition, or admitting to her that no, these accidents were just good, old-fashioned, couldn’t-hold-it-any-more pants wettings.

After digging around for a little bit, the best they could find were some fast-food napkins stuffed in the glove compartment. It was a scant solution, but better than nothing. It took a few minutes for them to devise the best distribution for maximum coverage, and once done, they needed to stay very still to stay exactly on top of the tiny areas of absorption.

Since they still hadn’t had lunch, Angelica suggested they go by a drive-thru on their way back, her treat. Lily gratefully accepted, not seeming upset at Angelica anymore. They found a Jack-in-the-Box only a few minutes away, drove to it, and ordered two combo meals, then consumed them hungrily in the parking lot in the privacy of the car.

Once they had finished eating, they began the drive back. It was about an hour’s drive, and the girls were both in better spirits now, and so they spent the time in fun conversation, making jokes, singing together, and such. At one point, Angelica’s phone buzzed with a text. She opened it, saw it was from Brian, and texted off a quick response.

“You know, Angie, you shouldn’t be texting while driving.” Lily’s voice had a playful sternness to it that Angelica knew was meant to mimic her own voice.

She blushed a little. “Yeah, I know. Sorry.”

Lily gave her a conspiratorial grin. “Hmm…I wonder who would be important enough for my straight-arrow friend Angie to be texting back even when she shouldn’t be? Let’s see—survey says…Brian?” She stretched the last word out in a gooey tone.

Angelica rolled her eyes and blushed more. “Yes, you got me.” She had naturally told Lily about the developments there, with Lily giving her full support, as any best friend would. Lily demonstrated it now, giggling and kicking her legs in excitement.

As quickly as her mirth had begun, however, it died away, a look of concern on her face as she stared out the windshield. Angelica knew what had caused it. In front of them, the theretofore relatively clear traffic came to a sudden grinding halt. There were bumper-to-bumper brake lights in front of them, as far as they could see. Angelica sighed. She hadn’t expected this much backup. In addition, she could feel slight consternation nosing its way into her head, as the water and combo drink from earlier were working their way through her, and she was starting to need to go to the bathroom again. She looked over at Lily, wondering if she were feeling the same urges. But after what had happened in the park, she knew better than to mention it.

As it turned out, she didn’t need to. After no more than five minutes in the jam, with excruciatingly little progress made, Lily spoke up. “I need to pee.” It was a simple enough statement, but Angelica knew her well enough to detect the nigh-imperceptible tremor in her voice. What it meant was “and we should find a place where I can do that, pretty soon.” She also knew better than even to agree, knowing that once Lily knew someone else was in the same boat, it would only make her have to go even more. So instead, she gave a noncommittal “mhm.”

Their conversation continued, but Angelica could tell it was less lively than before. As the minutes passed by, and her own bladder refilled, she could also gauge Lily’s need by how much less she spoke. After another fifteen minutes, in which they had maybe gone one and a half miles, Lily groaned and crossed her legs. She looked over to Angelica and whined, “Angie, I reeeally have to go. Can’t we find someplace?”

Angelica grimaced awkwardly. The next exit was in about three miles, and if their rate of travel stayed the same, they wouldn’t reach it for close to another half an hour. She shrugged and said, “I’m sorry, Lil, but we probably can’t for at least another thirty-five to forty minutes. Do you think you can wait that long?” Immediately after saying it, she wondered why she had bothered to ask that last question. It wasn’t as if they had an alternative option in case Lily couldn’t wait.

Lily merely responded with another groan, shifting around in her seat, despite the careful arrangement of napkins under her. Angelica looked over at her in compassion, empathizing with her as her own tank filled. She wasn’t feeling as desperate as Lily, but she was having a difficult time ignoring it now. Since Lily wasn’t up for conversation much, she decided to try to take her mind off it by going back to texting Brian.

They continued, with short periods of advancing followed by longer ones of sitting still, during which Angelica would continue her phone dialogue and do her best to console Lily. Another fifteen minutes went by, during which Lily had whined and groaned more, lamenting the slowness of traffic and the quantity of her urine. She had also leaned forward in her seat and put her hands in her crotch, and she was now rocking slightly, giving whimpers through clenched teeth. Angelica figured it probably would be best for her to take a break from texting to be there for her friend. Dropping the phone in her lap, she turned to Lily. “You can make it, Lil. You’re gonna be okay.” Lily didn’t reply.

Of course, Angelica had her doubts about whether Lily would indeed be okay or not. As she watched her best friend struggle with her full bladder, her thoughts began to wander. She knew what Lily was going through, thinking back to when she herself had had an accident a couple of years earlier, at the harvest festival. In fact, knowing what it felt like was an instrumental reason why the two of them were friends now. But at the harvest festival—that had happened in front of Brian. And here she was, years later, still in touch. Were the two connected somehow? A full bladder and attraction to Brian?

And now her mind drifted back to her experience on the roller coaster and immediately afterward. Her thoughts had been flooded with those images of him, right before her pants had been flooded with her pee. And then on the walkway… She didn’t know what it all meant, but as her urge to pee increased now, and seeing Lily’s do the same, and the texts from Brian came in, she could feel a new moistness in her panties.

Then, with no warning, her bladder suddenly contracted, releasing a short spurt of urine out, rewarming the area around her private parts. She gasped, leaned forward, and quickly used her free hand to grab her crotch. It had just been a small leak and was quickly cut off, but it had come as a surprise. And, unfortunately, it had not gone unnoticed by Lily.

Lily had turned toward Angelica when she had first leaked, and now her face went red. She bit her lip with a moan, then said, in a small and shaky voice, “I’m sorry, Angie. I don’t think I’m gonna make it.” Then she squeezed her eyes shut and groaned. “I’m going to wet my pants…oh my gosh, I’m going to wet myself…” A second after that, the telltale hiss began, and Angelica watched, transfixed, as Lily’s yellow shorts once again sprouted a dark patch, the wetness spreading rapidly across her thighs even as she continued to hold herself. She knew that there was no way the napkins under Lily’s butt would be enough to protect the seat, and she wondered how much it cost to get the seats cleaned—and if her mom would ever let her borrow the car again.

Witnessing her friend’s loss of control, however, only amplified her own need—and strangely, simultaneously increased the excitement she was feeling in her privates. She had to stay in control, though. She couldn’t let a repeat of what had happened earlier occur. It didn’t help that her panties had gotten all warm around her sensitive spot from her leak earlier. Then she realized that she was still holding herself, and that the whole time she had been, her phone had still been in her lap. It was now pressed up against her groin by her hand.

And then, it buzzed.

Angelica gasped and gripped herself harder. It was probably another text from Brian. But it had vibrated right up against her clitoris, just like the roller coaster, and now her excitement was building, and she had to focus on holding her pee…

And then the phone buzzed again.

She knew that if the phone weren’t right in her crotch, she would be fine. But she had to keep holding herself, afraid to remove her hand—yet the harder she held herself, the more she was pushing the phone deeper into her most sensitive area…

And the phone buzzed again.

She was breathing harder now, and her face was flushed. All the same sensations from earlier were reappearing, and her bladder was tightening. She needed to hold on…but at the same time, she needed it to continue… She looked over at Lily, who was still clenching tightly. She had seemed to get her pee under control again, though there was clearly a wet puddle around her rear end. Angelica thought of her own rear end, and the punishment she had given herself on the walkway…

And then the phone buzzed harder.

It was a phone call, Angelica knew. She leaned forward, gripping herself even harder, as the vibrations built a tower of euphoria that was about to crash on top of her. A moan escaped her lips, making Lily turn a face of bewilderment on her. She could hear Lily’s voice, “Are you okay, Angie?” but she was unable to answer. Instead, another moan came out, this time louder, as the buzzing continued. Her pee was at the very cusp of escaping all over the seat, but she imagined it was Brian calling her, and in a way, it felt as if he were doing this to her. Her moans grew faster along with her breathing, and the phone kept buzzing, and the ecstasy was mounting, and she was about to pee her pants again…

No, no, no!

And she imagined Brian spanking her…

Yes, yes, yes!

And then it burst out, on both ends. She screamed out a “YES!” as the wave of pleasure crested and overwhelmed her. Her body was not her own anymore, held captive instead to the dazzling exhilaration washing over her. She threw herself back into the seat, her breaths short grunts as she twitched and shook, and she no longer had any control over her bladder.

Lily hadn’t understood the force of the answer to her question, but then, watching Angelica’s bizarre seizure, she too heard a loud hiss and stared in shock as Angelica’s jeggings quickly went dark around the crotch again. Unlike her own loss of control, which she had tried to fight and eventually successfully curtailed, Angelica seemed to not even notice her own. Her urine sprayed out loudly, spreading around her hand and down her thighs, rapidly puddling around her butt and even dripping over the sides of the chair. Lily stared in horror as she noticed that Angelica was still holding her phone with the hand between her thighs, and it was getting thoroughly drenched. She was panting and bright red, barely able to focus on the road as she went to the bathroom in her pants, completely soaking the seat.

Unfortunately, this was all too much for Lily. She had barely been able to get herself under control before the mess had gotten too big—she hoped—but now that Angelica was totally wetting herself, there was no way she could hold back any longer. With a “no!” her own floodgates reopened, and her butt went warm again, then hot, her pee spraying out from her crotch across her thighs and making her own puddle extend to the edge of the seat to drip down the front as well. She too had a total loss of bladder control and wet herself for another thirty seconds, until she was completely empty.

Angelica by now had been coming down from her high, her second unintentional orgasm of the day. She pushed a strand of hair off her sweat-streaked forehead and lifted her dripping phone out from where it had taken its golden shower. Turning on the screen, she saw that the phone call had not been from Brian after all, but from her mom. So too had been the text messages. They read,

Angelica, when do you think you’ll be back?

I want to see about setting up a doctor’s appointment for you.

I’m concerned about you, baby girl.

She dropped her phone back into her puddle in resignation. Just great. As the last of her climax died down inside her, she wondered how she could possibly get out of it now, coming home with two massive pee puddles in the seats. At least this traffic would provide ample time to think of something.

