Angelica and Lily - with tags!

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*010*2020-03-18 11:17

At very, very long last, I present part 2. And I really do promise that I shall do my best to keep the remaining chapters shorter.

Contains: fear wetting, messing

Chapter 6: Graduation (Part 2)

Angelica stood there, dumbfounded. For the second time in her life, Brian reappeared after having been given up for lost. Thinking about the distance that she had allowed to grow between them, she wondered if she could have honestly said she expected to ever see him again in her life. And now, here he was, standing right in front of her in a smart charcoal suit, real and solid and wonderful and baffling. His auburn hair was gelled, but not too much, his face was clean-shaven, showing off his manly jawline and the jaunty grin playing on his lips. But what stood out the most were his piercing blue eyes, which were now dancing and twinkling.

Angelica simply stared, her jaw slack, words unable to form on her lips. In a moment, all the rush of the romantic attraction she had felt for Brian surged up inside her again, only strengthened by her sense of regret at having drifted apart. He had been gone from her life, and now, without warning, he was back; like a soldier presumed dead returning from the war. A burst of sudden rash impulse flashed through her, and for a split second, she thought she may just throw herself into his arms and kiss him right then and there. The rational and self-conscious side of her brain, however, immediately cut this puerile caprice short with internal chidings. She could feel her face redden from the fatuous notion, then, realizing that Brian could see her blush, she blushed even deeper. He was still standing there, still smiling, waiting for a response. Words, Angelica, words!

Brushing a loose strand of brown hair behind her ear, she tried to give a polished response. Putting on her best smile, she spoke, her voice cracking as the words first left her. “Brian! Hey! Wow, what, uh, what are you doing here?” Her voice was a little higher pitched than she meant it to be.

Brian leaned on one leg and stuck his hands in his pockets. He was still grinning that amazing, intoxicating smile of his. “I’m back in town over the summer. My cousin was graduating today, so I came with my family.” He gave a chuckle. “Then I saw you a couple of rows in front of me and I knew I’d have to find you after it was over. So, surprise!” He laughed, causing Angelica to do the same—half out of nervousness, but half deeply genuine.

“Wow! Well, that’s cool! What, um, what will you…be doing? For the summer.” She wished that she had gone for a hug when she had first seen him. At this point it would be too awkward to try to go in for one. Instead, she folded her hands in front of her, not knowing what else to do with them.

“I have a job lined up. Well, it’s not really a job—I mean it is, but it’s more like an internship. It’s part of the classes I’m taking. I’m hoping it can turn into a full-time job once I graduate next year.” That was right. He was studying to become an electrician, and the trade school apprenticeship program was four years long. He locked eyes with Angelica again. Those eyes—he had no idea how much she had missed seeing them…and missed having them see her. “What about you?”

Angelica laughed nervously again, trying to pull herself together. “Oh, I’ll be seeing what I can find. Not sure yet. I just finished my first year of business classes, so it’s still too early for an internship.”

Brian’s pointed his finger in agreement as Angelica mentioned studying business. “Right! You told me you were going into that. Good for you, Angie.” Hearing him call her the pet name no one used but Lily made her almost have to pinch herself to ensure she wasn’t dreaming, and she nearly blurted out “I love you.” Internally shushing herself, she wondered why she was acting so ditzy tonight. This wasn’t her normal self. But to be fair, she didn’t feel like her normal self, though in a good way. Having Brian here and now, when she had all but given up on her feelings for him—it was just like a scene out of a book. Her heart was soaring inside her with hope, and she felt nervous and terrified and light and floaty all at once. It was like the feeling as a kid on Christmas morning, only multiplied much more. The two of them stood still for what couldn’t have been more than a few seconds, though to Angelica it felt as though time had stopped.

Then, all of a sudden, a jolt of remembrance popped into her head. Lily was still upstairs, waiting for her dry clothes. And also…her own underwear was still damp. She had been talking to Brian with wet panties. She could feel her face flush red, remembering also that she hadn’t cleaned her hands, either. Good thing they hadn’t hugged, after all. Feeling awkward, she stammered out, “Oh, uh, I need to go…do something…for someone. Real quick. I’ll be right back, though. Don’t go anywhere!” She backed away as she spoke, trying to keep him in sight, to make sure he didn’t just disappear on her, like a breath in the wind.

“No worries. I’ll be right here.” He laughed, a laugh that almost sounded nervous. What did he have to be nervous about? She was the one who was crazy about him, who had been talking to him with wet underclothes…and who had peed herself in front of him those years ago. Good grief, heaven knew she had given him enough reasons to be scared off. What was he doing, still showing up in her life? She gave him a quick, giddy grin on one side of her mouth before turning back into the crowds to find Lily’s family.

As she navigated her way in between the throngs of attendees and graduates, her thoughts were like fireworks going off in her head. It wasn’t just that Brian was here again, he actually sought her out. What could that mean? Was he just being friendly? Her brain was going into an overdrive of apophenia, analyzing every expression, every inflection, every glance of his could have met in their exceptionally brief reunion. One thing was for sure. She wasn’t letting him get away again.

Focused as she was on her internal cogitations, she nearly missed seeing where Derek and Jeanne Wells were standing, somewhat off to the side, scanning the crowd for Lily. As soon as Angelica approached them, their faces lit up with recognition. Initial greetings and hugs were followed by inquiries into where Lily was, and Angelica had to expend more than a little effort into playing it cool and not hinting at the actual reason Lily was trying not to be seen. It seemed to do the trick, however, and before too long she was making her way back towards the stairs, Lily’s bag of clothes tucked under her arm.

###

Lily waited in the second-floor restroom for what felt like far too long, although it couldn’t have been more than fifteen minutes. During that time, she had delicately extricated herself from her dress, trying carefully to not get wet anywhere she wasn’t already. Once done, she carefully slid down her panties, grimacing as the wet and rapidly cooling black fabric grazed her skin. Once both these tasks were complete, she contemplated for a moment, then made up her mind and turned on the faucet. Rinsing out her underwear was easy enough, but trying to bunch up just the front part of the dress to get it under the tap without splashing water everywhere proved to be tricky.

Once she was satisfied with her work, she squeezed both pieces of clothing out as well as she could over the toilet. The phone was still sitting at the bottom of the bowl, releasing an occasional bubble. With a sudden impulse, she sat on the toilet herself and squeezed out what pee she had. Since she had just emptied her bladder, there wasn’t much, but it felt gratifying to spray it on the phone that was being used to objectify and humiliate her. After that, she stood in front of the mirror in nothing but her bra and used Angelica’s wipes to clean her face of its smeared makeup.

Of course, once this was done, there was nothing to do but wait for Angelica. Lily didn’t have her phone to contact anyone or even try to pass the time, and so all she could do was wait and hope that Angelica would be back soon. It undoubtedly felt like longer than it had been by the time there was a light knock and Angelica’s voice outside the door: “Lily? I have your clothes.”

Lily stood behind the door and opened it a crack, just enough to stick her hand out. She could feel the bag being placed in it, then she drew it back inside and closed the door. In less than a minute she had put on her new clothes and balled the old ones up, wrapping them tightly in the bag. There of course was no reason why she should bring fresh underwear with her if she were only going to change her outfit for comfort’s sake, but she had long been in the habit of bringing a clean pair of panties with any new clothes, due to her condition. She was glad of it now.

Opening the door and stepping out, she stood in front of Angelica with a pleased expression, ignoring the dark puddle off to her side. She had on her graduating class T-shirt, a pair of beige short shorts, and tennis shoes. Brushing her shoulder-length blonde hair behind her ears, she handed the bag to Angelica. “I guess I’d better go find my family now. Could you…take this for me, Angie? Just…get it back to me when you can. I can take care of cleaning them. I just—I’d rather not have my parents find out what…what happened.”

Angelica received the bag, nodding in complete understanding. As Lily also handed her back her clutch, she asked, “So, you have everything? You’re good to go?” Although she wanted to make sure her best friend was set, she found she was also distracted, trying to finish up here quickly and get back downstairs before Brian got tired of waiting for her…or just plain forgot about her. Strangely, she also felt reticent to tell Lily about running into Brian, at least just yet. Much as she wondered at it, she couldn’t quite figure out why, and it bothered her.

It felt similar to how she had never confided in Lily her experience at the amusement park. Was it the sense of deceit by omission, because she felt like she was doing something wrong and didn’t want to face it? Was she secretly hoping that meeting with Brian tonight would result in something similarly illicit? Her thoughts reached back to one of their first interactions, at the harvest festival, when she had sneaked off with him to see a hidden lake. Wasn’t it the same feeling, even then? The giddy thrill of a forbidden escapade?

These thoughts flurried through Angelica’s head in an instant, and she realized she hadn’t even heard Lily’s response. She gave her head a little shake to clear it. No, of course it wasn’t like that. It was most likely that she didn’t want to get her hopes up for anything, and telling Lily about Brian being here would get Lily excited, which would get her excited, and she didn’t want that to happen if it were all going to lead nowhere. That was what she told herself, at least.

As it was, Lily had evidently needed nothing else and moved to make her way with Angelica toward the stairs. As they walked, Angelica could feel some of the tension inside her—from uncertainty about where she stood with Brian and any hidden motives she had—begin to dissolve as she and Lily fell into their comfortable and familiar rhythm of best-friendship. Lily too appeared to be relaxing more following her incident. Most likely being in dry clothes and knowing that no one else had seen her accident helped immensely.

Once back on the first floor, Angelica gave Lily a quick hug before parting ways. Lily’s bag tucked under her arm, she tried nonchalantly to survey the crowd for Brian again. After close to a minute with no success, during which she could feel the heat rising on her neck as she became increasingly convinced that he had left already, she suddenly heard her name called again from off to her side. Turning quickly in that direction, a smile of relief lifted one side of her face as she saw Brian approach her. She breathed a half-laugh. “Hi!”

Brian closed the gap between them in the slowly dissipating crowd. “Hi again.” Angelica briefly thought—hoped—that he might take this second opportunity to go in for a hug, but instead, he stood where he was, hands in pockets, wearing a silly grin. He nodded towards the bag of clothes. “What’s that?”

Angelica subconsciously held the bag tighter and felt her face flush. She wanted to make sure she kept Lily’s accident a secret, but she knew that if she acted too mysterious about it, it would only make Brian more curious. “Um, it’s just Lily’s dress. She, uh, she changed into something more comfortable for tonight. I think she’s going to some celebration with her class.”

Brian seemed satisfied by the answer, to Angelica’s relief. “Oh, cool. You know, I’ve still never met Lily.”

“Really?”

“Yeah, really. I mean, you’ve talked about her enough, I almost feel like I know her. But yeah, no, never actually met her.”

“Huh. Well, I could…” Angelica trailed off, remembering her earlier hesitation over letting Lily know that Brian was here. Internally, she was irritated at herself for having any uncertainty at all, especially since it was the one dark cloud dragging down her quivering exhilaration at Brian’s presence. Still, she wanted to keep this to herself, at least for now. She resumed her sentence. “…um, I’ll have to introduce you sometime. I mean, because you’ll still be around, for the summer. But she’s, uh, she’s probably already left for the thing.”

Brian shrugged. “Yeah, some other time, I guess.” He stayed there staring at Angelica for a few seconds without saying anything. Then, even though his eyes were still bright, he looked down and shuffled his feet awkwardly. For a few seconds, the two of them waited, neither one speaking. Angelica was just about to try to ask him something (though she didn’t know what, just anything to keep the conversation going) when he abruptly raised his head again and looked her straight in the eye. “Do you have any plans for tonight?”

Angelica could feel anticipation tensing up the back of her throat and making the blood pulse audibly in her eardrums. Could it…could it be? Swallowing to keep her voice from cracking, she answered. “No. No plans at all.”

Taut, tortured silence hung between them, the air heavy with expectation. Angelica swallowed again, her heart fluttery, hoping beyond hope that he had asked for the reason she thought he had. But now he stood there, face inscrutable, not saying a word. Had he lost his nerve? Ask me, Brian. She willed him with everything inside her. I’ll say yes. You only have to ask me.

At long last, he spoke. His voice was even, and his eyes were burning holes through her. He spoke with a sense of focused determination, as if he were reciting a speech or uttering an incantation. “Would you want to go out for coffee?”

Angelica could feel her chest tighten and her breath catch as an ocean of jubilation built up inside her. In response, she could feel herself damming it up inside and only letting out a trickle, afraid that otherwise it would explode in an uncontrollable surge. Instead of an outburst of overjoyed elation, she replied only a direct, understated “yes.” His gaze was still piercing straight to her soul.

Brian gave a little nervous laugh. “Right now?”

“Yes.”

“Wow. Wow! Great, um, how about at The Roaster and Coaster?” He seemed oddly relieved.

“Yes.” It was all Angelica could do to keep her emotions in check.

“Do you know how to get there?”

A pause as she thought. Truth be told, she hadn’t even been paying attention to the name of the place. “No.”

“It’s on Linden, between Cross and Oakland.”

She mentally processed this. Then, with a nod, “Okay.”

Brian laughed again, not knowing what to make of her sudden taciturnity. “Oh, wait, do you need a ride there?”

Angelica had bought her car four months earlier, a used Camry. It was temperamental, and the air conditioning was broken, but it ran. She gave a little shake of her head, unable at this point to keep the smile from dominating her cheek. She answered a barely audible “no.”

Brian’s smile widened. “Um, well, great! So, we’ll head out now and I’ll meet you there?” He began awkwardly backing towards the door, as Angelica hadn’t moved yet, but merely stood there, smiling at him. She finally managed to give a nod, taking in his eyes, his hair, his perfect smile, his broad shoulders, his tall frame. He nodded back and turned toward the door, giving one last brief glance over his shoulder at her. Ah, she was about to melt, he was so handsome.

Once he was out of sight, Angelica hurriedly made her way out of the other door in the lobby and toward her car. Her gaze was down as she sped toward her car, trying to keep from exploding before she got in. Already she couldn’t stop the smile spreading rapidly over her face as bliss bubbled up inside her. She couldn’t believe it. Just an hour earlier, her only thoughts of Brian were ones of wistful regret, and now—now she was actually going on what was, for all intents and purposes, a date. A date. With Brian. She quickened her pace.

Reaching the car, she threw Lily’s bag and her clutch into the passenger’s seat, got in, and closed the door. For a second, she merely sat there, in stunned and exhilarated silence. But then the dam broke. She threw her head back, squealing, kicking her legs and pumping her arms in unadulterated excitement. She laughed, a pure, jovial laugh of rapture, hugging herself and rocking side to side. The gale of laughter subsided, but then immediately started again as her euphoria overflowed, unable to be contained. Her smile was so wide it hurt. Finally, after nearly a minute of this, she simply sat still, spent but happy, an idiotic grin plastered on her face. She stayed like that, watching the waning light, enjoying the simple delight of breathing, of being alive.

Then, like a fly buzzing in her ear, a jolt of sudden memory startled her as she recalled that she still hadn’t washed her hands. As she remembered it, she threw her head back, eyes closed, and laughed again, a loud, side-splitting guffaw at the wonderful absurdity. Tears poured down her cheeks and her face hurt, but she didn’t care. Today was a good day, the best day she could remember for a long, long time.

###

Lily stood by herself, unsure of how to fit in. She had ridden to Aaron Donohue’s house with two classmates of hers, whom, she had to admit, she didn’t even know all that well. Conversation had been mainly between those two, and now that they had arrived, they were nowhere to be seen. The three of them had been welcomed into the house by Aaron with a generic ardor which seemed unrelated to any particular fondness he had for any of the guests. For all she knew, it made zero difference to him or anyone else here whether she were here or not. She was nothing more than another face in the yearbook, another name on the list.

Still, it was hard to complain, since being here meant free food and—hopefully eventually—fun. Lily had grabbed a paper plate and loaded it up with a variety of snack foods, filled a cup with Coke, and found a spot where she could eat. There weren’t any free seats, and the majority of the guests were standing. So, she stood close up against a wall near an indoor plant. As she nibbled the contents of her plate, she looked around, trying to find anyone she knew, at least knew well enough to talk to. A couple of fellow graduates, spotting her, gave a quick congratulations on being valedictorian with an enthusiasm which surprised her, given their lack of any real connection. Still, it helped her feel a little more at ease.

After about fifteen minutes of general mingling of those present, with the constant addition of new arrivals, Aaron Donohue himself stood on a chair and yelled to get everyone’s attention. Despite his raised voice, Lily still couldn’t make out what he was saying very closely. The gist that she derived, more or less, was something along the lines of thank-you-for-coming-and-please-don’t-break-anything, followed by a zealous toast to the class. Lily had finished her Coke by now and went for a refill. As she did so, she nearly bumped into someone else at the refreshments table. Looking over with an “excuse me,” she saw it was River Sanders, a friend of hers in the class. Recognition lit up both their faces, and they went in for a hug.

“Lily! Hi! Congratulations!” She squeezed Lily tightly.

“Thanks! Congrats to you too!”

“Haha, thanks, but I meant for being valedictorian. You gave a great speech!”

“Oh, haha. Thanks.” Lily found herself blushing, remembering what she had been going through during her address—and, more importantly, what had been going through her.

“Hey, you don’t need to be modest. I’m serious. You did a great job.”

A slight lull followed, pregnant with the melancholy of knowing that inevitable change lay before them. Lily was about to ask some kind of question about what River would be doing for the summer when River lowered her voice and leaned in. “Hey, guess what.” Without waiting for Lily’s response, she continued. “Aaron’s older brother was able to sneak us in a keg. It’s kept hidden in the garage.”

“A keg? Like…of beer?”

River laughed conspiratorially. “Yeah. Want me to go get you some?”

Lily had never had beer before, though not out of a devotion to legality. Rather, she tended not to be invited to the kinds of places where alcohol was readily available to the underage. Faced with the opportunity now, and feeling a sense of liberation and adolescence from having graduated an hour earlier, she nodded, giggling mischievously. River winked at her and slipped away into the crowd.

Two minutes later, she showed up again, carefully holding two red Solo cups. Extending her arm, she held one out for Lily. Taking the cold, condensation-laden plastic in her hand, Lily peered inquisitively inside. A pale, amber-colored liquid was suspended within, effervescing enticingly, with flecks of foam floating around the surface, nearly sloshing over the brim. Lily stared at it for a few seconds, fascinated.

River winked again. “Bottoms up.” She then proceeded to down the entire cup in one draught. Lily, smiling devilishly, put the cup to her lips and sipped. Almost immediately she gagged on the surprisingly yeasty bitterness and accidentally inhaled. This led to coughing and sputtering fit as she tried to keep from spewing the beer all over the floor. She simultaneously tried to suppress it, not wanting to look like a lightweight.

River laughed. “It’s something else, huh?” Lily nodded, still clutching her chest as her eyes watered. “Just try it slowly at first, and you’ll get used to it.”

Lily gave it a shot and managed the first cup. By the time she had gotten to the bottom, it didn’t seem quite as nasty as when she’d begun, and she felt a certain self-satisfaction at imbibing an “adult beverage.” She burped as River, watching her reaction, asked, “So, whaddaya think?”

Lily looked at her empty cup, then back at River. “Let’s go get some more.”

The two giggling ingenues slipped away from the general party into the forbidden, very much grown-up area in the garage. They walked in to find it more densely populated than Lily expected. Even though there was no music here, and it was only lit by a single bulb in the ceiling, there were teenagers lining the walls and out the open door. Lily was a bit taken aback. Here her fellow classmates were not just drinking beer, but also smoking cigarettes, sharing joints, and couples were making out. Her impish smile faded, and she suddenly just wanted to get out, go back to where things were safe, where she wouldn’t get caught up in anything she’d regret. Before she had a chance to voice any of these concerns to River, though, or even make a move on her own, one of the senior guys spotted her and announced loudly, “Hey, look! The valedictorian’s here!”

In an instant everyone’s attention was glued to Lily. Somehow, the fact that she, the top of the class, would come to where they, the party animals and lowlifes, would hang out, seemed to make her something of a celebrity. In an instant she was handed a beer bottle. The students all watched with rapt curiosity as she took a swig, evidently astonished that she didn’t immediately spit it out. The next thing she knew, she was also offered a drag of weed (she refused), and at least three guys were surrounding her, asking about her and making jokes with faces full of prurient, rakish attention. She was totally unused to this kind of treatment and found she couldn’t stop smiling. Then one of the guys by her asked if she’d ever played beer pong.

Lily shook her head. “No, what is it?”

The guys around her all looked at each other with bemused glee. The one who had asked her in the first place patted her arm and said, “Here. Let me show you.”

###

The last of the daylight was almost totally gone by the time Angelica arrived at The Roaster and Coaster. As she pulled into the parking lot, she hoped that Brian hadn’t been waiting too long, assuming he was here. She realized she didn’t actually know what car he had. Pulling into an empty spot, she turned off her headlights and engine, grabbed her clutch, and stepped out. The night breeze was noticeably cooler, but not cold.

As she neared the doors to the coffee shop, she was glad to see that Brian was standing just inside, watching through the glass for her. As she approached, he used one arm to swing open the door for her. She gave him a quick little flirtatious “thank you” as she passed the threshold. Once inside, she could take in the atmosphere. The most prominent sensation, naturally, was the rich aroma of ground coffee beans. It hung in the air with a soothing, velvety warmth, which was only enhanced by the décor. Angelica breathed in a gasp of wonder. Almost every surface that she could see was paneled with wood, ranging from roughly hewn to very roughly hewn, causing the lambent golden glow from the few lights in the ceiling to draw the whole ambience close together, like huddling tightly in a log cabin. It felt cozy and safe, and Angelica instinctively wanted to nuzzle herself close to Brian.

They stepped up to the counter and Brian turned to her. “What do you want? I’m paying.” Angelica faced him, smiling on one side at this display of gallantry. When she didn’t immediately answer, he continued. “I usually get the dark Colombian roast with milk. I hear that their cinnamon latte is really good, too, though.”

Angelica gave a nod of confidence. “I’ll get that, then. Only, decaf, please. I don’t want to be up all night.”

Brian chuckled a bit and then gave the order to the barista, a middle-aged man, who Angelica guessed was the owner. As Brian purchased their coffees, she let her gaze rove around the shop. There were only a handful of other patrons here at the moment, most likely because of the time of day. Each seemed to be engrossed in their own business, however, which made Angelica feel more at ease. She was antsy enough about being here with Brian, alone, and the less aware she could be of other people, or rather, the less aware they were of her, the better.

Once he had finished the transaction, Brian led Angelica over to a little niche in the corner of the shop, dimly lit by an antique lamp on the table. Both of them sat, then didn’t speak for a few seconds, causing Angelica to laugh nervously again out of awkwardness. Brian laughed as well, then spoke up. “Well, Angelica, I guess I asked you to coffee because I wanted to catch up.”

“Catch up?”

“Yeah. I mean, we used to talk more, but then we kind of stopped. I just mean I miss it. I, I miss…it. It was nice talking to you.”

Angelica felt abashed. He had no idea how much she loved it too, but then—then the affair at the amusement park had happened. She lowered her gaze, feeling remorseful.

Brian was about to say something else when his name was called from the counter. As he stood to retrieve their drinks, Angelica took stock of her feelings. Did she still like Brian? Yes, yes she did. Very much so. Could he like her back? Maybe. So far he hadn’t rejected her. So what was the problem? Yes, she had made a mistake in letting her thoughts get skewed by an artificial sexual bond…but should that mistake hold her back? Weren’t mistakes things to learn from and not do again, rather than catalysts for further and further mistakes? Was she really going to let her own misstep ruin her chances with Brian, especially since he knew nothing about it?

As these questions blazed through her head in an instant and Brian began returning to the table, Angelica summoned her willpower to make an earnest resolution that nothing but a clear rejection from him would make her lose her nerve afresh. She was not going to let him slip out of her life again. This determination must have been visible on her face, because when he sat and handed her her latte, Brian saw her expression and asked, “What is it?”

Angelica hadn’t noticed, but she had evidently been staring holes in him. She caught herself, blushed slightly, and answered, “Nothing.” Turning her attention to her cup, she inhaled the redolent vapors steaming off the surface. Then she faced Brian again and asked, “Where should I start?”

###

Lily was having fun, no doubt—at least, she was pretty sure she was. Jay—that had been the name of the first cute boy—had shown her how to play beer pong before proceeding to trounce her thoroughly at it. They had started with ten cups each, and she had only gotten two of his before he finished off all of hers. By the time she had downed her fourth cup, she had begun to feel a little lightheaded, and after her eighth, River gave her a cup of water and said that maybe she should take a little break. Lily had found she needed to put more and more active focus into standing straight. Once she had drunk the water, she felt better enough to stand up and put Jay in his place. But for some strange reason, her ping-pong ball kept flying wide of the target. They must have given her a dud.

It also seemed as though everyone around her was finding her enormously funny, for some reason. She wasn’t doing anything unusual, or different from how she normally acted. It was everyone else who were the funny ones! After she had been made to drink her tenth and last cup of beer, she had gone to take her turn and get one of Jay’s cups, but then he said that the game was over, and she just could not stop laughing at that. It was something about how he said it—it wasn’t funny unless you could have been there. And then the lights couldn’t seem to stay still, and she thought she had better sit again.

River came over and put her arm on Lily’s shoulder. “Hey, Lily, maybe you should take a break for a little bit, huh?” Lily looked up at her to see her face bearing an expression of concern mingled with amusement. Then when she tried to say something in reply, she burped and burst out giggling again. River just laughed lightly as well and stood there, letting Lily lean against her. After a minute or so, she left and came back with another cup of water. After Lily finished drinking it, she sat still for a few minutes, trying to get her equilibrium back.

As she sat there, feeling oddly warm and woozy, her wobbly gaze drifted over the room again. River had been the only person in here with her that she had known, at least, known well. Most of the others here (though it was hard to make her eyes focus) she recognized as being the troubled and troublemaking kids in her class. Wait, was that who she was hanging out with now? She had a sudden alarmed thought that she shouldn’t be here, she shouldn’t be associating with this crowd, doing whatever this crowd did. She made what felt to her like an abrupt move to stand up and leave, but attempting to do so made her head spin, and she sat down again with a moan.

Settling once more into her chair, her stare unexpectedly landed on a face she actually did recognize. Standing off in one of the corners, puffing on a cigarette half outside in the night, was Sam.

Lily’s face fell. She and Sam had been in the same class, but it was big enough that they had never had to cross paths. Which was something Lily hadn’t ever wanted to do, ever since the one time when they had, several years back. The two of them had worked together on a hayride at an annual harvest festival, and when Lily had needed to pee, Sam had teased her until she wet her pants. She was sure that Sam had told everyone about it at their school, only bolstering the rumors about her proclivity towards incontinence.

Now, seeing her again, Lily realized that all the drinks she had had up to now had to go somewhere, and her bladder was filling. She leaned forward and began to raise herself, more delicately this time, to go find a bathroom. But then Jay and one of the other two guys were standing there, right in front of her.

“Hey, Lily, how’re you feeling? Can I get you another drink?” Jay’s face looked almost too eager.

“Uhhh, no, prob’ly not.” Lily had to focus on forming her words. She wanted to go pee, but felt a little too bashful to tell Jay.

“Well, listen, a bunch of us are gonna head back to the school for our senior prank. You wanna come?”

Lily tried to process his words. “What’s…a senior prank?”

The other guy shared an elfin grin with Jay, then spoke up. “It’s where we all go pull some kind of prank that would probably get us expelled, but it’s too late ’cause we’ve already graduated.”

Lily still felt unsteady on her feet, and she could feel her bladder filling even more, but now both of the cute guys were smiling at her, and she could feel herself blushing. Besides, it sounded like fun. When was she ever one to turn down adventure? She smiled back, a giggle percolating from her mouth, and answered, “Sure! Sounds fun!”

Jay put his hand on her arm. “Great! I’ll make sure you get a ride with someone.”

Lily giggled again, momentarily touching his shoulder back. As he walked off, flashing her another smile as he did so, Lily told herself that she’d use a bathroom when they got back. She had never been invited to do something with the “cool kids” before, and it felt good. Standing there excitedly but swaying slightly, she looked over at River, who was by the door into the house. River was watching her with a face that looked increasingly worried. What was that for? Lily felt annoyed and turned and looked back toward Sam. Sam was also looking at her now, though with a scowl like icy daggers.

###

Angelica laughed as she came close to finishing her mocha. After her latte, when it felt like their conversation only just getting started, Brian offered to get her another coffee. When he said he had always been curious to try their mocha, Angelica elected to get it so he could have a sip. He, on the other hand, had barely touched his own coffee. Maybe he wasn’t that thirsty.

By now, once the initial coarse attempts at conversation had been overcome, the two of them had settled into an easy groove of banter. Angelica’s earlier excitement and nervousness about this time feeling like a date had melted away into comfortable familiarity. It was like what their phone conversations used to be like. She had told him about how business classes were going, and he had elaborated on his plans for the summer. It felt less like what she imagined a date would feel like and more like spending time with a friend, albeit a friend she was attracted to. But that was only at the periphery of her thoughts.

Something else that was at the edges of her awareness but was steadily encroaching was the effects the coffee was having on her. Despite the fact that she had almost wet herself earlier that day—or possibly because of that—her bladder felt more sensitive to being filled. Besides, wasn’t coffee a…whatever the word was for the thing that makes you pee? She was sure she had heard that was the case. It was fine, though. They were in a coffee shop and a toilet was just a demure excuse and brief intermission away. Right now, Brian was telling her a story from trade school of the time a classmate had almost lit his shirt on fire with a soldering iron. He was a natural storyteller, and Angelica listened, captivated.

Brian sighed as he brought his anecdote to a close. “It’s great to talk to you again, Angie. Sorry, Angelica. Do—do you mind if I call you Angie? I guess I haven’t asked.”

Angelica smiled, one corner of her mouth lifting. “Yes, of course. I, I mean, no, no, I don’t mind. You can call me Angie. I—I like it.” You can call me whatever you want and I’ll like it.

Brian smiled. “Thanks. I guess I’ve wanted to call you that for a long time, but I didn’t know if it would be out of place or something. I just—I don’t know, I think I always just felt more comfortable, more…familiar around you. Like you were my little sister.”

Angelica had to struggle to keep from reacting to that comment. Little sister? Is that how he saw her? Despite her efforts to keep the shock and disappointment from registering in her face, her eyes must have flashed, because Brian immediately closed his eyes and put a hand on his forehead in chagrin. “Ah, no. That came out wrong. Not like you were my sister. Just…more like…I don’t know, it just always felt good to be around you, and to know you were doing well. That’s why I was happy when you started texting me out of the blue. I had been wanting to get back in touch, but I didn’t know if it would seem too…I don’t know, creepy?”

Angelica tittered, partly from Brian’s awkwardness and mostly from relief. “I think I get it. Thanks for clarifying.” She exaggerated the last part, laughing again. “I always liked being around you, too.” Oops, was that too much? But Brian had said the same thing, hadn’t he? She wanted to be careful to not go further than he did in expressing how she felt, but it was a precarious line to toe. And now her need to pee was greater, and maybe she should just excuse herself.

Just then, though, Brian scooted his chair closer to hers and leaned towards her. He didn’t speak right away, but the air between them felt suddenly hushed, as if the conversation were about to turn toward something of portentous significance, and Angelica found herself moving closer in response, waiting for him to say something. He looked down, then up, then around, seeming to ponder his words. As he struggled to begin, Angelica watched him intently, amazed again at how handsome he was, her feelings for him quickly becoming central in her consciousness again. In a moment, the atmosphere had shifted towards one of joyful solemnity, and it felt much closer to Angelica’s idea of what a date would feel like. She waited patiently for him to find his voice. Say it, Brian. Tell me what you really feel.

His eyes made contact with hers and he laughed nervously. “I, I’m glad we could spend some time catching up together, Angelica—Angie.” He smiled at her.

She returned his smile, staring deep into his eyes. Don’t be afraid, Brian. Show me where your heart lies. “I am too.”

Their eyes held each other with a magnetic intensity, communicating wordlessly. Angelica subtly licked her lips in anticipation. She was almost absolutely sure that the romantic tension she felt was mutual, and nearing a breaking point. In response to her excitement, though, her bladder began constricting involuntarily, and she had to actively squeeze her muscles to keep from releasing a spurt. Time seemed to stretch out and condense all of her existence into this moment, heightening her senses. She was aware of every mottled variation in Brian’s irises, the hiss of the espresso machine off by the bar, the sensation of her black dress hanging on her shoulders, and, unfortunately, the feeling of her practically-dry-by-now panties pressing up against her sphincter, which was at the brink of treacherous release. She felt more alive than she could ever remember, yet at the same time, on the verge of panic.

Suddenly Brian seemed to lose his nerve and pulled back, clearing his throat. Angelica also straightened, trying not to feel crestfallen. Now that that was over, maybe she should actually go use the bathroom. She lifted her cup to her lips, first finishing off her mocha.

But then Brian spoke. “Hey, I’ve got an idea. I know a place I’d like to show you.”

Angelica swallowed her coffee and placed the cup down. “Really? Where?”

Brian’s eyes twinkled. Even if he had only suggested it to break the tension, he nonetheless appeared legitimately excited. “It’s a surprise.” When Angelica raised an eyebrow, he continued. “Don’t worry, it’s nothing sketchy or anything. But I can show you once we get there. It’s probably only about fifteen minutes from here.” His face was full of adventure.

Angelica eyed him for a moment in mock suspicion. “All right, I’m down. Lead on, sir knight.”

Brian grinned wider and stood. “Great! So…I’ll drive and you follow me? Or do you…want to ride with me?”

Angelica considered for a moment. “I’ll follow in my car.” Better safe than sorry.

Brian rubbed his hands together excitedly and began heading for the door. As Angelica followed him, he opened it for her and she strolled through, smirking coquettishly as she passed him. He walked to his car—a gray Kia two spaces down from hers—and called out, “I’ll try not to drive too fast.”

Angelica slid into her own car and started the engine, watching out her side window for Brian’s car to exit the parking lot first so she could go after. It was only after they had both driven out and gotten on the freeway that she remembered she still hadn’t peed. Shifting in her seat, she frowned. Hopefully there would be a toilet where they were going.

###

Lily was squished, along with four others, in the back seat of a Honda Civic. At least three of them were skinny girls, like herself. But the fourth was a guy she had never seen before, and one of the girls had to sit on his lap. He had his hands on her thighs, which kept making her laugh drunkenly and slap them away. Lily guessed they were boyfriend and girlfriend? At least she hoped they were. She imagined if she had had to be the one to sit on some guy’s lap and what that would be like. It would probably feel super awkward, having some guy’s crotch pressed up against your butt. Maybe it would be different if it were Jay…but Jay wasn’t in this car, to her disappointment.

The loud revelry in the car, the cramped quarters, the various smells of alcohol and marijuana and tobacco were all exacerbating her queasiness from the beer she’d drunk. She wanted to be a part of the voluble interactions surrounding her, but right now she was mostly concentrating on burping out some of the pressure in her stomach, trying very hard to keep from bringing anything else up with it. Not to mention she had to pee pretty bad by now. Her hips were squeezed in tightly between the girls on either side of her, making it difficult to squirm in her seat as her bladder bulged out against the waist of her shorts. Not a single seatbelt was fastened.

She knew that they were evidently headed back to the school building, which thankfully was not far from Aaron’s house, judging by how short of a ride it had been to get there after graduation. Her concentration was vacillating between keeping the liquid inside at one end and keeping it inside at the other. She didn’t want to think about what it would be like if she suddenly had to lurch over and puke on the floor, but she felt even more fearful of peeing herself. She could imagine losing control with a whimper, her hot urine flooding her shorts, unnoticed by the other occupants until it spread out over the seat and got their rear ends wet, too. All the better that she wasn’t the one sitting on a guy’s lap.

The utterly mortifying thought of soaking her pants on top of him, with his undoubtedly enraged reaction once he realized what was happening, but her inability to stop or get off, instead having to totally empty herself all over his groin—she couldn’t conceive of anything more humiliating. She could feel her face go red with hypothetical embarrassment, then she abruptly belched as the thought made her insides tighten. With one hand, she covered her mouth, careful to keep anything but air from escaping, and with the other, she quickly grabbed her crotch and squeezed. She had to think of something else.

To her relief, it was at that moment that the car turned into the parking lot of the school. As it pulled into an empty spot near the extreme side of the building and turned off, all the passengers were able to vacate their sardine can and stretch. Lily stood slowly, still feeling lightheaded and carsick, and gulped down the fresh air greedily. At least her head was a little clearer by now. Two other cars were nearby, having apparently only arrived a little before hers, and evidently just as full. The group of twenty-some-odd graduates was starting to gather loosely together.

Lily glanced around. The parking lot was nearly deserted, a pronounced change from its overly crowded state only a few hours earlier. The building also was dark and abandoned, all the vigor from the day and indeed the past school year having dissipated into quiescent estivation. It seemed so surreal, that just days before this was where their daily life centered—tests, papers, subjects, all learning, learning, learning—and now they were free. The world was open before them, and anything seemed possible. She thought back to her valedictory address and how she had earned it, thought about all the hard work put in and how it had paid off. And now look where she was. Drunk, hanging out with a bunch of the delinquent kids, about to do something potentially illegal, and to top it off, on the verge of peeing herself. For the second time that day. She crossed her legs tightly and took a deep breath.

But hold on. Was it really as bad as all that? After all, she had put in a bunch of hours, nose to the grindstone, working her tail off. She earned being valedictorian? Darn right, she did. Well, then she earned a night off, too. She’d impressed everyone, including herself; she could let her hair down for one night. Gosh, with all those dour contemplations of gloom, she had been sounding almost like Angie. A single night of partying wouldn’t ruin her life. As long as mom doesn’t find out, at least. She chuckled to herself at that last thought.

As she laughed off the inchoate and still nascent concerns before they could mature, she felt a lessening of the pressure in her bladder also. A quick gasp and hand to the crotch allayed suspicions of having started to pee involuntarily. In her tipsy state, she wasn’t sure if she would feel a loss of bladder control. But no, everything was still perfectly dry, and she was feeling good. Could it really be that the secret to urinary continence all this time was simply to not worry about it? Boy, wouldn’t that be great! Just don’t worry about it. She smiled daftly to herself. Tonight’s gonna be my don’t-worry-about-it night. Silly old Angie. Where has worrying ever gotten you?

She was still on the outskirts of the teenagers, who had formed a diffuse crowd by one of the cars. They were now busy carousing and smoking, and Lily wondered if any of them had actually come up with a prank to pull, or if this were just a place where they could keep partying. After standing by herself for close to half a minute, hands in her back pockets, she was approached by Jay. He had apparently come in one of the earlier carpools.

“Hey, Lily, you want another drink?” He held out a beer bottle to her.

Lily hesitated for a split second. Sure, he was cute, but was this the only way he knew how to converse? Then she remembered her mantra for tonight. Don’t worry about it. Oh, yeah. She grinned back at him and accepted the bottle from his hand, taking a swig. Her vision was still a little blurry around the edges, though, so she eased up, figuring it would be better to pace herself. Jay hovered close by her, his free hand occasionally brushing the side of her arm. She didn’t pull away.

“You’re, like, pretty cool, Lily. I didn’t think the top of our class would know how to party.”

Lily giggled and touched her face, blushing. “Yeah, well, me neither before tonight!”

“Yeah, so, like, me and you should hang out. Maybe you could help me study.”

Lily laughed and hit him playfully on the arm. “We just graduated, silly!”

Jay laughed with her but didn’t clarify what he meant. Instead he just stood there, his fingers lightly caressing her elbow, watching with a keen expression as she took another sip of beer.

Just then, one of the senior guys stood up on the trunk of one of the cars and cupped his hands over his mouth. “Hey! Everyone follow me! We’re gonna go streaking on the football field!”

This was met with various incoherent cheers from the rest of the youth, though Lily had a feeling they would have cheered at almost anything by this point. En masse, the crowd started trailing after the leader, leaving their cars and walking in the grass along the side of the building. Once they reached the corner, he removed his shoes and socks, then emptied his pockets, leaving a pile close up by the brick wall of the school. Then, with an exaggerated sensual gyration, he began to remove his shirt. His bare chest didn’t look exceptionally well-defined, at least to Lily’s estimation, but that didn’t stop a chorus of bawdy catcalls emanating from the rest of her classmates. After tossing his shirt with the rest of his things, he unbuttoned his jeans, bent over, flashed an irreverent grin to his spectators, and removed pants and underwear in one smooth motion. As he stood up straight in all his glory, a cacophony of whistles, hoots, and guffaws rang out from his audience.

Lily dropped her eyes, turning red. Sure, maybe this was just a bit of harmless fun, but she had never seen a naked guy before, and she felt uncomfortable, even though she wasn’t the unclothed one. Still, everyone else seemed okay with it, so how bad could it be? She cautiously lifted her gaze again, letting it linger on the space between his legs. It was one thing to see diagrams in a textbook, but there was the real thing. Then she suddenly realized that her mouth was hanging open and she snapped it shut, blushing anew.

By this time, another one of the guys was undressing, and so was one of the girls. She appeared to enjoy teasing everyone watching her with her amateur peep show, bending over at the waist with her bottom swaying salaciously toward the horny guys as she pulled off her pants. She then straightened, unstrapped her bra, and looked over her shoulder at the crowd, arching her back so her rear end stuck out and holding her arms over her chest. The thirsty cries from her oglers reached a crescendo as she turned and held her arms behind her head, letting her breasts drop on clear display. Lily subconsciously crossed her arms in front of her own chest, amazed at the brazenness of her classmates.

Now that the first guys and first girl had taken the plunge, more began to join them. These newcomers didn’t bother with putting on a show; they merely quickly and efficiently removed their clothing, making piles of their own by the wall. Those who had already undressed by now had started sprinting off across the football field, which was still brightly illuminated by its all-night floodlights.

Jay put his hand on Lily’s arm and turned to her. “Hey, you wanna join them?”

Lily didn’t know how to respond. Even she wasn’t that daring. “I, uh, I don’t know…”

Jay laughed. “Come on. It’ll be fun. What’s the worst that could happen?” Then he gave her that grin of his again, his eyes quickly going down and up her body. “You’ve got nothing to be embarrassed about. You’re pretty hot, you know that?”

Lily blinked in surprise. Her, hot? She had always thought of herself as too reedy to be considered conventionally attractive. Maybe a 5/10, tops, but she was skinny and her breasts were on the smaller side. Did he really think so? She found herself blushing in spite of herself.

Jay laughed again. “I’ll join you. You don’t want to leave me out there by myself, do you?”

Lily giggled nervously, then took another swallow of beer. She had to admit, she wanted to see what Jay would look like without any clothes on. Besides, it wasn’t as if she’d be the only one out there. Don’t worry about it. She scrunched up her mouth in momentary deliberation, then smiled widely. “Sure, let’s do it!”

Jay gave her a wink, and they both set about the task of disrobing. She could hear the sound of the other seniors, about fifteen in total, already on the field, whooping impiously. Taking one last swig from her bottle, she set it down on the grass, then pulled her phone out of her back pocket and placed it on the ground as well.

She was just about to start untying her shoes when a bright beam of light shot in their direction from the far end of the parking lot. A loud voice yelled angrily from its source. “Hey! What are you doing?” Lily’s heart lodged in her throat and stopped at the same time. They had been caught. She was immediately on her feet again, but then she froze, not knowing what to do, her brain overwhelmed with alarm. The light was wobbling erratically, no doubt meaning that the person holding it was approaching, and fast. With assorted shrieks and chaotic shouts, the seniors scattered like cockroaches, most not even stopping to grab their clothes.

With their prank now having collapsed into total disorder, the unwise juveniles ran every which way, with no coherent thought about what to do. Lily, seeing everyone else take off, likewise bolted, not knowing where she was going. Jay was no longer anywhere to be seen. She thought that maybe he would be by the parking lot, or maybe someone would be there who could drive them away, away to safety. She sprinted back the way they had come, even though it was towards their spotter. If she could just round the corner before he was upon her, maybe she could still escape.

As soon as she was back on the concrete of the lot, she angled sharply away from the light. To her dismay, she could see no one by the cars they had taken to get there. It didn’t matter anymore. Right now, the only thing she had to do was run, keep running, not get caught. Terror seized her as she rushed pell-mell through the empty parking lot, limbs jerking wildly, uncoordinated by fear and by alcohol. Her vision was beginning to blur, both with exertion and with the frightened tears now spilling out over her face. She had been so stupid to come here tonight. Now they were all going to get caught and go to jail for underage drinking. What was she going to do?

She didn’t stop until she found herself clear on the other side of the parking lot, facing grass again. Panting and gasping, she stopped by a car parked near the edge, one of the few that had still been there when they had arrived. She looked out at the field of grass that extended beyond, going out to the main road. Where could she go now?

A hiss off to her side made her yelp and jump. She turned her head, startled, to see a figure huddled behind the car. The shadowy person suddenly reached up and grabbed her arm, yanking her forcefully down to the pavement. Lily tried to pull away and get back up, but then she saw in the dark a familiar face. It was Sam, now whispering feverish admonitions for silence, leaning in close to Lily with a finger in front of her lips. Lily hadn’t even seen Sam come with the rest of them. Still breathless and panicked, she immediately began blubbering half-formed questions interspersed with sobs.

Sam responded by reaching over and clapping a hand over Lily’s mouth. “Shut up! Shut up, Lily! You’re gonna get us both caught!” Lily tried to breathe, tried to quell her crying, but she was still shaking severely. In addition, her need to pee from earlier was now returning with a vengeance, and she could feel her bladder quivering with anxiety. She clenched her muscles, trying to stay in control, her thighs tensing up all the way down to her knees.

In the dark, though, her muffled weeping was the only sound beside the crickets and night breeze. The earlier commotion and the person who had found them—probably a faculty member—couldn’t be heard at all. Lily had run the whole length of the parking lot, and Sam had come just as far—could it be that they had gotten away? At least both of them still had their clothes on. Was the coast clear enough for them to disappear into the night, unnoticed? Lily’s tears began to abate slightly as her fear loosened its grip.

Sam evidently had the same idea and raised herself up from her crouch to survey the parking lot, letting go of Lily’s mouth. Lily inhaled deeply through her mouth and wiped her nose, sniffling. If no one was out there, they could simply leave. Then she remembered dolefully that she didn’t have her cell phone with her. Could she wait nearby and come get it when it was safe to do so? Or…would it be found and traced back to her, landing her in trouble anyway? Could that even be done?

But before these thoughts could be answered, Sam dropped low, breathing out an adrenaline-fueled exhalation. She whispered, the barely audible whisper of the escaped convict, “Crap! It’s the principal. He’s right over there. What is he still doing here?”

As soon as it had started to lessen, Lily’s fear surged back with a vengeance, electrifying every nerve and setting her hair on end. Her breathing and heartrate quickened, and her eyes welled up with tears again. Against her will, a sob burst out, making Sam clamp a frenzied hand over her mouth again, sternly shushing her. In her scared and miserable state, Lily could feel her bladder tightening and pain shooting throughout her lower abdomen and crotch. She really wished that she had peed before coming here, or better yet, that she hadn’t come here at all.

###

After a few minutes alone in the car, with nothing to think about except her filling bladder and eager anticipation of where they were going (which only accentuated her filling bladder), Angelica began to worry. They had gotten off the freeway only two exits after getting on, but now he was leading her on a dark and deserted rural road in the middle of absolute nowhere. She had no idea what could be around here that Brian would want to show her, which meant that either the trip would be longer than he said, or else there probably wouldn’t be restrooms. Neither option felt very comforting at the moment. It didn’t help that he was driving slower than normal to make sure she could follow.

As it turned out, though, Brian had been right about the spot being no more than fifteen minutes away. Without warning, he turned on his hazard lights and slowed even more. Angelica checked her rearview mirror instinctively to make sure nobody was behind them, even though the entire surroundings were dark as far as she could see. After they both decreased speed to nearly a crawl, he finally pulled off onto the gravel shoulder and turned off his engine. Angelica did the same and sat, craning her neck to try to see anything at all. All that greeted her gaze was the full moon illuminating rows of woods on either side. Where were they?

Brian was now out of his car and approaching her window, his face still beaming. Angelica immediately felt his infectious enthusiasm start to seep into her as well, only amplified by her feelings for him. But part of her still held back. What was this place, after all? Her bladder pulsed and tensed inside her, and she rolled down her window halfway and tried to ask in a manner that wouldn’t sound too accusatory. “Where are we, Brian?”

In response, he merely straightened up and stared off into the trees, pointing. She squinted in the direction he was looking, but couldn’t see anything. Her face of confusion as she turned back toward him elicited a laugh. “Come on, Angie, I’ll show you!”

Tentatively, she opened her door and stepped out onto the gravelly dirt. She could feel her urine sloshing as she stood, and she bit on her tongue to keep from wincing. Whatever this place was, she knew she definitely couldn’t stay long. Mincing delicately after him towards the trees, she wrapped her arms around herself, a chilly night breeze now blowing through the starlit sky. He stopped about ten feet off from the road and stood still, facing into the woods. She walked up beside him, still hugging herself. Her eyes were adjusting to the dark, and other than seeing that the ground dropped off sharply into a basin a few feet further, she couldn’t tell what he was looking at. She suppressed a shiver and clenched her thighs together.

“See, it’s down there.” He extended his arm again, trying to help her see. She leaned forward, straining to catch what he was pointing at, all the while discreetly wiggling her leg to keep her mind off her need to pee. She could see the woods stretching out into the depression beside the road, and farther off, through the trees, faint lights off another road…but then, closer to them, at the bottom of the embankment, she could make out tiny shimmers, like light on water. And then, all at once, she could tell that it was the moonlight reflecting off a medium-sized body of water, like a fishing lake.

She turned back to Brian, who had a look of impish amusement on his face. She didn’t even ask a question; the shake she gave her head combined with the look of bafflement did that for her. He had brought her out of civilization to show her…a pond?

He laughed again, good-naturedly. “That,” he said, nodding toward the water, “is the lake I never got to show you.” When it was clear by her expression that she wasn’t following, he continued. “Those years ago, at Collins Farms. Remember? That was the first real time we got to spend together.”

Angelica was astonished. She stood there, gazing at him in amazement. He recalled that day…fondly? And enough to actually bring her back after all this time to fulfill a high school promise? That was the day she thought she had ruined her chances with him. Her throat and lips suddenly felt dry, and she swallowed. When she spoke, her voice was barely more than a cracked whisper. “You—you remember that?”

He nodded, the lighthearted gaiety in his face transforming into something more profound, taking on a depth of maturity. The seriousness in his countenance did nothing to diminish the happiness in his eyes, however; on the contrary, it enhanced it, solidifying it and crystallizing it into something realer—something like joy. It was as if she could see the puppy love from when they were kids metamorphose into actual, genuine, authentic…

And then her bladder tensed up again and she was snapped out of the moment. Crap. Why now? Something big, something lifechanging was happening here, and she really didn’t want to have to cut it short. As best as she could without drawing attention to herself, she clenched her sphincter, tightening her butt muscles, and crossed one ankle over the other.

Brian spoke, facing the lake again, the night wind ruffling his hair. “Yeah, this is the closest we can get to it, unfortunately. I meant to show it to you for real back then. I thought it would be special. But then we got lost, and…you…” He trailed off, leaving her to fill in the blanks. What he left out was that they had gotten lost when she really needed to use the bathroom, and she had ended up wetting her pants. Just perfect. She could have had this conversation at any other time. Why did it have to be now, when she had to pee again? She could feel the tingling sparks of stinging desperation in her lower abdomen and wished she could sit down, at least.

As she stood there biting on her lip, she must have been fidgeting visibly, because Brian suddenly noticed and turned back to her again. “Oh. Here.” In one smooth motion he removed his charcoal suit jacket and wrapped it around Angelica’s shoulders. He must have assumed she was shivering with cold. She should be so lucky. And now she was reminded of the first (and only) time she had worn Brian’s jacket, and it was that same day at the harvest festival, right after she had peed her pants.

Here she was again, at the lake, with Brian, wearing his jacket—her thoughts went back to what she had been contemplating during the graduation ceremony, the strange connection between Brian and her accidents; and then they went further back, back to the year before, at the Davises’ house, where she had peed herself in a bizarre pantomime of earlier incidents. Twice. Was this going to be the same? As apprehension began polluting her brain, she could feel her urine weighing heavily inside her, stretching her bladder painfully. No. That time at the harvest festival, she had felt too timorous to be decisive, instead merely passively seeing where things went. She wouldn’t just stand here and do the same. It was time to be resolute.

“Brian,” she said, her tone even and almost with a hint of sovereign dignity, “why don’t you tell me why you really brought me here?”

###

Lily sat, trembling and petrified, against the car. Tears were still flowing from her eyes and sobs catching in her throat, unable to be held back. Sam held her hand firmly over Lily’s mouth, keeping her as quiet as she could, and occasionally raised herself up from her crouch to peer through the car window out at the parking lot. Every time she did, she would immediately duck back down again, letting Lily know that the coast was decidedly not clear yet. For her own part, Lily stayed huddled, sweat breaking out on her brow, eyes darting to and fro in terrified suspense.

Her bladder was pulsing incessantly inside her by now. She could feel her pee drumming up against her quivering sphincter, demanding release. As she shook harder in panic, her bladder convulsed rebelliously, threatening to mutiny against her rapidly abating willpower. She had to hold on, though. She couldn’t wet her pants in front of Sam, not again.

Sam was about to hazard a glance out again when Lily moaned slightly louder than normal through Sam’s hand. Sam leaned in close and whispered harshly, “Shut up! Just shut up! We can’t let him know we’re here! We have to stay quiet until he leaves!” Lily tried, but she was still bawling in fear, hot tears pouring out over her cheeks and down Sam’s white knuckles. Her urine was throbbing inside her. Sam looked out again before suddenly ducking low, lower than she had before. Despite her blunt pushiness, Lily could hear the quaver in Sam’s voice. “Oh no, no, no, he’s coming this way.”

Lily whimpered and cried harder, the alcohol in her system rendering her unstrung with terror. Even though her mouth was still covered, she began blubbering hysterics. “They’re gonna throw us in jail for drinking…we’re gonna go to jail and prob’ly get beaten up and molested or something…what’re we gonna do?”

None of these words, of course, were discernable through Sam’s hand, but Sam nonetheless hissed back, “Shut up! Stop making noise!”

Lily shivered even more violently, her bladder tensing up involuntarily inside her and her intestines churning forebodingly. She gripped her crotch with both hands and squeezed her thighs together, her knees bent and drawn up to her chest. Visions of police cars and handcuffs and prison bars flashed through her head, and she felt woozy. She imagined the principal finding them, and standing in front of him—and then later, in front of a cop—with pee pouring down her legs, unable to be contained any longer by her. She squeezed harder, trying to stave off the inevitable, but knowing it was impossible. “I’m gonna wet myself,” she half moaned, half sobbed, “Oh my gosh, oh my gosh, I’m gonna pee myself…I’m peeing my pants…”

She continued to tremble fiercely as a loud hissing began to resound from her crotch. Even though she was clutching herself as tightly as she could with both hands, she could feel the hot urine warming her underwear and shorts and spraying shamefully through her fingers. Closing her eyes and crying louder, she found the sensation of the wet fabric around her private parts to be eroding her resolve and causing her mind to revert to a sense of subconscious infantilism and her body to primal instinct.

Her inhibitions gave way, and the next thing she knew, she was peeing freely into her panties, and hard. She could feel the disgraceful heat expand ignominiously under her posterior, a puddle forming around the sodden, darkened beige of her shorts. Most humiliating, though, was the powerful jet of urine that was plowing through the inept barricade of her shaking hands, arcing in scattered droplets over the moonlit concrete and splashing in her spreading limpid pool of terrified embarrassment.

Sam realized what was happening in a moment. She grimaced, only half out of anger, and whispered sharply, “For crying out loud, Lily, are you seriously peeing yourself right now?” She then squeezed her eyes shut and lowered herself in her crouch until she was folded up as compactly as possible. As Lily stared, Sam stayed that way for a few seconds, not moving. Lily didn’t know what was wrong with her, but her own tears were abating as she continued to empty herself out, the pressure slowly lessening. By now her puddle had grown to nearly three feet, her shorts dark around her crotch and partially up her thighs.

Eventually Sam opened her eyes again, and this time Lily could detect that Sam’s brazen exterior was cracking, revealing legitimate consternation underneath. Sam’s eyes were now full of alarm, and she was biting down firmly on her lower lip. She shifted in her crouch, adjusting her hand on Lily’s mouth as she did so. At the same time, however, Lily saw her other hand go between her legs and start working up and down. A small eternity passed as they waited like this, during which Lily’s bladder finally finished voiding itself with a last few weak spurts into the drenched fabric of her underwear. As Lily’s lower abdomen relaxed somewhat (though she was still shaking with adrenaline), Sam seemed to only grow tenser. Her face conveyed genuine dread, and she appeared to be holding her breath.

After what felt like forever, Sam tentatively raised herself up again to get a look, her hand still between her thighs. As soon as she did, however, she dropped back down instantly, losing her balance. She had to quickly move the hand in her groin out onto the pavement to keep from toppling, planting it with a splish into Lily’s puddle, and her crouch turned into a half-crouch, half-kneel. But then, she did something Lily didn’t expect. Still biting down on her lip, she let out a whimper.

Even through her fear, Lily looked over, wondering what was the matter. Sam bent down lower and seemed to be suddenly breathing very heavily. What was happening to her?

Then Sam whimpered again and whispered, in a voice that almost sounded as if she were going to cry, “Screw you, Lily, look what you made me do.”

Lily didn’t know what she meant, but then Sam lowered her head and actually did start to cry, a quiet, lachrymose display of self-pity that belied her earlier hard-nosed façade. Surprised at this sudden show of vulnerability, Lily gaped as Sam wept harder, her shoulders shaking in dejection. That was when Lily noticed something else, lower down. As she watched, even in the low light, she could see a change happening on the thighs of Sam’s pants. It took a moment to register what she was seeing, but then it clicked. They went from reflecting the moonlight to absorbing it, shiny to dark, and it could only mean one thing.

Sam was wetting her pants, too.

Lily kept staring as Sam thoroughly soaked herself, unable, it seemed, to staunch the flow. Within a few seconds the wet stain had covered the entirety of Sam’s thigh down to her knee, and then a puddle began to expand outward on the concrete. Lily could also hear the dribbling and trickling as Sam’s loss of bladder control extended underneath her butt cheek on her other leg and dripped down from the hamstring. Sam didn’t move or make any attempt to thwart Nature’s course as she continued to flood her pants, joining Lily in self-humiliation. Her urine continued to spread outward over the surface of the parking lot, merging with Lily’s and creeping outward towards where the pavement met grass. As she witnessed such a clear and obvious accident, Lily felt her own bladder contract again, pushing one or two more hot spurts into her underwear, reheating her crotch and bottom in helpless sympathy.

It couldn’t have been more than thirty seconds by the time Sam was finished peeing, and the silent sobs of shock had subsided also. She looked up, her eyes red and her face tear-streaked and angry, and whispered caustically, “Now you made me pee myself too. I hope you’re happy.”

Lily felt her throat tighten up painfully as her eyes welled up again. She hadn’t meant to make Sam also have an accident. It wasn’t enough that she had completely wet her shorts in fear, now Sam was mad at her because she had done the same thing? It wasn’t her fault. Tears began to spill out over her eyelids and down her cheeks again. Why did Sam hate her so much? Why did she even come out here in the first place? Why couldn’t Angie be with her instead of Sam? Angie never got mad when they peed themselves together. She wished she could just go home. Go home and disappear. She wept again, quietly this time, as her inebriated state spun a litany of woe through her hazy mind.

The intensity of panic which had seized both girls earlier was dissipating, leaving them now huddled coldly in damp clothes, with nothing to do but wait as their muscles grew stiff and their faces dried. Lily had no idea what was taking the principal so ridiculously long to simply get in his car and drive away, but based off of Sam’s reactions to her reconnaissance endeavors, he hadn’t done so yet. Her hand was still on Lily’s mouth, not gripping as tightly now, but not willing to risk being removed.

###

Brian looked taken aback, almost startled. “What do you mean?”

Angelica kept her gaze fixed on him, penetrating him, searching him. I am a woman, Brian. I am neither a chit nor a plaything. If you want me, you will have to show me that you are a man, and not a boy or a coward. “I think you know what I mean. You’ve said you’re glad we’re friends. Well, friends don’t take friends out for coffee, then alone to a romantic moonlit lake where they put their jacket over their shoulders.” She closed her mouth and let her words sink in, watching, waiting to see what he would do. Do it, Brian. If you would be my king, step up and accept the crown of manhood.

Brian turned and stared off toward the lake again, his face wrought with pensive gravitas. Twice he seemed close to beginning a sentence, only to lapse back into silence. Angelica said nothing herself, instead letting the weight of the moment rest on him.

Unfortunately, it was becoming increasingly difficult to stand still. She was now tightening her thigh muscles as much as she could without bobbing or bouncing, and she wished she could cross her legs. With one hand, she subtly reached around and gave her crotch a quick squeeze from behind. It wasn’t very effective, but it was the best she could do right now. It was almost laughable, the fact that such a potentially pivotal moment in her life, a point of such profound sacredness, could be offset by a few hundred milliliters of liquid in the wrong place. As the thought passed through her head, she very nearly did start laughing, but was checked by the earnestness of this instant—and the pain in her bladder.

At long last, Brian let out a deep sigh and faced her again. “Okay. Okay, okay. You’re right.” He sighed again, rubbed the back of his head, and took a deep breath. “You want the truth? Here it is.” He paused once more, glancing around him, trying to find the words. Angelica kept watching, but the suspense was making her crotch tingle even more intensely, and she had to discreetly rub her thighs together. Finally, he confessed. “I…like you, Angie. I really, really like you.” It was hard to tell in the low light, but Angelica guessed his face was flushed. His pace quickened, evidently in relief at being able to release this burden. If only Angelica didn’t have her own burden that badly needed release as well.

“I’ve liked you, gosh, since I first met you. When I wanted to take you here those years ago, it was because I liked you. And then…you had your…y’know, your accident…and it seemed like you avoided me after that. And I felt too awkward to try to push it, ’cause I thought it would be too embarrassing for you.” Angelica chewed on her lip. He was absolutely right about it being embarrassing for her, but if she had only known how he’d felt, she would have swallowed that pill early and gotten it over with. Of course, right now she was in much the same predicament.

“That’s why I was so happy when you started texting me. I guess I’d always felt too timid to try to reach out first. It was dumb, and I was dumb. But, but, Angie,” And here he suddenly stepped closer to her and put his hands on her shoulders. Angelica felt a jolt go through her, every nerve awake with excited anticipation. The same went for her urinary system, and she had to suppress a squeak as the sudden contraction very nearly spelled disaster. “Angie, I’m not going to be afraid to say it anymore.” His eyes, even in the dark, were piercing through her. “I like you. I think you’re beautiful, and smart, and sensible, and…ah, I don’t know how to say it—good. Like…virtuous. Gosh, I guess that sounds old-fashioned, huh?” He chuckled out of giddy relief. “But you amaze me. And—and I just need you to know that, I guess.”

Angelica was lost in his gaze, his words penetrating her heart. Unlike earlier, where her emotions had felt like the flashes of pyrotechnics, now the sensation was much quieter, deeper, sweeter. It soaked into her, like clear water into dry soil, bringing to life a blossom that she thought long dead. The garden of her soul was redolent with an aroma so pure, so achingly beautiful—like nectar from Elysium—that she thought she might cry. “Oh, Brian,” was all she could manage, barely audible. “Brian.” She gently reached up with one hand and placed it on his cheek. You have won my heart, sir knight. Now come take your prize.

Brian’s face was now inches from her own, and he began to slowly lean in. Angelica found herself doing the same, raising her lips towards his. In the back of her mind, warnings were blaring from her bladder, red alerts screaming that if she did this, there could be no hope of holding it. Her thighs were clamped tightly together, all the way down to her feet, every muscle tense in anticipation. But it was too late. There was no going back now.

At the last moment, Angelica closed her eyes, and the next thing she knew, her lips were pressed against Brian’s. His kiss was soft and tender, his lips gentle in their caress of her own. All the emotional buildup to this moment rushed through her in an instant, and she raised herself further up, pressing harder into the kiss, savoring every bit of it, relishing the long, long awaited chance to do what she had so greatly desired for so long. All that time spent wondering, hoping, waiting, fearing—it all led to this point. And it was all totally, completely, one hundred percent worth every second.

Of course, at the same time, just as she knew it would, her sphincter gave way and her pee began shooting out of her. The kiss deepened as the heat spread all through her panties, wetting them for the second time that day. By this time, Brian’s hands were around her waist and hers were on his neck, her fingers stroking his hair. The two of them had their bodies pressed up close together, and a tiny part at the back of her brain was glad that she was wearing a black dress, since the wetness would be less noticeable, but nervous that her pee might get on his shoes. By now it was flowing liberally down her thighs, the streams tickling her skin and dribbling out over her pumps. Thankfully, since her ankles were squeezed together, they served as a cushion for the urine, preventing it from splashing too much. Still, she could feel it filling her shoes and knew that there would be a puddle where she was standing, hopefully not too obvious in the grass.

###

They had been hidden now for close to ten minutes, the only sound around them being the serenade of crickets off in the grass. Lily’s rear end was increasingly sore from its seat on the hard pavement. Sam, for her part, had awkwardly shifted to a makeshift seiza position right next to Lily, softly shivering. Since both of their pants were now wet, she didn’t seem to mind sitting in their puddle. Lily wiggled slightly, and then again, trying to ease the discomfort in her bottom, her sopping panties chafing as she did so. Eventually, unable to find relief, she straightened up to a kneel then settled herself on her ankles, mirroring Sam. As she lowered herself down again, however, she misjudged her balance in her lightheaded state and fell heavily backwards against the car which had served as their hideout so far. Her shoulders made a resounding thunk against the door, and her head followed, thankfully not as forcefully.

Lily’s hands immediately flew to the back of her scalp, massaging the sore spot. Sam, on the other hand, sat up, galvanized into vigilance by the abrupt intrusion into the hush of the night. Raising herself up to her knees once more, she peeked over the car window. Immediately she ducked back down, bending as low as possible, her breathing suddenly accelerated and her face full of panic. Lily could feel the hair standing up on her neck as fear coursed through her nerve endings again, and her insides quivered with dread. When Sam spoke, her voice was shaky and barely audible. “I think he heard us.” She was shaking, and as cold sweat beaded on her forehead, Lily could hear a recurrent pshh psshh pshhhh coming from her. Looking down, she could see Sam’s pants darkening around the crotch again as Sam once more began to spurt into her panties in fright. Her own bladder contracted, but there was very little to expel. All it did was make her butt grow warm again.

Sam was leaking uncontrollably now, biting down on her lip, her eyes wide with trepidation. As the wetness on her thighs slowly descended, she squeezed her eyes and thighs closed and squeaked out, “Oh crap. Oh crap. Crap, crap, crap!” And in that moment, it seemed as though she was close to doing just that.

As unglued with fear as Sam was, though, Lily was worse. Panic was settling into every pore of her body, and her heart was racing. Had she had any urine left inside her bladder, Sam’s sudden show of terror would have caused her to be inexorably spraying it out. She was trembling like a leaf herself by now, teeth chattering, her mind fluttering with images of degradation and worse at being found out by the principal—her, the valedictorian, with alcohol on her breath and pee-stained clothes. Her entire abdominal cavity felt as though it were constricting, and she was grateful for Sam’s hand over her mouth, afraid that without it, she would puke. Her gut was roiling as pressure built up inside. And then, on top of it all, Sam had uttered that string of interjections. It had only been an expression of her fear, but somewhere in Lily’s scared and intoxicated subconscious, it combined with the warmth under her bottom and took on the nature of a directive.

Lily groaned and leaned forward as she felt the pressure in her intestines mount beyond what she could contain. Powerless to stop it, she could feel her cheeks spread as the contents of her rectum were suddenly and unceremoniously expelled into her clothes. It rushed out with a nauseating bubbling sound, hot, liquid excrement that squelched loudly in its exodus. Lily had of course had diarrhea before, and she had occasionally pooped her pants as well, but the two had never been combined. She winced and grimaced as this unpleasant new sensation introduced itself. Instead of remaining more or less contained in her underwear, her poop poured out in a soupy mess, soaking through her panties and shorts and flowing down her thighs, where is splattered over her calves and slopped into a fetid puddle between her legs.

Poor Lily gasped in shock and embarrassment at her sudden foul mess. Unfortunately for her, since Sam’s hand was still over her mouth, the rapid intake of breath only served to fill her nostrils with the overwhelmingly noxious odor from her second accident. Had she had more experience with alcohol, she would have recognized the effects of excessive drinking on bowel movements, namely on their consistency and their smell. Instead, she was forced to learn the hard way. As the pungent stench burned her sinuses, she violently pulled away from Sam’s grip, hacking and coughing.

As she did so, the last of her poop squirted out in a runny wet fart, spraying out of the cuffs of her shorts. Sam had also been caught off guard by Lily’s loss of bowel control, and as Lily quickly turned away, some of her mess ended up splashing on Sam. This, combined with the putrid smell that now permeated the air, made Sam double over in the other direction, choking and retching as if she were about to vomit. And then, bent over on her hands and knees, she did just that, bringing up the last of the alcohol in her system onto the concrete.

As Sam leaned back with a shudder and wiped her mouth, Lily was still gagging and holding her nose, trying very hard not to follow Sam’s example. The whole ordeal, however, had produced an appreciable ruckus—a far cry from their earlier attempts at subtlety. It was Sam who heard the footsteps rapidly nearing from the other side of the car. Despite her earlier abrasiveness, she seized Lily’s arm and roughly hauled her to her feet in a show of fugitive solidarity.

“Run!” she barked, and the next thing Lily knew, she was sprinting as fast as she could on stiff and wobbly legs. The watery mess in her shorts was liberated by the jostling of her body, flinging poop out over the grass and causing it to course down her legs in vile streaks. They didn’t risk looking behind them, instead running and running and running until they could go no further, collapsing on the grass breathlessly, with dry throats and aching sides. They lay there, panting and gasping, still nervous about being caught, for several minutes.

Once they had caught their breath somewhat, a quick survey of their location showed that they had made it around the school building and were now not far off from the bleachers of the football field. That meant that they had ended up making almost a full orbit of the school since they had first been sent scattering like roaches by the arrival of faculty. If they were lucky, their things would still be sitting where they had left them, in little piles by the building on the other side of the field, including Lily’s phone. She would try to call Angie. Hopefully she would be able to help them out.

Lily slowly got to her feet, her legs feeling crusty from where her diarrhea had begun to dry out on her skin. Standing over Sam, it was her turn to show support. She extended her hand for Sam to take. Sam seemed to consider it for a moment, unwilling, apparently, to show a need for help. After a few seconds, though, she acquiesced, pulling herself up wordlessly. “Come on,” said Lily, “my phone should be over here.” She turned and began trudging toward the corner of the school, with Sam reluctantly following.

Rounding the corner, to her great relief, Lily could see what was left of the piles of belongings. Evidently most of the seniors had already retrieved their personal effects, but off to the side, just where she had left it, Lily saw her neon green phone case. She leaned over to pick it up, her sullied underwear chafing as she did so. She brushed her hair out of her eyes as she turned on the screen, about to send a text off to Angelica. Before she did, though, she raised her gaze and made eye contact with Sam. “Where’s your phone?”

Sam blew out a small sigh of irritation. “I left it at Aaron’s house. I thought we’d all be going back there.”

Lily chewed on the inside of her cheek for a moment. Aaron’s house was far too far away to walk to, even in dry clothes. “Well, do you have anyone you need to call?”

Sam wrinkled her brow in thought, seemingly pondering the question of which person would be the least embarrassing for her to admit she’d wet her pants to. Eventually she asked, trying to keep her voice even, “Do you have Brad’s number?”

Lily reddened slightly. No, she didn’t have Sam’s boyfriend’s number; in fact, she probably had almost no one’s number. It was stupid of her to ask in the first place. Aaron was one of the few people they both knew whose number she did have, and that was only because he’d texted about the party at his house. Looking away, she mumbled, “Uh, no, I don’t.”

An awkward pause followed. Finally, Lily spoke up again, “Hey, I’m going to see if my friend Angelica can give me a ride. I’m sure she could give you one, too.”

Sam considered this briefly, then squared her shoulders and lifted her chin, brushing her hair behind her ear. The irregular wet patch on her pants, though not as obvious as earlier, was still visible in the moonlight. “No, that’s fine. I live only about two miles from here. I’ll walk.” Her tone conveyed an attempt at affected insouciance.

Two miles in the dark—that would be forty, fifty minutes. And it was late. Lily tried again. “Are you sure, Sam?”

Sam fixed Lily with a penetrating gaze that almost felt like contempt. “Yes. I’ll be fine. Thank you, though.” Contrary to her words, her tone didn’t sound very grateful. Lily guessed that maybe she was acting defensively after feeling exposed earlier. She didn’t push the issue.

Sam turned to begin her trek, walking casually with her back straight. She had gotten no further than twenty feet, though, when she suddenly stopped. After a moment, she turned back to Lily. “Hey, um, Lils,” she began. Her voice was lower than normal, and her gaze was averted. “Uh, about how I made fun of you? For, y’know, peeing yourself? Yeah. Um…I’m sorry. For doing that.” Lily didn’t respond. Memories of the harvest festival flashed through her consciousness, and she wanted to be able to revel in Sam’s comeuppance tonight. Nevertheless, deep down, she could only imagine Sam’s embarrassment. It was one thing for her, the girl with the bladder issues, to have an accident, but not for Sam. Inside, she was probably feeling terrified that the events of tonight would—ahem—leak out, and genuine remorse for how she had teased Lily in the past.

Sam looked up as the silence lengthened, her eyes meeting Lily’s. “So…no hard feelings?” She shifted uncomfortably.

Lily watched her for just a second or two longer before she exhaled, relenting. “Sure, Sam. No hard feelings.”

Sam merely nodded in response and silently resumed her journey. Lily watched after her for a while, wondering if she would be safe and whether she should have pressed the issue or not. Eventually, though, she decided it was out of her hands. Sam could make her own decisions. They were high school graduates, after all.

Turning her phone screen back on, she began to type out a plea to Angelica.

###

Both Angelica’s osculation and her micturition lasted for about ten seconds. As the kiss lengthened, she could feel both of their breathing grow heavier as their passion heated. For her at least, it was only amplified by the moist heat around her private parts and the blissful respite of her bladder’s pain. When it seemed as though the two of them were getting somewhat dangerously excited, as well as when the splattering sound of her accident became obvious enough that it pierced the giddy euphoria in her mind, she suddenly pulled back, cutting off the flow at the same time.

She brushed her hair out of her eyes and gave Brian a satisfied smile on one side, with a hint of coyness in it. She was happy—outrageously, ecstatically happy—but she couldn’t let this continue. Least of all because she had just peed herself. With Brian. Again. Even if they kept standing here, he might notice her wet legs. She needed to bring this wonderful evening to a close, though an evening that promised to be followed by many beautiful mornings. Not to mention that although she had already lost control briefly, she was far from empty—and she didn’t know how much longer she could keep holding it.

Brian beamed back at her, his smile quite probably the biggest it could be. He stared into her eyes, his gaze full of fierce desire. After several seconds, he let out a breath. “Wow.” Then he laughed, a relieved, joyful laugh. Angelica laughed as well, but not quite as hard. She was still focused on her grip on her pee.

“Well, then, Brian,” she said, wincing slightly as a spike of stinging pain shot through her abdomen, “do you have anything you’d like to say?” She watched him with an expression that she hoped was both expectant and flirtatious. Has the man found his courage, now that he is assured of victory?

Brian took her hands in his, still grinning widely, and then looked her straight in the eye. “Angie,” he began, his voice level and confident, “will you be my girlfriend?”

Angelica’s smile stretched across both sides of her face at that magical question. Her bladder suddenly tensed up in her excitement, and a brief spurt of urine filled her underwear, warming the fast-cooling fabric. She faltered as she regained control. “Yes, Brian. Oh, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.”

Brian chuckled again in hearty elation. Then, without warning, he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her into a hug, squeezing her tightly. She gasped as the pressure forced another leak, this one lasting a little over a second before she could cut it off. She could feel the pee trickling down the insides of her thighs, and she felt sure that the front of her dress must be wet by now. She couldn’t let him find out. He was still holding her close, but as she hugged him back, she patted him with her arms to try to get him to let go, which he did, but not quite as quickly as she hoped. Then, once out of the embrace, he cupped her face in his hands and kissed her again. It was glorious, but it unfortunately made her momentarily lose control again. She had one leg crossed over the other by this point, and the spurt shot out in the back, jetting nearly horizontally under her left cheek and spraying the side of her dress.

As he released her, she was filled with certainty that these leaks weren’t going to stop. She had to get away, get away before she completely embarrassed herself in front of…her boyfriend. She could feel a blush heating her cheeks as the reality of it nestled into her brain. Gently but firmly extricating herself from his arms, she pulled his suit jacket off and handed it back to him. Pushing a strand of hair behind her ear, she began to slowly back away. “I should probably get going now.” She hooked a thumb coolly toward her car. “See you tomorrow? Or I can call you tonight?”

Angelica hoped that he would acquiesce speedily and then drive off. If she made a pretense of driving the other way, then he wouldn’t notice when she instead got out and emptied her aching bladder by the side of the road. It wasn’t as if there was anyone to see, after all. And if he left now, then maybe, please, oh please, he might not see the puddle in the grass that she had left behind. Instead, he nodded to her, hanging his jacket over his back with one hand while shoving the other one breezily into his pocket. “Sounds good, Angie. We can talk tonight.”

She grinned and giggled, fighting hard the impulse to double over or grab her crotch. How she wished she could just squat behind her car! But she couldn’t risk it, not with Brian still there. She had to act like everything was fine, to keep him from realizing her desperation—though she was becoming increasingly doubtful that there was still a chance of emerging from this both without him realizing and without having an accident. She gave a little wave, laughed nervously again, and then turned to speed walk back to the road.

Once he was out of sight, Angelica hurriedly made her way over the shoulder of the road and toward her car. Her gaze was down as she sped toward her car, trying to keep from exploding before she got in. Already she couldn’t stop the wetness spreading rapidly over her butt as her urine leaked out from inside her. She couldn’t believe it. Just a few hours earlier, her only thoughts of peeing her pants because of Brian were ones from the distant past, and now—now she was actually about to totally wet herself from excitement following a kiss. A kiss. With Brian. She quickened her pace.

Reaching the car, she threw her clutch into the passenger’s seat, got in, and closed the door. For a second, she merely sat there, in exhilarated and stunned silence. But then the dam broke. She jammed her hands into her crotch, mewling and doubling over as her pent-up urine sprayed uninhibited into her blue panties, warming them afresh. She peed, a hot, tempestuous geyser of liquid, holding herself and rocking forward and backward. The gush of urine subsided, but then immediately started again as her pee overflowed, unable to be contained. Her bladder was so full it hurt. Finally, after nearly a minute of this, she was able to sit still, empty and soaked, a look of elysian relief on her face. She stayed like that, staring at the stars, in emotional bliss even as the puddle under her rear steadily cooled.

Then, like a fly buzzing in her ear, the jolt of a sudden vibration from her phone startled her as a text message came in. As she picked it up to read it, she saw it was a message from Lily: “can u come pick me up I’m at the school I had a petty bad accident in my pants”. She leaned her head back, eyes closed, and laughed, a gentle, lilting giggle at the wonderful absurdity. Pee drops trickled down her legs and her seat was drenched, but she didn’t care. Today was a good day, and not even her and Lily’s bizarre propensity to wet themselves together could change that.

~Aftermath~

As it turned out, Angelica did end up going the opposite direction from Brian, as it was a shorter route to Lily’s high school that way. Once she reached an intersection with a streetlamp, she gingerly stepped out of the car, her urine splattering down and dripping off her dress. A cursory examination of her seat told her that hopes of getting the stain out were far-flung, at best. She would be content with abating the smell, at least.

If Lily had also wet herself, then it would probably be best for her to get something to put on the seats. Some paper towels and trash bags would do; it was just acquiring them that would be the tricky part. She tried to inspect the back of her dress. Since the material was black, the stain might not be too visible. She squeezed out the last drops as best she could, then took off one shoe at a time to empty them out onto the road. Using her hand, she attempted to brush off the droplets that still clung to her legs, then was forced to wipe her hands with a makeup remover. With a frown of revulsion, she made a quick mental note to get some pocket hand sanitizer—preferably scented.

She was glad to find a tiny convenience store at which to obtain her supplies. Even though it was nearly empty at this hour, she couldn’t help but constantly feel self-conscious about whether someone was looking at the back of her dress or not. It didn’t help that the faint odor of urine hung about her. As quickly as she could, she grabbed a three-pack of paper towels, a small box of trash bags, and a travel bottle of Purell and left.

By the time Angelica pulled into the now vacant parking lot at TRHS, Lily was sitting against the side of the building, head in hands. As Angelica approached, Lily looked up, an expression of bedraggled relief clear on her face. She stood, grimacing, and waddled towards the car. In the low light, Angelica could see dark stains on her shorts and down her legs as well and wondered what had happened.

Lily opened the door, and in the light of the car interior, Angelica could indisputably tell that Lily had soiled herself quite thoroughly. Her eyebrows rose in a look that was a mixture of surprise, repugnance, and pity. Lily, on the other hand, appeared quite miserable and simply squelched down on the meticulously pre-protected car seat. She groaned. “Please just take me home, Angie.”

Angelica balked. “Are—are you sure, Lil? Why don’t you come back with me? I can probably sneak you into my house more easily, and you can always tell your parents that you decided to spend the night at my house.”

Lily considered this briefly before glumly nodding her head. They began their trip back in relative silence, since Lily seemed too dejected and sick to talk. In addition, they had to drive with the windows completely open, to mitigate the stench from Lily’s diarrhea. As it diffused in the air, Angelica actually became worried, wondering if she could sneak Lily inside in her present state. Lily, on the other hand, just curled up on the seat and moaned. At one point they had to pull over so that she could lean out and puke, the motion of the car and the smell combining to make her stomach reject the last of the alcohol in it. Once done with that, as she slowly sobered up, her head throbbed and she felt very thirsty. Angelica offered to get something to drink at a drive-thru, but Lily declined.

As Lily sat there wretchedly, her mind ruefully replayed the events of the night. What she had thought was going to be a fun time partying had ended up a complete disaster. What had she been thinking? No, that was it—she hadn’t been thinking. The beer hadn’t helped, either. Everything that could have gone wrong did go wrong. Or actually…that wasn’t quite true. She remembered the looks, the attention, the uninvited touches that Jay had given her, and it became plainly obvious in hindsight that he had no interest it her whatsoever, except to get in her pants and then probably brag about how he banged the valedictorian. At least their getting caught had derailed where things might have headed. She lowered her head onto her knees in humiliation, recalling that she had been about to get naked in front of him when they were found out. She really was an idiot. In the sullen atmosphere of the car, she made a silent promise to herself to never drink again.

On top of her self-censure, incredibly enough, she had to pee again by now. As the minutes passed by, she crossed one tainted leg over the other and moaned, “I have to pee again, Angie.” She knew that there really wasn’t anything Angelica could do about it, and they were getting close to the house. But she just needed Angelica’s sympathy more than anything. Angelica reassured her that they weren’t far at this point.

Still, no more than a minute later, she shifted her position, squeezing her legs together tightly, and whined, “I mean it, Angie. I really have to go.” Angelica chewed on her lip, considering her options. If Lily was in this state, then maybe she really couldn’t hold it for too much longer. But they were only four minutes away from her house by now, tops—practically, there wasn’t a better option. She just hoped Lily could make it that far. The covering she had given the seat would be enough to protect it from the aftermath of an accident, not from an accident itself.

She was glad, then, when only a few minutes after that, they pulled into her driveway, staying far enough back to keep from getting her parents’ attention with the headlights. Lily was by now rocking in her seat, one hand over her eyes and one between her legs. Angelica turned off the car and stepped out. Lily didn’t move, but merely groaned and kept rocking. “I have to go so bad, Angie.”

Angelica nodded compassionately. She had an idea of how to get Lily into the house without her accident being found out, and it would only be a minute longer. Surely Lily could hold on for one more minute? “I’ll be right back, Lil. Trust me.” She scampered into the house, hurrying for her friend’s sake. Without even taking the time to change out of her wet clothes herself, she found a pair of old overalls that she never wore anymore. Satisfied that they would fit over Lily’s befouled shorts and content to throw them away afterwards, she discreetly folded them up and then stole back outside.

Once there, she opened Lily’s door and held up the overalls. “Here. Put these on over what you’re wearing. That way you can come in without getting your mess everywhere.” Lily looked up at the overalls and painstakingly emerged from the car, leaving a puddle of smeared poop on the paper-and-plastic barrier Angelica had constructed. With the slow, deliberate movements of the invalid, she took the overalls from Angelica and carefully slid one leg in, then the other, leaning on Angelica’s shoulder for balance. Fortunately, the overalls were big and baggy enough to let her put them on while still wearing her shoes. Once she had finished pulling them up and sliding the straps over her shoulders, she put her hands back in her crotch and stood there, unmoving.

Angelica tried to goad her, pushing her slightly toward the house. “Come on, Lil. The sooner we get inside, the sooner you can use the bathroom and change.”

Lily, however, remained immobile. Bending over slightly, she replied, “I really, really have to go. I don’t think I can hold it.”

Angelica sighed with impatience. She didn’t want to risk Lily peeing outside and potentially being seen, but they were so close by now. She spoke up, more harshly than she meant, “Yeah, I know. But we’re almost there, so come on, you need to go, now!”

As soon as the words left her mouth she realized her mistake. She had just told Lily to “go,” and that is precisely what Lily did. Whimpering and bending over a little more, Lily’s endurance again gave way, and for the third time that day, she wet her pants. A gushing sound came out of her groin, and a few seconds later, poop-stained urine began pouring out of the cuffs of the overalls. Shortly afterward, the wetness started to show through, a dark stain forming unevenly along the legs and further up, around the crotch. Lily continued to soak the overalls—Angelica’s overalls—for a little over twenty seconds before finishing off with a very wet-sounding fart.

Angelica put a hand over her face in exasperation. At least it had happened while they were still outside, and at least she had planned to throw out the overalls anyway. Still, cleaning this up was going to be a nightmare. Maybe she should text Brian and ask if they could talk tomorrow instead.

*013*2020-04-03 09:49

{{On 3/29/2020 at 11:27 PM, Silvermelody said:

Gods damn man. I rarely post on here but this is one of the best fics ive read in a very long time. Im only on part 5 but it has everything. The desperation, the good characters, the length, believablle scenarios. I mean, i dont think anythings missing from this its like reading a book. A well written one at that. Some if the fics ive read have been bad - from grammar, to spelling to just down right unbelievableness that sorta takes the fun out of it. But i mean, while some of the situations youve written about may not seem “realistic” its sorta like sci fi. Believable enough so that it doesnt distract from the characters or main plot. Just damn. Perfectly written and executed and i look forward to reading the rest of what you got to put out.

}}

Holy cow, wow, thank you! I'm really glad you enjoy it. That's my goal, hehe. I'm currently working on chapter 7, so I hope to get it out in a couple of weeks.

But, seriously, this means a lot. :D

