Angelica and Lily - with tags!

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*015*2020-05-01 12:11

Whew! Finally, it's done.

Contains: spanking (kind of)

Chapter 7: Car Wash

It was a bright day, so much so that you had to shield your eyes even to look at the sky, which was filled with billowy puffs of clouds looking like cotton balls pressed onto a pane of glass. The air was filled with the noises of traffic, birds chirping, music being played loudly through car stereos, and the jingle of a passing ice cream truck. It was, by all accounts, an ideal summer’s day.

Angelica was glad to be able to enjoy it from within the shade. She didn’t fare as well in direct sunlight as Lily did, who began every autumn with a perfectly toned tan, and as such she tried to avoid it. So, to be able to get the mild breeze, the fresh estival scents, and the lazy warm-but-not-too-hot climate while still out of the sun was wonderfully refreshing.

She and Lily were both dressed in jean shorts (though Lily’s were shorter) and sleeveless tops: Angelica with a yellow tank top and Lily with a pink halter top. Despite their summer wear, they both had on tennis shoes; flip-flops or sandals being banned in the workplace for safety reasons. The workplace in question was QuikShine Car Wash, a job which, while certainly not the most promising for a long-term career, served well enough as a means of income during the summer months. While Angelica had been hunting for work that could count as experience toward her business degree, Lily had found this job through a friend on her first day looking, and then had gotten Angelica a place there too. At first Angelica felt a little annoyed that Lily had found work so easily when she herself had been trying so hard without success, but the feeling passed quickly. It was kind of Lily to get her hired at the same place, and she could always keep looking for other work.

And, to be honest, working at the car wash wasn’t bad. It mainly involved a lot of spraying with hoses and squeegeeing, combined with the occasional bit of maintenance on the rollers and spray arches. Of course, neither of them was a technician, and the greatest extent of the “maintenance” they did was things like replacing canisters of cleaning chemicals or performing a manual restart on the conveyors if they ever got stuck. The job was simple enough, requiring only two employees per shift; and the owner, Mr. Armstrong, a somewhat gawky-looking bespectacled man in his mid-forties, was generous enough to let the two of them share the same hours, as long as they didn’t distract each other.

They had been working there for the past month and a half, and so far Angelica had found no prospects for other employment that would better fit her educational track. More and more, she was having to face, with a certain degree of wistful regret, the likelihood that there would be no better opportunities before the school year began again. Lily, on the other hand, was relishing her newfound freedom and financial resources, limited though they were. Angelica found that she had to be the practical one and advise Lily to try saving some of her income, instead of spending it all at once. She also needed to stay on top of Lily regarding her assignments for college applications.

Ever since she had pulled out on top as valedictorian, Lily had more enrollment options open up to her, and her surprising display of natural skill at public speaking was now leading her to look into pursuing public relations. She intended to start with studying marketing and media studies. Angelica was impressed by her best friend’s newfound life goals, and wholeheartedly supported her. It did mean, though, that Lily would have to learn to be self-motivated, at least more than she was now. In the absence of teachers, classes, and semesters, Angelica now filled the role of life coach—or at least, someone who was close enough to Lily that she wouldn’t take any of her crap.

On this day, the morning had passed in relative ease. It had been very near lunchtime when that changed. After a smooth succession of incident-free washes, a shrill beeping that neither of the girls had ever heard before started sounding from the computer panel near the exit. Mr. Armstrong had clearly instructed them never to touch this panel, and they consequently promptly summoned him to deal with it.

“Oh dear. Um…oh dear.” Mr. Armstrong adjusted his glasses and scratched the side of his head.

“What is it?” Angelica leaned in, not comforted by the tone in his voice.

He sighed. “It’s an issue with the sensor array. I’m going to have to get someone out here ASAP to get it fixed. Thing is, the whole system depends on it. Until we get it fixed, we’ll have to turn off all the machinery.”

Lily and Angelica shared a glance before Lily piped up. “Should we just go home, then?” Her stomach rumbled. She was looking forward to getting something to eat.

Mr. Armstrong furrowed his brow. “No, no, I think we can stay open. It just means we’ll have to wash the cars by hand.” He gave an apologetic smile. “I’m sorry, girls. I know it’s not what you were hired for, but do you think you can manage?”

Both girls looked at each other again before nodding to each other and then to Mr. Armstrong. They were both young enough to retain some of the naïveté that assumes people in authority always have everything under control. He in turn thanked them both, his voice somewhat reassured, before heading back for his office, running his hand through his thinning hair.

At first, washing cars by hand was almost fun. The girls got to work together and laugh and joke and occasionally splash each other as they did so. However, it quickly became apparent that the two of them alone would have to maintain an exhausting pace to keep up with the amount of cars coming in, even after Mr. Armstrong had set up a sign at the entrance that read “Hand Wash Only.” When noon approached, rather than take their lunch together, as was their custom, Mr. Armstrong told them they would have to stagger their lunch breaks. Since Lily’s stomach hadn’t stopped growling, Angelica said she could go first, to which Lily gratefully agreed. There was a Taco Bell across the street, and she went there, ordering an eclectic assortment of individual items and completing them with a large Mountain Dew Baja Blast. All that washing by hand had been hard and hot work, and she needed to cool off.

Once her order came in, she hastily scarfed down her food items, then leaned back in her booth with a discreet burp and a contented sigh, taking a breather while she sipped her drink and her food digested in the remaining lunch break she had.

###

Upon returning, now that it was her turn to be back working by herself, Lily was wishing she had used the bathroom at the Taco Bell when she had had the chance. The Baja Blast was only making it worse. She inwardly berated herself—if Angie had been with her, she would have made sure they’d both gone to the toilet when they had had the chance. But, of course, Angie was taking her own lunch break now, most likely somewhere besides Taco Bell, someplace at least marginally healthier. Which also meant Lily wouldn’t get any chance to relieve herself until Angelica got back.

She sighed and tried to focus on her work, despite her growing need to pee. Being by herself made it worse. At least when it was the two of them, they could talk to each other, make jokes, settle into their natural repartee as best friends. By herself, though, her only company was her own brain and filling bladder. Shifting her position to a crouch to get at the wheel wells of the black Ford Fiesta she was currently washing, she thought back to her graduation two months ago, and more specifically, to the multiple accidents she had had on that day. Thanks to Angelica, nobody had found out about any of them. Lily smiled to herself with a warm sense of gratitude in her chest. That really was true friendship.

Nevertheless, her accidents had come as a dire specter, haunting the otherwise bright visions of her future. Growing up, she had allowed herself to believe—albeit subconsciously—that her sympathetic spastic bladder was something she would grow out of, that it would only be a passing phase. The various specialists her parents had taken her to when she was much younger had said as much, if not quite in those words. Hadn’t they? Now that she really thought about it, she saw clearly that it had always been less of a promise and more of a best-case scenario, a palliative speculation to soften the blow of having to confess that they didn’t have a cure.

So, as she grew, she had always been looking forward to “that day,” the day when she would finally be able to control herself. Since she didn’t wet herself all the time, but only more often than average, it was tricky to determine when that moment had arrived. In retrospect, she now realized that she had been expecting to be free of bladder problems upon reaching “adulthood.” And then graduation day had happened, and she, the valedictorian, had peed and pooped her pants.

A frown was dominating Lily’s face by now. These were not the kinds of thoughts she should be dwelling on. Especially right now, when she really did have to go. She stood up again, having finished the initial washing, and grabbed the hose to start rinsing. As she sprayed the water out over the now spotless car, she tapped her foot in impatience and wished Angelica would get back soon, wished that there was a bathroom here in the car wash building. Where did Mr. Armstrong go when he needed to pee? She knew, of course—he went to the Taco Bell, just like they had to. He had told them as much when they first started working there. He and the owner of the Taco Bell had an understanding.

She wrapped up rinsing and moved on to washing the windows. Slipping away to the bathroom across the street would take too long without someone else here. The line of cars, while not as long as usual, was nevertheless not getting any shorter, either. She grimaced as the liquid in her lower abdomen kept increasing, now feeling leaden inside her. Her stretching bladder was beginning to hurt. She had to keep telling herself that she was going to be okay, and not to entertain any false hopes of when she could go pee. It was hard to resist the temptation of thinking that if she could only finish “this one car,” then she could go use the toilet afterwards. She knew, though, that that kind of line of thinking would only make it worse. The thing she had to do now was pace herself, and settle in for the long haul.

The Fiesta was done, and Lily gave an automatic wave to the driver as she maneuvered her way out of the car wash. The next vehicle then rolled up, a gray Chevy Suburban, and Lily set about to washing the sides. The SUV was larger than most of the vehicles they’d washed so far, and going over all its surfaces was a time-consuming and monotonous task, meaning Lily didn’t even think about the roof until she was almost done with the hood. How was she supposed to reach it? With the other cars that she had done, she’d been able to get the roof if she reached as far as she could on her tiptoes.

On one such occasion, she had come down from stretching to see a preteen boy in the back seat staring out at her wide-eyed. Evidently, reaching that far had made her halter top ride up, exposing her midriff and the waistband of her red and white panties mere inches away from his face. She had gone red and tried to avoid making eye contact with him, and ever since did her best not to reach farther than she could. So how was she supposed to wash this roof?

She stood puzzling over this for a few seconds before her bladder began to involuntarily tighten. She couldn’t stay still right now; she needed to keep her momentum going. Once she stopped, her body would take it as a signal that relief was near, and that would not be good. Casting her mind back to previous tall vehicles the two of them had washed together, Lily began to pace. What had Angelica used to get the roofs? There had to be some kind of pole with a brush on the end. Where was it?

She walked from one side of the SUV to the other, then back to the first side, scanning the area for any kind of implement for getting at the roof. But she couldn’t see anything, and her leg muscles were beginning to tense up from the pressure in her bladder. No more looking. Couldn’t find a pole? Then she would have to do this the old-fashioned way.

Grabbing her sponge of soapy water, she approached the left side of the hood. Then, hoping it looked as though she knew what she was doing, she carefully put her left knee on it and hoisted herself forward until she was completely on top of the hood. Once there, it was a matter of getting to her feet without falling, which was thankfully not as difficult as she had guessed it would be. She was able to guide herself with her right hand on the roof above the windshield, which helped.

Now that she was standing, Lily shifted her weight precariously, trying not to slip. Her left foot she repositioned to just under the right windshield wiper, while her right foot was still supported on the reinforced metal at the left edge of the front hood. She was doing her best to neither lose her footing nor put a dent in the car’s hood. It was a good thing she weighed as little as she did.

Of course, in her current unwieldy position, she was aware that her splayed legs and the amount of thigh she was showing made her pose more than a little suggestive. Especially since she had to bend over at her waist to reach the center of the roof of the Suburban—which meant in addition to the evocative angle of her slender legs, her rear end was protruding sensuously as well. If she had been less focused, she would have been at least a little afraid that Mr. Armstrong would come out of his office to be pleasantly surprised with a nice view of her butt, complete with her jean shorts riding up and beginning to expose the underside of her cheeks. Of course, whoever was driving the car had a pretty clear view himself from the front. But she couldn’t think about that. She had to hurry up and get the roof cleaned and get back down.

Regrettably, there wasn’t much room by now in Lily’s conscious mind for worrying about anything other than the liquid in her bladder. She tried to focus. Just this one car. Just this one, and then she’d go run across the street to the Taco Bell and use their bathroom. At this point, she didn’t care if it meant the rest of the cars in line were left waiting; she just really had to pee. Standing with her legs apart was not helping either, not a bit. Nor was the soapy water covering her hands as she leaned further and stretched as far as she could, disregarding her earlier efforts to avoid doing so, and moved her arms in wide circles to scrub the layers of dust off of every last inch of the dark gray paint.

Her brow was furrowed in concentration, with a hint of consternation. If only the stupid automated system weren’t broken! That way, the spray arch that was now above her would be taking care of this, and she would be free to go use a toilet. She tensed and untensed her thigh muscles, rising up on the balls of her feet and settling back down. It was the best she could do in her problematic stance, and she wasn’t about to grab her crotch right in front of the eyes of the car’s occupants. Gosh, even if she could, both hands were wet, and it would probably only make things worse.

Closing her eyes, she let out a tenacious exhalation through her nose and clenched her jaw tight. Just get this roof done and get off. Focus on the car. Focus on the dirt. Get this done first, then think about a bathroom. Stroke after stroke, swaths of sudsy water left behind. Her arm ached with the ungainly angle she had to maintain, but she gritted her teeth and willed herself through it. Embrace the pain. You are stronger than the pain. In the humid and claustrophobic space close under the roof of the car wash, where no breeze from outside came in, Lily could feel sweat beading on her forehead.

Her armpits tickled with perspiration as well, and she briefly paused to draw a forearm across her face, adjusting her arms at the same time to alleviate the uncomfortable itch in her armpits. If only she could do something for her bladder also. Heedless of her boss potentially seeing her, she momentarily bent over even further, making her bottom jut out even more prominently, and squeezed her sphincter closed as discreetly as she could, waiting for the wave of pain to pass.

Breathing deeply, she was able to resume her work after several seconds, grabbing her sponge and going back to scrubbing. By now she was nearly two thirds of the way done. Her calves were threatening to cramp up and her pee was pulsating inside her, but she was determined to hold it until she could finish here. If only the dumb spray arch were working. That way, the whole car roof could be coated at once with warm, flowing, rushing…

No! That was the worst thing to think about now. She squeaked out a quiet whine as her lower abdomen tensed up, and she briefly bent her knees inward as she narrowly avoided leaking in subconscious response to the thought of streaming water. Ugh, at this point, she would have to go straight to the bathroom after finishing on the roof, without even rinsing it off with the hose first. Angie would have to take care of that—whenever she got back. A torrent of liquid spouting forcefully through a narrow tube was probably something Lily needed to be as far away from as possible right now. She bit on her lip and tried to clean faster.

As she switched the sponge to her other hand and worked her arm back and forth, she could feel her whole body jostling with the effort. Regrettably, it also meant she could also feel her urine sloshing side to side inside her, slamming one side of her bladder then the other. She tried to breathe deeply to stay in control. Her legs were shaking, and she was about to burst, but she had to continue—she was so close now! She had to make it. Perspiration began beading out afresh on her skin, and as her body jiggled with the motions of cleaning, it had the effect of working a large droplet of sweat free on her back, where it trickled down, tingling and vellicating, lower and lower, until it slipped into her butt crack.

The sudden tickling sensation made her stiffen, thighs tense and back arched, as she gasped and tried not to leak. The light, prickly caress of the drop on her skin, down into her private parts, made a shiver go through her and her bladder. She twisted slightly in her position, steadying her breathing again and clenching her sphincter tightly shut. Her pee was throbbing, pushing to be released, and pulses of piercing desperation were assaulting her lower abdomen. Maybe she should just go now. Let Angie take care of all the rest, without even an explanation. That would be better than losing control.

But if she tried to go now, essentially capitulating to the call of Nature, would she even make it to Taco Bell in time? If she let her urinary system dictate her actions, enslave her to its will, then it would have its way before she could even reach a toilet. What was the name for that again? She had read about it—something like keyhole syndrome or something. If she left in a panic, then by the time she got to the restrooms, she wouldn’t be able to hold it. No. No, that wasn’t an option. The solution would be to maintain mental control.

She resumed scrubbing assiduously, defiantly fighting to keep mind over matter, even though the muscles in her legs were still taut. She recalled her valedictorian address from a couple of months before, and how it had very nearly worked in driving back the panicky throes of her bladder emergency. Maybe the same thing would work now. “You can make it, Lily,” she quietly urged herself through gritted teeth, “you can hold it. Just hold on. Just hold on. Just hold—”

Just at that moment, however, the intractable spray arch, the one whose stubborn refusal to function was the sole reason for her current predicament, decided to relinquish an insolent token of assistance. There was a gurgling of air bubbles through the pipe, and then a two-second stream of water spilled rebelliously from its nozzle. In a normal circumstance, it would have done nearly nothing. However, in Lily’s awkward position, her projecting rear end was situated directly underneath the flow.

It took a split second for the warmth to penetrate through to her skin, and as soon as it did, Lily gasped sharply and straightened up violently. Her free hand flew to her backside, grabbing herself in an attempt to stave off disaster. It was as if the spray arch were goading her into releasing her own hot waters, and she stood there, shaking and twitching, legs still apart, doing her utmost to keep that from happening. Unfortunately for her, though, the comforting moist heat around her groin pierced past her psychological resolve directly to her most basic bodily instincts, and the next thing she knew, matter had won over mind.

She stood there, still holding herself from behind, as her sphincter gave way and pee began shooting into her underwear. Her mouth was hanging open in shock and panic as the urine rapidly heated her panties all over the front before spilling out into her shorts. Within a second a wet spot had appeared between her legs before spreading out over her left thigh down to the cuff of her jean shorts. She squeaked, trying hard to stop spurting, as the liquid started dripping from her left leg, faster and faster. She clenched and tensed and twisted, doing everything she could to halt the flow, knees bent inwards, wishing she could just close her legs—or better yet, be sitting on a toilet.

And then, quite to her surprise, it stopped. The pain was still pounding in her bladder and pee was gently dripping off her left inner thigh, but she had cut off the flow. She didn’t move, too incredulous to trust this sudden apparent miracle. Had she actually done it? Had that day arrived? For once, had she been able to wrest bodily autonomy back from the tyranny of her weak bladder? Her gasps began to settle down into calmer, more regular eupnea. A tiny, relieved smile even bloomed on her face. She, Lily Wells, the girl with the sympathetic spastic bladder, had just thwarted a full-blown accident. At last!

After what couldn’t have been more than a couple of seconds but felt much longer, she cautiously removed her hand from under her butt. It was wet, but more with the water that had dripped on her than with her own urine. Looking down on herself, she could see the pretty obvious wetness from her momentary loss of control, but other than the few drops still dribbling lackadaisically from the cuff of her shorts, she convinced herself that it wasn’t too bad. She could most likely splash some wash water over herself and nobody would think anything was amiss. But she should probably do it now and get going—she still really had to pee. At least her boss hadn’t been out of his office. This way, no one had seen—

Then, with a surge of dread that felt akin to nausea, Lily’s face went gray as she remembered that she was still standing directly over the windshield of an occupied car. In the—ahem—heat of the moment, it had slipped her mind. The reflections off the glass had kept her from seeing anyone inside the car, but that didn’t mean they couldn’t see her. Not only could they see her, but she had given them the most graphic display possible of her desperation and then her brief leak.

While her face was hidden from their view, everything from the waist down was mere inches from the glass, and with her legs spread apart, nothing of her miniature accident was left to the imagination. They would have seen from the moment the dark stain first sprouted right over her private parts all the way to the little trickle of urine that was now finishing its descent down her left calf. And the pee that dripped off her shorts—she now saw that it had fallen onto the windshield itself, and had nearly completed its pilgrimage downwards to meet the dormant windshield wiper.

Awful, overwhelming embarrassment filled her soul, until she thought she might drown. Naturally, she had wet her pants before, many times, and many times in front of someone. But it had never been so obvious, so clearly on display. It was as if this car hood were a diminutive stage where the passengers were now gathered to spectate her humiliation. It couldn’t have felt any worse if she had been naked. The degradation of it sank down into the pit of her stomach, and then kept plunging further until it reached her already dangerously full bladder, snapping the tenuous and fragile control she had left.

Lily made a kind of strangling sound as she choked out a loud sob and peed her pants. She leaned forward over the car roof and squeezed her eyes shut, pushing out two tears as she did so. She knew her face was hot and crimson with shame, and it was undoubtedly for the best that the people in the car couldn’t see it. Sadly, what they could all too clearly see was the dark pee stain extending itself all the way across both thighs and the cascades of golden warmth that sprayed over their windshield as Lily wet herself from embarrassment. Streams of urine trickled down her thin and trembling legs, soaking into her socks and tennis shoes and splitting into discrete cataracts which splattered over the glass and the hood.

In the otherwise noiseless interior of the car wash, the splashing, spattering sound of her accident echoed loudly in her burning ears, and more tears slid down her cheeks. She continued to go to the bathroom in her clothes for a little over twenty seconds before she was finally able to halt the flow. By that time, her shorts were thoroughly drenched in a wide wet spot around her crotch, stretching out to the outer edges of both hips and up almost to her waistband.

She stood there, still shaking, unable to move just yet as the wetness against her skin cooled and the remnants of her pee snaked their way down her legs and dripped off her shorts and her thighs. Though not fully empty, she was feeling much more relieved, but this was eclipsed by her profound mortification. She knew her face was still a deep scarlet, and she wished very strongly that she could simply disappear—disappear without having to face the other customers, without having to explain to Angie, without being seen at all. Especially not by the strangers whose car she had just peed on.

At last, after wallowing for nearly ten seconds in her self-pitying trepidation, she finally took a deep breath, drew one hand across her face, and straightened up. Then, as delicately as she could, she raised her left foot and gently placed it next to her right one on the edge of the hood. The movement pressed more urine out of her soaked shorts, making it sprinkle over her tennis shoes. At the same time, her sopping panties, having noticeably cooled, were pressed up against her groin. Both sensations, each highly disagreeable in its own way, made her wince and redden afresh.

Still trying to avoid a confrontation with the occupants of the car, Lily let out a long, slow exhalation, steeled her nerves, and then hopped off the hood to the concrete floor of the car wash. Without saying a word or even turning her head at all, she walked resolutely away from the Suburban toward the door that led to the office and maintenance room. She was vaguely aware that any cars behind the one she had been washing could possibly also see her wet shorts, and she quickened her pace.

Once through the door, she slumped against the wall and tried not to burst into tears. Staring out through the tiny, dusty window in the door, she watched the Suburban, waiting for the inevitable complaint that would be coming. She just couldn’t endure being seen, or worse—confronted—like this. Even if she lost her job because of this incident, let it at least be after she’d had a chance to steal away and clean herself up. And finish using the bathroom. She still had to go.

But to her great surprise and relief, the car simply turned on its windshield washers for a few seconds and then drove out. Lily watched it in stunned disbelief. Was she in the clear? She let out a laugh of respite from her pent-up anxiety, releasing the breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding and finishing with a tiny, pathetic sob of overtaxed emotions, several tears dripping down her cheeks once more.

Once she’d gotten a hold of herself, she looked down at her shorts and pulled the cuffs up to survey the damage, sending a cascade of droplets out over the tile floor as she did so. Since she’d been leaning forward when she peed, the wet stain was limited virtually exclusively to the front. If she could find some way of covering herself from the front, she could maybe sneak out with no one the wiser. If, though. It was the middle of summer, so she didn’t have any kind of jacket to try to use—not to mention it would look pretty strange to see someone with anything tied around their waist in the front instead of the back. Maybe she would have to call Angie and get her help.

What troubled her was not so much having to confess to Angie that she’d wet herself—heaven knew she was used to it enough by now. No, it was the disconcerting way in which she’d wet herself this time. She was more familiar than she liked with the humiliation that followed an accident, caused by having an accident. But in this case, the humiliation had come first…and then she’d peed herself. She’d heard about losing bladder control from excitement or laughing too hard, and she’d experienced a loss of control due to fright—most recently, just two months ago—but could other emotions do the same thing? Was it possible…was it conceivable…to literally pee your pants out of embarrassment?

That was a terrifying concept. If it were true, it could basically relegate her to a vicious cycle: as soon as the idea of needing to pee entered her head, it would make her think of when she had had to go worse, which would make it harder to hold, which would remind her of wetting her pants, which would make her have to go even more, which would bring to mind the shame of having an accident—and then she would have an accident.

In response to these panicked ideas flashing through her mind, Lily could feel her bladder tightening again, and she knew she had to hurry up and get Angie’s help to get out unnoticed. Peeking back through the window, she still couldn’t see her anywhere, though she did see the line of cars—up to four now—undoubtedly getting increasingly impatient. Going out the way she came in was a no-no.

Turning her head the other direction, she weighed her options. Mr. Armstrong was probably in his office, and she definitely didn’t want him to see her like this. The only other choice was the maintenance room. Normally, she and Angelica weren’t allowed in there without Mr. Armstrong’s supervision, but right now it was the best choice she had. She pulled her phone out of her pocket, ready to call Angelica, and stealthily twisted the doorknob, careful not to make any noise.

Just then, a voice from off to her side made her yelp and jump nearly out of her skin. Like a ghostly apparition manifesting itself out of nowhere, Mr. Armstrong was suddenly there, looking at her inquisitively. His question was innocuous enough; just a simple “Lily? What are you doing?” It held no undertones of accusation or anger, only simple, straightforward curiosity. Nevertheless, it was enough to make her heartrate shoot up and a surge of adrenaline send prickly sensations all down her spine. She hurriedly dropped her hand from the door and faced him, her expression full of surprise, guilt, chagrin, and fear. Her breathing had also quickened, and as Mr. Armstrong’s question hung in the air, the only sounds Lily could hear were her own nervous respirations, themselves nearly drowned out by the thumping of her heart in her eardrums.

Mr. Armstrong’s questioning gaze roved from her face to the maintenance room door, and then from the door to Lily’s shorts. She could see him raise his eyebrows slightly as he took in the obvious wetness over her crotch, and, if he looked closely enough, doubtless still on her legs. Lily could feel her bladder muscles constricting again as her face once more flushed. A small jocular smile appeared on Mr. Armstrong’s lips as he reestablished eye contact with her and asked, his voice congenial, “Did ya, uh, did ya have a little accident out there?” He chuckled, and Lily forced out a nervous chuckle also. She hoped—she hoped desperately—that he assumed she had merely gotten water splashed on her. In a car wash, surely that was the most reasonable conclusion.

But then, with a haunting dismay, she remembered the car she had peed on. Yes, they had driven away now, but what if they called in to complain later? Even if they didn’t, they would never forget the time that the girl at the car wash had wet her pants on their hood. And now—now she was standing right in front of her boss with those same wet clothes. A shiver, only half of cold, went through her. Even if he didn’t connect the dots, it didn’t change the fact that the evidence of her incontinence was staring him right in the face. She wanted to run away, to vanish, but she had nowhere to go. While Mr. Armstrong was standing here in the hallway, the maintenance room was off-limits, and the only other choice was to go back out to the line of cars—at least some of which had probably also seen her pee herself. She was rooted to the spot in anxiety, her legs shaking and her pee swelling up inside her.

Both Mr. Armstrong’s chuckle and Lily’s reciprocation had died down, leaving only an awkward silence in which he watched her in slightly uncomfortable confusion and she gaped back in fearful discomfiture. As she stared in timid apprehension, wishing he would go back to his office, she could suddenly hear, over the buzz of the fluorescent lights and the muffled outside noises, a faint tic…tic…tic tic tic tic. Before she could place what the noise was, however, she saw a change come over Mr. Armstrong’s face. His expression suddenly became one of unnerved sensibility and his eyes dropped to Lily’s legs again. Lily followed suit, looking down at herself also, and gasped.

The wetness on her thighs had been refreshed into a shiny black stain directly under her crotch and extending down her left leg. Evidently, without even feeling it, she had been leaking into her shorts, which were now dripping her urine down from her left cuff onto the tile floor, where it made little audible splashes over her tennis shoes as it formed a miniature puddle.

Lily was aghast and her face was ashen as she raised it back toward Mr. Armstrong. Her mouth was hanging open, and her eyes were wide with shock. She tried to swallow, tried to form words, to find something to say that would explain this all away and take that look of combined uneasiness, disgust, and pity off his face. She began to speak.

“I—”

Her voice cracked and failed. He looked her in the eye, and she could feel all the humiliation rushing over her once more.

“I—I—”

But no words came, and she felt ready to be swallowed up in indelible ignominy. Her face went hot with shame, and so did her underwear as she lost all control again.

She stood there, jaw slack and face white, as the sheer embarrassment caused her to wet her pants a second time. She was frozen, unable to move, as her pee flooded swelteringly into her panties, reheating them before continuing out through her shorts. Now that she was standing straight, she could feel her urine go up in the back, the calefaction spreading out under her butt and up in the middle. It also trickled down her legs beneath her rear end, soaking into her socks again and pooling around her feet. Separate streams broke off from between her thighs and off her calves as well, splattering noisily into the puddle and making it grow around her tennis shoes.

Lily looked down at the mess she was making, brushing her hair out of her face, and then covered her face with her hands. She kept wetting for about twelve seconds, the sensation of her pee flowing down her quivering legs and splashing on the floor seeming to stretch the time out interminably. At last, trembling with stunned disgrace, she was empty, the final feeble spurts making the remaining few drops dribble down into her puddle, which was now close to two feet wide.

Lily didn’t want to move her hands, didn’t want to look at Mr. Armstrong…or be looked at by him. She couldn’t believe she had just peed herself right in front of her boss. While not the first time she had had an accident in front of someone, it was made so much worse by the fact that she was now, for all intents and purposes, an adult. She was too old to not be able to control her bladder. How would he react? Would he fire her, having learned now what he didn’t know when he’d hired her: that this decently self-confident young woman, the top of her class, had apparently never been properly potty trained? Or if he didn’t let her go, how could she face him again after this?

Her miserable internal despondency was interrupted by Mr. Armstrong’s voice, sounding almost as uncomfortable as she was. “Oh…oh dear. Well. Um, well. I suppose maybe you ought to head home to change. And…why don’t you go ahead and take the rest of the day off.” Lily dejectedly uncovered her face, sniffled, and pushed a loose strand of blonde hair behind her ear. Still not making eye contact, she nodded and shifted her leg, making a squish and sending a new fusillade of drops to the ground.

Mr. Armstrong cleared his throat. “But this will need to be cleaned up first. There’s a mop and bucket in the maintenance room. Just…get enough up so no one will slip.” Then, before Lily could even react, the sound of the phone ringing from inside his office drew him away and he was gone. She wanted to object, wanted to protest the humiliation of being made to mop up her own pee puddle—but in reality, what would she say? So she was an adult now, was she? That meant taking responsibility, including cleaning up her own messes—in this case, literally. Slipping into the maintenance room, she tried to move carefully to keep her fast-cooling wet clothes from dripping any more. Before getting the mop and bucket, though, she turned on her phone screen again to text Angelica to explain what happened and ask if she could take the car to drive home. Then, without waiting for a reply, she grabbed what she needed, took a deep breath, and set to her task.

###

By the time Angelica returned, Lily had finished cleaning up the floor as best she could and was waiting bashfully in the maintenance room. The line of cars had become increasingly impatient, and the one in the front and the one in the back had both given up and left. Angelica was greeted by the sight of Mr. Armstrong, wearing his button-down shirt and dress pants, busily working away at the hood of the Ford Focus now in the front. As soon as he caught her in his peripheral vision, he straightened up, stretched his back with a grimace, wiped his forehead, and called out to her. “Angelica! Good, you’re back. We’re a little backed up here. Can you take over?” Then, without waiting for her to ask any questions, he dropped his voice. “I let Lily off for the rest of the day. She…um, had a little…accident, I’m afraid. So if I can’t get a technician out here to fix the system, we’ll probably have to close the wash early, since we can’t keep up with the work like this. I’m sorry.”

Angelica nodded and gave a slightly somber smile. She held her phone up. “Yeah, Lily told me. I just need to give her the car key so she can go home.”

Mr. Armstrong breathed a sigh and turned a little red, evidently relieved by not having to tiptoe around what had really happened. The whole front of his shirt was damp with exertion, and he took off his glasses to draw an arm across his face. “I need to go back to trying to get find someone to come out here. Just let me know if you need anything.” He handed her the sponge he had been working with and used a hand to stretch his back again before retreating into the side door again. Angelica gave a quick “I’ll be right back” hand gesture to the driver of the car and then followed.

She knocked lightly on the maintenance door. “Lil? It’s me.” A moment later, the door cracked open and she could see Lily’s glum face peering out. To the questioning gaze, Angelica replied gently, “Mr. Armstrong’s in his office. It’s just me.”

Lily dispiritedly swung the door open all the way, letting Angelica see the extent of her accident. The entire front of her shorts was dark with urine in a wide radius around her crotch and down to the cuffs. There was no hiding what had happened.

“Here, maybe if you carry something in front of you and I walk directly behind you, we can keep this from being seen. I’ll put a trash bag down on my car seat.” Angelica was in her problem-solving mode, assessing the status of Lily’s clothes without the least bit of shock. Lily had peed herself enough times in front of her—they had both peed themselves enough times in front of each other—that it didn’t faze her anymore. On the one hand, this even-keeled response was invaluable in her friendship with Lily, but on the other hand, it occasionally made her forget what it was like for her. Now, as she got no response, she looked full in Lily’s face. The bashful dejection written there snapped her back to the reality of the situation, that her best friend needed a friend right now, not a life coach. Her features softening, she moved in to give Lily a hug, leaning in to avoid touching her wet clothes.

Pulling out of the hug, Angelica handed the car key to Lily. “Here you go. Just make sure to come pick me up at the end of the shift, unless I call you earlier. Mr. Armstrong thinks we may have to close early today.”

Lily nodded in understanding. “Sure thing, Angie.” Then she blew out a long breath and ran her hands through her hair. A small smile chanced its way onto her face. “Thank you.”

“Of course, Lil! Come on, you’d do the same for me. We’re here for each other.”

It took a few minutes for them to arrange a system that blocked the view of Lily’s shorts. In the end, Lily walked out carrying a box of paper towels conveniently in front of her groin, and Angelica followed close behind with a box of cleaner. They walked out as casually as they could manage, Angelica giving a conciliatory expression at the driver, who had thrown up his hands at her in restless irritation. As soon as they could, they got Lily set up discreetly in the car. Angelica then jogged back inside, wanting to keep the cars from waiting any longer. A tingle in her bladder indicated that she would need to get a bathroom break herself at some point. Ordering the large soft drink with her lunch meal had probably been overdoing it. Still, it would have to wait.

###

An hour later, Angelica was sorely regretting her decision. Even with the “Hand Wash Only” sign in front, enough cars were coming in to keep her occupied non-stop with no opportunity to step away. Mr. Armstrong, meanwhile, was busy contacting anyone and everyone he could who might be able to come and service their computer system, so he couldn’t cover for her. As the red Toyota Corolla exited the car wash, she stepped to the side to refill her soap bucket, stretching her aching back from side to side in the process. If only she could do something about her aching bladder.

Of course, the fact that Lily had already wet her shorts was weighing heavily on her mind at this point. Yes, because of Lily’s condition, she was more prone to incontinence. Nevertheless, there had been multiple inexplicable incidents where the two had both had accidents, and it was putting Angelica on higher alert. She was determined for today not to be one of those times. As such, she was keeping careful tabs on her urgency level, resolved that as soon as it got high enough, she would just tell Mr. Armstrong she was going to use the bathroom. Better safe than sorry.

The only problem, naturally, with paying such close attention to her bladder was that she was unable to ignore the signals it gave off as all the Canada Dry she’d had over lunch was now making its way through her. Stepping up to the white Chevy Impala that had rolled up, she could feel the liquid weighing heavily in her lower abdomen. Clenching her jaw and wiping the back of her hand across her forehead, she started scouring away at the dirt highlighted clearly against the white paint. This was the fourth car she’d had to wash since lunch, and all her muscles were protesting. Reaching out over the middle of the hood, she wondered what time it was. She didn’t have a chance to pull out her phone while her hands were constantly dripping with soap suds.

As she was working the sponge back and forth, trying to be as thorough as she could, she cast a weary look back toward the door that led to the office hall. She had hoped that Mr. Armstrong would have an answer by now as to whether someone would be coming or not. The interminable hand washing, with no breaks and very little breeze to move the torpidly humid air inside the car wash, and especially her growing need to pee, were all chipping away at her vigor. Her hand motions were slowing down, and she paused for a moment to switch hands before resuming.

Just then, as if in response to her longsuffering lassitude, the door to the office opened and Mr. Armstrong stepped out. His face bore an optimistic expression, and Angelica smiled tiredly on one side of her mouth as she faced him. He spoke. “Good news! I was able to get someone to come today and fix the sensor array.”

Angelica nodded gladly, letting out a relieved sigh. “Oh, wonderful. I don’t think I could keep up with cleaning all these cars on my own.”

Mr. Armstrong’s brow furrowed in sympathy. “Yeah. I’m sorry about that. But here, he should be here in about half an hour, so let me help you with washing until he gets here.”

Angelica smiled in gratitude. She didn’t think most bosses at jobs like this would be so caring toward their employees. “Thank you.” He nodded in response before taking over cleaning the car roof. Now with the workforce doubled, the job didn’t seem quite so daunting.

Of course, with her workload alleviated, Angelica considered asking for a break to alleviate her bladder as well. She paused, opened her mouth to ask, then closed it again, reconsidering. The technician would be here in half an hour, right? Probably once he came, there couldn’t be any cars inside the wash corridor, so she would get a break from this. That would be fine. She would just hold it until then. Even now, as they wrapped up the washing of the Impala and she began rinsing, she witnessed Mr. Armstrong walk down toward the entrance to pull a chain across, not allowing any more vehicles to enter. After the Impala there were another three cars. That should be enough work for the next thirty minutes.

She hosed down the Chevy thoroughly, cheerful about the news and also trying to keep her mind off her growing need to pee. She told herself that thirty minutes would be just fine, no problem at all. If only she didn’t have to go as much as she did right now—and if only her job didn’t involve constant flowing water. As she adjusted the hose in her hands, she tried to dissociate the act of rinsing from the reality of rushing liquid, complete with the noises of splashing and dripping. As they moved on to the next car, she briefly paused to lift up one leg, then the other. Attempting to block out the various sights and sounds of water required her to lose herself in her thoughts, but it was difficult to think about anything other than finding a bathroom. Especially considering what had happened to Lily.

Angelica stopped and shook her head to clear it. She couldn’t keep letting her thoughts dwell on that! Sure, she needed to pee, but she could hold it until a break came. And if she began to enter the danger zone, she would go sooner. Right now, though, she would hold it. She couldn’t go through life constantly afraid of having an accident. She needed to be able to will herself into control, mind over matter. She needed to keep these incidents from continuing—instances like the one two months prior.

The memories of that night drifted back to her. She and Brian had finally been able to share their feelings for each other, and now they were boyfriend and girlfriend. What Brian didn’t know, though—at least, Angelica hoped he didn’t know—was that she had wet herself when they had gone in for their first kiss. Now, two months into their relationship, she had never let on about that accident or any of the others that she had had, besides the one he had witnessed years before. Deep down, she felt that it was inevitable that she would have to confess her periodical incontinences to him, especially if they continued. Which is why they couldn’t continue. She didn’t want to imagine what his response would be.

Without her even realizing it, these turbulent musings had been unconsciously successful in distracting her, and before she noticed, she was refilling the soap bucket to finish washing the last car. Good! Relief was in sight. The promise of soon deliverance from the pain in her lower abdomen made her muscles tense up, and she had to drop to a crouch as she filled the bucket again, breathing evenly to stay in control. She clenched, crossing one leg over the other, until the wave had passed. Okay, she should really go find a restroom now. But she was nearly done! She simply had to wrap up this one final car, and then she would be free.

When she returned to the car, she could see that Mr. Armstrong was standing by the entryway, talking to someone. Apparently the technician had arrived. That was good. Once he went to work, she would probably have to be out of the way, and she would promptly cross the street and empty herself at the Taco Bell there. She stepped quickly back over to the car and began vigorously scrubbing at the trunk, revitalized by being so close to relief.

Just then, though, she heard a voice she didn’t expect call her name. In surprise, she spun her head around to see the speaker. There, standing next to Mr. Armstrong and approaching, stood not one technician, but two. The first was a man probably in his late fifties, presumably the lead technician. But next to him was a much younger man, ostensibly one who was learning the trade. Not just any young man, either. One with familiar auburn hair, bright eyes, and plucky smile. It was Brian.

Angelica’s eyes lit up upon seeing her boyfriend. It clicked now—he was currently doing his apprenticeship to be an electrician—but it still hadn’t crossed her mind that he might be one of the people Mr. Armstrong would contact. “Brian! Hey!” As he strode forward to give her a hug, she giggled as she had to be careful not to touch her soapy hands to his shirt. He squeezed her tightly, and she gritted her teeth against the sudden new pressure on her bladder. Finally he pulled away, still grinning boyishly.

Angelica was smiling broadly on one side. “I didn’t expect to see you today.” She rocked on her feet in a way that she hoped looked coquettish.

“I know, me neither. I didn’t piece it together until we were driving out here that this might be the car wash that you worked at. I texted you to ask about it.”

Angelica held up her wet hands. “Yeah, I haven’t exactly been able to check my phone.”

Both of them laughed, and Brian’s eyes twinkled. “Hey, since I’m here now, what do you say you and me go out for ice cream after we’re done?” Before she could answer, he turned his head in response to his boss calling his name. “I’ve got to go now. Go out after?” He leaned in and gave her a quick kiss.

“Sure, that sounds fun!” Angelica called after him. He pointed both hands at her in confirmation before slow-jogging over to where the head technician stood with Mr. Armstrong.

Angelica returned to working on this, the last car to wash, with a newfound pep and a smile on her face. What a nice surprise, and what better way to finish the day than with a surprise date with Brian. It was almost enough to take her mind off the pain in her abdomen. Almost, but not quite. She really had to go.

Finishing the last of the scrubbing, she hurriedly dumped out her soap bucket and shook her hands to rid them of the suds still clinging to them. She grabbed the hose and began rinsing the car off. It was just this and then a final window wash, and she would be free to go use the bathroom.

As she worked, she periodically glanced back over at Brian. He looked so handsome and manly, talking through the different electronic components with his boss like a true professional. His hair, his eyes, the look of concentration on his face as he nodded in understanding, the way he was leaning on the wall next to the lead technician—oh, she could just watch him and never stop. She giggled to herself as it hit her once again that he was her boyfriend. It still hadn’t fully sunken in, and she hoped that it never would. Even now, just thinking about it gave her butterflies in her stomach.

Unfortunately, the fluttery feeling was not limited to her stomach. Down in her bladder, swollen as it now was from her large drink over lunch, twitching, pulsing sensations were prickling. Using a hose wasn’t particularly helping, either. Crossing one leg over the other, she tried to focus, focus on finishing up, then she could go and just pee.

It also wasn’t helping her situation that Brian was here. Of course, she was exuberant at his unexpected arrival and wouldn’t change that…but at the same time, she thought of her earlier inner turmoil at the possibility of having to confess her accidents to him, and how right after that, he had arrived. What did it mean? She had wet her pants the first time they had been alone together, and then again when they solidified their relationship two months ago. What made it even more ominous was the fact that she had come close to peeing herself that day, but didn’t, before he met up with her; and then afterwards she did pee herself. She didn’t, he arrived, and then she did. Not to mention her experience last year at the amusement park—one that involved the bizarre connection between wetting herself, sexual attraction to Brian, and getting spanked—which she still hadn’t fully sorted out in her head and preferred not to think about.

All these thoughts now were only making her condition worse. As she used the hose for the last of the rinsing, she paused to briefly bend over, waiting for the wave of desperate pain to pass. Blushing a little, she glanced over to make sure Brian hadn’t seen her. Thankfully, he was still occupied with his own work. Man, this was getting bad. She almost wished she weren’t almost done. It would at least make more sense to ask for a break in the middle of work than when there couldn’t be more than two minutes left.

Taking a deep breath and giving her body a little shake, Angelica resolutely grabbed the squeegee and took to working down the windshield. Her strokes were rapid and forceful, allowing no second-guessing or attention to detail. It didn’t matter at this point. The only thing that mattered was getting done with this so she could go pee!

Stroke, stroke, stroke, dip, squeeze—the seconds ticked by as tingling needles went through her bladder. Almost done. She was almost done. She was going to make it. She wasn’t going to have another accident in front of Brian!

Windshield done, now rear window. Rear window done, now side windows...she had to bob down and up, lifting one leg up behind the other…wipe away the water…her muscles were all taut, all down into her legs…and then she was done! At last!

As the car drove slowly forward to exit the car wash, Angelica quickly stowed the squeegee and bucket back in their place off to the side. Then, in as dignified a manner as she could, she straightened herself up and walked briskly over to where the three men were standing. As she approached, Brian looked up and smiled at her again. She returned it, brushing a strand of brown hair behind her ear, and doing her best not to look like she needed to pee as badly as she did.

She cleared her throat. “Mr. Armstrong? That was the last car.”

Mr. Armstrong looked up with a face of tired satisfaction. “Ah, great. Thank you so much, Angelica. I know today wasn’t a normal day, what with…everything that happened. You can head home now. I’ll see you tomorrow.” His attention was drawn away again by the technician.

Angelica nodded and turned. She didn’t know how much longer Brian would be, or any of the details of their date tonight, but those could all wait. Right now priority number one was going number one. The Taco Bell bathroom was calling out to her, promising near relief. She stepped mincingly back the way she came, toward the exit. Her leg muscles were tensed up all the way down into the arches of her feet, and she put her weight on the balls of her feet as she walked. Her urine was as heavy as liquid gold inside her, and all that mass was bearing down, down, down on her overtaxed sphincter. She sucked in a deep breath as the ache of her bladder once more mounted, hovered, and descended. She wanted to move faster, but it was difficult to walk quickly when her butt was clenched as tightly as it was.

As she strode down the now-empty car lane she felt a sudden jab of pain in her right foot. Something had gotten inside her shoe, forcing her to hobble to a stop. Irritated at the unwelcome interruption, she shuffled haltingly toward the railing separating the car lane from the maintenance walkway. Coming to a stop next to one of the main roller brushes, she used the railing for balance while she pulled off her tennis shoe and inverted it, banging the sole to dislodge whatever was inside. A small concrete pebble dropped out, and, satisfied and increasingly desperate, Angelica reached down to put on her shoe again.

Just then, though, a mechanical whir, deafening in the otherwise placid tunnel, boomed out, resonating in the air. Angelica jumped, startled by the machinery evidently coming back to life. Unfortunately, the abrupt roar momentarily jerked her out of her precarious state of bladder control, and a one-second spurt of pee slipped past her defenses and out into her underwear. She gasped, grabbing her crotch and crossing one leg over the other to make sure no more escaped. Then, with a blush, she turned back toward where Brian was standing next to his boss and a very pleased-looking Mr. Armstrong to make sure no one had seen her. Uncrossing her legs, she pulled her hand out from between her thighs and checked to see the damage. There was a miniscule dark spot, right at the center of her crotch, but it was minimal. As long as she made it the rest of the way to the toilet without incident, most likely nobody would notice.

However, with the noise all around her and her attention fixed on her shorts, she was oblivious to the shouts of warning coming from the other end of the car wash, and oblivious as well to the motorized whine as the roller brush to her right revved to life. Already its flat, leather-like synthetic rubber bristles were too close for comfort, but this particular brush ought to have been replaced a long time ago. About two thirds of the way down, where the brush would normally slather a mixture of cleaning chemicals and water against the side mirrors, repeated use had left several of the strands partially detached and hanging loosely and limply several feet lower than the rest. Now, though, as the motor suddenly spun up with a loud whoosh, those elongated strips found themselves swinging out and lining up at the perfect height—not of a car door, but of Angelica’s rear end.

She let out a shriek as the rubber slapped across her cheeks, knocking her forward, where she slammed against the walkway railing. The force of the impact caused another jet of urine to leak out, but she didn’t even have a chance to react to it, since before she could even move, the errant bristles swung around again, smacking her across the backside once more. She was pinned, unable to move, unable to escape, her bladder still on the verge of exploding. The roller brush was rapidly gaining momentum, however, and the rubber struck out again, then again, faster and faster.

Smack…smack…smack…smack…smack—the brush continued its beating, the synthetic material mercilessly chastising her bottom. The skin on the backs of her thighs was by now bright red where visible, and still the punishment continued. Her entire rear was on fire with smarting pain, her bladder throbbing with pain of a different kind. Over the din of the machinery and her own cries of agony, she could hear Brian’s voice, now much closer behind her, shouting her name in distress, fear in his voice. She half turned her head, but she couldn’t see him or turn any more. Still, she could tell he was as close as he could get safely.

Knowing that Brian was right there brought a small morsel of comfort to Angelica’s otherwise-panicked brain. As long as he was there, surely he would be able to get her out of this. However, that part of her mind was massively overshadowed by the realization that he had a clear view of her butt as she was pinned there, with its muscles tight and her legs open, as the machine delivered its brutal spanking. And on top of it, she was about to burst. Her cheeks were hot and red with embarrassment, and her other cheeks were hot and red for an entirely different reason.

But then, receiving this corporal punishment brought back to the surface what had happened at the amusement park close to exactly one year before. She had climaxed—twice—and then peed her pants—twice—and both times she had imagined what it would be like if she were spanked by Brian. And now here she was, getting spanked—and here Brian was, too, standing behind her. The pain in her bottom began to take on a strange new sensation, as though her pain receptors were overlapping with the pleasure parts of her brain and releasing a flood of endorphins.

At this rate, that wasn’t the only flood they would be releasing, either…but Angelica could no longer help herself. Her breathing and heartrate quickened, her yelps of pain morphing into involuntary grunts reminiscent of her time on the roller coaster, and she found herself unconsciously bending at the waist and protruding her butt out into the path of the straps. Now that the skin was stretched more tightly across her rear end, the rubber strips stung even more severely as they waled her buttocks and thighs, and the pain was mounting more and more…and close by, in the front, the pain in her bladder was also mounting, about to break…and right in between the two was that special place, untouched for a year, now being galvanized back into life, ecstatic, electric pleasure swelling up in it…

…and Brian was standing right there…

Angelica screamed and wet her pants. All the pent-up urine, trapped for hours and begging for release, escaped in jubilant freedom. It sprayed forcefully into her panties, saturating them immediately in warm, sizzling moistness. A second later, the wetness blossomed on her shorts also, spreading out underneath her right butt cheek. She stood there, breathless and shaking, as the dark and shiny stain extended down her leg, meeting the cuff of her shorts and spilling off her shaking leg to puddle on the concrete. Her face was deeply flushed, and her grunts were now becoming panting moans as her hot pee flooded her underwear, the heat only serving to further fuel her waxing sexual excitement.

As more and more urine pumped out of her, the wet spot on her shorts extended down her left leg as well and continued expanding broadly underneath her butt. The glistening sheen was now transforming the smack of the rubber strands into a sharp splat sound, each recurrent blow sending a flourish of sparkling golden droplets scattering as it connected with the sodden material of Angelica’s shorts. Still gripping the railing with white knuckles, she dropped her head, gasping for breath, and watched as the darkness grew across the front of her crotch as well, expanding inexorably outwards down her thighs and shooting out in a stream over the floor. The sheer bliss of relieving herself, the warmth surrounding her genitalia, and the feeling as if Brian were putting her over his knee all built together towards a mounting orgasm.

Even the embarrassment of him standing right there witnessing her accident was somehow only turning her on more. As slap after slap sent showers of coruscating pee drops flying every which way, sprinkling and tinkling over the floor like a Jackson Pollock of humiliation, the wave finally crested. Angelica screamed again, a throaty outburst of sheer carnal euphoria, as she climaxed. Her knees buckled, and she sagged against the railing, supported only by her arms. The pulses of pleasure coursed through her body, amplified by the fact that she was still peeing. Her underwear felt not only wet but also slippery, as more than just urine had been expelled into them.

By now, the technician had been able to kill the power to the system, and the brush began slowly spinning down. The swats against her grew weaker and weaker until dying away altogether. Her pee trickled to a stop, though she wasn’t empty yet, the last vestiges of it snaking down her trembling calves and soaking her ankle socks and tennis shoes. Drips from her crotch and cuffs plip plip plipped into the puddle around her feet, which was by now about three feet wide. Angelica herself was also coming down from her high, her breathing still labored and hoarse. It felt as though all the tension in her entire body was dissipating, and she no longer had the strength to hold herself up. She collapsed onto her knees and began falling backwards when she felt Brian’s strong arms suddenly there, keeping her from falling.

Her head lolled to the side and beheld Brian’s face, full of fear and worry, searching hers, making sure she was all right. In the aftermath of her orgasm, it was the handsomest thing she had ever seen. Her face was still warm with an erotic flush and her eyelids were drooping with dreamy languor. If she had had the energy, she would have kissed him.

But right then, her rear end sank onto her feet, and the angry red marks left by the rubber paddling sent out a rush of fiery stinging pain. She yelped, jerked forward, and grabbed her poor smarting butt with her hands, trying to soothe away the flaming temper of where she had been cruelly chastised. The newfound stab of pain made all her muscles tighten, like electrical wires in frog legs, and as she leaned forward on her knees, hands on her bottom and Brian’s arms around her, her bladder seized up and she started peeing in her pants again.

The pee refreshed the tepid moistness into hot wetness, and she felt as her panties became heavy again and the liquid spread itself down the insides of her thighs once more before spilling out of her shorts to puddle around her knees. She didn’t move, didn’t try to stop, didn’t try to fight the course of Nature. Instead, she merely stayed on her knees, holding her behind, as she emptied herself of every last drop inside her. At last, once she was done, she still didn’t move, didn’t say anything. She stayed stock still, facing forward, only breathing heavily and occasionally wincing from the needles of pain in her still-sensitive backside.

Brian didn’t say anything either, but she could tell from how he was moving next to her that he was giving some kind of hand gestures to the other two, and since they were staying at the other end of the car wash, she gathered that he was apparently motioning for them to stay where they were. Angelica was grateful at his attempt to protect her dignity, but she couldn’t be sure that they hadn’t seen her accident anyway. She also felt an impenetrable labyrinth of convoluted emotions about Brian being here right now. On the one hand, of course, she wished she could just disappear. This was now the third time she had wet herself in front of him, though he hadn’t been aware of the second time, and it was worse even than the first time. One accident could be chalked up to a freak occurrence, but two? How could she ever explain this to him?

And yet…on the other hand, she felt at peace. Partly, no doubt, because they were now officially a couple, and she didn’t have to worry so much about what he thought about her. And the other part—could she even make sense of it? Ever since she had met Lily, she had begun to have periodic accidents, though always when Lily did, today being no exception. But it hadn’t been until peeing her pants at the amusement park the year before that her accidents had taken on a different feel, one connected inextricably to Brian.

No, that wasn’t quite right. It had been before that, when she had first seen him again at Brenda Davis’s house. In a way she couldn’t even make sense of herself, if wetting herself apart from Lily felt wrong, wetting herself in front of Brian almost felt right. She remembered reading somewhere that friends sit next to each other, and lovers sit facing each other. Likewise, Lily, as her friend, was by her side to share the experience with her; but Brian, as her boyfriend, was in front of her to witness it.

Still, while this peculiar new tranquility was all well and good in theory, right here and now she was still in sopping clothes and kneeling in her own puddle. She could feel Brian gently pulling her to her feet, and she managed to get up with only minimal complaints from her rear end. As she got her feet underneath herself again, a final spray of droplets was released down into the puddle, with a rivulet or two also snaking down her legs.

Brian delicately pulled her into a hug. “Are you okay, Angie? Do you need me to drive you home?”

Angelica took a deep breath and pushed a strand of hair behind her ear from where it had been matted onto her sweaty face, then nodded. Without turning back even to explain himself to his boss, Brian walked her to the exit and to the strip mall’s parking lot. Once there, though, he put a hand on his face in defeated realization and let out a “Crap.”

Angelica faced him. “What’s wrong?”

Brian sighed deeply, the sound of someone trying in vain to fix something they broke. “I forgot that we drove here in the company van. I don’t have any way of getting you home.” His voice sounded so sympathetic that Angelica almost wanted to cry.

“It’s okay, Brian. Trust me. I’ll call Lily, like I was going to do anyway. She’ll come and pick me up.”

Brian met her gaze, his eyes full of compassion. “Are you sure, Angie?”

She nodded, smiling affectionately on one side. Then, before he could argue, she stood up on her tiptoes to kiss him.

He returned the kiss briefly, but then pulled back and turned to look back inside. “I, um, I should probably get back now.” He rubbed the back of his head. “I’m guessing we won’t be going on that date tonight?”

Angelica swallowed. Why did that have to get ruined? “No, probably not.” Then, to keep the conversation from ending that way, she added, “Next week?”

Brian nodded and forced a smile. “Sure. Next week sounds good.” He began to back away, back into the car wash.

His face bore an expression that Angelica couldn’t place, but somehow it was filling her stomach with unease. Sure, she had discovered to her shock that she didn’t mind peeing herself in front of Brian, but there was no guarantee that he felt the same way. An emotion she couldn’t name was bearing down on her, and the next thing she knew, she blurted out, “I love you.”

Brian didn’t answer. He didn’t respond. In quite possibly the worst reaction he could have given, he merely stayed silent for a second or two before giving an almost imperceptible nod and a simple “I’ll see you later.” Then he turned away and strode back into the car wash, which now, in the clear afternoon daylight, looked dark and unfriendly.

Angelica’s stomach was tight as she pulled out her phone to call Lily and explain what happened. She was careful to omit the part about Brian being there, and about how he had seemed to grow cold toward her when saying goodbye. She was mainly afraid that if she tried to talk about it, she would start crying. She just couldn’t face that right now. For her part, Lily promised to be there as soon as she could, which meant close to half an hour of waiting.

Not wanting to see back inside the car wash, Angelica found a relatively secluded spot on the curb by the other side of the parking lot. Her butt now recovered enough for her to sit, there she sat, folding her arms over her lap to diminish the conspicuousness of her accident, and waited for Lily, all while trying to swallow the lump in her throat that wouldn’t go away.

~Aftermath~

The drive back home had a stiff and uncomfortable atmosphere to it. Lily had arrived in a new change of clothes and with the passenger seat covered with a trash bag and had seemed genial enough, but despite Angelica’s best attempts to act like nothing was wrong, their conversation never attained the degree of lively banter that it normally would. She also noticed that Lily kept giving her glances throughout the ride. Most likely she suspected that something was not quite right, but Angelica was desperately hoping that she would merely assume it was the embarrassment following an accident.

Since it was Angelica’s car, normally they would stop at Lily’s house first, and then Angelica would return to her own home. Today, though, she just wanted to get home and be by herself, in private, as soon as possible. She did her best to offer Lily the car for tonight in as nonchalant a way as possible, ostensibly so that they wouldn’t have to cover the driver’s seat as well, but based on the look Lily gave her in return, she knew that her feigned composure was being seen through. Still, Lily didn’t argue, and shortly thereafter dropped Angelica off.

Once at her own house, Angelica slipped inside undetected, then stole away to her room to strip down and change. The heaviness in her gut hadn’t abated, but she was coasting on pure momentum now. It wasn’t until a few minutes later, in the shower, that she was finally still enough for the dam to break. Her bottled-up angst broke free in a sob, which quickly devolved into painful, retching bawling of fearful anxiety. She curled up on the floor of the shower, not caring about the water splashing all over the side of her face, as she convulsed with dejected blubbering. She had been so happy. Everything with Brian had been like a dream come true. All her past instances that would have prevented her from being with him had disappeared in the wind, and they had actually become boyfriend and girlfriend—and best of all, he was the one who had initiated it. She had thought she had given him every reason to be scared off, but he hadn’t been.

But then, today, it had all fallen apart. After only two months of dating. Two months—was that even enough time to develop a mature relationship? For all she knew, the Angelica that Brian had fallen in love with was not who she was. She had never told him about her accidents, and he had probably assumed that the one he had witnessed was an isolated incident, like it would be for any normal person. Her worst fears were coming true. He really hadn’t known what he was getting into, dating her, and now he wanted out.

She wearily lifted herself up on one arm. Was that really true, though? He’d been compassionate enough after she’d wet herself, showing genuine concern—was his aloofness at the end simply him processing what had happened? She had no way of knowing what he was thinking…or what he was feeling. Then the words rang in her ears again: “I love you.” And he hadn’t said anything back.

The tears had stopped flowing, but only because she had run out. In her gut, she didn’t actually feel any better. She finished her shower, washing her face, and drank some water. Then she grabbed a packet of Pop-Tarts from the kitchen, retreated upstairs, changed into her pajamas, and locked the door.

The next morning, Angelica awoke feeling like garbage. She had slept very poorly, her sleep haunted by unsettling dreams, and the Pop-Tarts she had eaten without brushing her teeth had left a horrendous taste in her mouth. She checked her phone. It was later than she would normally get up, providing her not much more than enough time to get dressed and ready for Lily to pick her up. She quickly threw on a pair of jeans and an old T-shirt, hoping Lily had remembered to leave earlier than normal. She also saw, to her dismay, that there hadn’t been any texts from Brian. Granted, she hadn’t texted him either, but that didn’t make her feel less dejected.

As it turned out, Lily hadn’t quite gotten started early enough, and both girls ended up arriving close to thirty minutes late for work. Lily in particular seemed highly reticent to go back and face Mr. Armstrong, and Angelica had to try to encourage her, saying that everything would be okay. Actively trying to help her friend also lifted her own spirits, if only a little. Mainly, though, it gave her the courage she needed to face the day.

Once at work, Mr. Armstrong never mentioned the events of the previous day, other than when he called Angelica into his office to have her sign a form having to do with legal liabilities regarding her getting beaten by the roller brush. She was only half-listening, but signed without complaint or question. When she had gotten dressed that morning, she had examined her rear end to see that the welts were far less noticeable today and would most likely heal within a day or two. Other than that one encounter, Mr. Armstrong never once referenced the incidents that had taken place, though he did seem somewhat more awkward in his demeanor and was careful to ask how the girls were doing rather frequently. Lily, however, tried to make herself scarce whenever he came out. Evidently she didn’t want to have to face him just yet.

It wasn’t until mid-afternoon that a text came in from Brian, reading simply “I’m sorry I didn’t call you last night. Can we talk tonight?” Reading it sent butterflies all through Angelica, and she went through four or five iterations of a response before settling on “Of course! I get off at five.” She was afraid to say anything more, afraid to get her hopes up. There was still the very real possibility that he would be wanting to talk only to give some form or another of “it’s not you; it’s me.” Though it may very well be “actually it is you. What kind of person pees themselves that much?”

All Brian sent back was “Thanks. I’ll call you once you’re off.” The maddening ambiguity of his messages made it impossible to think of anything besides what their conversation might or might not be about, and the rest of the afternoon was passed in gnawing suspense as she tried to think of every possible thing he might say and how to handle it. It was like bracing yourself for the results of a medical test—until you knew what it would be like, you had no real idea of how to be ready for it.

The agonizing apprehension occupied her mind through all the rest of the day, making her unnaturally laconic towards Lily. When Lily asked what was wrong, Angelica felt she couldn’t tell her—not yet, not until she and Brian had their talk and something definite came out. Until then, trying to share with someone else, even her best friend, would only worsen the sick feeling in her gut. It was this state of not knowing, of uncertainty, that was the worst of all. So all she ended up saying was that she couldn’t talk about it right now because she was waiting for more information, but hopefully could tomorrow. It was an uncharacteristically aloof answer, but Lily didn’t push the issue.

On the drive back home after dropping off Lily, Angelica found her heart was beating harder with anticipation, and all her nerves were on edge. If only she knew whether the outcome of the call would be good or bad—this was worse than any “we need to talk” she had ever had from a parent or a teacher before. Her throat was tightening again, and she had to keep swallowing. She yawned nervously, trying to calm her nerves.

In addition to the other physiological effects, to her chagrin, her need to pee was also noticeably increasing. The drive only provided her with more time alone with her tumultuous thoughts and steadily filling bladder. Her plan had been to text Brian that she was available to talk as soon as she got home, but as the minutes passed, she knew that she would definitely have to go use the bathroom first. By now, she was bouncing in her seat, unable to quell the urge to go.

At long last, she pulled into the driveway of her home, unbuckling her seatbelt before she had even turned off the car. Her bladder was tensing up, intermittently contracting, and she was getting more and more desperate. Car in park, ignition off. She vigorously rubbed her thighs before opening the door.

Just then, though, her phone began buzzing with a phone call. Pulling it out of her pocket, she saw that it was Brian. Without any warning, her muscles seized up, and she had to hurriedly cross one leg over the other and bend over to keep from leaking. This was it. Her breaths were trembling with anxiety as she pushed the button to answer the call. “Hi, Brian.” Try as she might, she couldn’t keep the quaver out of her voice.

“Hi, Angie.” Brian’s voice was soft, but that was no consolation in and of itself. “Listen, I’m really sorry about taking this long to talk. I…I really should have called last night.”

“Oh, no, that’s okay,” Angelica lied. Her voice by now was higher pitched than normal, and she had to do a walk in place and cross her legs to stay in control.

“Okay.” Silence. Angelica had to bite her lip, both to keep from letting her nervousness froth over into logorrhea or her urine spill out into her pants. Then Brian sighed and continued. “I guess I was just sorting through what happened yesterday. And…I guess I mainly wanted to ask, are you okay?”

Angelica bent into a crouch, trying to keep from leaking. “Uh, yeah,” she replied. At the moment, she was far from okay, but she knew what he meant. He didn’t realize just how strangely okay she really was with what had happened. All her angst had been due to wondering if ­he was okay with it.

“Are you sure? Because it really could’ve happened to anyone. I mean, I’m sure it was pretty terrifying for you.”

So, he thought she had peed herself from fear? Huh. Well, she certainly wasn’t about to correct him. That would be, if possible, even more embarrassing. Then realizing she hadn’t given any kind of answer, she stammered out, “I, uh, I mean, I mean yeah.” She used her free hand to give her crotch a squeeze.

Brian sighed again. Was he trying to work up the courage to ask her why she wet herself so much? Or worse—break up? Angelica stood back up, but with her hand still in between her thighs. If this went on much longer, she would end up wetting her pants again. Eventually, he spoke up, his voice lower. “When—when you said you loved me yesterday…did you mean it?”

Angelica was silent. Was this some sort of test? Some way of seeing if she really cared about him if she thought he was about to dump her? It wasn’t fair to ask a question like that, especially when she was about to totally soak herself. She stayed quiet, wishing it didn’t have to be this way, wishing that she could make Brian love her back just by the sheer force of desire. But she couldn’t. Nor could she act as though she didn’t really love him in a contemptible attempt at self-preservation. How did the quote go? “’Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all”? Finally, after a long pause during which she had to fight hard to keep her urine in check, she answered—a simple, barely audible “yes.”

Brian gave another sigh, this one sounding relieved. “It was after I realized that I couldn’t drive you home—I, I realized…that I was trying to fix it. And, like, I know, that’s what they say guys always try to do in relationships, but it’s not that—it’s more than that. And I just felt so bad.”

Angelica didn’t understand what he was trying to say, in part because of his half-formed statements, and in part because she was having trouble focusing on anything other than her tingling bladder. Her sphincter kept starting to loosen on its own accord, and she had to actively maintain a tight clench. She pushed her hair behind one ear and attempted to concentrate. “I’m sorry, Brian, I, I don’t understand…”

Brian kept talking, his pace quickening. “I realized that that time at the farm—I made you have an accident. It was my fault. I got us both lost so you couldn’t get to a bathroom. And then yesterday—yesterday it was the same thing. I was the one who powered everything up before making sure it was safe. And, and, Angie—Angie, I am so sorry. So, so sorry. It was my fault.”

Slowly, gloriously, it began settling in Angelica’s consciousness and heart the realization that all her fears had been misplaced. If she was understanding him right, Brian had been afraid that she would want to break up with him. The relief was so palpable that she actually laughed, despite her best efforts not to. All the misery of the previous night was lifting. The scent of hope was filling the garden of her soul once more.

Unfortunately, with that relief came relief of another kind. As it dawned on her that she had nothing to be afraid of, she momentarily let go of the iron grip she had on her bladder, and a one-second burst of urine sprayed out into her panties. She immediately grabbed her crotch again, staunching the flow, and started speed walking toward the house. She needed to find a way to wrap up this conversation, and fast. On the other end of the line, she heard a tentative “Angie?”

Angelica remembered that she hadn’t replied yet. Moving as quickly as she could with her hand in her groin, and trying to keep from both losing any more pee and from sounding like she was about to, she answered, “Oh, oh, Brian, no, no, it’s okay. It’s totally okay. I’m fine, and you don’t need to apologize. Or if you do, I forgive you. Really.” She was in the house by now and mounting the stairs.

Brian laughed also, the joyous sound of fears evaporating. “Oh, that is so good to hear. Oh, thank you, Angie. Thank you so much. I was afraid you would never forgive me. I couldn’t even sleep last night.”

Angelica giggled while scissoring her legs open and closed. “You couldn’t sleep? I was up most of the night. I was afraid I had scared you off and that you were gonna break up with me.” She was standing in front of the bathroom, needing only to finish this conversation so she could pee. Being so close to a toilet was only magnifying her need, though, and she had to double over again, hand in crotch.

Now it was Brian’s turn to laugh. “You—you thought I was going to break up with you? Oh, Angie, no! No, no, never. No, Angie, I love you.”

Those words—those magical, fantastical, miraculous words. She thought she may just melt. Or if not melt, then maybe drip. At the sound of her greatest hope filling her ears, her bladder again contracted, and another one-second jet of pee leaked out into her underwear, warming the area all around her private parts. Here Brian was apologizing for making her wet herself, not knowing that he was doing it again!

“Oh, Brian.” Angelica’s voice, though still high-pitched and tremulous, was gooier than before. “Oh, Brian, I love you too.” Another leak forced its way out, and she could feel the fabric under her hand growing warm and damp. She lifted up one leg, then the other. “And don’t blame yourself for the times I wet my pants. Really. Trust me, they haven’t all been because of you.”

As soon as the words left her mouth, she realized her mistake. What she should have said was “they haven’t been all because of you,” meaning he hadn’t been the sole cause. What she had actually said instead let the cat out of the bag—and, as if on cue, something else was let out of somewhere else. The wetness began to extend out over her right thigh. She hoped that Brian wouldn’t notice the slip in her syntax.

Sadly, he was hanging on too closely to her every word for it to pass him by. “All? What do you mean, all? Were…there…other times?”

Angelica could feel her face turning red as her sphincter started releasing a trickle of hot urine out of her burning bladder. “Um, well, I mean, yeah,” was all she could manage in reply. She was still holding herself as tightly as she could, but her pee was beginning to slowly descend down her leg. She could feel it lazily flowing down her skin, followed shortly thereafter by the darkening of the denim. “Yeah, I’ve wet my pants different times. A lot of different times, honestly.” Talking about peeing herself was only making her current situation worse, and the trickle grew in strength, the wet spot now also spreading out under her hand onto her left thigh.

Brian was taken aback. “Wait, for real? You have?”

Angelica blushed harder. She couldn’t hold the truth or her urine in any longer. “Yeah. I’m—I’m actually—” She let out a grunt. “I’m actually wetting myself right now.”

The trickle turned into a full-fledged stream as she lost all power to hold back. Within seconds, both thighs were wet all over the front and the back, her pee separating into different channels on her right leg and creating an irregular patchwork stain. Her urine also poured directly through the saturated fabric of her panties and jeans, through the gaps in her fingers, and splattered straight down onto the carpet…not very far from where she had peed her pajamas on Halloween several years before, now that she thought about it.

When he spoke, Brian’s voice was incredulous. “What? Seriously? You’re joking, right?”

Angelica gave a self-deprecating chuckle. “No, I’m not joking. I had to pee but then you called as soon as I got home.” Her accident, caused more by heightened emotions than by excessive volume of urine, was coming to an end.

Brian’s tone was sympathetic. “Angie, you…you could’ve…you could’ve just told me…”

Angelica cut him off. “It’s okay, Brian. Really. As long as it stays just between you and me, I don’t mind. I really don’t.” The last drops were dripping from the inside of her right thigh. “Why do you think I even told you about having other accidents? It was bound to come out eventually.” She laughed to herself at the darkly humorous double meaning.

When Brian tried to interject again, Angelica adopted a gentler, more matriarchal tone. “Listen. Don’t worry about it. I won’t. I love you and can’t wait for our date next week, and that’s all that matters.”

Brian coughed lightly, as if to fill the gap where he couldn’t find words. Then he let out a breath and said, “Well, uh, I mean, okay. Just between us. Of course. I love you too, Angie. See you next week.”

Angelica smiled on one side and blew the sound of a kiss into the phone. “Bye.”

“Bye.”

Now that the call was over, Angelica blew her bangs out of her eyes with a long, relieved exhalation. Everything was all right between her and Brian—and he told her he loved her. She would sleep like a baby tonight.

Of course, before anything else, she had to clean herself up. Thankfully, the relatively small quantity of urine she had peed meant there wasn’t much of a puddle to speak of. Good. She knew from experience that cleaning up carpet was a nightmare. As she retreated to her room to find some clean clothes, she mused over the new development of Brian knowing about her accidents and what the ramifications would mean. She supposed the topic would doubtless come up next week when they went out for ice cream.

And when payday came, Angelica and Lily found that they had both been paid overtime pay for a full shift on that day.

*017*2020-06-06 11:31

Chapter 8 is now up and can be found here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/60034-angelica-and-lily-chapter-8-surgery/

.

