Angelica and Lily - with tags!

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*004*2020-01-31 13:07

After a long wait, I present to you chapter 6, part 1.

Chapter 6: Graduation (Part 1)

The auditorium was abuzz with the dull din of anticipatory conversation, as hordes of proud parents, excited older siblings, and bored younger siblings chatted spiritedly amongst themselves, along with the assorted friends and occasional faculty member. The ceremony was to begin in only a few more minutes, and most all of the seats were filled, with only the occasional last-minute straggler still trying to find a spot.

Angelica sat by herself in the center section and turned the program over in her hands. On the front there read, in official-looking if somewhat generic calligraphic font surrounded by scrollwork, “Welcome to Theodore Roosevelt High School’s Sixty-Third Annual Graduation Ceremony.” She opened the first flap of the trifold with beaming admiration to see, once again, the name listed underneath those of the various staff in leadership positions: “Lily Catherine Wells – Valedictorian.”

Folding her hands and the program in her lap, Angelica leaned back in her chair with a contented smile. She had known that Lily was in the running for valedictorian this past year and had been working really hard to try to achieve it. Evidently, all that effort had paid off. There was an insert in the program listing out all of the graduates, and Angelica had guessed there were probably nearly three hundred of them—and Lily had managed to beat them all out. Atta girl! It was especially impressive considering that Lily had never been, shall we say, the most studious of people.

Angelica was much closer to what would be considered an ideal student, and she hadn’t been valedictorian or even salutatorian at her high school graduation. She tried to console herself by reminding herself that her class had been larger—nearly eight hundred—but a tiny spark of jealousy still remained. Shifting in her seat in irritation, she tried to squelch it. Not everything was about her, after all, and this was Lily’s moment.

She wished she could’ve worn something nicer. As it was, though, enrolled now in a state university studying business, she didn’t have many options to choose from, leaving her now in her Little Black Dress with a small clutch and two-strap pumps, her brown hair drawn up in a simple French roll that she had invested a lot more time in than could be told from the end result. She wanted Lily to be able to see her when she gave her valedictory address, though of course, more importantly, she wanted to be able to see Lily.

She shifted again in her seat. The dress was not the most comfortable, but she also was beginning to wish she had used the restroom before the ceremony. Looking back over her shoulder, she tried to gauge if there were enough time to slip out and back in, but it didn’t look likely. She faced forward again. It looked as though she would just have to wait.

###

Lily stood in line with the rest of her class, trying to keep her butterflies to a minimum. In her sweaty hand was a packet of papers, well worn with being folded and unfolded again and again. Her notes for her address. She swallowed, suppressing a nervous yawn, as she went over the address in her mind again. She and her parents had been overjoyed at the news of her achieving valedictorian, and she had spent hours writing and rewriting her speech, making sure it had a good flow, conveyed a message, encapsulated the spirit and tenor of their class, and yet was unique, all while staying under the maximum word count. All in all, it had been exhausting.

Fellow senior students all around her were happily conversing with each other, adjusting their gowns and caps and tassels, applying last-minute makeup, and taking selfies. Tears were being shed as kindred spirits made promises of everlasting friendship, couples kissed, and visions for the future were discussed. Some of those visions were decidedly shorter-term than others, consisting of the various parties being planned for that evening, once the official events concluded. Lily herself had been invited to a party at Aaron Donohue’s house, which was pretty cool, since she wasn’t usually invited to anyone’s house for anything, except Angelica’s. For now, though, she was simply focused on the ceremony itself.

Far ahead of her position in line, she could see Mrs. Thatch, the event coordinator, give an exaggerated hand gesture to indicate that it was time. A few final hugs were given before the lines of graduates fell into place, their glowing faces unable to hide their pride in this moment. A few seconds later, the tell-tale strains of “Pomp and Circumstance” drifted out into the atrium, growing suddenly in volume a moment later as the doors were opened and the sounds from inside the auditorium flooded their ears. The lines moved reverently, yet quickly enough for the whole class to be able to enter and find their seats on time.

Since her last name began with a W, Lily was near the end. She steadied her breathing to try to get any stage fright jitters out and once more went over the structure of her address mentally. It was difficult, however, as her attention wandered, wondering who would be there for her in the audience. Obviously her parents, and some of her aunts and uncles had come, and Angelica was going to be there, but that was about all. Lily didn’t have very many friends apart from Angelica, owing at least in part to the fact that she had what was called a “sympathetic spastic bladder,” making her prone to severe bladder urges and incontinence when exposed to suggestions of needing to pee. Angelica was one of very few people who didn’t seem to mind, possibly in part because she had shared in a number of Lily’s accidents. Now the two were best friends, and a friendship like that was hard to find.

Lily squeezed her hands into fists as hard as she could, then released, trying to get the fidgetiness out. She remembered reading somewhere, though she couldn’t remember where, that doing that made your hands stay still because it squeezed the blood out, making them feel more tired. Her hands didn’t feel any more tired now, but it was still worth a try. She brushed her blonde bangs behind her ears, her hair having recently been done in a bob cut for tonight. Her lips suddenly felt cracked, and she was about to get some Chapstick before she thought better of it. Weren’t you not supposed to put Chapstick over lipstick? That was probably right. It was just nerves making her mouth feel dry. She gave another yawn.

Unfortunately, her anticipation was also brewing another sensation, this one further down. What with all the excitement and hubbub of getting ready to walk out, she realized that she had never gotten a chance to use the bathroom. She hadn’t been able to stand still long enough to notice, but now the feeling of a filling bladder was undeniable. Great. The ceremony looked to be about an hour and a half long, all told, where she’d be stuck sitting in one of the front rows, with no way out.

A sudden sense of mild panic hit her. If she needed to go now, how would she be faring an hour from now? She had never been very good at ignoring her bathroom needs, not to mention as time went on it could only get worse. She turned her head to look behind her, scanning for a nearby restroom. Maybe she could quickly jump out of line to pee and be back before anyone missed her? But…no, that was out of the question, as the line’s backwards-moving separation was only about twenty more people in front of her. It would be her turn in no more than half a minute.

Sure enough, in just about thirty seconds, Billy Walsh stepped out from in front of Lily, and it was her turn. Taking a deep breath to quell her nerves, she forced a smile on her face and began a confident pace, making sure not to walk too quickly. She had to resist the urge to look around in the audience, instead focusing on the back of Billy’s head as they progressed down the aisle. Sir Edward Elgar’s strains floated like velvet in the air around her, and her artificial smile was rapidly replaced with a genuine one as the celebration of her achievement was now realized.

She completed the walk up to the front rows reserved for the graduating class and slid in between the seats to find her place. Once the final few students after her had filled out the row, the vice principal gave a small nod from behind the lectern, signaling the students to be seated. Lily smoothed her gown in the back and sat. The moment had arrived, and nothing could dampen her enthusiasm. If only she didn't have to pee.

###

Angelica applauded ardently as she watched Lily march determinedly down the aisle and to her seat, never turning her head to look around her. As the rest of the graduates after her filed into the row and the entire graduating body sat down, a sense of satisfaction settled in Angelica’s chest, similar to the kind of feeling one would have when watching a play that a friend is starring in. She casually crossed one leg over the other and repositioned her clutch next to her hip. As the music faded, the vice principal spoke into the microphone, her voice crisp with authoritative professionalism, welcoming all the guests to the event and expressing her pride for the graduates on their accomplishment. Angelica watched the proceedings with a smile resting contentedly on one side of her face, occasionally looking over at the back of Lily’s head, wondering what she was feeling right then.

As the vice principal finished her introductory remarks, Angelica knew what she herself was feeling. Her bladder was giving off tingling sensations, trying to get her attention. She thought back to when she had been getting ready for tonight, and the large cup of decaf tea she had drunk to try to relax her excitement, not to mention the water bottle she’d had on the drive out. No wonder she was filling up as fast as she was. Crap. But she knew that the bladder sends off more urgent messages that faster it fills, even if the actual quantity of urine is still negligible. As long as she could quell her nerves and wait it out, she would probably be fine. She would just have to keep telling herself that she didn’t really have to go that badly. At the moment, though, it was providing her with increasing discomfort.

###

Fifteen minutes into the ceremony, the guest speaker, a local business owner who had graduated from TRHS, was well underway in his address to the graduates. Lily knew that this was the kind of thing that she should be listening to, to glean life advice from for her future. There were only two problems. The first was that he was pretty boring to listen to. All around her she could feel the sullen listlessness of her fellow classmates, many of whom were just wanting to get past the uninteresting parts so they could celebrate afterwards, and a few of whom probably had to go to the bathroom.

Which was the second problem. As Lily’s bladder kept filling, it was making it more and more difficult to focus on anything else. She thought of all the water she had drunk beforehand, while getting ready, and inwardly berated herself. She should have known better. She, of all people, should have known better. She shifted in her chair, attempting to find a position that would help her take her mind off it. This didn’t really work, and so she kept fidgeting, repositioning her legs every few seconds, until Billy turned his head on her left and gave her an icy stare. She stopped moving after that, trying instead to use simple willpower to ignore her filling tank. She recalled hearing about people that are on their way to use the bathroom and then get distracted by something and forget they have to go. The concept seemed inconceivable to her.

Opening her program, she quickly glanced at the order of events. After the keynote speaker, there was going to be a brief (hopefully) message from the principal, then special music, and then her speech. Unfolding her notes again, she tried to subtly refresh herself on them again. Her brain felt like a sieve, unable to retain what she’d written down. Was it just from public speaking jitters? Or was it because she needed to pee, kind of badly now? She leaned forward, forcing herself to focus on the words, and also trying to suppress the pain that was starting to be felt in her bladder. Hopefully it was just due to stage fright and once she was actually up there it would die down. She hoped, at least.

###

Angelica was sitting in what certainly must have looked like an uncomfortable position, a slight grimace on her face. All that liquid from earlier was being processed all too efficiently by her kidneys, and she was definitely feeling the effects. Her bladder was hurting now, sending icy tendrils of aching pain throughout her abdomen. If only she had peed earlier! Couldn’t she just go now? Just slip out and come back? But no—she didn’t want to be the one to have to obviously and awkwardly shuffle out in front of the whole audience, who would all know where she was going. Besides, she was in control. She took a deep breath and told herself as much. She needed to prove to herself, and to her mother, that she wouldn’t lose bladder control.

To her mother? How had that idea risen in semi-Freudianesque fashion to her consciousness? As uncomfortable as it made her to admit it to herself, she knew that ultimately it was true…but she didn’t want to think about it right now. Straightening in her chair, she pushed it back down into the recesses of her mind and swallowed.

At long last, the uninspired guest speaker closed his cookie-cutter address, and Angelica clapped limply before consulting her program. The principal would speak, then music, then Angelica’s valedictory address, then the receiving of the diplomas. She pushed a loose strand of hair out of her eyes and sighed. It certainly wasn’t going to be over anytime soon, so she would have to ignore her bladder until it got the message and quieted down. She could do it. It would be unpleasant, but she could do it. Setting her face like a slate back up toward the stage, she dug in the heels of her willpower for the long haul.

###

Lily was relieved—though not in the way she needed—that the principal’s few words were indeed few. He couldn’t have been up there for more than two or three minutes by the time he concluded his paternal guidance and returned to his seat. Lily felt a twinge of disappointment in herself. It was clear that their principal cared about them deeply, but she couldn’t recall a thing of what he’d just said to them. Her mind was too occupied with needing to go to the bathroom.

Something similar to panic began to eat its way into her mind, and she knew she couldn’t give in. “Fear is the mind-killer.” Who said that? She couldn’t remember, but she was sure she had heard it somewhere before. It was true. If she gave in to her fear, there was no way she would be able to give her speech in the way she planned—much less hold her pee until finding a toilet. She squeezed her hands in tight fists again and tried to remember all the little tips she had been told in speech and acting classes for mitigating nerves. She took a deep breath in and let it out through her nose. She tickled the roof of her mouth with her tongue. Just stay calm.

The special music was beginning, a quartet of four girls from the graduating class singing “Defying Gravity” from Wicked. The individual singers were mediocre at best, but their harmony was enchanting, and for a brief moment Lily’s plight was forgotten. Their voices filled the air, rousing the otherwise somnolent audience, and injecting fresh resolve into Lily. Once they were finished, it would be her turn, she would deliver her address well, and then her nerves would go away and she would be fine until the end of the ceremony. A tiny smile appeared on her face. She too could defy gravity, which in this case was the inexorable pull of her full bladder. The panic from earlier was gone. Nothing was going to bring her down.

###

At this point, Angelica was beginning to be severely worried. Time continued to pass, but the pain in her bladder was only increasing. Slight beads of sweat stood out on her head as she considered her options. She really, really should just get up and go, but Lily was about to give her speech, and there was no way she could miss that!

She crossed her legs in as dignified a fashion as she could and tried to press her hands into her lap in a manner that wasn’t too obvious. That helped somewhat, but of course she was still in pain, and genuine fear was starting to crack through the surface of her mind. She ran her tongue nervously over her lips. Short of actually peeing, she couldn’t think of anything else she could do that would ease her situation.

Just then, though, the special music finished, everyone clapped, and then the vice principal returned to the podium to announce the valedictorian. Angelica burst into applause as she saw Lily stand and make her way up to the stage and the podium, methodically unfold her notes, and begin. It was evident that she was nervous, as her voice had a slight involuntary tremble to it, but the audience and Angelica were giving her their full attention. Although she still really had to go, Angelica was grateful that she was nonetheless able to focus well enough on Lily’s address. It started off somewhat clunkily, despite Lily’s best preparations, but Angelica told herself that once Lily found her groove, it would smooth out. Still, Lily did seem oddly…distracted.

###

This wasn’t going as well as Lily had hoped. When her name had been mentioned, she had felt a sudden surge of urgency in her bladder, just as she had guessed she would. The problem was that her theory about it merely being due to stage fright didn’t seem to be supported by the evidence. Ever since she had gotten up to the podium and begun her meticulously prepared address, her bladder’s warning signals had not gone away or even reduced. She was now standing here, trying very hard to focus on her speech, while being absolutely desperate for a toilet. Her confidence from the special music had vanished. It was entirely up to her now.

She had hoped that once she got the first minute or so of the way into her notes, she would find her pace and continue from there. Heaven knew she had practiced it enough times. But the sharp, stinging pains from her lower abdomen and crotch were persistent, and she couldn’t concentrate. Her brain couldn’t process what she had written down, and it all just seemed like jumbled gibberish. Slowly, painfully, she eked her way through the first several minutes of what she had prepared, though it lacked all the verve, the punch, the rhythm that she had wanted. Her intended intonations fell flat, and her planned hand gestures fell by the wayside. She tried to wiggle discreetly, anything to take the focus off her bulging bladder. Her lips felt dry.

Looking down over the audience, she spotted Angelica, sitting in the middle, several rows behind the graduates. Angelica was watching her with a face of intense emotion, though Lily couldn’t quite decipher what emotion it was. She knew, though, that her best friend was there to support her, and she wanted to be able to impress—Angelica, her parents, her class, the audience, and herself. In any other situation, she would have been, no doubt. The problem was that she needed to pee quite badly, and it was hurting more and more.

By now Lily was finding it nearly impossible to stand still. She rocked back and forth from foot to foot as subtly as she could, hoping it would just look like public speaking jitters to the audience. She looked back down to her notes, wishing she could cross her legs over each other. “Um, yes. Find that…hrm…that spark of purpose, of direction. Hold on tightly to it. Hold on…as tightly…as you can.” As she said this, she could feel her urine try to make a break for the exit, and it took everything in her power to keep from grabbing her crotch. Instead, she leaned forward, sticking her butt out, and gripped the edge of the podium until her knuckles turned white. “Hold on tight! Hold on tight and don’t let go!” By now she had gone off her notes, launching instead into a desperation-fueled soliloquy.

“Even when you feel like you’re near the breaking point”—she paused to stifle a groan—“keep pressing on. Keep holding on. Just keep holding on…” She bit her lip again, feeling the sweat beading on her forehead, as she squeezed her thighs together as tightly as she could. “Just keep holding on! No matter what! You’ve got to hold it—um, hold on!” The audience by now was sitting up, their attention revitalized by the vigor Lily was exuding. The passion was contagious, and Angelica found herself sitting on the edge of her seat in rapt attention. Her hands were still firmly folded in her lap, but Lily’s adjuration seemed to be working, and she could feel her willpower strengthening against the imminent deluge in her bladder.

Lily by now could feel her face growing warm and her voice quivering with adrenaline. She was fully caught up in her own enthusiasm. “There’s an ocean building inside you, trying to break free. Of, of potential. An ocean of potential. And it wants to be free. But you have to control it! You need to stay in control! Otherwise, it will just flood out like a tsunami, and destroy everything in its path.” She was vaguely aware that what she was saying didn’t make complete sense, but nobody seemed to notice. Evidently it was easier to catch people’s attention with stellar delivery than with meaningful content.

Interestingly enough, the more she spoke, the more she found herself captivated under the effects of her rhetoric, also. As she effused, she could feel herself regaining mastery of her body, and the panicky feelings from earlier began to abate. She could do this. She was actually doing it! A rush of power flushed through her, and her speech quickened as her voice grew louder. “Everyone will tell you it’s impossible. You may even think it’s impossible. But listen to me! Don’t sell yourself short! If you put your mind to it, and never, never give up, you can do the impossible!” This elicited several scattered cheers from the audience. They were hanging on Lily’s every word, entranced by her energy. Angelica raised her hands out of her lap to clap. Even though her bladder was still hurting, she was willing it into submission. This was new. How weird was it for Lily to be the one inspiring her to stay in control?

Lily could see the effect that her speech was having, and a genuine grin filled her face. This was her moment, her time to shine…and she was. Excitement amplified her existing adrenaline rush, and she gave a little laugh. It was as if her brain was firing its neurons at full capacity. Somehow, the electric atmosphere in the room was keeping her on a roll, and she could feel every sentence, every phrase, every inflection and hand gesture, all coordinate perfectly and weave together into a masterwork of speechcraft. She was almost entirely off notes by now, orating extemporaneously in a display of elocution that no one knew she had—least of all herself. But she couldn’t keep herself from smiling now, and so she dove in to ride the wave of inspiration.

Unfortunately, her increased excitement also had a physiological effect on her, and her full bladder began to tighten again in little pulses. She had to clamp her legs together as hard as she could, trying to keep from being distracted and losing her momentum. A vague memory of acting classes returned from the recesses of her mind: the admonition “use it!” She had never been very good at following that advice, but she did her best in this moment.

It seemed to work, as each new spike of ardor-induced desperation brought about a new forceful crescendo in her delivery, complete with its corresponding response from the audience. This, naturally, was well and good for a captivating valedictory address, but less so for quelling her urge to pee. Rather the opposite—it served only to make her all the more excited. She had gotten herself in a vicious cycle of a positive feedback loop, and she didn’t know how to break out of it. The only solution appeared to be ending the speech. That, or…but she couldn’t consider the other option.

At this rate, she was sure that nobody would mind or even notice if she went on for another ten minutes, but she was also sure that she wouldn’t make it that long. She needed to wrap it up, and quickly. Even now, in her spirited oration, she was still somewhat arched over. Her thighs were pressed firmly together, and she rocked back and forth slightly, rubbing them together as she did so. Oh, how she wished she could put a hand in her crotch…or better, just run off and use the bathroom! She just had to get through this, and then she could go…she could go…she could just go…no, not yet!

Lily’s bladder sent shooting pains through her, increasing in intensity and frequency. She was almost done with her address—she would just wrap up and then go pee. She could make it. She had to make it—she couldn’t wet herself on her graduation day, much less on stage! She tried her best to bring her speech to a close, finding herself biting her lip as the stinging in her groin rose sharply. Tension was working down into her thighs, and she began to bob up and down slightly, in spite of herself. “And so, to close,”—she suppressed a groan—“remember to never lose heart,”—she nearly lost control there, but she was so close! She had to make it—“never lose focus,”—yes, stay focused on holding it. Hold it, Lily, hold on!—“never lose faith,”—in a minute she would be able to finally release it all…release it all…just let it go…but no! No, not yet!

“never lose hope—”

But just then, an awful realization came over her. Her address was not the end of the ceremony. They had yet to receive their diplomas…and there were nearly three hundred graduates in total. It would be at least another half an hour.

“never lose hope!”

She tried to hold on, tried to tell herself that she could make it, just this once, please!

“Never lose hope!”

The last exhortation was uttered with such depth of pathos, such resoluteness of will, that the audience was spellbound. They half expected tears to begin to flow from her eyes in complete rhapsody of emotion. Lily, however, was moments away from an entirely different flow. She repeated the injunction more to herself than anyone else, lost in her own world—her own world where hope was rapidly dissipating.

Never lose hope!

But there was no hope…she couldn’t make it…

The auditorium was silent in anticipation as an indescribable expression passed over Lily’s face. It seemed to be one of serene resignation, the face of one transported beyond human suffering, like Joan of Arc’s from within the flame. Then, in a voice scarcely more than a whisper, she quietly breathed, “Thank you very much.”

The audience erupted into thunderous applause. Fellow classmates shouted and whistled, parents and faculty wiped away tears, and the hall rang with the exultation of the visitors as they rose to give Lily a standing ovation. Lily merely stood still, watching the crowd with a small smile on her face, almost as though she were evaluating their praise. Her eyes drifted slowly over the throngs of people with a searching gaze, impenetrable in its significance. To those who beheld it, it had the effect of only adding to the sense of mystical transcendence that Lily had just produced by her address.

Even those who knew her best had never seen this side of her. Angelica clapped as loudly as she could, beaming with pride for her best friend, and shouted out, “Way to go, Lil!” She had been just as surprised as everyone else when Lily had apparently channeled the spirit of Demosthenes. As Lily remained at the podium now, however, wearing an inscrutable expression and not returning to her seat, Angelica contemplated it, slight misgiving forming in her mind. Was everything all right? But she immediately quashed the thought. It was an emotional day for Lily, surely that was all.

Had she been closer to Lily, however, she would have heard, just before Lily’s final words, a hissing coming from under her gown. Lily accepted her fate and peed herself on stage in front of several thousand people. Underneath her gown she was wearing a knee-length red dress, and underneath that, a pair of black panties, and as she lost control, she calmly straightened up and spread her legs to get as little fabric in the way as possible. Her pee instantly saturated her underwear before spraying through in a stream between her legs directly onto the floor. In a small mercy, the podium was positioned on the edge of the stage, which was covered by a strip of dark blue carpet. At least that would make the puddle less obvious.

The roar of the applause drowned out the dull thumping sound of the urine splashing in the carpet. Most of it went straight down onto the floor, where it splattered only slightly over her black flats, sparkling in the stage lights as it did so. As she continued peeing, several offshoots also started to run down the inside of her thighs, and she struggled to keep from noticeably wincing. True, her panties were soaked all around the crotch and partly up the back, but her dress still seemed to be dry, and her ankle-length robe hid nearly all of her accident. She couldn’t believe it. Here she was, wetting herself in front of an enormous crowd and getting away with it. The excitement and tension of the experience combined with the exhilaration of standing in front of an adulating crowd, making her pee even harder. Her urine jetted out of her crotch, thundering and pounding into the soaked carpet and spreading the squishy dark puddle out to nearly a foot in diameter.

Finally, after about ten seconds of unhindered urination, Lily was able to clench off the flow. As long as nobody noticed the puddle, she might now be able to last until the end of the ceremony. As the final drops dripped out from her underwear, and the last few trickles of pee snaked down her ankles into her shoes, she gave a little nod to the audience, gathered up her mostly-unused notes, and walked briskly—if a bit stiffly—down the steps and back to her seat. A tiny trail of droplets was left behind her as she walked, but it was small enough to be unnoticeable.

Once back at her seat, however, she was faced with the challenge of sitting back down. While standing, she could be relatively free from worry about any wetness showing through, but if she sat, her soaked panties would be pressed against her dress and robe, and who knows how much would show through? It was a risk she wasn’t willing to take. Standing in front of her place, she leaned over as discreetly as possible as if to scratch an itch on her leg. What she actually did, however, was shove her notes up the robe to act as a barrier between wet material and dry. Without any time or privacy to adjust her makeshift solution, however, she ended up pushing her dress up, nearly over her rear end, and sliding the notes underneath.

The maneuver took only about two seconds before she sat down, as inconspicuously as possible, and tried to pretend that nothing was wrong. She could feel with some discomfort that the hem of her skirt was underneath her sopping bottom, between her underwear and notes, and was undoubtedly wet. She chewed on her lip, hoping it wouldn’t be too obvious. Not to mention that the suspense of being found out was making the rest of the contents of her bladder eager to be set free. As the fellow graduates on either side of her congratulated and high-fived her, she did her best to force a smile and sit still. She may have gotten her accident back under control, but she was still in the throes of desperation.

###

Angelica was not in much of a better condition. Lily’s fervent display of earnestness from the stage had worked to keep her bladder in submission, but now that it was over, she was back to where she was before. Sitting again, she leaned forward, trying to clench her muscles without being too obvious. Her left leg was currently tightly crossed over her right, and she was afraid that anyone who happened to glance in her direction would be all too aware of her need for a toilet. Pulling out her program again, she removed the insert of the names of the graduates, breathing a sigh of impatience as she looked over the list.

Two hundred and eighty-four of them. It would probably take at least thirty, if not forty minutes for the entire procession. She had to hold on. At least by now the vice principal was once again at the podium, about to announce the graduating class. Before speaking, however, she paused for a second or two, looking down at the floor, though Angelica couldn’t tell why. Couldn’t she get on with it, already? But then she raised her head again and announced, “Would the graduating class please stand.”

Two hundred and eighty-four red-robed adolescents rose to their feet. Lily was in the back row, and from where Angelica was sitting, she could clearly see Lily doing a weird in-place shuffle, shifting and fidgeting as if she were trying to subtly adjust her underclothes. She also seemed unable to stand very still, instead twisting back and forth and sometimes rocking from side to side. Did she also have to pee? If that were the case, then she’d be in the same predicament as Angelica herself, and possibly worse. Angelica would just have to be strong…for both their sakes.

Time seemed to stretch on towards infinity as the names were painstakingly tabulated. Angelica tried to keep her mind off her bladder by paying attention to the students being called and politely applauding, but after about thirty or forty instances of this, her general energy levels were drying up, and she offered little more than a few half-hearted claps for each unfamiliar name after another. It was sheer torture, marking progress through the entire class by counting down, inwardly rejoicing at each letter of the alphabet being ticked off. Now H, now I, no Js—thank goodness!

She crossed and uncrossed her legs, trying not to draw too much attention to herself as she found it increasingly challenging to sit still. By the time the list had gotten to the Ss, she was rocking in place and bouncing her leg up and down. Her pee was making a visible bulge in her lower abdomen, and powerful stabbing pains were coursing through her. Gritting her teeth, she lightly dabbed her face with one hand to clear up the sweat that was breaking out. Her other hand was folded in her lap, pressing into her crotch as discreetly as possible. The list was close to three-quarters of the way done. She could make it. She had to make it.

###

Lily, meanwhile, was almost in tears. After initially standing, the entire graduating class except for the front row sat again, with each new row standing only as their turn came. Sitting was definitely preferable to standing, as far as maintaining control went, but when she had first stood up, her notes slipped out from under her gown onto the floor. Kristin Willis, who was on her right, gave her a quizzical stare at the sudden emergence of the papers, which Lily had apparently given birth to. Lily merely wordlessly scooped them up, blushing slightly and biting her tongue. The notes were ever-so-slightly damp, but the worst part was that she had accidentally hiked her dress up when sliding the notes up her gown, and now it was still bunched up around her waist.

She had tried to adjust it inconspicuously, but to no avail. And then they had to sit again, and her wet panties were squeezed up against her red gown, with no barrier in between. She desperately hoped that the fabric of the gown would resist absorbing anything, but by far her biggest fear was that of not being able to hold in the rest of her pee until she could break away and relieve herself. The names went by, one after another, in an interminable procession. Lily was bent over in excruciating pain, chewing her lip, and clenching as hard as she could to stay in control. There were probably only about ten more minutes. She could hold it for that long. She had to.

###

Angelica took in a deep breath, then slowly let it out. She brushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear and clenched her butt muscles. Reaching down with her free hand, she rubbed her thigh up and down, trying to relieve the tension. Her urine was pounding inside her, begging for release. It didn’t help that she had had multiple accidents of her own with Lily, and the recognition of this fact made warnings scream inside her brain, telling her it was better to be safe than sorry, to just rush out and use the bathroom before it was too late. Angelica was fully aware of these internal alarm bells, but she remained unmoved. She wasn’t even fully sure why. Why not just get up now and go? There was nothing stopping her. She tried to figure out her own subconscious thought processes. Was it just a form of hubris? Was it a fear that if she gave in to her bladder’s demands, she would lose all ability to stay in control until finding a toilet? Part of both?

Her memory of the previous summer resurfaced in her mind, unbidden. After she and Lily had returned from the amusement park, Angelica’s mom was nearly hysterical upon receiving the car back with two puddles of pee in the seats. This had led to a big argument, followed by several days of awkwardness between them, as Angelica had tried desperately to calm her mother’s anxieties and quell any notions of getting her seen by a specialist. She had insisted that she didn’t have any kind of bladder condition, and had proved it by staying dry since then, though her mother seemed to have a harder time letting it go, and had required that Angelica pay for half the cleaning bill for the seats—since it was half her mess. Angelica had reluctantly agreed, having no real excuse for why she shouldn’t take responsibility and ultimately just wanting to put the incident behind her.

Of course, it hadn’t helped that she had a whole new set of feelings to sort out at that time, ones that had remained dormant until then. She had been attracted to Brian, but it had been for her nothing more than emotional attraction—she liked him, she fancied him, she was in love with him…well, maybe not quite in love, but you get the idea. That kind of attraction. Then, out of nowhere, vibration in the right spot had unlocked Pandora’s box, releasing a brand new, thitherto unplumbed sphere of sexuality…and now her emotional draw had been involuntarily coupled with sexual desire.

She had experienced some sexual fantasies and gratification, and the aftermath of it had left her feeling dirty and guilty. It was like a kind of mind-rape, non-consensual in nature, and replacing a healthy emotion—a longing for an actual human being—with a tawdry substitute, viewing Brian less as a fellow person and more as a means to an end of base and fleeting pleasure. She had put away those thoughts and not touched them again, and in an unfortunate outcome, she had inadvertently distanced herself from Brian as well. Her texting decreased, and they remained as surface-level friends. He still texted her sometimes, once even calling her, but her responses had been short enough to prevent anything further from developing. It remained one of Angelica’s greatest regrets.

All these thoughts tumbled through her head in a moment. Right now, of course, she was feeling her regret at not using a toilet earlier much more sharply. What had even brought up those memories? Oh, yes—it was the bizarre satisfaction that she had felt when her orgasm had led to an accident. Ever since then, she was afraid that if she peed her pants again, she might find that she enjoyed it. She wanted to prove to herself that it wasn’t true, that she was normal, that she wasn’t some kind of weirdo with a thing for not being potty trained. Of course having accidents in her pants wasn’t something she got pleasure out of, regardless of one isolated incident. That was ridiculous. Was it just peeing herself that did it, though? It was Brian, wasn’t it…and he wasn’t here now. He wasn’t here, and she wasn’t going to wet herself. She set her jaw and told herself firmly: she was not going to wet herself. For once, she would endure it.

###

Lily, on the other hand, wasn’t so sure. The row in front of her by now had stood up, meaning it couldn’t be any more than a few minutes until her turn to stand as well. The problem was that if she stood, she would be much less able to hold it, but on the other hand, if she leaked standing it would be much less obvious than if she leaked sitting. She was faced with a grueling catch-22, her prospects for making it out of this without humiliating herself rapidly dissipating. By now, she was focusing more on how to mitigate the damage than how to stay in control.

Rocking back and forth in her seat, her legs pressed together, she bit firmly on her lip and tried to stifle a whine. She squeezed her eyes closed as a spike of pain shot through her, causing two tears to slip out and down her cheeks. With the fingers of her left hand, she delicately wiped them away, being careful not to smudge her makeup. Her right hand was busy vigorously going back and forth between rubbing her thigh and pressing into her crotch. She just had to keep from totally losing control until the final few minutes of the ceremony were over. Right now, though, she was right on the brink of completely soaking her chair.

Unfortunately for her, Lily’s inability to sit still was becoming increasingly obvious, and she could hear the muffled whispers and snickers of the girls on her right. Lily herself was rigidly facing forward, trying to block out anything that would distract her from her mission to keep her sphincter tightly closed. She didn’t even care who saw at this point, as long as she could stay dry…or at least, get no wetter. But then she heard a whisper from her right as Kristin tried to get her attention. “Hey, Lily.” She didn’t respond or acknowledge it in any way.

Kristin tried again. “Lily.” She nudged Lily’s shoulder. “Pssst. Lily.”

The pssst was agony for Lily to hear. Clearly, the only way Kristin would shut up was if Lily answered. Turning her head only slightly, and not making eye contact, she whispered back, harshly, “What?”

More snickers. Then, “Are you, like, about to pee on yourself?”

Exactly what she didn’t need to hear. Biting her lip again, Lily moaned quietly, then replied, “Shut up!” She had to block this out.

She could hear Kristin’s obnoxious laughter again. “You totally are! She totally is.” The last part was directed to the girl on her right. Lily counted the number of classmates left in the row in front of her in an attempt to keep Kristin’s comments from getting to her. Only about five left. It was almost their turn—she could make it!

But then, Kristin leaned in close to Lily and whispered in her ear. “Just don’t think about it. Just don’t imagine how good it would feel to let it alllll out.” Lily squeezed her eyes and thighs closed and turned her head away. It wasn’t fair of Kristin to do this to her. If only she wasn’t trapped next to her! She tried to calm her breathing. They would be standing soon. She just needed to hold on!

However, Kristin leaned in closer, her lips lightly brushing Lily’s hair, tickling her ear. This time, she didn’t say any words; she merely went psspsspsspsspsspsspss. It was too much for Lily. The frisson from the humid exhalation, the hypnotic rhythm of the onomatopoeic stream, and the throbbing torment in her bladder combined in a subliminal assault on her id. Psychology gave way to biology as she moaned, leaned forward in her seat, and lost control again.

Lily felt the insides of her thighs grow warm and wet as her urine flooded into her already-soggy underwear, reheating them and soaking them afresh. Since she was still sitting, the wetness now spread out over her rear end, thoroughly saturating the lacy black fabric stretched tightly across her bottom. Her dress was still hiked up and was spared the majority of the deluge, though the bottom hem was low enough to be caught in the puddle forming under her butt. Her robe, however, was not so lucky. Although the shiny red fabric was barely absorbent, with no barrier between it and her panties, the pooling urine began to slowly trickle through, darkening the cloth. The rest of the liquid collected in a small lake between her legs as her pee continued to jet out involuntarily.

Doubling over in her seat, Lily eventually succeeded once again in staunching the breach after leaking for nearly six seconds. She was now sitting in a puddle of her own mess, with no obvious way out. Still breathing heavily, she looked down at herself to see how bad the damage was. The front of her robe showed no sign of her most recent leak, but she wasn’t sure what could be said of the back. Meanwhile, some of her urine had begun to trickle down her calves, tickling against the skin in an unpleasant fashion. She knew that as soon as she stood, all the pee collected around her buttocks would spill out in a splash on the floor. As far as she could see, there wasn’t any way of preventing it.

And then—then it was time for them to stand up. Lily looked up as her classmates all around her stood in unison. Biting her lip, she followed suit, rising to her feet in a start. Just as she thought, as soon as she did, there was a splap as her warm, yellow liquid splattered all at once over her feet and the carpeted floor. Her backside felt cold now, and she discreetly looked over her shoulder at her chair. Thankfully, there was no wet spot that she could see. Maybe that meant her robe was also dry to the look. Insouciantly shaking one leg to get the drops off, she peered to her right. Kristin hadn’t seemed to notice the cascade of urine when Lily had stood up. Maybe that would be the end of it.

###

In the audience, Angelica could feel her bladder tightening in excitement and anticipation of relief as the last row, Lily’s row, stood to their feet. She began to cheer more enthusiastically now, waiting eagerly for Lily’s name to be called. She could see Lily’s short, slender frame several rows in front of her, now seeming less fidgety. Maybe she had been wrong, and Lily didn’t have to use the bathroom after all.

Looking closer, though, she could see something a little…off…about Lily’s robe. Maybe it was just a trick of the light, but it almost looked as though her robe was darker below the waist than the others around it. If someone didn’t know Lily, they wouldn’t pay much attention; but being Lily’s best friend and familiar with her bladder condition, to Angelica it almost looked like…

No. No way, it couldn’t be. Could it?

Her own need to pee was intensifying now. Angelica had to actually lean forward for a moment and let out a breath as a wave of piercing bladder pain passed over her. If Lily had had an accident, that didn’t bode well. For reasons unknown to Angelica, she only seemed to wet her pants when Lily did too. Crisscrossing her legs, she told herself that it was all in her imagination, and that she would be able to last until the end of the ceremony. They were so close! Now three before Lily…now two…Angelica slipped her program under her leg and prepared to applaud wildly. One more…and then…

“Lily Catherine Wells.”

Angelica let out a wild whoop and pounded her palms together. In this moment, all thoughts of her pressing need for a toilet were forgotten, replaced instead by pride, joy, and ecstatic energy. The crowd swelled with a grand cheer for their valedictorian, a cheer which resounded through every recess and hovered in the eaves.

###

As Lily walked out of the row, she couldn’t help but smile as the deafening roar of adulation arose all around her and rang in her ears. Just like when she had given her speech, however, her enjoyment was—ahem—dampened by the ocean of pee still surging inside her, still needing release. Her two leaks so far had delayed a full voiding, but she knew it was only a matter of time before she would be completely powerless to stop the course of Nature. As she walked, her panties squished unpleasantly against her, squeezing residual droplets out to trickle down her legs and drip on her ankles and feet. She moved stiffly, afraid to relax, afraid of what might happen.

Making her way once again up to the stage, she faced the principal, who held out her diploma with his left hand and his right hand for her to shake. Taking the diploma with her own left hand, she crossed her right hand over to shake his, just as they had done in rehearsal. In this brief moment of standing still, she no longer had her leg movement to help hold back the flood, and she could feel spikes of desperation mounting, pulsating, and exploding through her lower abdomen. Willing herself to stand straight and stay still, Lily turned toward where the school photographer waited and gave a big smile. He pressed the button, the shutter clicked, and the flash went off.

Right at that moment, her weakened sphincter again gave way, and another rebellious spurt of urine jetted out into her underwear. Since her dress was still bunched up under her robe, she could feel the pee shoot out through the soaked fabric around her crotch and spray over her left leg. Her smile faltered, and she clenched, trying not to lose any more. It only had the effect of shifting the stream directly forward, where it streaked down the slippery fabric of the robe to dribble out in a sheet of liquid at the front hem.

The principal turned away from the camera, leaned forward, and congratulated Lily. She gave back a halfhearted “thank you” in a tremulous voice. As before, she was able to cut off the flow and not lose total control, but only after about four seconds. It was only by very good fortune that these leaks hadn’t been detected so far, and she knew her luck could only last so long.

Going down the line of the faculty, she shook each hand, trying to concentrate on smiling…and on holding it. At the end of the line, she descended once more from the stage to make her way back to her seat. As she did so, however, another wave of desperation hit her, and before she knew it, she had shoved her hand into her crotch as more urine sprayed out of her. This one only lasted for a second, but she knew it would be extremely obvious to anyone looking at her that she was just moments away from a total pee accident.

###

Angelica had witnessed all this, and seeing Lily briefly grab herself was definitive proof that she was also in dire straits with a bursting bladder. As Lily returned to her seat, Angelica stopped clapping to rub her thighs vigorously. There were only five more graduates. She willed herself—willed Lily—to endure. At this rate, either they would both be able to make it in time, or both fail. She couldn’t let that happen. She would hold on, for both of them. Her sphincter quivered, threatening to give in to the mounting pressure. No! She was in control…she was.

As the final few students were called, her mind brought up again the image of Lily standing in the row, flanked by her classmates. The strange discoloration on her robe stuck in her mind’s eye. If Lily was also desperate, had she in fact…leaked?

Her troubled thoughts were interrupted by the principal stepping up to the microphone and stating, with a mellifluous, grandfatherly tone, “Would the graduating class please stand.” As all two hundred and eighty-four red-robed figures rose, Angelica could see Lily’s rear end again. She wasn’t crazy. There it was—an area of distinctly darker red. Angelica let out a little gasp and jammed her hand into her crotch. Lily had leaked. There was no other explanation. And if Lily had leaked…

“I present to you this year’s graduating class of Theodore Roosevelt High School.”

The hall erupted in booming, thundering applause as the graduates turned to face the audience and shifted their tassels to the other side, faces aglow with triumph. Some pumped their fists in the air, some threw their caps despite having been told by faculty beforehand not to, some cried. Lily, however, merely stood still, her hands firmly pressed against her sides. Angelica let out a cheer a moment after the rest of the crowd and pulled her hand out from between her legs to clap as loudly as she could. As she did so, however, her eyes locked with Lily’s.

Lily’s face was ashen, and when her gaze met Angelica’s, Angelica could read panic in her eyes. She knew, and knew that Lily knew that she knew, that Lily was on the verge of a total voiding in her pants. As they shared that moment of a bond of agony, Angelica briefly felt Lily’s pain and forgot about her own need. In doing so, she relaxed her hold for just a split second…but a split second was all that mattered.

Without warning, a spurt of pee burst out into Angelica’s Victoria’s Secret blue panties, instantly darkening them and making the area around her privates hot and moist. She gasped again and stuffed her hands against her groin, stopping the loss of control after two seconds. But her butt was now warm, and she knew she needed to get to a bathroom…now.

The cheering began to mercifully die down, allowing the vice principal to step up and give the closing announcements. Angelica didn’t hear any of them, her brain laser-focused on getting to a toilet. At long last, once the final thank-yous were said and the crowd began to slowly stand, stretch, and chat as they gathered their things, Angelica grabbed her clutch and pushed her way out of her row as fast as she could, offering a litany of “excuse me”s and “pardon me”s as she forced herself past everyone else, not able to wait any longer. Once in the aisle, she was faced with the backup from all the people who had sat further behind her in the auditorium.

It was one thing to barge through a crowd of people, but at this rate, there would undoubtedly be a line for the women’s restroom, and it wouldn’t be quite so socially acceptable to force her way through that. Her brain bounced back and forth, straining for other possible solutions. Finally she concluded that the second-floor restrooms would most likely be less occupied, but still within a reachable distance. She made that her goal. Once out in the atrium, she would have to slip her way up the stairs past the descending crowds.

###

Lily pushed herself with a red face and assorted apologies out from among her fellow graduates. She needed to get to a bathroom now, and preferably one where she wouldn’t be seen. The closest one would be the family bathroom on the second floor. She also had to steal away from the throngs of well-meaning attendees who would slow her down with ill-timed congratulations and inquiries as to her future plans. This was simply not the time. Speedwalking her way to the far edge of the auditorium, she pushed open the side door and slipped out.

Once out of view of the general public, Lily bent over sharply, grabbing her crotch through her gown. As she leaned forward, her graduate cap tumbled to the floor and her hair fell over her face. She didn’t bother picking her cap up. Instead, a sob burst out of her, more due to pain and stress than self-pity at this point. She could feel another leak spray past her defenses, the hot urine trickling down her legs again. She was almost there. By now, if she could get away with releasing the majority of her bladder’s contents into a toilet, she would consider it a win. Still clutching herself, she started making her way up the stairs.

###

Angelica had gotten to the lobby and darted in between the hordes of bystanders straight to the staircase. Her plan was working splendidly so far, and once she was able to squeeze her way in between the densely packed bodies and get right up next to the banister, it was decidedly easier to progress. Her pumps kept her from moving as quickly as she would have liked, since one wrong step would spell complete disaster. The worst thing possible at this point would be for her to lose her footing and end up on the floor, bruised, with a circle of people around her asking if she was okay, all while a puddle formed underneath her. She needed to move speedily, but not so hastily as to run any unnecessary risk.

As she reached the top of the stairs, the number of people began to thin out from the choke point created by the staircase. Relief was near. Her underwear was moist and uncomfortable from her momentary loss of control earlier, and the breeze under her dress was making it feel unpleasantly chilly. She resisted the urge to grab herself again, even though her bladder was contracting unrelentingly now, sending a new barrage of red alert signals every time. Her steps were mincing, as her thighs were tense, her muscles tight all the way down into her toes. She gritted her teeth as she bore the pain of resisting her body’s urges. But she had to resist—she hadn’t come all this way just to lose the fight now!

Rounding the corner to where the restrooms were, she breathed a massive sigh of relief upon the sight of the women’s room. Nearing her destination, and the reward for not giving up, she relented of her earlier strong-willed choice to retain her dignity and instead bent over, rear end prominent, hands in groin, her clutch tucked under her arm. At this point, she would do whatever it took to stay dry. She pushed the door open but suddenly stopped up short as she nearly ran into the back of a woman who was standing barely inside the restroom. As Angelica came to a sudden halt, she let out a little yelp, and at the same time, another spurt of pee sprayed out into her underwear, rewarming them. As the woman turned towards her, Angelica could see, to her horror, that there was a line of at least five women in front of her. This was exactly what she had come to the second floor to avoid, as it was exactly what she knew she couldn’t wait for.

Another leak forced its way out, and Angelica could feel the black fabric of her dress starting to become damp under her hand. There had to be another option—she had to find somewhere to pee! The men’s room? Was she really that desperate? But then she remembered—about halfway down the second floor there was a family bathroom. At this point it was her best shot. She quickly backed out of the ladies’ room and began a desperate jog in that direction.

###

Lily, meanwhile, was mounting the top of the stairs. She had had a slower time climbing, as she had been much more desperate to keep from leaking. Now that she was at the top, she pushed open the door, her eyes darting about to gather her bearings. Thankfully, the second floor seemed to be mostly empty, so nobody could see her red, sweat-streaked face, her smudged makeup, her panicked expression, or—worst of all—her telltale body language conveying signs of obvious and extreme urgency to use the bathroom. She was bending and unbending fiercely, her hand still in between her tightly clamped thighs. She bit down on her lip and used her free hand to brush her hair behind her ear. Okay. Now she knew where she was, and, more importantly, where the family restroom was. She needed to get there, and now!

As she moved, though, her hand kept slipping from its grip in her crotch, due to the slippery satin-like robe. It had already nearly tripped her multiple times when climbing the stairs. Forget it. It was too much of an encumbrance, and it was coming off. She bent over and unceremoniously yanked it over her head, her panic causing it to take longer than it should have. As she wrestled with it, her sphincter screamed for relief, the ocean of pee inside her wearing away at its stamina.

After what seemed like forever, she was able to free herself from the robe, leaving her in her red dress, her hair now frazzled from pulling the robe off. Her dress, unfortunately, was still scrunched up around her waist from earlier. She hurriedly pulled it down in the front and grabbed herself with both hands through it. In the back, however, it was still hiked up above her backside, leaving her black panties on clear display. She didn’t even notice, and if she had, it was questionable if she would have cared at that point. She was focused on only one thing at this point—a toilet. Hands in crotch, damp bottom visible, and time running out, she started her speed waddle.

###

Angelica was breathing heavily now. She was nearly there. As long as it wasn’t occupied, she would be all right. But if it was…

###

Lily was letting out moans in between panting gasps. She fervently hoped the bathroom would be empty. Then this would all be behind her. Please, please let it be empty! she thought. If it weren’t empty…then…

###

Angelica quickened her pace. She had been dying for relief for over an hour now, and her lower abdomen was on fire with aching pain. She was so close now!

###

Lily walked faster. She was about to totally pee herself, and the breeze on her rear end was making the wet fabric cold, causing her desperation to spike higher and higher. She was almost there!

###

Come on Come on I’m so close I can make it I can make it

###

I can’t pee myself I can’t pee myself Not again Let me make it Let me get there in time

###

*

Angelica slammed into the door with the full force of her momentum, banging it open. There was her salvation, in all its porcelain white beauty. With an exaggerated sigh of relief, she pushed the door closed again, locked it, and went about freeing herself from her outfit, pulling the hem of her black dress up and positioning herself in front of the toilet seat. Her pee began to explode out of her even before she pulled her panties down, but then she was sitting, and sweet, glorious relief bathed her in its empyreal embrace. Her urine was shooting out of her with a loud hsssss, noisily splashing the inside of the bowl in its ferocious exodus. Angelica’s eyes rolled back in her head and she leaned against the wall, letting out a deep euphoric moan as she did so. The pain was melting away, and she was in bliss.

Just then, though, there was a loud bang on the door, as of someone ramming into it. This was immediately followed by a frenzied knocking. It was enough to jar Angelica out of her ecstatic reverie, and she straightened up, cleared her throat, and stated, “There’s someone in here!” She was sure that whoever was outside could clearly hear the sound of her pee, and she blushed a little.

A somewhat familiar voice, high-pitched and frightened, answered. “Are you almost done? Please hurry, please hurry—I can’t wait any longer!”

###

Lily was gyrating madly in front of the locked door. What were the odds that this, of all bathrooms, would be occupied right now, of all times? She squeezed her eyes shut and stifled a tormented scream as a red-hot blade of pain stabbed her in the gut, and she pulled up with her hands as hard as she could, trying, trying, trying to stave off the inevitable. The resounding hiss of the person peeing in the bathroom was just tantalizing her, goading her into giving up, giving in, and letting it all go. There was still the slightest of chances, though…if only whoever was in the bathroom came out in the next few seconds.

But then, the voice that she thought she knew from somewhere came out once again from inside the bathroom, with a verdict of doom. “I’m sorry, but I just got in here.”

Lily took a deep breath in, then let out a long, agonizing sigh that morphed into a sob as it came out. She bent forward, leaning her head against the doorframe, and stared down at her white knuckles, her quivering thighs, her bloated bladder, her trembling legs, and her feet pressed together. Tears welled up in her eyes and then overflowed as her long battle came to an end.

###

As her stream slowly diminished, Angelica could hear a plaintive moan from outside the door, followed by silence. But then…was it just a trick of her ears?…she could hear a hissing from outside the door, and then something like a splashing sound. Then the voice clicked in her memory. There was no way. Did she really just make Lily pee herself simply by occupying the bathroom?

Squeezing her bladder harder, Angelica intensified the powerful jet of urine, trying to finish as quickly as possible, for Lily’s sake. It was still going to be a while, though, as she was filled nearly to capacity. It probably wouldn’t do any good at this rate, and she sat there awkwardly, relieving herself in the toilet while Lily relieved herself in her clothes. A good twenty seconds passed by, with no sign of either of them stopping.

###

Lily was still holding herself through her dress as she was finally able to relax and just let it all out. She was leaning with one hand against the wall, staring down at herself, and breathing heavily in a mixture of long-awaited respite and frustrated angst. Her heart was still thumping heavily inside her chest, and she could feel it all the way up into her eardrums. Her mouth hung open, and tears trickled down her cheeks.

Underneath her hand, scalding urine saturated the red material of her dress, darkening it to almost black. The pee was spraying through where the cloth was bunched up in her fingers, sprinkling all over the floor in twinkling, tinkling droplets. In the back, her exposed panties rapidly soaked through, the fabric wicking the moisture up the back and between her cheeks, becoming shiny as it did so. Her underwear felt disgustingly squishy and soggy, with unpleasant moist heat surrounding her private parts.

As it flooded out of her, her pee drained down the front, inside, and back of both legs, dribbling over her ankles and wetting her shoes. Separate streams arced directly from her crotch as well, and smaller ones separated from the trails down her legs to cascade outward also. The noisy hissing of release was complemented by the louder sound of the various torrents splashing, splattering, and sprinkling on the commercial carpet. It rapidly grew dark and squelched under her feet, with her puddle spreading out to almost three feet wide as her long-held burden was slowly released. From inside the restroom, she could hear the pee stream grow stronger, which only caused her own to do the same.

Lily could feel beautifully golden relief permeate throughout her abdomen as the pain and tight tension gradually dissipated. She sniffled, wiped her free hand across her nose, and then placed it on one side of her face in a pose of weary defeat. As bad as it was to lose control and wet herself again, there was no denying that the release was heavenly. That wasn’t the issue. It was her inability to hold it until reaching a bathroom, like anyone her age should be able to do without any problems. And now here she was, going to the bathroom on herself, again, like a little kid. Would she ever get past her bladder problems? She sniffled again, looking down at the puddle underneath her as she kept adding to it. At least there was no one around to see her. Except, of course, for the person actually in the restroom—she should get out of here before they opened the door and saw her, the valedictorian, like this.

Just then, though, she heard laughter behind her. Turning a startled and horrified face around, she could see, standing at the doors that opened onto the balcony seating, two teenage boys staring and laughing. They looked to be three or four years younger than she herself was, but this was just about the coolest—and hottest—thing they had ever seen. One of them had his phone out and was either taking pictures or recording video, Lily couldn’t tell. Her mouth dropped open in shock and embarrassment and she moved her hands to cover her rear end. As soon as she did so, though, she immediately realized with horror that her dress was not hanging down in the back, and the hormonal adolescent boys had gotten a free peep show of her butt as she peed herself.

Who knows how long they had stood there, ogling her panty-clad behind with its shiny wet stain, and her slender legs glistening with trails of urine? She let out a yelp, turning her body around so that her bottom was no longer on display, her feet squishing in her puddle, and made hurried, flustered moves to pull her dress down on all sides. Of course, in doing so, the broad dark patch on the front of her dress was now facing the boys. The one with the phone laughed again, a contemptible, immature whoop, and stretched his arm out to get a better picture. The other one was pulling out his phone now too, trying to get in on the action.

Though Lily’s face was a deep scarlet with humiliation—and though pee was still dribbling out of her as her bladder finally neared emptiness—horrible, savage anger gripped her, and she could feel her veins popping on her neck as heat rose up into her face. A feral, bestial voice exploded from her throat in a terrifying howl, “YOU PERVERTS! YOU AWFUL, DISGUSTING INSECTS! I’LL KILL YOU!” And in that moment, she may have meant it.

Her withering, vituperative eruption was superb in its effectiveness. The boys both jumped, the one who had been recording dropping his phone, and then they took off running, terrified of whatever retributive wrath Lily would bring down on them. She didn’t follow them, but instead stood there, breathing heavily with the combination of embarrassment, exertion, and fury. The last of her urine squirted weakly into her saturated underwear, and she could hear the door behind her opening. All in all, she had peed solidly for almost fifty seconds.

###

Angelica had finished using the bathroom, hurriedly dried herself with toilet paper (only afterward wondering why, since her panties were still wet), and unlocked the door without even washing her hands. If Lily had any chance of mitigating her accident, she was going to help her with it. Internally, though, she suspected the worst.

As she pulled her panties back up and hastily adjusted them and her dress, she heard Lily’s bellowing invective from outside. It was a tone she didn’t even know Lily was capable of, and it gave her a terrible start when it exploded out of nowhere, making her jump and then put a hand on her chest to make sure her heart was still beating. She didn’t know what was happening, but it definitely wasn’t good. Instinctively, she grabbed her pepper spray from her clutch and held it ready as she unlocked and swung open the door, just in case.

There was no one there but Lily, though her body language was like that of a crouching tiger, ready to spring and unleash a devastating attack. Angelica could also see that she had been too late; there was a massive dark puddle underneath Lily, and a few scintillating drops fell from between her legs, wrapping up her loss of bladder control. Compassion mingling with concern for her best friend made a knot settle in Angelica’s stomach, and she asked, her voice edged with uneasiness, “Lil, are you okay?”

Lily turned to face her, wearing a look of anguished surprise. As she did, Angelica could see the entire front of her dress was multiple shades darker and dripping with the results of her accident. Her answer was tremulous, and it was clear she hadn’t known it was Angelica who had unintentionally denied her her dignity. “Angie? What are you—no, no, I’m not okay. What were you doing in the bathroom? I mean—I guess I am, now. Okay, I mean. I just—I couldn’t hold it.” Her voice trailed off, and she wrapped her arms around herself in self-pity, her face starting to scrunch up as the load of stress toppled over inside her, and she gave in and began crying.

Angelica pulled Lily in close for a consoling hug. She held her tightly, letting her get all the tears out, as the two of them stood together in Lily’s puddle. Pretty soon, Lily finished her tears and pulled away, drawing a hand across her nose and eyes, sniffling. Her makeup was ruined now, and she really looked as though she had been through the wringer. Angelica spoke, her voice low and gentle. “Do you want me to take you home, Lil?”

Lily took a deep breath, regaining her composure. “No, actually. You could do me a huge favor, though.”

“Anything.”

“I brought a change of clothes with me. They’re in a bag downstairs with my parents. Could you grab it and bring it up here?”

“Sure thing. You brought a change of clothes?”

“Yeah, a group of us are going out to a party tonight to celebrate.”

Angelica raised an eyebrow. “You’re still planning to go?”

Lily gave a little self-deprecating chuckle. “Yeah. I mean, at this rate, why not?”

Angelica thought a moment, shrugged, and said, “All right. I’ll be right back with it.” She started to leave.

Lily’s voice stopped her. “Oh, and also, could you get my makeup bag? It has some remover in it.”

Angelica stepped back towards Lily, handing her her clutch. “I have some. You can use mine.”

“Thanks, Angie.” Angelica went to move again. “Oh, also, if you go back down the side stairs…you know what, never mind.”

Angelica turned down the hall and was soon out of sight of Lily. Had she stayed longer, she would have seen Lily walk over to the dropped phone, pick it up, consider it for a moment, then saunter into the bathroom and vindictively drop it into the toilet. With a sense of self-satisfaction, she then pulled some makeup removal wipes from Angelica’s purse and began cleaning up her face.

###

Back on the first floor, Angelica scanned the crowd for Lily’s parents. She was sure they would want to see their pride and joy and give hugs and take pictures, so they couldn’t be far. An initial survey was fruitless, however, and she began milling into the crowd, trying to think of where to look. As she walked, the cold dampness of her drying underwear started to itch, making her uncomfortable. She also realized, a little self-consciously, that she hadn’t washed her hands earlier.

As she stared off into the further recesses of the lobby, she suddenly heard a familiar voice behind her, calling her name. It took her a moment to recognize that the voice was actually real, since she hadn’t heard it in some time, and didn’t expect to hear it here, of all places. Turning around rapidly, her eyes went wide with stunned surprise at whom she saw.

“Brian!”

To Be Continued

First of all, I would like to thank everyone for their support on this story. This last half a chapter was met with even more writer's block than chapter 5, which I hope will not continue. Also, chapter 6 was originally going to be presented as a whole chapter, but it ended up being so long (and taking so long to write) that I decided to split it in two at a natural seam. But hey, since there are eleven planned chapters, and I've posted five and a half, that makes this story officially halfway done!

I hope you enjoy it. As always, feedback is appreciated.

