Dakota's Revenge

Author: AJA

*000*2022-04-29 06:19

Dakota’s Revenge (Introduction)

“Emmie, today’s the day.”

“Really? You have everything prepared already?”

“Yep. And I’m sure you have your part of the plan ready?”

“Everyone else and I will be gone all day tomorrow. You’ll have the whole dorm to yourself and those three.”

“Excellent,” Dakota smiled as she finished the last bit of her essay for History class. “And just like that, I’m done with all my homework for this month and next month. And now that that’s all done, it’s time to get revenge on Courtney and her cronies.”

“I’ll go make sure everyone’s still on board.” As Emmie left her dorm room, Dakota looked on at her computer, glaring at the thought of Courtney and her two cronies; Alexis and Penny. Those three made her hold in her pee for 24 hours with the threat of getting her expelled from school, all because she had copied a couple of answers from Courtney’s test. Dakota had to go to the hospital to check her bladder, but what made her even angrier was that Courtney had basically threatened to ruin her family’s life by getting her expelled. Dakota was the only member of her family to make it to college which was only because of the scholarship she worked weeks to get, and she wasn’t going to let some rich bitch who never knew a thing of how it felt to not even have enough money to afford a permanent home make her parents any more miserable.

“They’re all going with me, Dakota,” Emmie said, poking her head through the door. Dakota nodded with a smile on her face before grabbing her phone and dialing up several numbers. Dakota couldn’t think of a time when she had been more excited, and she began laughing out of excitement before the person on the other side answered the phone.

The Next Day…

Courtney woke up from her slumber, rising into a seated position. As she emitted a yawn, Courtney’s stomach immediately began rumbling, which Courtney disregarded at first, assuming it was just because she was hungry. However, as her stomach continued grumbling, Courtney realized that it wasn’t because she was hungry; it was because she had to poop. That, along with her bladder feeling like a full water balloon, immediately woke her up and got her rocketing out of bed and to her bathroom. However, when Courtney went to open the door, she realized that the doorknob was broken, rendering it completely unusable and trapping her out of the bathroom.

“What the hell!?” Courtney yelled, kicking her bathroom door in frustration before running out of her room, still in her pajamas. When she got into the hallway, Courtney saw Penny and Alexis outside as well, holding their stomachs in the same way she was.

“You guys too?” Courtney asked as Penny and Alexis turned to Courtney while shaking, as holding in their productions was getting harder and harder.

“Yeah! Like, I tried to go to our bathroom, but someone literally destroyed our toilet. Like…it’s in pieces right now!” Alexis yelled, letting out a guttural fart that echoed throughout the empty hallways.

“And nobody else is here! It’s so weird. We tried to ask other people to use their bathrooms, but almost nobody is here,” Penny explained. Courtney couldn’t believe what she was hearing; everyone in the dorms was gone and their toilets were completely unusable. While Courtney was trying to wrap her head around this situation, she heard a toilet flush coming from down the hall. Penny and Alexis heard this too, and they saw Courtney’s roommate, Eliza, come out of someone’s dorm room.

“Thanks for letting me use your bathroom, Dakota. I didn’t want to make a mess before heading out with everyone!” Eliza called out as she ran out of Dakota’s room. Courtney cringed when she heard that name, remembering Dakota as the person who cheated off her test. Luckily, in Courtney’s mind, Dakota seemed to learn her lesson after she was forced to hold her pee in for 24 hours. The three women didn’t really want to ask Dakota for help but realizing it was either that or using the carpeted floor as a toilet, the three of them rushed to Dakota’s room, keeping the door open as they barged into her room.

“Oh hi girls, what can I do for you?” Dakota asked. If Courtney and her friends weren’t keeping an ocean of liquid shit and piss from spilling out of them, they would’ve been suspicious about the excess honey that was dripping from her voice.

“You can let us use your bathroom!” Alexis yelled before doubling over to fight off a massive cramp. Dakota sat up from her chair, walked over to her bathroom door, and wiggled a key in front of the girls’ faces.

“Hmmmm…Nah.” Dakota then locked the door to her bathroom, putting the key back in her pocket.

“What do you mean ‘Nah’!?”

“I mean ‘Nah’. Why would I let you three rich skanks use my bathroom?” The three girls were incredulous at the tone Dakota was taking with them. A month ago, Dakota was letting them walk all over her and do whatever they wanted to her. This could be because she wanted to make sure she stayed in college, but either way, Dakota’s attitude was shocking to them. However, it wasn’t quite shocking enough for Alexis.

“Look Dakota, you better let us use that bathroom or I’ll--!”

“Oh, I know the three of you can beat me up, but you won’t.

“What the hell makes you think---!?” Dakota shut Alexis up by showing off several pictures in her hands.

“These are pictures of the three of you using fake IDs to get into a nearby bar. Now call me crazy, but I don’t think a prestigious college like this one would really want their students to go break the law like that,” Dakota explained, causing the color on Courtney’s face to completely vanish.

“What…what the hell are you getting at, Dakota?”

“Do you need it spelled out for you? I’m the one who put you in this position,” Dakota confessed, causing the three girls to look at her in shock. “That’s right, I had someone I know destroy your bathrooms, I got everyone out of the dorms, and I also locked you in my room. You have nowhere to go, which means we’re playing by one of my rules,” Dakota further explained as the girls sighed in shock and fear as Penny looked up at Dakota.

“So what do you have planned? You’re going to make us hold all this for 24 hours?” Penny asked, pointing at her bloated midsection as Dakota bit her lips in enjoyment.

“Oh no, I have something a little more…embarrassing and fun planned for you three,” Dakota explained, moving from in front of her desk, revealing a camera on top of her computer. On her computer screen, Dakota had Twitch opened up, primed to go live.

“See, a good way to make a quick buck is playing on Twitch. But as the memories of that faithful day kept playing and playing in my mind, I realized that I could use my Twitch account for my revenge. Basically, I’m going to stream your desperation and the results of your desperation live on Twitch to about…oh! 2000 followers, that’s more than I usually get,” Dakota explained. Before any of the three girls could voice their objections, Dakota then brought out a blackboard with Courtney, Alexis, and Penny’s names on them with five red tally marks underneath each one of their names.

“I promised my Twitch followers something big today, and today, you guys are going to compete for the opportunity to use the toilet.”

“And what if we refuse.”

“I mean, you can do that, but if you do, I’ll go to the Dean and show him these pictures. And either way, you’re locked in, and Twitch will still see you guys make a mess of yourselves,” Dakota explained, taking an unprecedented amount of joy in the squirming and moaning that Courtney and her entourage were doing.

“…what…what do we have to do?” Courtney asked, not being able to hold her head up.

“I’m glad you asked. See, this is a scoreboard, and since you’re all pieces of shit, I docked you 5 points. You have -5 points, and if you want me to unlock the bathroom for you, you have to get positive 5 points. And to get those points, you have to answer questions about…me,” Dakota explained, pointing to herself as she turned to her streaming camera and clicked the button to go live while the rest of the girls looked on in worry since they barely knew Dakota at all.

“Hey guys, as you can see, I just finished explaining the rules of our little game to these three. I’ve told you why I want to get my revenge on these three, so I want you all to give me some questions that you want me to ask them. I have a few ideas myself, but if you guys have questions as well, let me know,” Dakota said to her chat before looking at her victims from the corner of her eye, taking in more pleasure hearing the moans and seeing the squirming of her bullies.

“And with that out of the way, let’s get the fun started!” Dakota exclaimed, clapping her hands together, rubbing them in anticipation as Courtney and her friends looked on in concern while they tried to maintain their hold on their bladder and bowels.

Based on @Jailor Eckman

's 'Off Limits' comic. I have no idea how it's going to continue or how it's going to end, but I decided to create a scenario where Dakota finally gets some revenge against her bullies, who made her hold pee for 24 hours. And yes, they gave me their blessing to do this fanfiction. Also, comment on what questions you want Dakota to ask her bullies. I don't know if I'll get the answers to questions about Dakota right, but still sounds like something fun.

