April's desperation

Author: Secretbloke

*000*2020-07-28 20:35

April was driving at high speed on the small country road. She had spent the afternoon at her friend Marie's house, who was celebrating her birthday. Now she was on her way home. But she was feeling increasingly uncomfortable: her intestines were growling and she needed to go to the toilet as soon as possible. She hadn't really felt like going to her friend's house, but soon after leaving she felt the need. She was wearing tight denim overalls that pressed her stomach, which didn't make it easier for her to concentrate on the road.

She threw her long brown hair back and squinted her eyes while biting her lips. Shit was now pressing hard on her bum, and she hadn't had a bowel movement for several days. She bit her lower lip harder and squeezed her buttocks. There had to be at least 30 minutes before she got home. Just a few hours earlier, it would have seemed imaginable to her, a 21-year-old woman, to need it that badly. However, she was not yet afraid not to make it, she thought she could hold out for a long time.

After 15 minutes she really started to worry. A log was beginning to push very hard on her sphincters, trying to force his way out. She looked to the side of the road to see if there was a place where she could relieve herself, but this residential area did not leave her any possibility. Fortunately, the seat and her tight overalls helped her to physically hold the shit in, at least for the moment; but she was concentrating on the road to try to get there as quickly as possible.

She was now five minutes away from home. She had had to put a hand under her buttocks to block the mass trying to get out of her aching intestines. It wasn't even diarrhoea, it was just that her body had reached its limits and was looking for a way to let it all out. She was sweating profusely, but was determined to sit tight and hold it all the way through.

She finally arrived in front of her house. She hurriedly parked across her driveway and opened the car door feverishly. But she was afraid to lose everything in her pink panties if she got up. She pressed her left hand firmly against her buttocks and stood up slowly. She locked her car and walked carefully towards the door of her house. If only she could hold on for one more minute, she could reach the bowl and release everything instead of having a major accident. She reached her door, and fortunately she was able to unlock it easily; she almost cried in pain, but all she had to do was run upstairs. Without even taking off her coat, she ran up the stairs as fast as she could, but she could feel that the shit was starting to come out, a big turd had forced its way through and was slightly touching the fabric of her pink panties. April knew it was now only a matter of seconds, but didn't give up, she opened her bathroom door wide and sat down on the toilet in a hurry.

She wanted to pull her pants down, but she remembered with horror that she was wearing overalls under her coat and sweater. There was now no way she could make it, she tried desperately to open the zipper of her coat with one hand and hold her ass with the other, but her body had decided otherwise, she began to shit uncontrollably, poo forming a bump in her panties and tight overalls. Her clothing held her so tightly that it totally moulded the mass that was now coming out of her, unable to hold anything.

First there was a bump the size of a golf ball, then a clementine. She couldn't clench her butt anymore, and the bump soon grew to the size of an orange. As her overalls were tight, the shit then spread down each buttock and up her lower back. She was finished. She felt deeply humiliated, she who had never had an accident, but also really relieved to be free of this load. She sighed and again began to lower her overalls, this time more calmly, to drop the big mass into the toilet water.

