Camille and Jen

Author: omofan5

*000*2022-07-24 00:35

Hello! This story was based on a commission by one of my patreon subscribers. If you want a story like this, check out my patreon and if you pledge just $5 dollars a month you can get your own commissioned story! If you enjoy this and just want to see more like it, consider pledging $3 dollars and get full access to all my stories and any future ones I'll post on there! Without any further ado, here's the story!

______

“Fuck! No!” Jen wanted to cry, she couldn’t believe what was happening. She was frozen in place, unable to take another step because her legs had to stay pressed together with her hands jammed between them. If she tried to move at all, she would feel hot spurts escape into her panties.

“C’mon it’s so close!” Camille told her friend. Camille could tell there were people watching, not many, but they definitely took an interest in what was happening. And that fact burned Jen. All of these people…standing around… about to watch her…

That fear just transitioned from her mind into reality. She couldn’t hold the flood back any longer. She felt the intense warmth and wetness explode against her crotch and her hands that were pressed against it, before it ran down the inside and back of her jeans. She was pissing herself in the middle of the mall, right near the bathrooms.

Jen hated thinking about that memory, but it made sense why it came up. Her and Camille were on their way to the mall again, for the first time since her accident. Camille was a huge help for Jen when it happened, comforting her friend and helping her get home. But ever since then, she’s started teasing Jen a bit about it. She would say things like “Are you sure you don’t want to stop and use the potty first?” And “Be careful drinking so much, don’t want a repeat of the mall!”

And truthfully, Jen has been thinking more about her bladder as well. Every time she felt the urge to pee, she worried if she would make it to the toilet in time. She’d had a few close calls since, nothing like the mall, but her anxiety about her bladder was so bad that she decided to do something somewhat drastic.

“I mean I think it’s a good idea, plus they look cute on you!” Camille told Jen, causing her to blush bright red. She couldn’t believe what she was wearing, but there she was, standing in the doorway of Camille’s bedroom showing off her brand new “incontinence panties” or as Camille liked to call them…

“Are you wearing your pull-ups?” Camille asked Jen before taking a sip of her iced coffee. Jen blushed just like she did when she first got them. She was wearing them, right underneath her red, floral print skirt. She just nodded at her friend, and fiddled with the hem of her skirt, causing her friend to laugh.

“Don’t worry, it’s going to be fine.” Camille took off her sunglasses to reveal her green eyes, her curly, light brown hair fell past her shoulders almost touching the white crop top she was wearing with her light washed jeans. Jen was always jealous of her friend's hair and eyes. She was a darker brunette, and her eyes matched, but Camille always assured her that she was more attractive than she thought.

Today the two young women were on the hunt for deals, the mall they frequented was never that busy, so the stores always had great sales to bring customers in, and since it was the beginning of summer they had to get some fresh styles. Camille led the way of course, she was always the more bold and outgoing of the two, but ever since Jen’s accident she had been more demure. And secretly wearing a pull-up instead of panties, a difference she could feel with every step, made her more shy.

It wasn’t long before Jen first felt the tingling in her bladder. She had coffee as well, but finished hers sooner than Camille. She knew Camille would be desperate to pee soon too, and she didn’t want to admit she had to use the bathroom so soon after arriving at the mall. But Jen also didn’t want to actually wet her pull-up. The thought made her shiver, Camille would tease her relentlessly, but at least it would beat pissing her jeans.

Jen was correct in assuming Camille would have to go soon, she had actually needed to use the bathroom before they even entered the mall. But she wasn’t worried, she knew there were bathrooms close by and she would use them soon. Camille always held her pee until the last minute, she was usually too wrapped up in whatever she was doing to bother using the toilet. And honestly? She sometimes enjoyed the feeling of a full bladder. But that coffee she had was starting to affect not only her bladder, but her bowels as well. And this feeling was more unpleasant, but she still chose bouncing around the store looking at cute outfits over heading to the bathroom, until Jen finally spoke up and said something.

“Hey uh, Cam… do you think we could go to uhh…” Jen fiddled with the hem of her skirt again, she was clearly too ashamed to ask but Camille knew what her friend needed.

“Of course, I really need to go too.” Camille told her friend, which seemed to relieve Jen. But unable to pass up the chance to tease her, Camille added. “Why don’t you just go right now though? No point in running all the way to the toilet?” Jens blush returned even harder and Camille just snickered.

Maybe it was karma, but when Camille got to the bathroom, what she saw made her jealous of Jen and her pull-ups.

“Out of order?!?” Jen read the sign on the bathroom door out loud.

“It’s fine. We can just head to the other bathroom.” Camille said through gritted teeth, her need to piss was really bad, but it was her bowels that were really troubling her.

“Are you sure? It’s really far.” Jen asked.

“Well, what other choice do we have?” Camille responded, bouncing from leg to leg.

“I mean, maybe we could just go back to the car and you can pee in the parking lot like you always do…” Jen offered. “And I can just use…you know…”

“I would Jen, the only problem is I have to do more than pee.” Camille told her, causing Jen to simply reply “Oh.” And go quiet, before the two set off to find the bathroom on the other side of the mall.

Jen’s need to pee was intense, not as bad as her first accident, but she knew she had to find the toilet fast. She could tell Camille was in an even worse position, her friend was openly grabbing her crotch, and she only did that when she really needed to pee. Usually when she was at home and about to run to the bathroom, or when she was ready to go hide somewhere, pull her pants and panties down, and piss on the ground. But neither of those options were available right now.

Jen’s thoughts stopped when Camille stopped suddenly, she saw her friend take a big breath and squeeze her crotch tighter than before, contorting her body in a desperate attempt to hold her piss in.

“I think I just leaked, like really bad.” Camille told her friend. “We really need to get there soon.” Camille looked at the stores around her, and she came to a terrible realization. They’ve been going the wrong way!

“Fuck, we went the wrong way…” Camille told Jen. Jen groaned and turned around to look to see where they were, she fiddled with her skirt and bounced around. She felt like she was going to leak any minute as well.

“What are we going to do?” Jen looked back at Camille, and she could see by the look on her face it was too late. It was just like Jen’s accident, the way the wetness seeped from her crotch down her legs, spreading across the back, running down into her shoes and socks and puddling on the floor. Jen could remember the warm wet feel of her accident and she knew Camille was feeling the same thing as well.

Camille felt bad for teasing her friend so much about her accident, now that she was experiencing much the same thing. Her jeans were drenched, and it was obvious to anyone who saw her what had happened. The wet denim clung to her legs just like her panties clung to her crotch. She gave up any last bit of control of her bladder and let the piss flow. She looked at Jen, and saw her friend's face burning red, but she didn’t immediately know why. She saw tears form in Jen’s eyes, and her legs spread apart and her knees buckled somewhat. That’s when Camille realized that Jen was having an accident of her own in her pull-up.

Jen stumbled backwards onto a bench nearby, as she sat she felt the material of the pull-up squish against her nether regions. That was the final straw, it became impossible to hold back. All the piss that she had been holding for hours began roaring into the pull-up. She felt as she did for her previous accident, like there were a million eyes on her, even though this time it was more likely they’d be in Camille. But even though it was relatively hidden, this accident still humiliated Jen. She could feel the material of the pull-up swell underneath her, until it couldn’t take any more. Then, she felt her thighs begin to get wet, she was pissing so much that the pull-up had begun to leak, and drip through the bench onto the ground beneath her.

Even though both girls were soaked, Camille was still set on finding the bathroom. One accident was bad enough for her, she didn’t need to completely soil her clothes. She took Jen’s hand and helped her stand up, watching little drops of piss run down her friends legs past her skirt.

“C’mon, I still need to go.” Camille said before dragging her soggy, upset friend along by the hand. Every step Camille took she felt her socks squish in her wet shoes, and she felt the wet fabric of her panties rub against her. She wanted nothing more than to take them off as soon as possible, the dampness wasn’t only uncomfortable, but it was making it harder to hold what was in her bowels. Camille had to hold herself again like she did when she had to pee, only this time she pressed a hand firmly against her wet behind, and it was far less effective. She was losing the battle and she knew it.

Jen hoped her friend could make it, she knew how humiliated Camille felt after wetting herself, but she couldn’t imagine how it would feel to do that. Camille had been leading the way the entire time, but her speed walk had slowed down, and now it was more of a waddle. Her friend was almost doubled over, red in the face, using all her power to keep her bowels from exploding in her pants. That’s when Jen saw it, the bathroom sign, it was too late for her and Camille’s bladders, but at least her friend would make it without a load in her panties.

At least, that’s what Jen thought, until she looked back at Camille and realized her friend was frozen in place, now it was Jen’s turn to offer encouragement, to urge her to make it to the relief that was so close.

But Camille’s relief was coming now, it was impossible to stop it, the warm, solid log of poop had breached and made contact with her panties, beginning to squish between her ass and tight jeans. Camille realized she lost, there she was, standing so close to the restrooms as she grunted and filled her panties. Jen finally saw her friend move, but not towards the bathroom, but next to a trash can. Camille squatted down, hiding from any potential spectators, before grunting and completely releasing her bowels into her pants. The mess felt even warmer than her pee, and she felt it spread all across her ass. She was going as if she was on the toilet at home, but she wasn’t, she was squatting next to a trash can at the mall. Her hands were on her face in shame, once she had finished, she stood up and felt the mess move around, some of it even dripped down her leg.

Jen felt terrible for her friend, not only did her jeans have a gigantic wet patch, there was also a noticeable, smelly, brown bulge in the back. She led Camille into the bathroom, and helped her friend clean up as much as they could. They ended up abandoning Camille’s panties and Jordan’s pull-up in the bathroom trash can, and left the mall dirty, soaked, and humiliated!

