Dawnswall (Interactive)

Author: Poowrite

*000*2015-05-26 03:56

I've wanted to run one of these for a while now, and figured that I never would if I didn't just get one started. So join me, fair reader, for my first attempt at an interactive story!

Read the spoiler for a quick (or maybe not so quick) summary, skip it to jump right in!

{{: 

This is an interactive story set in the fantasy world of Raylia. The player character is Calista Dupray, an adventurer well schooled in the art of spell casting and swordplay. The entire story will take place in Dawnswall, a large city located in the heart of the Lothyand kingdom.

Spell casters in this world work their magic by channeling aether through their bodies to produce a wide variety of effects, often limited only by the spell caster's imagination. Examples of the most common uses of magic include wielding the elements as weapons, creating magical shields or barriers, enhancing one's senses such as sight or hearing, and even influencing weak minded individuals. Basically, if you think of some clever way to use magic suggest it! There's a good possibility it'll be allowed (within reason, of course).

Using magic isn't free, however. Channeling aether always has some effect, typically short lived, on the caster. The most common effect of channeling, by far, is physical and mental fatigue. Other documented effects range from harmless, such as body hair or fingernails growing more quickly as aether is channeled, to potentially fatal, such as the flesh rotting away. Naturally, the more potent the spell the more pronounced the effect will be on the caster.

For Calista, channeling aether causes her bladder and bowel to fill.

I don't plan on this being a super numbers heavy story, and I'll do any rolls or checks that need done behind the scenes. The story will describe Calista's current equipment, I'll list Calista's inventory when it changes and whenever anyone asks. As far as stats, I'll really only be listing condition and bladder / bowel in each post.

Condition is a measure of Calista's health and has the following values:

Perfect: Calista has no injuries or damage to speak of.

Good: Calista has suffered a few scrapes or bruises, nothing that will negatively impact performance.

Okay: Calista has taken a bit of a beating and isn't quite operating at 100%.

Bad: Calista has been beaten badly and may have a few severe injuries.

Critical: Calista is near death.

Bladder / Bowel Fullness is a measure of how badly Calista needs to go and have the following values.

Empty: Calista just went. She cannot go while in this state.

Mostly Empty: Calista recently went. She cannot go while in this state.

Full: Calista needs to relieve herself, but will only do so if she is somewhere relativity safe. Fear accidents may occur.

Desperate: Calista needs to relieve herself badly. Exerting herself may result in an accident. Becoming overly stressed or encountering a truly horrific foe will result in an accident.

Losing it!: Calista is about to lose control! Exerting herself will result in an accident, an accident might occur naturally if she doesn't deal with her urge immediately.

A wetting while the bowel is Desperate will result in a messing.

A messing while the bladder is Full will result in a wetting.

I know that many of these include custom art work but... well... I can't art, so this will be text only. Whichever choice gets the most votes is the one we'll go with. Feel free to change your vote at any time before the next event gets posted. In case of a tie, it's first come, first served.

Obviously, this game involves pooping / messing. If that's not your thing, I apologize but this may not be for you.

Finally, I'm open to feedback or suggestions while the story is running.

With all that out of the way, let's get started!

}}

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Full / Mostly Empty

Current Inventory:

{{: 

Items: None

Currently Equipped:

Body / Legs: Woolen Gown

Nothing else

}}

*THUD* *THUD* *THUD*

The sound of something heavy banging on your door draws you from a peaceful slumber. You sit up and a thin sheet slips away from your shoulder, exposing your arm to the chilly night air. Your eyelids feel heavy, and you reach up to rub the sleep from them then brush a strand of your ruby red hair behind your ear.

Your name is Calista Dupray, and like a number of professional adventurers you came to Dawnswall looking for work. With caravans and wagons coming and going on a daily basis, wealthy lords looking for another bodyguard or estate guard, and any number of wealthy entrepreneurs looking for another body to go delving into some ancient ruin, the bustling city was always in need of another sword arm for sell. You had arrived in the city earlier in the evening and rented a room at the Goblin's Bag Inn. After a hot meal, a couple flagons of ale, and a warm bath you had gone to bed. No one had known you were coming. You don't know anyone in Dawnswall, and your arrival certainly hadn't been anything of note.

”So why is someone banging on my door in the middle of the night,” you wonder.

*THUD* *THUD* *THUD*

Not your door, you realize. The sound is loud, but muffled by distance. You realize that it is coming from down the hall, but getting closer. You can make out the sound of a man's voice, but cannot hear the words.

”Most likely Master Gerald,” you think, remembering the middle-aged innkeeper. ”Waking his clientele in the middle of the night? Must be something serious going on. I can't imagine he'd risk the negative word of mouth waking his guests for something mundane might bring.”

Almost fully awake now, you sit at the edge of your bed pondering what to do next. If there were some unknown danger, you might be able to detect it by casting a web of magic out like a million invisible feelers. That plan makes you keenly aware of the slight weight in your bladder. The ale you'd consumed for dinner was about ready to be let out, and spell casting would only make that worse. You could just poke your head out into the hall and see if you can hear what Master Gerald has to say. He was only a couple doors down from your room...

1. Use your magic to see if anything is amiss.

2. Poke your head out of your room to see whats going on.

3. Other (please specify)

*004*2015-05-27 04:44

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Full / Mostly Empty

Over the years, you have come to rely on your magical talents. Your gift has helped you escape danger or avoid it altogether more times than you can count. You turn to it now, counting on it to give you the answers to your questions.

You pull your legs up onto the bed and cross them. You close your eyes and focus, sensing the aether surrounding you. In your mind's eye, you can see it glimmering all about you like a billion stars dotting the night sky. You draw it into yourself, and for a moment the muffled sounds coming from outside your room become distant.

You bend the aether to your will, casting it out like a web. Invisible strands of concentrated magic cover the interior of the inn and an area about fifty feet around the building. Though it is the dead of night outside, the aether presents you with an image illuminated as if by the noon sun. You can hear the sound of distant thunder, feel the cool breeze against your skin. You can smell the clean night air, and can just barely catch a whiff of the oil burning in the lamps that light the entrance to the Goblin's Bag Inn. You do not see or sense any immediate threats.

Your enhanced senses allow you to see into the hall outside your room. The man going door-to-door is not Master Gerald. This is a younger man, tall and broad-shouldered with short cropped black hair and neatly groomed, dark beard on his chin. His features are strong and chiseled. He wears a white tunic over a suit of silvery mail and a wicked looking mace hangs at his hip. The sunburst pattern emblazoned on his tunic's chest identifies him as a Priest of the Dawn.

You only know a little about Dawnswall, but to know anything of Dawnswall is to know of the Priests of the Dawn. They name Mykona, Goddess of the sun, as their matron and are the sole religion within the city. Not surprising, given that they are recognized as the founders. You don't know the details of the city's founding or their role in it, but you do know that Priests of the Dawn serve as both the population's spiritual guide and protectors. They are well respected and trusted by law abiding citizens.

”So what brought them here in the dead of night,” you wonder. ”Are they hunting a criminal?” Your enhanced hearing allows you to hear the priest's hurried words to the occupants of the room he is visiting.

“Get your things and meet in the common room. This sector of the city is not safe. A handful of my brothers await downstairs. Once everyone is ready, we will guide you to Temple Dawn. You will be safe there.” Before he can answer any questions, he has moved on to the next door.

”He said this sector of the city wasn't safe, so maybe if I expand my search,” you think. Mindful of the fullness in your bladder, you expand the web of magic but sacrifice much of the detail you had enjoyed to avoid channeling too much aether and putting yourself in a bad situation. The smells fade and are replaced by the musty smell of your rented room. The sounds and sensation of cool wind on your skin fades. The image in your mind grows hazy. Instead of relying on your five senses, you search for concentrations of fear or pain, sources of magic, or anything else that makes you feel uneasy.

You sense the presence almost immediately. Powerful. Malevolent. Otherworldly. It burns like an ember in your soul, manifesting in your mind's eye as an angry red blob. Your skin crawls. You cannot sense the presence's exact location in the city. If you focus your aether on the presence, you might be able to discern where the presence is originating from. Of course, you might alert It to your probes if you do.

There were the Priests of the Dawn. They were gathering the guests in the common room and had promised to get them somewhere safe. You could go with them, and might even be able to earn a few coins helping protect the citizens. If the Priests were paying.

Or, you could do the sensible thing and get the hell out of Dawnswall.

1. Strengthen your spell and probe the Presence.

2. Get dressed and go to the common room.

3. Get out of Dawnswall.

4. Other (please specify)

*013*2015-05-28 05:16

{{: 

Whaaaaa poowrite good to see you're not hibernating!

Dissenting opinion, option #1 strength the probe. We have magic use it!

}}

Hibernation is the Poowrite's natural state!

{{: 

If I know anything its that a group of protectors like the priests of dawn they have next to no aether magic on their side, only divine. we should get dressed and go to the commons room.

}}

Haha, I'm making a lot of the rules and stuff up as I go along but you basically nailed this. Priests use divine miracles that have to go through finicky gods :P.

Option 2 is looking good. It's way past my bedtime :< so I'll get the new post up tomorrow as soon as I can.

*016*2015-05-28 17:49

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Full / Mostly Empty

Calista's Inventory:

Items:

Potion of Mend Wounds x2 (Raises Condition by one level)

Basic Adventuring Gear (Includes camping supplies, rope, oil for lanterns, bedclothes, rations, etc...)

Rolls of Sanitary Papyrus x3 (For when you gotta go...)

Equipped:

Body: Cotton Doublet / Leather Breastplate

Legs: Padded Breeches

Hands: Leather Gloves

Feet: Padded Greaves

Waist: Cloth Overskirt

Weapon: Scimitar

You stop channeling the aether and your room comes rushing back to you all at once. ”Well, that certainly explains why that Priest feels so anxious, and why he's trying to get people to safety. I wonder if they could use an extra pair of hands.”

You slide out of your bed and pull the wool gown over your head and toss it on the mattress. Cool air caresses your naked body. You point your finger at the oil lamp sitting on the table next to your bed and channel a tiny amount of aether. The wick inside the glass bulb flares to life, illuminating your room with a soft, flickering orange glow.

*THUD* *THUD* *THUD*

The heavy knocks on your door startle you. You instinctively press your thighs together over your exposed womanhood and wrap your arms around your perky breasts. It doesn't do much, but it at least preserves a little modesty. Luckily, it turns out to be unnecessary. The Priest doesn't open the door.

“I need a moment,” you call.

“I haven't got a moment,” he responds. “Make your way to the common room downstairs as soon as you are able.”

“What's going on,” you ask, but he has already moved on. Either that, or he simply doesn't have the inclination to give you an answer. You shrug, and begin donning your armor.

For most of your life you've lived and traveled alone, and as such have never had much use for heavy plate or chain mail that requires the help of a squire to equip. Your magic offers protection at least as good as steel, and so you prefer lighter armor and the freedom of movement it affords you. It doesn't take you long to get dressed, and once your gear is equipped you take a moment to examine yourself in the polished bronze that serves as the room's mirror.

Your upper body is protected by a tight fitting, cotton doublet. Over that you wear a breastplate of leather, dyed black save for an intricate pattern of criss-crossing red lines along the trim. It fits your upper body snugly, offering as much protection as can be expected from leather and cotton while still showing off the womanly curves of your body. Your breeches fit tight about your legs, and are spun more thickly than your doublet to offer you some protection. The material is a dark color, though not as dark as your breastplate. Leather gloves and greaves protect your hands and feet, respectively. Belted around your waist is an over-skirt, open in the front and the same design as your breastplate. A scimitar hangs and your hip. Underneath it all, you wear simple cotton small-clothes. Your red hair hangs to a few inches above the middle of your back at its longest point and frames a pretty face kept free of scars and blemishes through the application of magic.

Satisfied with your appearance, you grab your bag of holding and affix it to your belt, extinguish the oil lamp by blowing into the glass bulb, and exit your room. The hallway outside is the breadth of about two men and is illuminated by a series of pale glowing orbs running its length. One of the Priest's miracles, you assume. Speaking of, you turn and see him stepping away from your nearest neighbor. He sees you, and acknowledges you with a curt nod.

“What's going on,” you ask. “I'd like to lend a hand, if I can.”

“We would appreciate that,” he says, his voice genuine. “You're a sell-sword, by the looks of you. Honestly, we had counted on encountering a few of you here to help bolster our numbers. Master Gerald had a few staying with him, but most of them fled on their own. May Mykona light their path,” he says with a shake of his head. “In any case, I still have a few rooms to visit. Go to the common room and ask after Brother Elias. He can fill you in, and find the best way to put you to work. I am Brother Roland, by the way.”

“I am called Calista,” you reply.

“Calista. Thank you again, know that your kindness will not go unnoticed by the Mother of the Sun. I must see to the last of these rooms, I will meet you downstairs.” You part ways with a quick wave, and head toward the stairs.

On your way down, you can feel your bladder pressing you to visit a latrine. You feel a slight tightness in your pelvic region as your muscles contract against your body's urge. Your breeches feel a little more snug around your waist, likely due to a barely perceptible bulge in your lower abdomen. Your urge isn't desperate just yet, but you find yourself thinking of the pair of outhouses standing outside behind the inn and that it might be nice to pay them a visit.

You reach the bottom of the stairs and make your way into the common room. A handful of people are scattered about the room, sitting at the various tables in small groups and exchanging hushed, nervous whispers. A pair of men, Priests of the Dawn if their tunics are any indication, gently try to comfort a woman swollen with child. One of them might be Brother Elias, or might be able to tell you where to find him.

You glance to the back of the room to the door that leads outside, to the outhouses. Who knew when you would get another chance to go? ”Maybe I should deal with that first...” you think.

1. Seek out Brother Elias.

2. Use the outhouses.

3. Other (please specify).

