Angelica and Lily

Author: Guest AlphaCentauri

*000*2019-11-24 11:11

Hello, everyone,

This is the first story I have in a series starring these two characters. I hope I can get them all finished. For now, here you go.

(Warning: contains messing)

1. An Introduction

Angelica was surprised by the request her mom casually made while pressing the button on her phone to end the call. Not shocked, but it was nonetheless unexpected for a couple of reasons.

“That was Jeanne. She needs someone to babysit Lily on Saturday afternoon. Do you think you could do it?”

These were the reasons: first, Angelica never considered herself to be much of babysitting material. She had no younger siblings and was often the youngest in whatever group she found herself in, and so had never really interacted with kids much. But none of that mattered for the second reason: Lily was far too old for it to be considered “babysitting” at all. She raised an eyebrow and moved her lips to the side in an expression of “huh?” while asking, “Lily’s in high school, isn’t she? Isn’t that a little old to be babysat?”

Her mom let out a little sigh and clarified. “Yes, yes, not really babysitting…fine. But Jeanne and Derek will be out at the doctor’s for the afternoon, and they don’t want Lily to be all alone at home during that time. Can you do it?”

Angelica’s expression turned more placid as she thought for half a second before answering, “Sure, why not.” But her eyebrows immediately furrowed again as she remembered something else. “Wait a minute. Isn’t she the one who pees her pants all the time?” Try as she might, she couldn’t suppress a little snicker as she asked it.

Angelica’s mother’s face darkened as she fixed her daughter with one of her Looks. The tone of her answer matched her expression. “She has a sympathetic spastic bladder. Don’t laugh about it. Can you imagine if it was you who had that condition?”

“Yeah, I guess so.” Angelica looked away, feeling a little guilty.

“Okay then. I’ll text Jeanne and let her know your answer. I can drop you off there and then she’ll bring you back here once she’s back from her appointment.” Angelica’s mom turned and walked down the hallway, texting with one hand.

###

It was about a quarter after one on Saturday when Angelica and her mom started the forty-minute drive out to Lily’s house. The drive was mostly free of conversation, as Angelica idly passed the time on her phone, texting and Instagramming. It was more out of boredom than anything else, and she found her mind wandering. How did her mom know Mrs., uh….Jeanne? Now that she thought about it, she didn’t even know the family’s last name. Her mom met Jeanne through…the PTA? Was that it? Something like that. Angelica shifted in her seat and pushed a strand of brown hair behind her left ear.

She had never been to Lily’s house before—in reality, the two barely knew each other. Her mom was friends with Lily’s mom, but the friendship didn’t extend to their daughters. But Lily’s family was pretty well off, from what she knew. They lived out in a rural location, but they had a neighborhood watch and an in-ground pool. Angelica wished she had put on her bathing suit under her T-shirt and faded jeans—it was great swimming weather, in the warm-but-not-too-hot mid-June, and what better way for two young girls to spend an afternoon together?

Her mom interrupted into her thoughts to reiterate what she had already told Angelica before they left: “Now, remember, Ange, even though you’re doing a favor for them, you are still the Wellses’—” (aha! that was the name) “—guest. I want you to remember that. Be respectful of them and their home. Understood?”

Angelica breathed in and raised her head a little, still looking at her phone. “Yeah, mom. You told me that before we left.”

“Well, I want to make sure you understand it. This is your only chance to make a good first impression.” She gave her daughter a smile and turned her attention back to the road. A guest—that was probably the real reason why she hadn’t worn her bathing suit. She didn’t want to seem like she was disrespecting the Wellses by inviting herself to their pool—either to them or to her mom. Well. There would probably be other things she could find to do.

The sun was making it hard to see her phone screen, so she turned off the screen and dropped it between her thighs, before leaning against the door and letting the light pour across her face. As they drove past miles and miles of woods, the sunlight flashed in and out through the trees like a strobe light. With her eyes closed, the pulsating was almost hypnotic, and her thoughts wandered again.

So, Lily was maybe two or three years younger than she herself was. Was she into anything interesting? Angelica was almost done with Gone with the Wind and wondered about what kinds of books Lily liked…if any. Hopefully she wouldn’t want to spend the whole time just talking about boys. It might be fun for a little bit, but there’s only so long that kind of conversation could go on.

And…then her thoughts went back to where they kept slipping back to: Lily’s issue with wetting her pants. She stifled a laugh again thinking about it. It just seemed so…ridiculous. That someone at her age wouldn’t just have an accident, but actually be accident prone. Sure, there was always the occasional middle schooler or even high schooler that would pee themselves on a class trip, or during a test…but those incidents were rare enough that they would become the thing of legend for a few weeks or so, drifting on the winds of school gossip. But an ongoing issue? That was crazy. Had she just never been potty trained properly? Angelica couldn’t even remember the last time she had had an accident. Well, other than the one time in middle school at the Davises’ house, but she didn’t want to think about that.

What had her mom called it? “Sympathetic spastic bladder.” Sympathetic. Kind of like sympathetic vomiting? Or pain? So…did that mean that if someone else needed to pee, it made her need to pee too? That was the best she could figure. But that seemed pretty common. Doesn’t that kind of thing happen to most people? Lily’s condition must just be a lot more severe. It must be, if she actually had wetting accidents from it. Man, that must be crazy.

Angelica tilted her head back and tried to imagine what that must be like: bladder twitching and contracting, shifting from leg to leg, squeezing your thighs together hard to keep the flood inside…but then feeling yourself lose control, and pee flow out of you, despite your best efforts, all across your crotch and down your legs…as if on cue, Angelica’s own bladder gave an involuntary twitch and she took a quick intake of breath. Thankfully, she didn’t need to pee right now, but oh my goodness. She couldn’t even imagine how mortifying that would be.

Trying to take her mind off it, she picked up her phone again from between her legs and went back to distracting herself. She couldn’t stop herself from wondering if Lily would have any…issues…today, though. But she knew better than to bring it up when there.

###

The hatchback crunched to a stop on the gravel drive and shut off. Both Angelica and her mom stepped out, stretching and breathing in the air. All around were woods, and no traffic could be heard. The only sounds were the wind in the trees and the buzzing of cicadas and other insects. Mrs. Wells was already out the front door and coming up to meet them. “Tracy! Hi! So good to see you! Thank you for coming. And hello again, Angelica!” She gave each of them a hug when greeting them. Angelica had only met Mr. and Mrs. Wells once, but this sanguinity seemed to be standard behavior. She smiled back, “Hi. Thanks for having me over.”

“Oh, it’s our pleasure. You’re really doing us a huge favor! We couldn’t find anyone else we trusted on such short notice.” She said this last part to Angelica’s mom, but it didn’t prevent a small swell of pride from rising up inside Angelica at being apparently being considered so valuable.

“Here, come right this way. You can meet Lily.” Instead of leading them through the house, she walked over to the side and unlatched a small wrought-iron gate. “She’s in the pool in the back. Do you like to swim, Angelica? Did you happen to bring your bathing suit with you?”

“Um, I do, but I didn’t bring it, no.”

“Oh, that’s a shame. Maybe next time. Don’t worry, though, I’m sure there’s plenty for you to entertain yourself with.” They were at the backyard now, and Angelica could see the pool stretching out in the yard, its shiny blue surface looking absolutely tantalizing. At least she could put her feet in. Mrs. Wells called out, “Lily? The Carpenters are here. Come and say hello.”

As they stepped out of the shade of the house and back into the sun, Angelica could see a very thin, shoulder-length blonde-haired girl raise her head out of the pool and then climb up the ladder and stand there dripping as she grabbed a SpongeBob towel and wrapped it around her black one-piece swimsuit. She was shorter than Angelica but also slenderer, but she was already sporting a healthy tan, unlike Angelica, who preferred to stay indoors more. When she spoke, Angelica noticed that she had her mother’s mouth and smile. “Hi. I’m Lily. Are you Angelica?”

Angelica started to respond with a yes when Mrs. Wells cut in with a mildly chiding tone, “Now, Lily, what did I tell you? Be polite to our guest.”

Lily blushed a little and revised, “Hello, Miss Angelica. Pleased to meet you.”

Angelica couldn’t help but smile to herself as she realized that Lily’s mom probably made her daughter feel just as self-conscious about first impressions as her own mom. Lily started feeling less like a stranger to her and more like a potential friend. She stuck her hand out in her most mock-businesslike gesture and said in a playfully stern voice, “Pleased to make your acquaintance as well.” The two girls giggled as they shook hands a little too firmly, and Mrs. Wells laughed. “Well, look at you two! You’ll have a great time together. Derek and I will be back in a few hours. Make yourself at home here, Angelica. Have fun, and call us if you have any questions.” She turned off back to the path beside the house. From the other side, Angelica could hear the Wellses’ garage door opening and their car backing out.

Angelica’s mom gave her a hug. “Have fun, sweetheart. Call me if you need anything.” She followed after Mrs. Wells with a parting wave. Angelica waved back, then turned back slowly, taking in all the details of the back yard.

The house and yard were completely surrounded by woods, though there was still a privacy fence at the edge with a gate in the middle. That was at the far end of the yard, though, a good hundred feet away. Closer up there were a trampoline, then the pool, then the back patio which extended up to the back porch. There were two quad bikes parked close by the house, next to a couple of bushes. On the patio itself was an outdoor furniture set, with a glass-topped table in the center sporting a golf umbrella. On the table were an assortment of snacks, and an ice chest underneath boasted a bevy of soft drinks peeping their colorful heads out.

“Wow…you’ve got a nice backyard…” Angelica led off tentatively.

Lily gave a kind of half-hearted nod. “Yeah, it’s nice, I guess. I mean, yeah. Thanks.”

“Must be kinda nice to have all this to yourself, huh?”

“I guess. I mean, we’re kind of all alone out here. The nearest neighbor is like a mile away.”

“Wow.” Angelica turned back toward the snack table. She hadn’t had much of a lunch and was both hungry and thirsty.

“Oh, those are for you. Well, like, us. My mom wanted to make sure you felt appreciated.”

Angelica looked up. “Just the two of us? Really? There’s enough here for like a whole party of people!”

Lily shrugged. “Yup. That’s my mom.” She laughed a bit. “Seriously, though, have as much as you want. That’s why they’re there.”

Angelica smiled on one side and looked back to the ice chest. Was there any ginger ale? Ginger ale was her favorite. Ah! There one was! She pulled it out, relishing the chilled surface of the aluminum and the drips of icy water down the sides. With a ksshhh she popped it open and took a sip, then coughed as the bubbles went into her nose.

Lily sidled up next to the ice chest and popped open a Sprite. Angelica by now had found a bag of Chips Ahoy and began munching on them.

Lily gulped down some Sprite and then asked, “So, Miss Angelica, do you like to swim?”

Angelica finished washing down some cookie and suppressed a burp. “Yeah, I do, but I don’t have a swimsuit with me.”

“Aw, that’s too bad. I love swimming. It’s like, literally my favorite thing to do during the summer. But it’s more fun with more people.”

“Do you have any friends around?”

“Haha, no one lives around. Not walking distance, at least. I really only see friends at school.”

“Oh, that’s too bad.” Angelica tried to burp discreetly.

Lily laughed. “What is it?” asked Angelica. Lily kept laughing. “That face you made! It was like, your eyes crossed.” She imitated it.

“No they didn’t! I didn’t look like that!” Angelica protested good-naturedly.

“You really did!” And then, most likely from laughing, Lily also burped, but much louder. This sent both girls into a fit of giggles. Angelica felt good. It seemed like the two of them might really click.

###

Almost two hours had passed. Angelica and Lily had chatted for a while, talking about Lily’s pets (an iguana and a guinea pig), historical fiction (Lily wasn’t as into reading but did like some historical movies), the vacation the Wells family would be taking soon to the Bahamas, and just whatever. They dangled their feet in the water for a while, eating snacks and drinking soda, before Lily wanted to go back to swimming, and so Angelica sat on the chaise lounge with another ginger ale after putting her shoes back on to keep her feet from getting sunburnt. Eventually conversation died down and Lily swam by herself while Angelica went back to her phone. Instagram was interrupted by a text from Jackie, a friend of hers from school.

Hey Ange

Angelica tilted the screen away from the sun and squinted to better see past the glare. Holding the phone with two hands, she used her thumbs to reply.

Hey Jackie

Whats up?

Wyd

The librarys doing a free movie

Want to come

?

Cool, what time?

And what movie

In like fiften minutes

Tangled I think

Sorry, I can’t make it

Sounds fun though.

Ah you suckkkk

Haha

Why cant u come tho

My mom asked me to be with

The Wells’ daughter while they’re out.

Whos that

You know Lily?

O yeah

Isnt she the one who pees her pants alot?

Yeah, that’s her.

Angelica looked up at Lily, who was currently lazily performing a backstroke. She felt a little weird about Lily’s condition being brought up, thinking that just a few hours ago, it was the main identifying feature she knew about Lily. Now to hear someone else express the same perspective after being able to spend some time getting to know Lily as a person was somewhat jarring. She had actually forgotten about Lily’s bladder until Jackie’s text, and she felt a pang of guilt in her gut when remembering her morbid fascination on the drive out, even half-hoping that she would see the effects. She also felt a pang of something else, a little lower in her body. Her phone then buzzed a “Low Battery” alert, which brought her back to the text conversation.

Wow that’s cray

Has she had to go pee a lot

?

No, she seems normal. She’s nice.

We’ve been getting to know each other.

Does she like wear diapers or somthing?

Angelica brushed a strand of hair out of her eyes and shifted in her seat. This talk about peeing was making her have to go herself. She tilted her head back to drain the last of the ginger ale from the can before putting it on the table next to her, noticing only then that it was her fourth overall. That was actually a lot of soda.

No she doesn’t.

Anyway, can we talk about something else?

It’s making me have to pee.

Haha

I feel u girl

Well, sorry u cant comeee

Thanks. Have fun

Her phone buzzed another “Low Battery” alert. She saw that there was only 2% left and thought she should probably put the phone away. Right after putting it in her pocket, though, another text came in.

Pee

Pee

Rivers

Waterfalls

She laughed at Jackie’s antics, but not before feeling Jackie’s desired effect in a contraction in her bladder. She leaned forward in her seat and typed back.

Jackie! Not funny. Lol

But then her phone gave one final buzz as the screen went out. The battery had died. Angelica took the cue and stood up from the chaise lounge, stretching and feeling the sun on her skin again after being under the golf umbrella. Her bladder was beginning to hurt. She really should go and use the bathroom now. She stepped up the patio and onto the back porch. Taking hold of the handle of the sliding glass door, she pulled on it.

The door wouldn’t move.

It took her a moment to register what happened. Then she gave another tug, this time with both hands.

Nothing. The door was locked.

Having the prospect of relief be so close and then denied her sharply intensified her need to go. Her bladder suddenly contracted, and she gasped and had to bend over to keep from leaking.

She stood there for a few seconds, hands on her thighs, trying to figure out what to do. She was now starting to get genuinely worried. It might be over another hour before the Wellses came back, and she didn’t know if she could wait that long. Unbidden, her thoughts from the car ride earlier started to drip—drift!—back into her head: the feeling of desperation, of holding back with all your strength only to lose control anyway, of the spreading warm wetness…

Her bladder spasmed again and she had to quickly grab her crotch to keep from letting anything out. No! She couldn’t let herself think like that. Honestly, she had probably had to go this badly before, on car trips or whatever. She would be fine. Of course she would. But her stomach was now feeling full of butterflies and gave an ominous gurgle.

Taking a deep breath, she turned back toward the pool and walked out onto the patio. “Lily?” she called out.

Lily raised her head up and shifted from floating to treading water. “What is it, Miss Angelica?”

Angelica hooked a thumb over her shoulder at the back door. “I need to use the bathroom, but I think the back door is locked.” She tried to keep her voice steady, but she could tell that it came out a little higher pitched than normal.

The look that came over Lily’s face did not make Angelica feel any more at ease. It was clearly a look of concern, but had a flash of something more for a second…something almost like fear. She climbed out of the pool again, did a quick dry-off with her towel before wrapping it around herself, then came up the porch as well. Angelica was shifting her legs back and forth at this point, trying to look less urgent than she felt. The pool water dripping off Lily wasn’t helping at all.

Lily grabbed the door handle and gave it a firm tug. Just as when Angelica tried it, it didn’t budge. She cupped her hands and peered through the glass for a few seconds, even though Angelica was sure that they both knew the house was empty. Angelica took the opportunity to rub her thighs up and down while Lily couldn’t see her.

“Yeah, it’s locked. I guess Mom or Dad locked it accidentally before leaving.” She paused and scanned the back wall of the house. “Do you have to go pretty bad?”

Angelica felt too self-conscious to answer honestly, and besides, wasn’t Lily’s condition sympathetic? She tried to downplay how she felt. “Uh, well, I need to go, but I’ll be okay.” She gave a weak smile, hoping to convince herself as well as Lily.

“Okay.” Lily’s answer didn’t seem entirely genuine.

After a few seconds of awkward silence, during which Angelica was finding it difficult to stand still, she decided to swallow her pride. “Do you know if there’s another way into the house? A side door…an open window?” She tried to say it in a way that would almost make it sound like a joke, but instead of laughing, Lily turned slowly toward Angelica with a pale expression. “So you do have to go pretty bad…huh?” Angelica noticed that Lily started to shift from one foot to the other.

“I just…I need to…use the bathroom. Yeah. I do.” She admitted it in the hope that Lily would know a solution and she would be provided with relief. Instead, saying it out loud just made her need more intense, as if her psychological barriers were starting to wear thin. She started to bob up and down a little in spite of herself, and her stomach churned again. Without warning, a fart slipped out, thankfully unheard over the cicadas. Her hands involuntarily shot to her butt before she realized it and moved them back down to her sides, blushing.

Lily swallowed and answered, “The windows are probably all latched shut to keep the A/C inside. The only other door is the front door…but it’s normally locked.”

“Is there a spare key or something? Anything you can think of?” Her voice had an audible tremor at this point.

Lily’s eyes brightened. “Oh good idea! I think so. I know we used to have one…let’s go try and find it.” She stepped off the porch and towards the side walkway with Angelica following. As soon as she reached the path, though, she suddenly drastically slowed her pace. The delay caused a spike of irritation to shoot through Angelica, perfectly in sync with a spike of pain through her lower abdomen. She clenched both her teeth and sphincter, then realized what made Lily slow down so much. She was still barefoot from the pool and the path was paved with gravel. It must have been painful and slow going for her.

Pity made her regret her irritation, and she said, “I can go check, since you’re barefoot. Where did you keep the key?”

“Thanks. Under the rock at the corner where the right side of the front rock meets the porch.” She gestured with her hands to demonstrate.

“Okay. And…see if you can find any way in back here.”

“Okay, I’ll do that.” She turned back to the grass of the back yard.

As soon as she was by herself, Angelica started walking faster. She was still keeping all her muscles rigid in an attempt to prevent any from accidentally relaxing. She was sure that if anyone saw her, it would be super obvious that she had to pee. Against her will, her thoughts began to wander.

I can’t believe I have to pee this bad…this morning I couldn’t even remember what it felt like to pee this bad…is this what it feels like for Lily?...my bladder is gonna pop and my crotch is tingling…

Gotta keep it in. Gotta keep it in. I can do this. Yes. I can do this. I’ll just go and get the key, and then sweet relief…to be able to let it all out…

No! Can’t think of that. Gotta stay focused.

She had to stop and cross her legs for a few seconds, doubling over as she did so. Her stomach gave another unwelcome rumbling. She felt like there was more gas, but didn’t want to risk trying to let any out.

Of course I’ll make it. That’s what normal people do. They don’t pee themselves. I’m way too old to pee myself. I’ll be fine.

Her walk relaxed slightly, letting her speed up some more. There, now. That was the way to do it. See, she’d be fine. Just fine.

Her bladder was still twinging when she opened the wrought-iron gate and stepped onto the front lawn, but she ignored it. Relief was near. Soon, this would be nothing but a memory of a close call and everything would be okay, nothing to fear.

Anticipation was sending needles through her bladder and she clenched harder as she came up to the spot Lily had described to her. There was the rock. Just…move it to the side…and…

Nothing.

She could feel her heartbeat quicken as her face blanched. This was her only hope of getting inside, and now it was gone. It was supposed to be there, but it was gone! Her bladder tightened and she could feel the tension go all the way into her thighs.

Her brain reeled. Maybe the Wellses would be back early? But there was no way to know. Maybe they would know some other way in? But her phone died—how could she reach them? Maybe a neighbor’s house? But there was no one…the nearest neighbor was “like a mile away,” according to Lily.

In one last burst of desperation, she scrambled around the front garden, overturning rocks, lifting pots, feeling through the soil, trying to find a key anywhere, anywhere at all. Her bladder was on fire. She dashed up to the front door—maybe it was unlocked? But no, tugging and pushing and slamming against the heavy oak yielded no hope of entry.

She stumbled back, off the porch, sweat beading on her forehead, her eyes darting back and forth, hoping beyond hope for some cracked window, some miraculous entry. But she found nothing. The house loomed over her, imposing, resolute, unyielding.

It felt like a black hole opened in her soul, draining out her resolve in a spectral pull of despair mingled with resignation. There was nothing left to do but give in…give in and…

Her bladder spasmed again, and this time, her clenched sphincter muscles were not strong enough to stop it. A spurt of hot urine surged into her underwear, and at the same time, another fart burst out of her behind. She gasped loudly, wide-eyed, and jammed a hand into her crotch to keep any more from leaking out.

Back yard. Now. Maybe Lily found a way in.

She tried to move as quickly as possible down the path past the gate again, but found she had to keep her hand in her crotch, intermittently squeezing, which slowed her down considerably. At this point, she didn’t even care if Lily saw her like this. She just had to hold on. She had to.

Somehow being in a secluded place on the side of the house caused her desperation to shoot up in sharper and stronger waves than before. She was moving as fast as she could, but kept having to stop to keep from losing control. Panic made her thoughts roil.

I can’t wet myself I can’t wet myself I can’t wet myself oh crap oh crap

I can’t believe this is happening to me Is this because I made fun of Lily But I didn’t really make fun of her I swear I can’t wet myself I’ve gotta hold on Can’t let go oh crap Can’t let go Can’t let go

Despite holding herself, she felt another spurt leak out into her panties, which now felt hot and sticky against her private parts. She tried to control her breathing. She could still make it with minimal damage done.

If only I’d brought my swimsuit I could just pee in the pool All nice and warm To just relax If only I could just relax and let go Let go Let go oh crap oh crap I can’t I can’t

Mincing her way further, teeth clenched, tears began forming in her eyes.

It would feel so good to just let go

No! No I can’t!

Yes just let go Just let go

No! No! No!

Yes! Yes! Yes!

She spurted again. Then again, this time a little longer. The whole time, she was passing gas in little bursts as well. She was almost to the end of the walkway, but she could feel her hand getting warm and damp. She jammed her other hand into her crotch as well, holding on for all she was worth with both hands.

She rounded the corner at last, head down, eyes wide, breathing heavy, heart racing. She knew there would definitely be a wet spot in her crotch, but she didn’t know how bad. Right now she just had to keep it from getting any worse.

She could hear Lily come running up, but it seemed distant, like in a dream. Just like in a horror movie, when the bandages are sloooowly peeled away to reveal the villain’s disfigurement, she gingerly lifted her hands away from her crotch. Her legs were bent inward, knees together and shaking, and she could feel her face go white as she saw the damage.

Her jeans were clearly wet and dark all around her crotch, in an area about the size of a dessert plate. The wetness went slightly further down her right thigh, and the fabric was glistening at the center of her crotch. It was, all in all, very obvious that she had had a pee accident. Her breath caught and her heart was jackhammering in her skull. As if from far away, she could hear Lily’s voice—

“Miss Angelica? I couldn’t find any way in back here. Did you find the key?”

That was the last straw. With a groan, Angelica felt all her willpower and muscles give way at once. She sank to her knees as the floodgates opened, with no stopping them now.

It was like a faucet had been turned on in her pants. She watched, as if in a trance, as the wet spot rapidly darkened and grew shiny, then spread voraciously across her crotch and down her thighs. She just kept breathing in and out, in and out, powerless to do anything but watch. She could feel the wetness spread to her butt and then pour out in a stream directly onto the patio. Two puddles formed, one at each knee, and then they merged and were supplemented by the bigger puddle forming under her rear.

She could hear the sharp hssssss as she emptied her bladder, combined with the splashing of the urine underneath her. The waves of desperation gave way to ecstasy as relief finally came, but it was darkened by the heavy overshadowing sense of extreme embarrassment and shame of having actually wet her pants. Here she was, just a few hours ago unable to conceive of how anyone could lose bladder control and have an accident, and now she was experiencing just that. The tears that had formed in her eyes overflowed, and her heavy breathing shifted into soft sobs at her plight. She continued going to the bathroom in her pants for over half a minute before the flow finally tapered off.

For what seemed like a small eternity, there was silence. Even the cicadas had died down. The only sounds that could be heard were the quiet sniffles of Angelica as she wiped the tears from her reddened cheeks and the muffled drip…drip…drip of the last of her urine from her pants. Now that she was actually done, the wetness was starting to feel very cold.

Her head still down, Angelica couldn’t see Lily’s reaction. Eventually, Lily broke the silence.

“Miss Angelica?” Her voice sounded like she was going to be sick. “Miss Angelica, I—”

Then she made a kind of choking sound and was silent. The next thing Angelica heard was a spattering, splashing sound. But she had finished peeing—what could that be? And it was coming from in front of her…

She raised her head to meet Lily’s eyes, but her gaze only got halfway. It stopped on Lily’s feet, where Angelica could see a yellow puddle growing. Her eyes were drawn upwards, where she could see urine pouring out of the crotch of Lily’s black swimsuit, splashing in streams between her thighs, and coursing in rivulets down each of her legs. She watched, transfixed, for several seconds, then looked up at Lily’s face. Lily stood there open-mouthed, pale, and speechless. Her arms were rigid at her sides, and she seemed completely unable to make any effort to stop Nature’s course whatsoever.

Angelica watched as Lily also emptied her bladder into her clothes, and felt her own body give way once more. She felt her panties rewarm as one final jet of urine came out, but then her intestines rumbled. She gasped again and leaned forward, grabbing her butt, but not before she lost control and felt, one, two, three, four, five small pieces of poop pop out unbidden into her underwear. She could feel the wetness pull away from her skin as her underwear now sagged down from the seat of her pants due to the extra weight.

Lily was still pale, but seemed to have finished peeing. She spoke, her voice hoarse, but with a new element of shock in her tone. “Miss Angelica, did you just…?”

Angelica tried to lean back on her knees again, but her legs were too shaky. Instead, she lost her balance and fell with a splish on her butt in her own pee puddle, wincing as the poop in her panties was unceremoniously squished across her bottom.

She couldn’t speak. She was in too much shock. Instead she just sat there and covered her face with her hands, trying to pretend this had all been a bad dream.

~Aftermath~

After gaining her composure, Angelica stiffly told Lily to clean up herself in the pool and the puddles with her towel, which would then also be washed off in the pool. At least swimsuits were designed to get wet. She on the other hand walked gingerly to the gate in the privacy fence, opened it, walked about fifty feet into the woods on the other side, and then, once she made sure no one was around, took off her shoes and socks and peeled off her jeans. Gosh, she was so stupid. She could have just peed in the woods when she had the chance.

Trying to keep as much of her mess contained as possible, she pulled down her panties and made a face of disgust at herself. She then threw the panties into the underbrush and pulled her jeans back on, wincing at the roughness of the denim. She then walked back into the back yard, carrying her shoes and socks, pulled her phone out of her pocket, and then jumped in the pool. At Lily’s expression of surprise, all Angelica had to do was give her a stern look for her to understand: this way, her parents would never have to know what happened.

The remainder of the afternoon was spent in awkward silence. Lily sat next to the pool (she didn’t trust how clean the water was anymore) and Angelica on the chair. She didn’t touch any more soda. Lily’s parents ended up arriving about forty minutes later, and Angelica had a strange kind of feeling of vindication when realizing that she really would not have been able to wait until they arrived. When they asked about why she was all wet, Angelica made up a story about goofing around near the pool and accidentally falling in. She kept all other answers to questions about the afternoon short, but with enough affected pep as to avoid suspicion. She made sure to say nothing about the locked back door, knowing that it would likely raise further questions—notably about where all the soda they drank went. Once Mrs. Wells dropped her off at her home, Angelica gave the same kinds of answers to her mom, determined to make sure that no one else ever found out about what happened.

One week later, however, Lily was walking home from the bus stop. She and some friends had just gotten back from watching a movie and parted ways. The bus stop was nearly a mile walk from her house, but it was shorter to cut through the woods and come in through the back yard.

Lily was walking quickly, already needing to use the bathroom. She remembered all too well the incident the previous week, and that the only reason her parents hadn’t found out what happened was because of Angelica’s resourcefulness.

She was almost to the gate to her back yard when she was distracted by a loud buzzing off to the left. Curious, she looked that direction, then stepped carefully into the underbrush. The source of the buzzing was a swarm of flies, all acutely interested in something obscured by the leaves. As she drew nearer, a nasty smell hit her and she wrinkled her face and pinched her nose.

She knew what it was. Ever since that incident, she had wondered how Angelica had cleaned up her poop accident. Now she knew. But she couldn’t stop herself. It was like a train wreck; she had to see.

She haltingly drew back the plants with one hand and looked down. There, stiff and wrinkled from drying out in the open air, were a pair of pink bikini-cut panties, with a sickly brown load of poop completely covering the seat.

Lily could feel herself losing control. It always felt the same way. The same sensation of being a stranger in your own body, of psychological resolve dissipating. She ran through the gate and across the yard, her breathing ragged, with one hand in her crotch in a vain attempt to stop the flow. As she sped across the grass, the wet spot gradually spread out on either side of her hand and down one leg of her jean shorts. She reached the back door and translated her momentum into forcefully sliding the door open, but she was jarringly stopped short by the fact that the door was locked. Again. She banged on the door with her free hand, yelling for someone inside to hear her, her other hand getting wetter and wetter as she continued leaking, urine now dripping from the cuff of her left leg and trickling down her thigh. She remembered what had happened the previous week and Angelica’s plight, including what ended up happening to her, as a new pressure built up in her abdomen.

It was unfortunate, but apparently inevitable, then, that Lily’s mom came to the door a minute later and found her daughter red-faced and sobbing, a puddle under her soaked tennis shoes and a load in her shorts.

*004*2019-11-27 10:43

{{On 11/24/2019 at 1:11 PM, ethanboi_i said:

Your story's are a hell of a lot better than mine! I need to focus on adding more advanced words and interesting thoughts, anyways thanks for writing this it was an incredible story, I would love some advice if possible to become a better writer keep it up

}}

Thank you. I can't say I have very much experience as a writer, but two things that I found helpful were these: 1) keep rereading what's been written and tweaking it until it flows smoothly, and (which goes along with that) 2) try to get inside your characters. With these stories I am trying less to write about omorashi as I am trying to write about people, who happen to experience omorashi.

I hope that doesn't sound too pretentious. As I said, I don't have a ton of experience, either. :)

*006*2019-12-01 11:51

As promised, here is chapter two. Enjoy. :)

2. Harvest Festival

The air was cool, and continually breezy, wafting scents of wood fires, pressed apples, and hot chocolate, and making the multicolored leaves on the grass dance. The low angle of the sun belied how early in the afternoon it actually was, and the cloudless sky too gave a false impression of how crisp the temperature truly was.

The car was driving almost due west, causing the sun to fall directly on the faces of its passengers. Even in autumn, the sunlight was hot inside the car, so the windows were cracked open to let the rich coolness balance out the interior. The lovely smells from outside commingled with the mouth-watering aroma of three fresh pies carefully stationed in the back seat.

Angelica unzipped her green fleece jacket as the sun was too warm on it, then reached back and adjusted her long brown braid. The harvest festival was one of her favorite events of the year, and a great way to hang out with friends from school, since everyone was back from summer by now. The car ride was oddly quiet, though, since Angelica’s big brother Patrick was away at college. His absence lent the experience a shade of nostalgic melancholy.

Angelica’s mother spoke. “So, Ange, will any of your friends be at the festival?”

Angelica could tell it was just an attempt at conversation, but she welcomed it. “Oh yeah. I think most of them. I think that Tina and Lou are coming, and Linda and Brian and Jackie said they would try. Oh, and maybe Shane.” Brian was the newest friend on that list, having just transferred to her school this year. She had intentionally inserted his name in the middle, trying very hard not to draw attention to it by putting him either first or last. The truth was, almost ever since they first met, Angelica had had a crush on him. He was one grade ahead of her, but polite, well-liked, and super cute. Every time he smiled it made her feel fluttery inside. Part of her resented feeling like that, wanting to flatter herself by imagining that she was above such childish whims of emotion, but that part was always noticeably absent whenever Brian himself was around.

The car pulled onto the grass parking field for Collins Farms, where the harvest festival was taking place. After stepping out and stretching their legs, Angelica helped her mom take the pies out of the back seat and carry them to the pavilion where the homemade goods competition would be taking place. They seemed to have arrived on the cusp of the main influx of people. There were others all around them making their way to the farm’s entrance, and the field was rapidly filling up with cars.

After a brief wait in line, both Angelica and her mom were given yellow bracelets for all-day access and directed to the pavilion. It was only a short walk from the main entrance, but enough for Angelica to get a good look at a number of the attractions present. There were pavilions where food and drink were sold, a wooden building which acted as the farm’s gift shop, temporary carnival rides set up which consisted of a Ferris wheel, tilt-a-whirl, and swinging dragon, and further off were fields where there would be pumpkins, a corn maze, and (in a few months) Christmas trees. Once at the registration table, she could see and smell a bevy of delectable treats already registered: pies, shortbreads, sweet rolls, and more. Her mouth watered and her stomach gave an eager growl.

Once the pies were registered, Angelica’s mom turned and gave Angelica a hug. “Have fun, baby! I assume you’ll be meeting up with your friends?”

Angelica squeezed her mom back, then separated the hug. “Yeah, I just have to find them first.”

“Well, call me if you need to. And remember, we’re going to try to leave by eight. Okay?”

“Sure thing, mom!” And with a wave, she turned and made her way straight to one of the food vendors. Her mom had given her some spending money for food, and after being unable to make up her mind for a minute or so, her stomach’s impatience got the better of her and she bought a roast turkey leg and a cup of cold, fresh-pressed apple cider. Apple cider was her favorite.

As she was ordering, the young girl taking the orders asked, “Would you like to get the unlimited-refills apple cider?” and pointed at the corner of the menu board. There, written in fancy chalk script, was the option of “Bottomless Cider - $8.” A single cup, on the other hand, cost $1.50. Angelica did some quick mental math and concluded that she would have to drink at least six cups of cider to make it worth it, but since they planned to be at the festival the whole afternoon, that would probably be no problem at all—especially considering how much she loved apple cider. A smile crept up one side of her face and she answered back a cheery “Sure!”

The girl handed her back a turkey leg on a paper plate wrapped in aluminum foil, and then reached under the counter and produced a fancier-than-normal disposable plastic cup. She turned to a five-gallon Igloo jug and filled the cup from it, then faced Angelica again and handed her the cup. “Bring this cup back here, and we’ll refill it for you.” Angelica gazed at the delicious brown liquid swirling in the cup in her hand and realized that the bottomless version was also larger than a normal cup. She took a sip and licked her lips, relishing the sweet and tangy freshness and the cold tartness. Wow, that was good.

She set down her plate and cup on the counter to pay, grabbed some napkins, and gave a little wave goodbye to the girl’s “have a nice day!” After wandering for a bit, taking intermittent sips and tantalized by the smell of the turkey leg, she found a spot at some picnic tables to sit. She had barely begun her turkey leg when she noticed she was already almost done with her first cup of cider. Glad she had opted for the free refills, she smiled to herself again and then walked briskly back to the food vendor and handed the same girl her cup with a cheeky expression on her face. The girl promptly filled it, handed it back with an “enjoy!” and Angelica found her spot again.

While eating, she pulled her phone out to text and see where her friends were. In between texts, she also scanned the crowds to see if she could spot anyone. Her phone was very nearly out of reception, and after several times of waiting a frustrating amount of time for a text to send, she decided it was probably not worth trying to meet up that way. She nibbled the last of the meat off her turkey leg, which by now had gone cold, wiped off her fingers with a napkin, and downed the rest of her cider. She walked over to the food vendor, threw out her trash in the trash can next to the stand, and refilled her cider again.

She was about to turn around when she felt an arm land abruptly around her shoulder, causing her to jump. A familiar voice said spunkily, if too loudly for how close it was to her ear, “Hey girl! I finally found you! Did I startle you?” and then burst out laughing. It was Jackie.

Angelica rolled her eyes but couldn’t help chuckling too. “Hi, Jackie. I’ve been looking for everyone. Have you found anyone else?”

Jackie laughed again. “Yeah, me and Lou came in at the same time, and we’ve already found Shane and Tina.” She pointed over too her right, where the other friends were standing.

Angelica felt a twinge of disappointment that Brian was not among them, but she knew better than to ask about his whereabouts—especially to Jackie. Boy, if Jackie even suspected she had a crush on Brian, she would never hear the end of it. She masked it with a big grin and ran over to her other friends to give hugs and say hi. They decided to go do the Ferris wheel first (Lou and Jackie wanted to do the swinging dragon, but Angelica didn’t think it was a good idea right after eating).

Afterwards they spent their time flitting from activity to activity, sprinkling in the occasional snack from a vendor, and Angelica filling her cider cup again. The whole time she wondered about if Brian would show up or not. At one point Shane checked his phone and informed the group that Linda said she wouldn’t make it after all. Tina gave a petulant moan at that news, and Angelica wanted very much to ask about Brian, since he was now the only unaccounted-for friend. Of course it would turn out that way. Instead, she kept her thoughts to herself.

As the afternoon reached its middle, the five friends agreed to try the corn maze before it got too dark. Before they entered, though, Angelica went to top off her cider again. This was her sixth cup, and though she wasn’t really thirsty at this point, she wanted to hit the six-cup mark to justify buying the bottomless cider. As she sipped it on her way back to the corn maze entrance, she glanced to her right at the port-a-potties lined up along the edge of the farm property. There were already decent lines forming for them, and she imagined they would only get longer as people settled down for dinner. The farm probably underestimated how many facilities they would need. She guessed she would have to take a break for them after the corn maze.

Meeting up again at the wooden gateway to the corn maze, Angelica and each of her friends were handed a paper with blanks to write in and a golf pencil. They were told that inside the corn maze there were different stations hidden, each with a riddle. The challenge was to find each of the stations and solve each riddle. There didn’t seem to be any sort of prize—it was just a fun activity to take part in. The five friends eagerly slipped inside and immediately seemed to be in a different world. The corn stalks all around them formed a formidably impenetrable wall, and it was easy to miss different pathways through the deceptively tortuous labyrinth.

With their fair share of bantering, bickering, laughing, and arguing, they found the first two thirds of the riddles pretty quickly. But then it became a matter of finding the ones they had missed, and going back and trying to find passages that hadn’t been explored yet, and then finding your way back once you had. Angelica guessed that they had probably been in the maze for almost forty minutes, and she began to wonder how much longer it would be.

At one of the stations they found, after writing down the riddle on her paper, she stood and waited as the rest of her friends did likewise. Shane in particular was having a difficult time of it, trying to hold the paper in his hand and write on it without anything to lean on. As Jackie and Lou teased him, Angelica gazed off down the other paths of the maze. It felt surreal, since one could hear voices of people passing through all around, but most of the times they were hidden by more walls of corn. In this case, she could see group of three girls probably around her age coming around the bend. Two of them were laughing, but the third had a worried look on her face.

“Come on, guys, it’s not funny! Let’s just get out of here.”

“Of course it’s funny! Why didn’t you just go before we started the maze?”

“The lines were too long and I didn’t want to wait. I didn’t know we’d be in here so long!”

“Guess you shouldn’t’ve had so much to drink, huh?”

“Stop it!” The girl moaned plaintively and rubbed her gray-sweatpants-clad thighs with her hands, looking like she wanted to grab her crotch, but not with anyone watching. “You guys, come on. I’m literally dying here.”

The other two continued to laugh as the group passed by. Angelica frowned at being reminded of the need for a toilet. Her own bladder was filling from all the cider she had consumed, and now the girl’s apparent desperation brought back up a memory which she had tried hard to suppress—one from the year before, when she had first met Lily Wells, a girl who was prone to incontinent accidents, but ended up having an accident herself. Luckily, no one had found out. Still, the embarrassment and shock from it had taken a while to dissipate in her mind, and now they were beginning to try to peep their heads out again.

She turned her head back towards her friends, who had finished up with their riddle and were now coming toward her, laughing and joking still. Lou noticed the look on Angelica’s face and asked, “What’s wrong, Ange?”

Angelica quickly snapped a fake smile on and answered chipperly, “Nothing, sorry! Just got lost in thought.” This was enough to satisfy the question, and the five friends continued on their search in the maze. But now that the memory of her accident had been brought back up again, Angelica found she had to actively struggle to suppress it, and in concert with it, she felt her bladder give her more alerts. It wasn’t starting to hurt yet, but with all the cider she had drunk she knew that it would keep filling up, and probably pretty fast. She would have to get in line for the port-a-potties right after they got out of the maze.

Unfortunately, though, there was no way of knowing how much longer that would be. They were still scouring for the last few riddles, which could be anywhere. Angelica didn’t much feel like conversation at this point and stayed at the tail end of the group. She wished they would either find the riddles quickly or just give up—it wasn’t as if there were any prize for getting all of them, anyway—and leave so that she could use the bathroom. She pushed a strand of her brown hair out of her eyes and zipped up her fleece jacket, the waning afternoon light bringing a chill to the breeze.

In reality, she didn’t need to go incredibly urgently. She knew that in all likelihood she would be able to leave the maze whenever they finished up and wait her turn for the bathroom without even a hint of desperation. The truth was, however, that ever since last year, when she learned the hard way that, even at her age, she could still lose bladder control and pee her pants, she had become increasingly cautious about using the bathroom when she got the chance. The memory of having an accident made even a milder urge give off higher danger signals to her brain. She tried to keep herself relaxed and think about something else, but the whole time she wondered if she should just suggest that they leave and try something else. She was afraid of being the first to suggest it, though—afraid of her friends teasing her for being a party pooper, or worse, for needing the bathroom.

She breathed a quiet sigh of relief when, after some of the pep had seemed to go out with the fading light, Tina spoke up, “Let’s just go, guys. I don’t want to spend the rest of the time in this dumb corn maze.” Shane wanted to stay, but Tina’s sentiment was seconded by the rest of the girls, so they made their way towards the exit, with Shane still trying to find any last hidden passage or cul-de-sac along the way. Thankfully, they had spent long enough in the maze to be able to find their way out without any trouble.

Once out, the friends were pleasantly surprised to find that it wasn’t as dark as it seemed in the corn maze, with all the high opaque walls of corn stalks on every side. They could still find some activities to do before the sun set and the rides would be closed. After dark, focus would shift to the various fairground competitions: carnival-type stalls and contests for quilts and pies and jams. Angelica wanted to be around for the pie contest to cheer for her mom.

For now, though, she turned to make her way to the port-a-potties and was glad when Lou and Jackie came as well. Now that she knew she would be able to relieve herself, the wisps of panic that had been trying to eat at the edge of her mind died down. Everything was fine. Of course everything was fine. She was with her friends, smiling again, chatting and laughing. They passed by the apple launching station and the hayride. There was nothing to worry about. It wouldn’t be at all like last time, the time at Lily’s—

Her face suddenly fell, replaced by an expression of dread. As she had glanced over the hayride, her eyes fell on the group of teenagers in the wagon, specifically on one girl with a red plaid flannel shirt and blue jeans, her blonde hair tied up into braided pigtails.

It was Lily.

A sense as of a nightmare coming true began creeping into the edges of Angelica’s psyche, and she had to consciously keep a feeling of panic at bay. Ever since the incident the previous year, she hadn’t been in touch with Lily in any way, shape, or form. When they first met, it seemed as though they would get along splendidly, but after that fateful afternoon…well, she had just been too embarrassed and felt too awkward to try to start over at a friendship. She hadn’t even seen Lily at all, and now, just when those memories were rebelling against her attempts to suppress them, here Lily was in person. The coincidence seemed freaky at best, and ominous at worst. In response, she felt her bladder tighten, and she quickly lifted up one leg and then the other to quiet the urge.

It would have been best for her to pretend she hadn’t even seen Lily at all and to just continue on her way. But before she thought of taking the nonchalant approach, Lily’s gaze fell on Angelica as well, reciprocating her stare. Angelica watched as Lily’s expression also transformed from cheery to shocked. She didn’t look quite as aghast as Angelica, but the look on her face nonetheless communicated clearly enough that the surprise was not a good one.

It was as if a private eternity passed between them in that moment of understanding. Each one knew, and knew that each other knew, that they had been trying to forget about the accidents the year before but now had those attempts shattered by the sight of one another again. Angelica now felt a new sense of extreme awkwardness rising up in her, realizing that now that they had clearly seen and recognized each other, the only polite thing to do would be to acknowledge it to one another. Nothing seemed like a worse idea to her, and she swallowed a fast-forming knot in her throat. What would they say to each other? “Hi, how’ve you been, keeping dry since last time?”

Her dilemma was mercifully cut short, however, by the fact that Lily was still in the hayride wagon, which was now departing with a belch of black smoke from the tractor pulling it. The two never broke eye contact, though, not until the tractor and cart rumbled bumpily around the bend and were obscured by the darkening woods.

Angelica snapped her attention back to her current surroundings and hurried to catch up with Lou and Jackie. They were almost at the port-a-potties now, but as they neared them, Angelica saw that the lines were now even longer than before. Scanning the row of toilets, the culprit seemed to be the unfortunate closure of two of them. The three girls joined the lines, and Lou began whining about how much she needed to go. Jackie laughed, but Angelica didn’t say anything. She was thinking about Lily and their first meeting, and trying to tell herself that she didn’t need to go as badly as she thought she did. She breathed deeply and closed her eyes. It was mind over matter. Focus on breathing, and the bladder urges would subside. That’s it. She could do this. A minute or two passed in line, which barely moved, but she was sure now that she had everything under control.

She opened her eyes again and gazed absentmindedly across the crowds of people still milling about. Floodlights had been turned on by now to light up the farm grounds. Despite the waning daylight, there were still large numbers of active people milling about and filling the area. Her eyes drifted back and forth, watching nobody in particular, until they landed on a familiar-looking head of auburn hair. She looked closer, and then her heart gave a little jump of excitement. It was Brian.

To her annoyance, her stomach immediately felt jittery all over. Why couldn’t she just be like a normal person and not make an idiot of herself whenever he was around? Along with her stomach, she felt a jittery feeling further down as well, and found she had to scissor her legs closed a few times before the sensation passed. She was just like a little kid, needing to pee out of excitement. Grow up already!

Still, she didn’t want to miss the chance to talk to Brian. She had spent the whole afternoon wishing he were there, and now he showed up when she was stuck in line. She groaned to herself and turned back to the line for the port-a-potty. There were at least ten people still in front of her, and not moving quickly. Looking the other way, she could see that only two people had joined the line behind her. She wondered if Lou would be able to hold her place in line while she quickly slipped away. Turning her head back toward the crowd, she tried to find Brian again. After a few terrible seconds of thinking she had lost him, she spotted him again, but this time further away. In a few seconds he would be lost in the crowd. It was now or never.

After a half second of deliberation, Angelica made her choice. She tore away from the line and jogged after Brian. In the distance behind her she could hear Jackie’s confused voice, “Hey, Ange, where are you going?” She shouted over her shoulder, “I’ll be back in a minute!” Trying to dodge in and out of the pedestrians as best she could, she kept her eyes locked on Brian and steadily closed the gap. Now twenty feet, now ten feet—then she called out, “Hey Brian!”

It took a second for Brian to realize that the voice was coming from behind him. He turned around with a bewildered expression, not knowing who was calling him, until his eyes met Angelica’s. Then his expression lit up and he flashed that winning smile of his. “Oh! Hey, Angelica!”

Angelica wished he would give her a hug hello, but she didn’t want to be the one to initiate. “You made it after all! You never said if you would or not.” She tried to control her breathing in order to not seem too out of breath. She didn’t want Brian to know how fast she had tried to catch up with him.

Brian gave a kind of sheepish laugh and rubbed the back of his head. “Yeah…sorry about that. I guess I meant to…”

“It’s okay! You’re here now, so that’s all that matters.” Then thinking that sounded way too forward, she added, “I mean, now we can all hang out.”

“Yeah. Yeah! Yeah, that’ll be fun. What have you all done so far?”

“Uh, some of the rides. We did the corn maze. Nothing that great, though.”

“Oh, you didn’t really like it? It must’ve been better last year. They had these riddles you had to find and solve, and it was super cool.”

Angelica reddened a little bit. “Oh, well, those were still there. Um, I just mean…” All the things popping into her brain were too stupid to say. Things like “nothing could be that great without you there” and “I’m sure it would have been so much better with you.” She eventually stammered out, “I, uh, I just didn’t want you to feel bad. Y’know, for missing it. I mean I don’t you to feel bad for missing out. Not, like, not like we were mad at you or anything for not being there.” Wow, Brian must think she’s a total airhead now.

“Oh, okay. Gotcha. No, uh, no worries.”

An awkward few seconds passed, each looking away and at the ground. Finally, they both spoke at the same time. “What do you want to—”

“Oh, have you seen—”

They both laughed nervously and then Brian motioned with his hand for Angelica to speak first. She responded with “no, no, you first,” and then another nervous laugh. Brian gave that grin of his again, then started over, “I was going to ask if you’ve seen the lake yet.”

Angelica tilted her head. “No, what lake? There’s a lake here? I didn’t know that!”

Brian’s awkwardness seemed to transition into excitement. “That’s the thing, most people don’t! It’s not technically part of the farm grounds, but it’s owned by the farm, so I don’t think it’s trespassing or anything. It’s down a path in the woods, but it’s super pretty, especially ’cause usually no one’s there.” His eyes were twinkling.

Angelica felt a surge of butterflies well up inside her. “Could…could we go there now?”

Brian’s smile stretched across his face. “Sure! I’ll take you there.” He turned with a bounce in his step and began to slow jog towards the treeline. Angelica couldn’t believe it. She was getting to go to a romantic hidden lake alone with the cutest guy in her school. She had to actively keep from squealing.

As they hurried along, Brian looked back at her and said, “We’ll have to be quick, though. It’s getting dark fast.” So they couldn’t be there too long. Oh well, though, that was no big deal. Just the fact that he was taking her at all gave her a thrill. A second thrill layered on top of her first one when she then realized that since she found him, he hadn’t even asked about who else was there. Maybe it was selfish of her…but she wouldn’t waste any time or thought on that question.

They reached the edge of the woods, and Brian said in a hushed voice, “It’s right in here. Let’s go in quick before anyone sees us.” Before anyone saw them? Angelica’s smile faded as questions began popping into her head. Was this something they weren’t supposed to be doing? Could this land her in trouble with her parents—or worse, the law? She whispered back, “I thought you said this wasn’t trespassing!”

Brian hemmed and hawed a bit. “Well, I mean…like, it’s not, technically…but, I, I just…I don’t want someone to see us and think we’re doing something we shouldn’t. Even though we’re not, not technically. You know? Like, I don’t want them to make a rule saying that the lake is off limits. Also, if people saw us going there, then it wouldn’t be a secret anymore, would it?”

Angelica did not feel entirely satisfied by Brian’s answer, but a kind of eager excitement, that of getting away with something, began to counter her unease. Besides, they had gotten this far—and when else would she get an opportunity like this? Suppressing her better judgment, she decided to go for it. “Okay, let’s do it!”

Brian seemed to relax and said, “Follow me!” before disappearing down a path between the trees. Angelica dove in after him, but then stopped and turned around a few feet in to see if anyone had seen them.

They had distanced themselves from the main farm grounds, and the noise of the crowds had receded, replaced by the steady chirping of crickets and rustling of wind through trees. They were closer by the parking lot now, which, though filled with cars, was mostly empty of people and lit only by two floodlights on poles. Far off, she could hear the indistinct sound of a person talking through a bullhorn, followed by cheers; and she felt a pang of guilt go through her as she realized that the contests were starting and she wasn’t there to root for her mom.

She looked back into the woods. Brian had gone far enough now that she couldn’t even see him anymore, and she wondered if this was a good idea after all. Maybe she should just go back? She then remembered that she had told Jackie that she would only be gone a minute, and another pang of guilt went through her. She wondered if they were waiting for her still, or if they were worried about her, and then remembered that she still hadn’t gone to the bathroom.

Well, then. She really should just tell Brian she couldn’t go with him now and head back, use the bathroom, cheer for her mom, and enjoy the night. Maybe she and Brian could do other things together, like buy a funnel cake or go on the Ferris wheel. She chewed her lip in indecision as she thought about the problems with that idea, though. If they went back now, it would either be for Brian to join with the rest of her friends, or for them to still try to do things by themselves and risk one of her friends seeing them and making fun of them for being on a “date” together. Also, what would she say to Brian? “Sorry, I forgot I have to pee”?

She turned her head back toward the parking lot, hearing Brian’s voice from behind her as she did so, “Hey, Angelica, are you coming?” She paused, wanting to say yes but still wavering back and forth in her mind.

As she did, though, she noticed two figures in the parking lot. One was a woman probably her mom’s age, and the other was a girl, probably close to her own age, ostensibly the woman’s daughter. She couldn’t hear what they were saying, but she could tell from body language that both were upset, and the girl seemed to be walking weirdly. This momentary distraction halted her mental balancing act and tuned out Brian’s question. The two were evidently preparing to go home, but Angelica kept watching, trying to figure out why the girl looked familiar. Then it clicked—she was the girl from the corn maze…the one who had to pee.

As it dawned on her, the two found their car, directly illuminated by the floodlight. The mother was clearly berating the girl, who seemed to be taking it in sullen silence. Before Angelica could even wonder what the mother was upset over, though, the girl turned around to open the car door.

Angelica gave a slow intake of breath. Across the girl’s butt and down her legs, fully visible in the bright beam from the (aptly named) floodlight, was a massive wet spot. Nothing had been very visible from the front, but now that she had turned around, there was no denying it. The wet stain made the gray of her sweatpants a distinctly darker gray, and it spread from under both butt cheeks and up a little between them all down the backs and insides of both legs. It was very clear. She had had an accident.

Angelica thought of her behavior in the corn maze and wondered. Had she been on the verge of losing control then? Or had she thought she would be fine, only to face a line for the bathrooms that outlasted her sphincter’s endurance? Had she expected to make it, or did she know she was going to wet her pants even before it happened? A shudder of dread went through Angelica’s stomach as she felt her own bladder tense up in response. Would she be in the same boat? Thinking she could make it, only to lose control and pee herself in front of everyone? She thought again of the time the year before, when she had thought she would make it, only to…

There was nothing for it. The only thing to do would be to dispel it from her mind, and the only way to do that…

“Yeah, sorry! I’m coming.” She called after Brian.

###

The hayride wagon bumped and jostled along its route, making yet another circuit on the rough dirt road through the woods. The driver of the tractor was Pete Collins, or “Uncle Pete,” a gray-haired, balding, rotund man wearing a woolen shirt and overalls. In the wagon itself were six teenage girls, one of whom was Lily. A couple of them were sitting in the hay, but the rest preferred to stand near the front of the wagon bed.

Lily, like these other five girls, had volunteered two weeks ago to work on the hayride. There would be a lot of parents with very young children, but also a number of kids unaccompanied by anyone. After enough instances of prepubescent boys starting hay fights or trying to jump off the wagon, in order to avoid legal liability, the farm had slots for adolescent girls to be “hayride babysitters,” in essence. Their job would be to stay on the ride throughout the afternoon and make sure that passengers were safe and not misbehaving.

The hayride’s circuit began near the entrance to the farms, then cut through the woods to the other end of the farm grounds. Here passengers could join or leave before the hayride cut back through the woods, this time taking a different route. In this way, the hayride acted as both an activity and also a shuttle bus. It had begun running at 12:30, and taken a half-hour break at 3:30. Now, at almost 6:30, with the sun almost gone behind the trees, it was making its final trip. The depot at the entrance to the park had closed down, and this trip was to get any passengers waiting at the end of the farm grounds before coming back.

The girls in the back were mostly quiet. It had been a long day, and they were about ready to be done and just relax. Thankfully, most of the kids who had ridden had been pretty good, except for one time when a group of three boys kept trying to reach as far as they could out of the wagon to snap off branches. After admonishments by the girls on duty failed to deter them, Uncle Pete stopped and turned around to tell them to behave in a short but effective miniature lecture. His wizened nature and no-nonsense country tone had the desired effect, and the rest of the ride resumed in peace.

Lily stood leaning in the corner at the front of the wagon. She was tired, just like the rest of the girls, but she was also uneasy. She was surprised to see Angelica also here at the farm, and hoped they wouldn’t bump into each other again while here. Seeing Angelica again brought back the unpleasant memories from the year before, when they had first met, and then both ended up wetting themselves. Even though she was prone to having accidents, having a sympathetic spastic bladder, it still was embarrassing to have it happen—especially when you were with someone you just met. And the fact that Angelica had also peed herself…well, that was probably super embarrassing for her, too. If they crossed paths again, it would just bring that memory back up for both of them, and it would be awkward on both sides. She crossed her arms and tried to keep warm, as the air grew noticeably colder.

Of course, now that she had seen Angelica, those memories came back anyway. Angelica had waited too long to go and ended up peeing in her clothes. Seeing Angelica desperate for a toilet and then wet her pants produced a sympathetic reaction in Lily—against her will, her bladder also gave way and emptied. And remembering what happened was now creating the same effect again.

She crossed her legs as she felt the sensation of needing a toilet. Neither she nor any of the other girls had used the bathroom since the break at mid-afternoon, but they also hadn’t had much to drink, so everyone seemed to be fine. Lily glanced around at the five other girls to see if any of them looked like they needed to pee too and brushed a strand of blonde hair out of her eyes. In the dim light, she couldn’t see any signs of it, and she rubbed her arms together to keep warm, her thighs also rubbing together. She wondered if she would be able to get off at the far end of the farm to use the port-a-potties there.

Her attention was suddenly snapped to her left as Cassandra, one of the girls sitting in the hay, asked, “Hey, Lily, are you okay? You’re moving weird.”

Lily blushed slightly as she realized that she had been swaying slowly back and forth as she rubbed her legs together. She gave a little nervous laugh and replied, “Haha, yeah, I’m fine. Just kinda cold.”

Cassandra snickered and said, “Heh, okay. You just look like you need to go pee or something.”

Lily was glad the light was low, since she was sure she reddened further at that remark. “Hah, no. I’m fine. I mean, I could use the toilet, but I can wait.”

Cassandra just laughed and stared off into the woods again. Lily on the other hand now felt her urge increase, and had to fight the urge to fidget even more. She hoped they would get to the halfway point soon.

###

Brian and Angelica continued picking their way along the forest path. It was now too dark to see where they were going, and so both of them had their phone flashlights on to light the way. Even with those, the shadows produced were deceptive, and it was easy to either misjudge a tree root and stumble or jump at a moving shadow that looked like a small animal darting nearby. The going was quiet, with Brian walking in front of Angelica, and only occasionally offering a “you all right?” or “it’s this way” to her. It was probably just because he was focused, but Angelica wished they could be talking about anything at all, but didn’t want to have to be the one to try to start or maintain a conversation.

Unfortunately, the silence left her with no distraction from thinking about needing the bathroom. Her bladder kept filling up from all the cider she’d had, and now that the initial excitement of going to a hidden lake with Brian had passed, she was left alone with a slow trudge and the jostling of her bladder with every step. When she was in line, she had definitely felt the need to go, but now it was starting to become painful. They had better get to the lake soon and then head back. She inwardly berated herself for agreeing to go along with this. At this rate, no matter how romantic this escapade, she would constantly be focusing on holding her pee.

She kept her gaze locked on the ground to watch her step. It would be too embarrassing to have to cut things short by letting Brian know about her dilemma. She felt an internal conflict wage in her head: on the one hand, the longer she waited, the worse she would have to go; but on the other hand, the closer they would be to being back anyway. Maybe the lake would be too dark to enjoy anyway and they would simply turn around and come back. She just hoped it would be soon.

###

Lily gave out a sigh of relief when the far end of the property came in view. The farm would be closing in a few hours, and the further areas were already being shut down, with patrons herded back to the near end of the grounds. The tractor growled and rattled to a stop by the fence where passengers would get into the wagon. Other than two preteen boys who were laughing and fighting with water pistols, there didn’t seem to be anyone else.

Uncle Pete half-turned his round body towards the back and called out, “Get on in, boys. This end’s closing. Everybody’s got to come back to the entrance.” The boys didn’t acknowledge him but climbed into the wagon.

Lily looked around and saw that everything at this end of the farm grounds was dark and deserted. She knew that Uncle Pete would just start driving straight back without waiting, so she had to ask him now. Her voice sounded small to her as she hesitatingly asked, “Um, Uncle Pete? Can we stop here so I can go use the bathroom?” She hoped no one else would hear.

Uncle Pete turned to her and replied gently, “I’m sorry, Lily, but it’s too dark out here now. I can’t let you do that. You’ll just have to wait till we get back, all right, darlin’?”

Lily wanted to protest, but she knew that he would be firm, and besides, the more of a fuss she made, the more attention she would call to herself. She clenched tightly and tapped one foot to shake off the urge before answering as bravely as she could, “Okay, that’s fine.”

Uncle Pete faced forward again and started up the tractor with a lurch. All the girls who were standing briefly stumbled before getting their balance again. Lily went back to leaning in the corner, but found she couldn’t stand still and had to keep rubbing her legs together. The cold combined with nerves, as she was unable to relax, and made her rub her arms more vigorously and her teeth start chattering.

Sam, another of the girls, seemed to have gradually noticed Lily’s predicament. She leaned closer to Lily with a smirk and said, “Gotta pee, Lils?”

Lily tried to look nonchalant, but she couldn’t keep her teeth from chattering as she answered, “No, why?”

Sam chuckled. “Don’t try to act like you don’t. I heard you ask Uncle Pete if you could use the toilets.” She looked back at Lily. “I mean, I get it. Once we get back, I’m sure there’s gonna be a line for the port-a-potties.”

Lily’s face fell as she heard this. She hadn’t even thought about the lines. Her bladder felt prickly and quivery, and as she thought about having to stand in line, she had to suddenly suck in a gasp through her teeth and bend over for a few seconds.

Sam laughed. “Wow. You’ve really gotta go bad, huh?”

Lily held back. Admitting you need the bathroom badly is like admitting you’re ticklish. It only exacerbates any teasing you were theretofore receiving. She whined back, “No! Shut up!”

At this point, the other girls in the wagon were starting to notice this back-and-forth. Sam kept needling Lily. “I guess you’ll just have to hold it. Unless you don’t think you can wait that long?” She laughed again.

A sense of panic began swirling inside Lily. It was bad enough with her own thoughts, but now with Sam teasing her about needing to pee, she didn’t know if she could hold on.

###

Angelica guessed they had been walking for close to twenty minutes at this point, and her enthusiasm had all but entirely dissipated. She was tired and hungry, and her bladder was hurting more now. She decided to speak up. “Hey, Brian, are we almost there? This is farther than I thought it would be.”

Brian stopped and turned. The look on his face was not comforting to Angelica. His brow was furrowed with a blend of worry and concentration. “Well, we should have been there a while ago. I don’t know why it’s taking us so long this time.”

Angelica just stared at him for several seconds before realization dawned on her. She swallowed and then asked the question she was afraid to ask, her voice shaky: “Brian…are we lost?”

He didn’t answer. Instead he just sighed and looked back at her with a face of defeat. That was answer enough. A spike of panic made Angelica suddenly have to grab her crotch before she regained her poise. She quickly turned her phone’s screen back on and turned off the flashlight. Maybe she could call her mom and let her know what had happened. It didn’t matter how much her mom blew up on her at this point. She found her mom in her contacts and pressed dial. The phone stayed silent for about ten seconds before beeping to notify her that the call had ended. Frustrated, she looked at the screen and saw that she had no reception.

Angelica almost started to cry. Here she was, lost out alone in the woods in the dark, with a boy that—as she now thought about it—she barely knew, and with no way of contacting her mom. For all she knew, her mom could be desperately trying to call her right now and be worried sick. And to top it all off, she really, really had to pee. She half-turned away and took a few deep breaths to maintain her composure. Facing Brian again, she said in as stern a voice as she could muster, “My phone doesn’t have any signal. Does yours? After all, you got us into this.”

Brian wordlessly looked down to check his phone also, his face full of guilt. For a split second Angelica regretted sounding so harsh, but then a new wave of anger washed over her. This was his fault, after all. It was his idea, and he should have known better than to go when it was so dark out if he didn’t know the way well enough.

The truth was that it was her fear that was manifesting itself as anger. And she was afraid. She was afraid of a whole host of unknowns. She didn’t know where they were. She didn’t know if her mom was trying to find her. She didn’t know if her friends were looking for her. She choked back a sob and thought that she also didn’t know if she could even trust Brian, much as she liked him. And of course, she didn’t know if she could make it to a toilet in time before humiliating herself—possibly in front of Brian. She couldn’t let that happen. So it was either yell or cry. Or…something else. As she thought that, she scissored her legs back and forth and bobbed up and down for a few seconds. She had to pee so badly.

Still looking at his phone, Brian answered, “I’ve got nothing, either.” He looked back up, his voice low. “Let’s just try to find our way back. We’ve gotta get out of the woods at some point if we just go back the direction we came. Maybe we can figure out where we are once we’re out. Or maybe we’ll get phone reception.”

Angelica could only give a nod in response, but couldn’t stand still. She was still fidgeting visibly and began chewing her lip. Brian watched for a few moments before asking gently, “Hey, you okay?” He reached out his hand and touched her shoulder softly.

Angelica pulled sharply away from his touch and faced away from him. She didn’t want him to see her cry. This was supposed to be a fun and exciting time for her to be alone with him, and now everything—everything—was going wrong. She scrunched up her face and wrapped her arms around herself as tears began to trickle down her face. The whole time, she still had to clench her legs tightly together and bounce up and down. She felt incredibly vulnerable, but also understood that the only way she would get out of this would be to trust Brian. Maybe he was scared too. She lifted her chin, sniffled, and said in as steady a voice as she could, “No. I’m not okay. I—” and tried to keep her voice still as more tears overflowed— “I really, really have to go to the bathroom.”

Brian gave a quiet “oh” and then was quiet. Angelica wiped her tears away and then grabbed her crotch with one hand. Now that she finally admitted it, she didn’t have to try to hide it anymore. She turned around again, holding herself and bobbing. Brian just watched this and didn’t seem to know how to react. Finally, he said, “Uh, wow. I’m sorry. Let’s, uh, let’s get going, then.” He turned his phone’s light back on and turned back the way they came. Angelica followed with her phone’s flashlight, intermittently squeezing her crotch. Now that she at least admitted it, she did feel some slight relief. But they would still have to find a bathroom, and fast.

###

“Gotta go real bad, Lils? I’ll bet all this jostling of the wagon is just making it harder, huh?”

Lily had turned away from the other girls and was now trying to tune them out and focus on holding it. “Shut up, Sam! It’s not funny!” She was surprised at herself, having been raised not to be so rude.

“Just think about something else. Like Niagara Falls. Or a huge glass of cold, clear water.” Sam couldn’t finish her sentence without laughing again. Most of the other girls were also laughing along, probably not knowing what effect their teasing was having. For poor Lily, on the other hand, all these jabs about having to pee were actually making her need feel more intense as a sympathetic reaction. She leaned over, drawing one leg up against the other like a stork, then crossed it over the other like a human pretzel. Her bladder kept tensing up to the point where she felt sure it would pop, before relaxing again. If only they would just get tired of teasing her and stop. Maybe then she could make it all the way back and wait in line without losing control. Maybe.

She bit on her lip and squeezed her eyes shut, tensing every muscle in her body. Holding onto the rail of the wagon, she bent her legs into a crouch, then stood back up. With her other hand, she vigorously rubbed her thigh. Her teeth kept chattering.

The laughter from the other girls died down a little bit, and Lily hoped for a moment that they would actually leave her alone now. But Sam wasn’t done. “Just think about how good it would feel to just let go, though. Wouldn’t that be nice? Just let go, Lily.”

Lily gritted her teeth. “No! Cut it out!” she snapped over her shoulder.

Sam had a smirk on her face. “Come on, Lily. Just do it.” She lowered her voice. “Just pee. Pee in your pants. Wouldn’t that be nice and warm?”

Lily felt her mental stamina drying up. No! She couldn’t let Sam make her pee herself just by telling her to! She had to hold on! She switched hands on the rail of the wagon and buried her free hand deep in her crotch, holding on for all she was worth. If she could only hold on…if she could only hold on…

She bobbed up and down again, squeezing with her hand…

If she could only hold on…but she couldn’t hold on…

A groan escaped Lily’s lips as she felt her sphincter give way and a rush of hot, gushing urine spurt out into her pants. Her private parts immediately grew warm, and she felt the wetness and warmth spread to her hand a moment later. She gasped and let go of the rail to use both hands to hold back the impending flood. Incredibly, she actually succeeded in holding it back. Several spikes of pressure and pain followed the initial leak, threatening to open the valves again, but she was able to will them down, her bladder’s tensing coming under control. Given her condition, under any other circumstances, Lily would be proud of herself.

Unfortunately, she wasn’t in other circumstances, and Sam instantly realized what happened. “Oh my gosh, Lily, did you just pee? Seriously? Oh my gosh, that is so crazy. Are you really about to pee your pants, Lily? I can’t believe you just peed!” She put one hand over her mouth, both in surprise and to muffle her laughter. The other girls, who hadn’t been as aggressive in their teasing as Sam, now burst out laughing as well. Even the two boys in the back with them, though several years younger than Lily herself, also began to take notice, pointing and guffawing.

Cassandra quieted her snickering and joined in, “Lily, let us see. Did you really pee?”

Lily still had her head down, trying to keep from losing any more control. She removed one hand from her crotch to take hold of the rail again, but didn’t want to risk moving the other. Her underwear was already beginning to feel cold and clammy against her skin. She didn’t say anything, knowing that she was probably very red, and if Sam decided to keep pressing, she might actually succeed in making Lily totally flood her pants. She just had to hold on. Lifting her head, she took in the dark woods around. They were probably about halfway back.

###

They had been walking for maybe ten minutes, still in silence. The steadiness and monotony of walking through featureless woods helped Angelica feel like she was in control of her bladder again. She had let go of her crotch and was walking briskly. Soon, hopefully, they would be out of the woods, and then she would go pee. It would be close, but she could make it.

Brian gave a sudden cry and pointed. Angelica looked up from her fixed focus on the path to look. At last—there was a patch of faint twilight through the trees! They were almost out of the forest!

Angelica breathed out “at last!” and rushed forward past Brian. She reached the edge of the trees and looked out, hoping to see the farm grounds. Instead, she saw a wide field with a farmhouse at the far end of it. She scanned the edges of the field, looking for anything helpful or familiar. After not finding anything, she pulled out her phone again and checked it. Still no reception.

Brian came up beside her. Angelica turned to him, as if expecting him to know what to do now. “Have you seen this place before?” she asked. Brian’s eyes roved over the property before he finally shook his head. Angelica sighed. “Great. Now what?” Her bladder was hurting more now that they were out of the woods, and she began to bob slightly.

Brian looked at his phone also. “I still don’t have reception. Well, maybe if we start walking towards that house, we’ll find a road or something. Or maybe someone’s there and can tell us where we are. This might be part of the farm’s property, actually.”

Angelica stared at the farmhouse. All the lights were out, so she had assumed it was empty. But what if there were people inside, and they were just watching TV? Or went to be early? If there were people in the house, maybe they could help them find their way back. Or maybe…they could let her use the bathroom.

Once the thought entered her head, there was no setting it aside. With a sudden rush of desperation, Angelica took off running towards the house. She heard Brian after her call out, “Angelica, wait! What are you doing?” before following after her.

She hoped beyond hope that someone would be there. Relief—or potential relief, at least—promised to be close! Her whole abdomen ached from the pent-up deluge that she had been holding for so long. Her crotch began to tingle as needles shot through her bladder, bringing wave after wave of tensing, desperate pain. She could feel her urine come up the very tip of her sphincter, ready to rush free. Her bladder tightened, ready to be relieved.

No! Not yet! She had to hold on…she had to hold on. Her left hand went back into her groin, making her run slower. But she had to get there! She had to. Her thoughts were tumbling as quickly as her breathing. I can make it I’ve got to make it Please oh please let me make it I can’t lose control I can’t pee my pants Please please not in front of Brian I can hold it I can hold it I can’t hold it Yes I can No I can’t I’ve got to I’ve got to It hurts so much

Her breath was making plumes of mist that billowed past her head, and her eyes began to water and her throat began to feel sticky from dryness. Her heart was beating in her ears and her breathing was ragged, but she couldn’t stop now. She knew that if she did, it would be all over.

Almost there! The farmhouse was only thirty feet away now…now twenty…now ten, and she was bounding up the creaky wooden steps to the porch. She had hoped to see some sign of life through the windows—maybe the light from a TV, or phone, even a candle would have been a welcome sight. But as she had gotten closer, the house appeared more and more deserted. The paint on the porch was peeling, the canvas bench next to the door looked covered in dust, and the pot of dirt had no signs of any plant life. It could’ve been a postapocalyptic scene, for how abandoned and desolate it looked.

Angelica rushed up to the door and banged on it desperately with her free hand, her other one still acting as a dam against the floodwaters. She tried banging with her fist, and then her palm, trying to make as much noise as possible. The whole time, she had to keep bobbing and bouncing up and down to keep from losing control. In a fit of wild desperation, she even grabbed the door handle and wrenched and shook it, trying to let herself in.

She looked back over her shoulder. Brian was still catching up to her, not running like she had. She couldn’t let him see her like this—she had to pee! She had to get relief! Her bladder felt like an overinflated balloon inside her, ready to pop. She couldn’t remember ever having to pee this badly before, even on times when she had wet herself. An ocean of hot urine was pent up inside her, sending wave after wave of intense, shooting pain through her abdomen, and making all her muscles tense up all the way down into her thighs. Her hand kept trying to squeeze harder, to grip tighter—any way possible to win the fight that her sphincter was losing. She crossed her legs one way, then the other, while stinging, searing waves of desperation racked her bladder.

She kept rattling the door handle and banging on the door. This was her last and only hope. As a crescendo of desperate pain mounted, higher than before, she grabbed her crotch with her free hand as well and just shouted, trying to get someone’s attention. Someone, anyone!

She could hear Brian coming closer, calling after her. She went back to banging on the door, but she knew that no one would come before Brian arrived and saw her in such a humiliating display of needing a toilet. And that would be if someone came. But any hope inside her had its support swept out from under it by the dark despair of understanding, and she felt herself giving up.

Her bladder quivered, then tensed one final time, and then it was over. A hot jet of urine shot out into her underwear, instantly warming her crotch and spreading out under her hand. The spurt only lasted about two seconds, but now that her urine had tasted freedom, it wanted more. The leak was immediately followed by another, and then another. Angelica’s legs were shaking as she felt herself losing control, and her hand was now warm and wet. She kept banging on the door, not knowing what else to do. But then she gasped as her bladder finally had its way. After so long of waiting and holding back, she finally lost the battle.

She bent over, using her free hand to support herself against the door, as she lost all control and wet her pants. She could feel the wetness spread out around her hand in the front and across her butt in the back before venturing down her bent legs. As her pee reached the midpoint of her thighs, it broke off in streams that trickled and sprayed her calves and spattered on the porch. A stream also arced out directly from her crotch between her fingers, showering and splattering the porch and making a puddle grow around her feet.

Brian was almost at the porch. It was possible he couldn’t see she was wetting herself in the low light. In a last-ditch effort to retain her dignity, Angelica grabbed herself with both hands and clenched as hard as she could to try to cut off the flow. It tapered a little bit, but that was all. She tried again and succeeded, but then it came back in bursts. Only after a third attempt, squeezing with every muscle she had, was she able to stop peeing.

During this time, her urine had shot out through her fingers and sprinkled all over the front door and even gotten the ends of her sleeves wet. Incredulous that she had actually succeeded in regaining control, she stood there, shaking, for a moment before realizing that Brian was now at the porch, and she didn’t want him to see her holding herself like a little girl with peed pants. With no good options, she quickly hobbled over to the canvas bench and sat on it, leaning forwards, trying to keep from losing any more liquid. Her pants and underwear were already beginning to feel cold.

Brian stepped up and stopped. Angelica could barely see his silhouette now against the starlit sky. He seemed confused at first, then called out tentatively, “Angelica?” He evidently couldn’t see her in the dark.

Angelica didn’t want to answer, but against her will, a high-pitched groan came out. She could see Brian turn his head toward her and take a step. “There you are. Are you okay?” But then a splip as she heard him step in her puddle and stop.

Angelica was shaking uncontrollably and her teeth chattering mercilessly now—from the cold, from adrenaline, from embarrassment, and from horrible fear that Brian was about to realize what she had done. As she shivered violently, more terrified than she could remember being, her control again gave way.

She let out a whimper as her panties rewarmed with urine. Since she was now sitting, she could feel the warmth travel down to her butt before pooling under her against the canvas. Now that the channels were open again, her willpower gave way entirely and her bladder tensed, turning her stream into a powerful hissing jet. She nearly passed out from how strongly she was peeing, combined with the blissful relief of the pain melting away in her abdomen. She was sure Brian would be able to hear the sharp hiss of her urination, but then the canvas fully saturated and began to dribble her pee onto the porch from underneath her bottom. As more and more pee pumped out of her, the dribble turned into a loud, splattering waterfall of humiliation and poor choices.

She covered her face with her hands as the cacophony of splashing and spattering resounded clearly for Brian to hear. Her pee finally dribbled to a stop, but then she felt her bladder once more contract, and urine once again jetted out, spraying the inside of her underwear, and then pooling all around her butt before draining out to puddle loudly on the porch. Some even traveled up to the edge of the canvas before spilling over, soaking her calves and socks. She sat there, in defeat and embarrassment, until the flow finally ended, leaving only the dripping of the canvas. She was trembling with humiliation, and her jaw kept shaking as her wet pants now felt very cold and clammy against her skin. All in all, she had peed for probably over a minute.

She could hear Brian step in front of her, and then the rustling of cloth. “Here.” He said, and then Angelica could feel him putting his jacket over her shoulders.

###

Lily was still facing away from the rest of the wagon, hand in her groin. The girls were still laughing and goading her, trying to see the damage from her momentary loss of control. Lily, on the other hand, was trying very hard not to lose any more.

Sam wouldn’t quit. “Come on, Lils, it’s funny. Just show us!” Lily’s hand and private parts were feeling cold now from the wetness, and she couldn’t let that make her pee any more. She rubbed her legs together and bent down and up again and said, “Stop it, Sam! It’s not funny.”

“I’d show everyone if it happened to me. It’s freaking hilarious.”

“No it’s not. Stop trying to get me to show you. I’m not going to.”

Sam gave a sigh of annoyance. Then she started again, “Wait a second. Do you still really have to go?”

“Shut up, Sam!”

“Oh my gosh, you do! You’re actually about to pee your pants!”

“I am not!”

Sam began a mocking chant. “Lily’s gonna pee her pants! Lily’s gonna pee her pants! Lily’s gonna pee her pants!”

Lily had to double over and raise up one leg to stay in control. Her urine felt cheered on by Sam and wanted liberation. But at that moment, possibly because of how loud the girls were getting, Uncle Pete seemed to realize what was happening and called back, “Sam, you and the girls quit teasing her, right now. Got it?”

The girls were respectful enough to recognize when they were being justly scolded and broke off teasing, mumbling apologies. Lily was grateful for this seemingly divine intervention, though she still had to stay bent over to remain in control. But maybe now that the girls had laid off, she would be able to make it.

Unfortunately for her, though, even though the girls felt Uncle Pete’s authority enough to obey him, the same could not be said for the two boys. They had joined in laughing with the rest of the girls at Lily’s plight, and now, in the quiet, they acted. Lily was doubled over, facing out of the wagon, meaning her rear was jutting out for all to see. For the boys, at their stage of puberty, a girl’s butt occupied the most fascinating intersection of what is funny or gross with what is hot, and it was like an electromagnet for their attention. They were still snickering and pointing, and then one had an idea and whispered it to the other.

Poor Lily’s rear end made the perfect target for two streams of cold water from the boys’ water guns. She gave a loud gasp as they hit, giving a sudden frigid shock to her backside. She unbent violently, grabbing her butt with both hands. Whether the boys meant it or not, the shock of cold combined with the break in her concentration to form a perfect storm of pee desperation.

Lily gasped again as she realized that she was now peeing full force into her pants. As she continued to try to hold herself from behind, it only had the effect of forcing all her pee forward, making a wide wet stain spread out hungrily from her crotch, expanding the existing borders of her wet spot all across the front of her pants. She stood there, twitching and gasping, as the warm wetness made its way down her thighs. She still had one hand in her crotch between her butt cheeks, and now used the other one to try to hold herself from the front. It was to no avail. Hot pee continued to force itself through her fingers, now spreading out under her butt and down the backs of her thighs. By now, the boys and the girls saw clearly what was happening, and despite Uncle Pete’s warning, burst out in laughter again, with some of the girls also giving moans of disgust as they saw how badly Lily was wetting herself.

The flow ebbed somewhat, but then the embarrassment at her predicament washed over her and made her bladder once more tense up. She groaned and bent forward suddenly, the hand in her backside now moving to the rail of the wagon for stability. More laughter and a fresh grossed-out moan emanated from the girls as a new jet of pee sprayed into her underwear, causing a stream to arc out directly from her protruding rear and spray out over the hay. Cassandra and Sam even had to take a step back to keep from getting wet. As the wagon continued bouncing over the uneven ground, her butt jostled back and forth, hosing down the hayride with its pee stream like a lawn sprinkler.

The flow of urine finally died down to its last few trickles, spurting weakly into her sodden panties. Lily put a hand over her mouth in shock and sank down to sit on the hay, feeling the pee squish over her bottom as she did so. The wagon rumbled to a stop. They had arrived.

~Aftermath~

After Angelica was able to collect herself, Brian convinced her to come with him to try to find the main road. She winced as she stood up and her pee poured down her legs and into her shoes. It was slow going at first, because of how uncomfortably wet and squishy her jeans and especially her socks and shoes were, and she shivered with cold and had to hug Brian’s jacket tighter around her, while trying not to get it wet at all. She was still mortified at what had happened and just wanted to be alone.

When walking around to the side of the farmhouse, they found a dirt road that led out into the trees again. Following this, they found that very shortly after it entered the woods and turned to the right, it reached the main highway. Angelica nearly shed tears of relief that they were no longer lost. Brian pulled out his phone again, found that he now had a bar of signal, and looked up where they were relative to the farm. As it turned out, it was only about a quarter-mile walk, and there was enough light from the moon to help them find their way.

Angelica kept silent, feeling embarrassed and also angry at herself for the unwise decisions that led to her wetting herself. She was somewhat surprised to find that she didn’t really feel angry at Brian, even though he was the one who had gotten them lost. At one point during their walk, with their breath showing up clearly in white puffs of moonlight in the frigid air, she could see that Brian was also shivering without his jacket. A sense of pity softened her embarrassment and anger as she realized that during the whole ordeal, he too had very likely been scared—scared and guilty. At this point, he also probably felt awkward about her peeing her pants. He could have been a major jerk about it, but instead, he was acting as much like a gentleman as he could. Angelica smiled sadly on one side of her face as she thought about how under other circumstances, things might have worked out between them.

Once they reached the farm again, Angelica knew they would have to break the ice. Standing in the field of cars, she quietly removed Brian’s jacket and held it out to him. “Thanks.” She said.

Brian slowly took it from her. “You’re sure you don’t need it?”

“I think I’m just going to stay by our car until my mom comes back.”

“Oh.” A pause. Then, “I could stay with you, if you like.”

A lump formed in Angelica’s throat. Brian was acting so sweetly towards her. If only it didn’t make things worse right now. She swallowed, then said, “No, I…I think I’d just like to be by myself right now.” She tried to sound surer than she felt.

“Okay.” Brian sounded abashed. He looked down and shuffled one foot in the gravelly dirt before speaking up again, “Look, Angelica…um…I’m really sorry about what…what happened. I, I didn’t think things would go the way they did.” When she didn’t respond, he added, “Other than everything that went wrong, I really did enjoy the time with you.”

Angelica gave a sad laugh that could just as easily have been a sob. Still looking at the ground, she finally gave back a flat “Thanks.” Then she worked up the courage to look Brian in the eyes, the first time she had since she peed herself, and said, “I did too.”

Brian looked back into her eyes and didn’t answer. For a fleeting second, a rush of excitement surged up through her as she thought he was about to kiss her. Instead, he cleared his throat and said, “Um, so, I guess I’ll see you around?”

Angelica gave another crestfallen chuckle. “Yeah. Yeah, see you around.”

Brian gave a kind of grimly awkward closed-mouthed smile and a half-hearted wave. Angelica reciprocated the wave as he turned and walked away. Once alone, she sighed, then remembered that she still didn’t know if anyone had been trying to reach her, and pulled out her phone. It had reception again, but thankfully there was only one text, from Jackie, which simply read, “yo girl where u at?” Angelica didn’t really want to answer, and she didn’t want to tell her mom what happened just yet, still feeling too sheepish. She decided to wait a little while longer, maybe until her mom was ready to leave. They had planned to leave at eight, and it was now nearly seven forty-five.

Angelica waited, leaning against the back door of their hatchback. She had to hug herself tightly to keep warm, and the cold was also making her bladder sensitive as it steadily refilled. She shuffled her feet and debated just calling her mom and asking to leave now.

As the occasional person or group of people entered the parking area to head home, Angelica always delicately repositioned herself to make sure they couldn’t see her. She didn’t want anyone else, even a stranger, to see that she had had an accident. Hearing a new group of people walking up, she began to do the same, until she peeked around the car and saw who they were. It was Mrs. Wells and Lily. Mrs. Wells was talking softly, and Lily wasn’t saying anything in return. As they came out from between the cars, they stopped, and Angelica could see that Lily also had wet her pants, almost as badly as she herself had, from the looks of it. Mrs. Wells said something to Lily, with her hand on her shoulder, then walked away. Lily sat down on the rear fender of her car and shivered, sighing out clouds of mist.

Seeing Lily before, when the fear of an accident was still present, had seemed like a nightmare, or like a threat. But now that they both had apparently peed themselves, Lily’s presence seemed almost like a kind of grace. Angelica didn’t know if it was just a form of misery loving company, but it seemed to have the same kind of sensation as that of being afraid of a ghost but then realizing that you really do wish you could see your dead grandma again. Now that the worst had passed, it was better to be able to share it.

She watched as Lily continued to shiver and then wiped her eyes and nose. Was she crying? Angelica hadn’t been able to tell, but it looked like it. It surprised her. Wasn’t Lily more used to peeing her pants, due to her sympathetic spastic bladder? Angelica hadn’t cried when she wet herself in front of Brian, and that seemed like the worst kind of way to have an accident. Could it be that Lily felt the same embarrassment afresh every time she lost bladder control? Could it be that it was actually made worse by the fact that she knew it wasn’t a fluke or a freak accident, but rather an ongoing condition?

Could it be that she just needed a friend who knew what it felt like?

Even though her refilling bladder was starting to become uncomfortable, Angelica slipped out from behind her car and walked over to Lily. Lily was looking the other direction and didn’t notice Angelica until she sat down next to her on the Wellses’ car fender. She turned around sharply, startled, then looked with a shocked expression at Angelica. She quickly wiped a hand across her eyes and nose before her gaze shifted down to Angelica’s pants. Her eyes grew wider, then she raised her head back up to face Angelica again.

“Hey, Lily.” Angelica’s voice was quiet. Lily didn’t say anything, so Angelica tried again. “How’ve you been?”

Lily looked down at Angelica’s pants again. At last she spoke, in voice barely above a whisper, “You—you peed your pants too.”

Angelica gave a little laugh and also looked down. “Yep. I guess we both did, huh.”

Lily’s face scrunched up slightly, as though she were about to cry. Instead, she just blew a frustrated sigh out of her mouth, forming a billowing puff of white condensation.

Angelica put her arm around Lily. “Hey, it’s okay. It could happen to anyone, right? It happened to me when we first met, didn’t it? It’s no big deal.” She wasn’t sure if she actually meant what she said or not, considering how awful her embarrassment had felt. But it was easier to be strong about it when it was for someone else, and in a strange way, her words also began to feel truer to her own self.

Lily looked at the ground. “After last year, I—I didn’t think you’d ever want to talk to me again.” She looked up at Angelica. “That happens to me. A lot. People—people act all weird around me after they see…this.” She looked down at her wet pants.

Angelica shifted uncomfortably in her seat. Her bladder was refilling quicker than it had before, probably from being worn out and overly stretched earlier. She tried to think of how to respond without sounding either insensitive or trite. Eventually she decided to just be honest. “Well, I think I probably felt the same way. I didn’t want to have to try again at friendship because I knew all we’d be thinking about was when we both had…an accident.” She stumbled slightly on the end of her sentence, since as she said it, she felt her sphincter relaxing and pee about to come out, and she had to actively clench to hold it back. “But…maybe this is a way for us to try again, now.” She faced Lily with a smile on one side of her face.

Lily looked back at Angelica and gave a tentative smile in return. “Yeah, that sounds good.” Angelica wondered if anyone had ever actively wanted to be her friend before. She gave Lily a squeeze with the arm around her shoulder and herself a squeeze with her thighs. She would have to go and find a toilet after all—her need was just getting worse and worse. She looked around at the parked cars and asked, “Where’s your mom?”

Lily stood and turned back in the direction that her mom had gone and pointed. “She went to get some paper towels to cover my seat with.” Angelica also stood, her bladder suddenly contracting and sending pain through her abdomen down into her legs. She had to quickly lean over and grab herself with her hands before she could regain control. Once she did, she immediately stood up straight and stopped holding herself, not wanting Lily to see. In the distance, in the direction Lily had pointed, she could see Mrs. Wells walking up with a roll of paper towels in her left hand.

Lily noticed Angelica’s fidgeting out of the corner of her eye and looked back at her with a face of concern. “Do—do you have to pee again?”

Despite the fact that they had both already peed themselves, Angelica blushed. “Uh, yeah. I, uh, I think I’d better go…find a bathroom.” She had to put her hand in her crotch again. “I’d also rather not be seen by your mom like this.” She started bouncing up and down. Her desperation was coming back so much faster than before.

Lily stared at her with her mouth open and a face of apprehension. Angelica noticed that her legs were also starting to squeeze open and closed. She remembered when they had first met, and how her accident had basically caused Lily’s. She didn’t want the same thing to happen again—and she needed to find a bathroom quickly, before it did!

She bit down on her lip and gave a quick little wave to Lily with her free hand before waddling off in the direction of the port-a-potties. Her bladder was tingling and quivering, no longer having the stamina to hold back any pee at all, it seemed. Her pants were still damp, though not soaked like they had been before, and the cold of the material as she gripped her crotch with her hand reminded her again of the feeling of losing the battle against her urine and the relief that followed. Her pants were already wet, after all…

No! She couldn’t have a defeatist attitude like that. Even if she couldn’t make it to the port-a-potties, maybe she could at least make it to the trees surrounding the field of cars and pee there. Angelica had never peed outside and felt disgusted at the idea, but it beat peeing outside but in her clothes.

As she thought about relief, though, her sphincter apparently liked the idea. With a stifled groan, she heard a pss and felt a spurt of urine leak out into her already-wet panties, warming the area around her private parts again. Unlike before, when she still had some strength left in her muscles, this time she couldn’t cut off the flow. As soon as the one leak ended, another began, and Angelica realized with chagrin that she was officially peeing her pants, again.

She staggered up to her car, hand still in crotch, knees bent inward. She could feel the pee refreshing the dampness into wetness all around her crotch and in between her legs, spreading also under her butt and across the backs of her thighs. She sighed and let go. The intermittent trickles transformed into a steady stream, instantly flooding down her legs again and pouring out in a cascade from under her butt cheeks to splatter noisily on the pebbly grass. The wetness also reached the cuff of her jeans on her right leg and poured out, wetting her tennis shoe and making a puddle in the dirt.

Angelica brushed the hair out of her eyes as she once again had an accident, unable to control herself. She let out a deep breath as she gave in, emptying her bladder of every drop. She turned her head back to where Lily was standing, several cars down.

Lily’s mom had come back and was saying something to Lily, motioning with the paper towel roll before moving to the passenger seat of their car. But Lily was staring after Angelica (who was far enough by now that Lily’s mom didn’t see her). As she gaped at Angelica, watching her clear loss of bladder control, Angelica saw Lily’s wet pants also go shiny all over the crotch once again. Lily’s pee fled its prison as she watched Angelica, unable to do anything about it. The wetness spread down both legs before spilling out of her left pants leg and creating a puddle on the ground. Her tennis shoes, which had been mostly spared in the hayride due to being buried in hay, now soaked up the contents of her bladder, becoming squishy and uncomfortable. Lily’s mom popped out again from where she had been apparently laying down a protective layer on the seat and sighed, realizing she would have to add several more layers.

Angelica blushed and mouthed an “I’m sorry” to Lily. While glad that she and Lily could start over at being friends, she hoped that these incidents would not become a defining feature of their friendship. She felt her phone buzz in her pocket and pulled it out. It was a text from her mom, reading, “Where are you? Time to go.” She leaned back against her car, staring absentmindedly as Lily delicately maneuvered herself into her own, and wondered what she would say to her mom once she came.

*010*2019-12-11 21:59

Chapter three.

Contains: messing, fear wetting

**WARNING**

Since the focus of this chapter is on fear wetting, there is a scene which is more intense. I have tried to handle it delicately. While nothing graphic occurs, there may still be some who find it too much to enjoy.

*READER DISCRETION ADVISED*

Chapter 3: Haunted House

Angelica tried to put a brave face on.

The truth was, she didn’t want to be here. As in, really didn’t want to be here. She would much rather be back at her home, rereading the Little House on the Prairie series for the fourth or fifth time. Growing up, her family had never been much into Halloween at all, her mom being overly cautious about poisoned candy or stranger danger. So if she had it her way, she wouldn’t even be out trick-or-treating, much less at a haunted house. It was all Lily’s idea, and although she had told her repeatedly that she wouldn’t enjoy it, Lily continued to insist that she might, and would she please just try it with her? Angelica sighed and rubbed her arms to try to warm herself up.

Ever since they had restarted their friendship the year before—albeit by bonding over peeing themselves—the two had quickly become like the sisters they had never had growing up. Angelica was definitely the more reserved of the two, usually preferring indoor activities and not liking late nights, but Lily could usually coax her out of her shell and her comfort zone. It was Lily who had persuaded her to try surfing at a nearby water park (though she failed abysmally at it), it was Lily who had gotten her into laser tag, and it had been Lily’s idea for them to dress up as period characters and crash a Civil War reenactment, secretly fueling Angelica’s love for historical fiction. Nowadays the two could barely be found without each other nearby.

Angelica was also more used to Lily’s condition now. Having what was described as a “sympathetic spastic bladder,” Lily had a much greater difficulty with bladder control than normal. Witnessing someone else need a toilet, or even being suggested the idea of needing a toilet, would create a sympathetic urge in her, sometimes even to the point of involuntary voiding. This had happened when Angelica first met her, and it had happened again—twice—when they met again. Since that time, it had occurred one or two times more, but Angelica was somewhat surprised to find that it wasn’t as common an occurrence as she had assumed beforehand—certainly not common enough for it to be what defined Lily’s identity. It was unfortunate that for so many people, all Lily was was “the girl who pees her pants.” They were missing out on friendship with someone who was really cool to know.

Thinking about that right now softened Angelica’s irritation a little, but then she remembered where they were and went right back to being mad at Lily. She brushed a strand of her brown hair out of her eyes in irritation. She could have just said no. She should have just said no. Why did she let Lily convince her that any of this could be fun at all? Where’s the enjoyment in getting scared? Although she had on jeans, a long-sleeved shirt, and a jacket over it to boot, she kept rubbing her arms up and down and couldn’t keep her teeth from chattering.

Lily, on the other hand, looked like a kid in a candy store. She was bouncing up and down with an excited grin on her face, her blonde hair bouncing back and forth in a ponytail with her. Angelica glowered at her blue shorts and T-shirt. How was she not even cold? It was Halloween night, and they could both clearly see their breath. The sky was overcast and completely black, but there were bright lights illuminating the path up to “Fright Mansion,” the haunted house considered by multiple macabrely glowing endorsements on their signs to be the most terrifying experience in the state. Great. Just what Angelica needed. She already felt fluttery in her chest from nerves, and they were still just standing in line.

Lily turned towards Angelica. “This is gonna be so much fun, just wait!” Angelica didn’t answer. She knew it was just Lily’s attempt at passing the time while they waited to enter, and any attempt at a response would probably be one of annoyance—and she didn’t want to start an argument. The truth was that it was mostly her nervousness that was turning into anger. If she could just get through this, maybe they could both have a good laugh about it and also agree to never do anything like it again. She blew out a puff of air, then said, more sharply than she meant to, “Aren’t you cold at all?”

Lily didn’t seem to notice Angelica’s moodiness. “Yeah, kinda. But mostly excited. You’ve really never done a haunted house before?” She sounded incredulous.

Angelica huffed. “No, and I didn’t want to, either. I don’t know why I went along with this.”

Lily bumped her shoulder against Angelica’s and responded good-naturedly, “Come on, it’ll be fun. Can you at least promise me you’ll try to have fun?” She gave Angelica her how-can-you-hate-this-look grin.

Angelica rolled her eyes. She was annoyed, and she wanted to stay that way. But, much as she didn’t want to admit it, she knew from past experiences of Lily getting her to try something new that it usually went better than she expected. She also knew she couldn’t stay grumpy with that goofy smile of Lily’s boring into her. Finally, as the corner of her mouth started rebelling upwards, she let out a “Fine.”

Lily gave a triumphant little cackle and rubbed her hands together. Angelica just shook her head at how seamlessly Lily had taken on the role of little sister to her. They had even arranged for Lily to sleep over at Angelica’s house that night. When they had first planned it, Angelica had thought that would mean staying up talking and laughing in their pajamas, but then Lily assumed they would go out and do something first, and since they were too old for trick-or-treating, that of course meant a haunted house. So now here they were, and Angelica just kept reminding herself that the sleepover was waiting for them on the other side of this. Her older brother Patrick was also home from college for the weekend, along with a friend of his whose name Angelica didn’t know, and they were probably just going to stay at home and play Call of Duty—so why couldn’t she and Lily just stay in, too?

The line moved forwards slightly, bringing the two girls closer to the entrance. From here, if she craned her neck, Angelica could see some of the inside of the lobby area. It looked to be dimly lit and covered with fake cobwebs, but still with a jarringly bright EXIT sign, which ruined the illusion but was doubtless a legal requirement. Her thoughts drifted as she brushed another strand of her hair out of her eyes. What kinds of laws governed haunted houses? Did you have to sign a waiver or something? Did people often get hurt? Did people ever have heart attacks in haunted houses? She thought about Fright Mansion’s website, with its black theme and red, dripping text, and how the photo gallery boasted numerous pictures of people making the most terrified faces as they had the ever-loving willies scared out of them.

She even thought, with a frown, of the section further down in the photo gallery, where those who had been so badly scared that they lost bladder control smiled sheepishly and showed off their wet spots. Some had just been small stains, undoubtedly from a minor spurt at a jump scare, but a handful—all women, now that she thought about it—had completely soaked their pants in pure terror. Those who consented to having their picture shown received a free T-shirt, which sounded like an okay tradeoff until you realized that the shirt said on it, in bold letters, “I peed my pants at Fright Mansion.” Apparently the kind of people that enjoyed getting scared would also find that more of a boast than an embarrassment.

Angelica scanned the building and its surroundings, turning first one way, then the other. Did they even have bathrooms around here? There weren’t any that she could see. That, combined with the long wait, made it almost seem as though they wanted people to pee themselves. It figured. It was the kind of thing that a haunted house lived for, probably. She silently gauged her own need for a toilet and contented herself that she was all right, for now.

Just then, though, a shrill scream from her right made her jump nearly out of her skin, followed by various shrieks in response from those around her. After her heart started again, she turned toward the source to see a Fright Mansion worker in a zombie costume, complete with decaying flesh makeup, retreating from where they had crept up unseen next to the line and gotten in a free scare before the people had even started the haunted house. The shrieks dissipated into laughs and chit-chat, both of excitement and nerves.

However, one group of people, several places behind Angelica in line, suddenly burst out into loud guffaws. She turned to see what the cause was, as did others nearby. There were too many people blocking her view, though, and she was about to face forward again when she saw a young woman, probably only a few years older than she was herself, waddle-jogging away from the line. Underneath her butt was a fresh dark wet spot. Those who saw her pointed and laughed to each other. It seemed for most people to merely spur on their eagerness for the experience.

Angelica turned back forwards, hugging herself for warmth. She noticed that Lily hadn’t seen the girl have an accident, and for a brief moment she wished that she had. Maybe if Lily saw someone pee themselves, it would make her less fired up about going through a haunted house. But Lily was still facing forwards, twisting back and forth with excitement and impatience. Angelica opened her mouth to say something to Lily, then thought better of it and closed her mouth again.

After waiting for several more minutes, they were finally inside the entrance to the haunted house. The décor here was simple, mostly low light on peeling red wallpaper and a generally decrepit atmosphere, with a worker dressed as a ghoulish butler letting people enter intermittently. It was warmer in the lobby, out of the wind, and Angelica was able to stop shivering. Her eyes wandered over the decayed look of the anteroom, while creepy organ music and assorted unsettling sound effects played over speakers in the corners. Lily nudged her arm. “Cool, right? I think you’re gonna have fun, Angie.”

Angelica was still taking in the look of the room and gave a non-committal “yeah, we’ll see.” Then she looked Lily in the eye. “Do you think they have any bathrooms here?”

Lily laughed, “Why, do you have to go?”

“No, but I thought maybe you’d want to. You know, if it gets too scary.”

Lily gave her a questioning glance. “What are you talking about? Besides, you’ll probably be more scared than me.”

Angelica ignored the last remark and felt as though the conversation had progressed organically enough that she could be direct. “You know, the people that get scared, and…you know…” She gave Lily a look that was meant for her to infer the rest.

Lily laughed again, but Angelica thought it didn’t sound as confident as before. “You mean the ones that pee their pants? Nah, I’ll be fine. I don’t think that kind of thing happens all that often, anyway.”

Angelica knew that at this point she was passively-aggressively trying to dissuade Lily from wanting to go on, and she felt a little twinge of guilt. Nevertheless, she continued, “Huh, okay. ’Cause it actually happened to a girl in line behind us.”

Lily’s smile began to fade. “What? You’re kidding, right? You saw it? What, what happened?”

“One of the people from the haunted house snuck up and scared a bunch of people in line. I saw her leaving the line afterwards.” Angelica tried to play indifference.

Lily’s face fell. “Seriously? You’re serious? You’re not joking?” Angelica shook her head and Lily swallowed. After a few moments, though, she simply pronounced, “Well, we can’t turn back now. I’m sure I’ll be fine.” With that, she resolutely faced forward again, and, as if on cue, the butler pulled back the curtain and motioned for them to enter. Angelica grumbled to herself that her plan had failed and they would be going through with this after all, while simultaneously feeling her breath quicken from apprehension. Lily apparently had steelier nerves than she had, though Angelica did notice Lily subtly rub her thighs together as they entered.

After passing through a dark and claustrophobic hallway, they came into the first room. It immediately presented itself as a standard Gothic mansion atmosphere, with very low lighting and sudden unsettling sounds coming from random corners of the room. Angelica found herself slowing her pace to a nervous shuffle and swallowing repeatedly. Her eyes darted to every dim recess, trying to anticipate where the first scare would come from.

Suddenly, she felt something grab at her leg. She gave an involuntary shriek and jumped sideways into Lily, who also yelped and then started to laugh. She had barely begun, though, when a grotesquely tall, deathly pale vampire emerged directly beside them frighteningly instantly. Both girls screamed, with Angelica feeling all her nerve endings jump on end as if she had been shocked by electricity. It didn’t help that Lily had immediately seized Angelica’s arm with a death grip and nearly climbed on top of her. As soon as they found their feet again, they bolted for the end of the room, only to be cut off by a giant bat dropping down right in front of them and screeching. They both screamed again, falling against the wall to dodge the bat, and then found they were in a hallway again.

Lily doubled over in high-pitched laughter, but Angelica was still breathing hard and trying to calm her heartrate. They were really going to go through an entire house-worth of this? She already felt like she was done, after only one room! She still couldn’t believe people did this to themselves willingly. Closing her eyes, she held one hand on her chest, trying to placate the heavy thumping. Her brain attempted to soothe itself, telling her that everything in this place was merely composed of makeup and elaborate special effects. As she repeated this to herself, she could feel Lily lean up against the wall next to her, also breathing hard. “What do you think, Angie? Having fun yet?” She gave another nervous giggle.

Angelica merely moaned in response, causing Lily to put her arm around her. “Come on, let’s keep moving.” At least the faster they went through the house, the sooner they’d be out. Angelica opened her eyes again and followed the light rope on the edges of the floor guiding them forward. Almost right away, though, she stopped short, as she saw an unmistakable fork in the hallway. “Wait…which way do we go?” Her voice was higher pitched than she meant for it to be.

“Didn’t you see it on the website? Part of what makes this place so cool is that it has different ways through it, so you never get the same experience twice.” Angelica couldn’t imagine anyone going through it more than once on purpose, and she knew that there was no way she would say yes if Lily wanted to go a second time. But then a horrible thought came to her, and she blurted out, “Wait, does that mean we can get lost in here?” Her stomach tightened at the idea.

Lily chose the left path and began leading Angelica that way. “No, I don’t think so. It’s like, you can take different ways through, but they all go forward. I think if we got turned around we’d run into other people coming through and figure it out.” Angelica’s fears subsided at hearing this, and she found that the relief made her almost eager to face the next room. They could do this. Maybe Lily was right and she would end up having fun—or at least not hating it quite as much, if she was being realistic. She did notice at the same time, though, that she was starting to feel the need for a toilet. Hopefully if Fright Mansion used up enough floor space on branching paths, any one of the individual paths through would be foreshortened.

They entered the next room, which had the look of a ransacked hospital. Fluorescent lights flickered ominously above them, and blood was smeared across the floor and walls. On the floor were several dismembered corpses, and on an examination table, a disfigured doctor was in the process of disemboweling an unfortunate victim. The two entered gingerly, glancing around at any unlit areas where they could expect someone or something to jump out at them. Suddenly, the lights blinked out for a second, and Lily gasped loudly and violently grabbed Angelica’s arm again, scaring her almost more than anything from the previous room. Angelica jumped, feeling the same shock of adrenaline surge through her body, sending prickles over all of her skin, and now also through her bladder. As the shock began to subside, she let out an irritated “Lily!” Lily merely responded with high-strung laughter as the two sidestepped their way across the room.

Except at that moment, the eviscerated body on the table lurched upwards with a soulless yell, reaching out to grab the girls with blood-soaked hands. Both girls screamed and leapt backwards, and Angelica tripped on something and fell down onto a lumpy pile, with Lily, who was still gripping her arm, following right on top. As they scrambled to get to their feet again, Angelica swung her head around and saw what they had landed on. It was a pile of corpses and body parts, each mutilated in its own grotesquely creative fashion. She screamed again and frantically tried to get her feet under her, when something even worse happened.

The pile of corpses began to move.

With an unearthly groan, the dead bodies reached for her and Lily, trying to grab hold of them, to force the girls to join in their damned state. She could feel her mind reeling, her previous attempts at rationality rapidly dissipating as she beheld the gruesome spectacle. Her brain was at a loss to explain away what she was witnessing as simply a special effect, and instead found itself utterly under the sway of raw, primal fear. This must be why Fright Mansion was rated so highly as a haunted house.

All these thoughts flew through her in a split second. In the moment, she fell backwards onto her butt, and instead of trying to get up again, found herself crawling backwards away as fast as she could. Her shoulder slammed painfully into the surgeon’s table, the jolt of pain snapping some focus back into her. She grabbed her shoulder instinctively, then spun to her left to get on her hands and knees. From there, she propelled herself upwards and forwards, toward the exit of the room.

Once in the hallway, Angelica leaned against the wall and let the fear drain out of her. Her body was jittery all over, and she had to grip herself tightly to quell the shaking. As she calmed herself down, she noticed with a start that Lily hadn’t come out of the room yet. At the same time, she noticed a strange squishy feeling in her underwear. With one hand, she apprehensively reached down and felt her crotch. Her hand felt dry, but as soon as she touched herself there, it was clear that her underwear were not dry.

In the intensity of terror, she must have spurted some, and she could feel her face reddening at the realization. Her thoughts went back to the pictures on the website and to the girl in the line. Were they just like her, thinking such a thing wouldn’t happen to them and only finding out they were wrong too late? Also, could some of those pictures have come not from a sudden total loss of control, but rather a series of continual leaks? Her own bladder was feeling tighter now, and she wished she could just empty it out. At this rate, she would run the risk of leaking more and more as they progressed.

At that moment, Lily burst into the darkened corridor and immediately collapsed onto the floor with an exaggerated sigh of relief. Angelica hurriedly looked up from her pants and pulled her hand away, not wanting Lily to see. At least there didn’t seem to be any wet spot.

Lily was laughing from the floor. “Where’d you go, Angie? You just left me in there!”

Angelica started to protest, “I thought you were right behind me!” But as Lily kept laughing, it was apparent that she wasn’t upset. Unlike Angelica, she seemed to be thoroughly enjoying this. Angelica reached her hand down to help Lily up, wondering to herself if, in a twist of fate, it would be she who would emerge from this experience wet and Lily dry. That would be different. Even though she was used to Lily’s bladder issues by now and wasn’t fazed by them, the idea of a role reversal decidedly did not appeal to her. For a fleeting moment, she wondered if that were selfish of her or not. Either way, the quicker they got through the haunted house, the better.

###

The two friends continued through the haunted house, Lily trying to pick a route that seemed less taken to her. Angelica soon realized, regrettably, that she had been wrong in thinking that multiple paths meant a notably shorter experience. This place was apparently a lot bigger than she had given it credit, with demented scene following demented scene in a seemingly interminable fashion. By now, though, she felt more inured to the jump scares and terrifying vistas thrust upon them through differing shades of sensory overload. Not that she stopped screaming or jumping. Not in the slightest—especially not with Lily by her. Half the time Angelica felt as though she were more frightened by Lily’s screams and jumps than by what she was screaming and jumping at.

She did, however, manage to keep from leaking any more, at least noticeably. It helped that she was now much more aware of the state of her bladder and focused on staying in control. Unfortunately, this was only in part due to vigilance. It was also because as they progressed, her need to pee kept increasing gradually. She was not in a hurry to broadcast that information, however.

Looking over at Lily, Angelica wondered if she was in a similar situation. She did seem nervous and…bouncy…but that could easily be chalked up to jitters or excitement from being in a haunted house. Neither of them had had a lot to drink, so Lily probably didn’t have to go very much. Then why did she herself need to go as badly as she did? Could nerves make your kidneys overproduce?

As they exited the most recent area (a nightmarish and oppressive industrial complex straight out of a slasher flick or Alien film), Angelica rubbed her thighs up and down. Surely they were nearing the end, but the longer it took, the more urgent the signals from her bladder became. If she could only know how much further relief would be, it would help. But this waiting…especially when every room was an exercise in mental—and vesical—fortitude.

This corridor had a bend at the end, and a dim red light could be seen from around the corner. Upon turning, it revealed itself as an EXIT sign above a steel fire door labeled “EMERGENCY EXIT” in large letters, though with numerous additions of fine print below. For a brief moment, Angelica considered just plowing through the door and admitting how much she had to pee. Come what may, at least that way she’d get the whole experience behind her. But she quickly dismissed the thought. No. She was in control, and she could stay in control. She breathed deeply. No matter what kinds of monstrous entities awaited them in whatever hellish setting the next room held, she would not lose her grip on her bladder.

When they entered the next room, however, the sudden change in tone caused both girls to start up short. Rather than any of the macabre, shocking, or gruesome settings they had been faced with up to this point, this room had nothing in it but a full-length mirror at the far end with a single recessed bulb glowing warmly over it. There wasn’t even an exit from the room that was visible. The emptiness and quiet lent the whole atmosphere a sense of eerie suspense. Both girls could feel it.

Every other setting had set them on edge, waiting for something to jump out. But this one—it was so startlingly different in its feel that Angelica could feel the hair on the back of her neck stand up. It was less of an adrenaline-fueled sudden fright and more of a profound existential dread. Her bladder also began tightening again, and she had to shuffle her thighs back and forth to maintain control. Her panties were feeling uncomfortably cool against her skin from leaking before, but she didn’t want Lily to know about that. Looking over at her, she saw that Lily too seemed abnormally fidgety.

Angelica leaned over to Lily and whispered to her. Somehow, this room made her afraid to raise her voice. “We passed that emergency exit in the hallway. Let’s just go back there and leave.” She hoped that Lily too would be sufficiently creeped out—and need the bathroom enough—that she would agree.

Lily didn’t respond. Instead, as if in a trance, she began moving forwards, gaze fixed on the mirror. Angelica watched as Lily was drawn, in eerily slow stride, towards her reflection. She could feel her breath quickening in suspense but couldn’t make her feet move. She merely stood there watching, powerless to intervene at all.

Time seemed to slow down as Lily neared the glass. Her eyes never left those of her reflection’s, which was deathly pale with a cold sweat breaking on the brow. She entered the glow of the light and finally came to a stop, still staring at herself in silence, the only sound being her frightened and shaky breathing. Angelica, on the other hand, had seemingly forgotten to breathe. Both girls waited in absolute dread, and Angelica found she had to grab her crotch with her hand as her nerves shot needles through her bladder.

After what seemed like an eternity, the bulb above the mirror flickered, causing Lily to jump. Then, so suddenly as to leave her unable to react, but still clear enough to tell what was happening, there appeared behind her reflection in the mirror a dark and ghastly apparition. It was directly behind her, its vacuous face visible over her shoulder. Before she could even turn around or jump back, in one swift motion it raised its arm to her reflection’s throat and slashed it open with a long knife. Her reflection threw its head back as blood sprayed out, coating the glass.

The scene was so sudden, so shocking, and so horrifying, that Lily, unlike the short shrieks of previous rooms, let out a legitimate scream. Her hands shot to her throat as she stumbled back, momentarily convinced that what she had just seen was somehow real. She reeled backwards and fell down, still screaming and alternately moving her hands to cover her face, her chest, and then her throat again. Angelica couldn’t clearly see what Lily had seen in the mirror, and so when Lily had such an extreme reaction, she too screamed and jumped. The suddenness caused another jet of urine to spurt out into her underwear, rewarming the area around her crotch before she could get it under control again.

Lily now sat crumpled on the floor, her screams having subsided into terrified sobs. Angelica had never seen her so genuinely scared before and ran over to her to see if she was okay. She put her hand on Lily’s shoulder as Lily continued to bawl, her hands covering her face. She was shaking violently all over, and as Angelica knelt down to console her, she heard a new sound.

A hissing noise could be heard above Lily’s crying in the quiet of the room. Angelica looked down at Lily’s pants, and immediately knew what the noise was. A wet spot had formed at Lily’s crotch and was now spreading out slowly across her thighs, turning her shorts a darker blue. The hissing was now accompanied by dribbling as the urine spread to the floor and began making a puddle. Lily was peeing her pants in sheer terror, unable to control herself. The wetness spread down over her right thigh and pooled out from there, with a separate pool emanating from her butt as her pee continued to flow through the saturated cloth and trickle out with a spatter into the puddle. Angelica found she had to stand again as the liquid spread to her knee in order to keep from getting her pants wet, too.

The flow subsided fairly quickly, and Lily wiped her hand across her eyes and nose, sniffling, to clean up her face. Her other hand she was now using to hold her crotch self-consciously. Her face was red and her tears had morphed into little embarrassed hiccups. Angelica was standing next to her, her hand still on Lily’s shoulder, who was looking down at the floor. Angelica swallowed and stayed silent, not entirely sure what to say. She was sure Lily felt pretty abashed right now after her bravado earlier. Especially if she hadn’t realized how badly she apparently had had to pee. Unfortunately, just staying there wasn't helping either of them, and the fact that she was standing in a puddle of urine certainly wasn't helping Angelica's own bladder at all. Glancing at her own crotch, she saw that her second leak had left a small, one-inch wet spot. She shifted awkwardly on her feet and clenched her thighs together as she felt a tingling sensation go through her abdomen.

Eventually she broke the silence, still in a whisper, “Lily, we should probably keep going. Someone else might come and find us like this.” She didn't add what she was thinking, which was that the sooner they got out, the sooner they could find a real toilet, one that wasn't their pants.

Lily gave out a despondent sigh and swallowed the sob that was threatening in her throat. “I peed my pants, Angie.”

Angelica wanted to be able to comfort Lily, but the fullness of her bladder was wearing down some of her patience. She nearly answered, “Yeah, and I’m about to!” Instead, she merely offered a half-hearted, “It’s okay, Lil. Look, it happens to lots of people, I’m sure.” She had to keep rubbing her legs together, as she was starting to feel tension work its way down into her thighs.

Lily looked up, though not at Angelica, her face still flushed. “I know, but…I thought…I thought I had it under control. Like, I really did. And then…I—I peed my pants.” The last part came out more plaintively as she looked down again at her puddle and the tears began to flow again.

Angelica crouched down next to her, briefly having to grab her crotch as she did so. Once her head was next to Lily’s, she noticed that Lily’s legs were still tightly squeezed shut and her hand firmly gripping her crotch. Could it be that she still had to go? Angelica could feel a kind of panic besetting her as she looked around the room, trying to ascertain if there were some way that would lead directly out, especially one that wouldn’t involve any human interaction. She remembered the emergency exit they had passed in the corridor. It would mean moving backwards, which ran the risk of running into other people. On the other hand, though, moving forward ran the same risk, almost certainly. Licking her lips nervously, she decided it was their best option.

“Come on, Lil. Let’s go back to the exit we passed. We can find our way back to the car and just head home. I can sneak you into the house without anyone seeing.” She turned her head back towards the entrance to the room. Now that she was thinking more about being seen, she felt increasingly on edge, as if it meant that someone was right on the cusp of stumbling upon the two of them like this: one with peed shorts and the other not too far from the same. She felt an irrational sense of urgency to get out, which meshed all too well with her completely natural urgency.

Lily hesitated for a moment, then nodded silently. As Angelica stood to help her up, her bladder tensed up, with prickles going all through her abdomen and thighs. She gasped quietly and clenched to stay in control. Lily moved more slowly, awkwardly shifting her weight to get a foot underneath her. As she planted it with a splish in her puddle and moved upright, the pee in her pants trickled down the backs of her legs uncomfortably, wetting the fabric and draining out from under the cuffs of her shorts and splattering down on the floor and into her socks, causing her to shut her eyes and let out a moan. Angelica could see the wetness spread all across her right thigh and down the right leg of her shorts, but mainly in a massive stain across her butt. She shifted one leg over the other and swallowed. She was going to have to find a place to get relief, and pretty fast.

Once Lily was standing, Angelica quickly whispered, “Let’s go,” and grabbed her hand. The two of them stole back into the corridor, trying to be as careful and quiet as possible so as to avoid anyone who might be moving toward them. They could hear the distant sounds of the shrieks and cries of visitors over the cackles and screams of the haunted house employees, and it was difficult to distinguish between what was far away and what was possibly getting closer. Once in darkness again, Angelica made no attempt to hide her desperation and crossed and uncrossed her legs, all while bobbing up and down. Lily seemed much more in control by comparison, but she still had her hand wedged firmly between her legs.

The exit was only about twenty feet back the way they came, but once they reached it, Angelica stopped short. Since it was an emergency exit—though she was feeling more and more like this really was an emergency, albeit of an entirely different kind—would it set off a fire alarm or something? That would ruin any subtlety she had dared hope for. Her eyes darted nervously over the thick metal doors, scanning for any label or warning about an alarm. There were a large number of various legal labels in very small print, which were nearly impossible to read in the dim red light of the EXIT sign over the door. Angelica resorted to pulling out her phone for light, though she still had to bend closely to the door, rubbing her thighs up and down as she did so.

This, unfortunately, was not lost on Lily. In a cracking voice, she croaked out, “Do you need to go too, Angie?”

Angelica knew that the more attention she drew to it, the worse it would be for both of them. In as steady a voice as she could muster, she answered curtly, “I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.” Hopefully that would turn out to be true. But out of the corner of her eye she could see Lily’s hand grip harder as her legs squeezed tighter shut.

Just then, there was a new outburst of shrieks from the haunted house, and it was clear that these ones were undeniably very close. Both girls jumped and cried out, and Lily briefly shoved her other hand into her groin as well. The sound they heard could only mean one thing: the arrival of a group of people was imminent. The shrieks had by now died away and turned into loud laughs and conversation, drawing nearer, just around the corner. Angelica had been trying to be thorough when checking the door for any warnings, but since she had found none so far, in a panic she now threw caution to the wind and forcefully barged through it, yanking Lily along by her arm with a yelp as she did so.

The door’s strong hinges caused it to slam loudly behind them, no doubt extremely obviously to the people coming down the corridor, but at least they hadn’t been seen. Angelica blew out a sigh of temporary relief, her breath now creating a cloud of mist in the cold air, only now noticing that her breathing had subconsciously quickened with apprehension.

She brushed her hair out of her eyes and tried to assess where they were. The emergency exit clearly could not have been used much, as they now found themselves in a seemingly deserted alleyway lined with trash bags and litter and only dimly lit with a small bulb or two attached to the walls on either side. The alley ran between two otherwise featureless brick buildings for what looked like a city block. Angelica guessed that one direction would lead to nearby the entrance to Fright Mansion, though it was hard to tell which way. Well, either one would have to bring them back to civilization eventually, and the sooner, the better. She rubbed her arms up and down with the cold, rubbing her thighs together as she did so, and said, “Come on. Let’s try to find our way back.”

Lily didn’t move. Although she had seemed impervious to the cold before, she was now trembling like a leaf in the wind. She was still holding herself with both hands, and Angelica realized that her wet shorts must now be very cold indeed. She gently put an arm around Lily to try to lead her along.

Lily began making mincing steps down the alley. Angelica tried to pull harder, just enough for Lily to walk a little faster, but it didn’t seem to have any effect. She could feel annoyance rising up inside her, bolstered by her swollen bladder. Can we go any faster, please? Some of us still have to use the bathroom! She cleared her throat and said, as calmly as she could, “Let’s try to get there quickly.”

She was surprised as these words caused Lily to do the opposite and instead stop short. A spike of frustration shot through Angelica, combined with one of urgency in her bladder. She turned, having to quickly cross her legs as she did so, and asked, “What’s wrong, Lil? Let’s go!”

Lily’s face was turned down, but Angelica could see tears welling up in her eyes again. Her teeth were chattering as she managed, “I…I still have to go, Angie.” She started squeezing her thighs together and bending and unbending her legs.

Seeing this did not help Angelica. As the dry one, it was up to her to be strong. She quickly retorted, “Me too. Let’s hurry up and find a bathroom.” She swiveled back toward the end of the alleyway when she suddenly gasped and jumped.

Three men were now standing in their path.

All three were tall and imposing, wearing dark jackets and jeans. Where had they come from? They must have been sitting or standing in the shadows until now. Why were they in the alleyway? Were they drug dealers? Angelica could feel her heartrate rising.

Once they saw that Angelica had seen them, a dark smile came over the face of the one in the middle. He began walking menacingly toward the two girls, and the other two followed suit. Angelica backed away for two or three steps, then seized Lily’s arm and turned to bolt in the other direction. Almost as soon as she had, she stopped up short with a little scream as she now saw three more men coming towards them on that end. They were surrounded. Maybe they could make a break for the emergency exit? But no, it was the kind of door that couldn’t be opened from the outside—and besides, by now the men had already passed it and stood between it and the two girls.

Angelica backed Lily up against the wall and instinctively stood in front of her. The men in turn filled in the space across from them to form a semicircle of leering smiles and dark gazes. They stood there, staring down at the two terrified friends, and waited. Other than making an occasional threatening chuckle, none of them spoke.

Angelica felt her heart beating faster and faster and her breathing doing likewise. Her throat felt like it was constricting as she turned her head rapidly every which way, trying to spot an opening between the men, a way out, anything. She could feel her body breaking out in a cold sweat and her bladder began tightening against her will. As if on cue, she heard a whimper from behind her, followed by a loud trickling and splashing as Lily, overcome with fright again, released the rest of the contents of her bladder unwillingly into her shorts.

Angelica didn’t dare shift her gaze from their would-be attackers, but imagined that Lily’s puddle was probably spreading out to her own shoes. Shooting pains like shocks of electricity pulsed through her lower abdomen, and her panic increased as she thought that she was not very far off from joining Lily. An adrenaline-fueled bubble of pure fear began swelling up inside her as a scream built in her throat. All her hair was now standing on end, and she felt sure that if she didn’t scream, she would probably puke.

For the first time, as if he could read her mind, the presumed leader of this sick group spoke. With a sadistic smile on his face, he merely stated in a menacingly cool voice, “Go ahead. Scream. It’s Halloween—who’s going to pay any attention?”

As quickly as it had built, the scream died away in Angelica’s throat. Awful realization settled upon her with a shudder that went from her head slowly, dreadfully, all the way down to her feet. He was right. No one would save them. A sense of desperate self-preservation pierced to the surface of Angelica’s mind and a scream tried to come anyway; but she found herself frozen with fear and unable to work her vocal cords. The only sound that came out was a feeble rasping croak. She was powerless to do anything to stop whatever was about to happen.

The worst terror she had ever experienced in her life washed over her and settled into every nerve of Angelica’s being. She could feel all the color drain out of her face and tears start to spill out of her eyes as her lower lip trembled and let a whimper slip out. She was shaking all over, but was rooted to the spot in fear, numbness taking over her body. As she continued to shed hot, scared tears, she noticed that she could no longer feel any pain in her bladder. At the same time, she began to be vaguely aware of a faint burning sensation in her crotch.

As the sensation gradually pierced the fog of her mind, she began to also be aware of two other things. The first was a distant noise like pouring water. The second was that the man smiling evilly in front of her was no longer looking her in the eye, but rather down at her legs.

Despite her fear, Angelica instinctively followed his gaze down to her legs as well. Her breath caught in a gasp as she saw a large wet patch around her crotch and down her thighs, spreading down to her inner right calf and pooling from the cuff of her jeans onto the concrete. There was already a sizeable puddle from Lily’s accident spreading to her shoe, but now she was adding copiously to it. The wetness around her crotch was dark and shiny as Angelica continued to pee helplessly in pure terror. Staring down at herself as she continued to have an accident in her pants, Angelica tried in vain to clench off the flow and regain control. It was no use. Fear had taken control of her body, and she could do nothing to stop it.

Her bladder kept draining out its contents of its own accord for nearly twenty seconds. Angelica could see the wetness spread down her left leg as well and could feel it saturate the fabric in the back of her jeans widely underneath her butt. As it poured down her thighs, her urine broke off into multiple streams as well, spraying out from her legs and directly from her crotch, spattering noisily in the puddle and over her tennis shoes. She was still unable to move, but simply watched herself go to the bathroom on herself, gasping.

Then, the completely unexpected happened. The men watching her started laughing. Not the sadistic, malevolent laugh of a predator inflicting suffering on a victim, but the goofy, immature laugh of a group of dudebros making fart jokes. As Angelica looked up, wide-eyed and apprehensive, she could see the men all guffawing, pointing, and high-fiving each other. For a moment, she thought she must be going crazy. Was any of this really happening? But then, all at the same time, as if they had practiced it, each of the six men unzipped their jackets and opened them up, revealing underneath them the Fright Mansion staff T-shirt.

As the understanding dawned on Angelica that this whole thing had been a massive prank, she could feel her thoughts and feelings tumbling over and over inside her, unable to sort themselves out. Fear was dissipating into relief, but relief was soured by embarrassment, which made her fear stop turning into relief and instead turn into anger, which then created disbelief, which only made her embarrassment worse and made her just want to cry. The look on her face must have conveyed this hodgepodge of emotions fairly clearly, as the men took one look at her face and burst out laughing afresh before turning and swaggering down the alleyway, still snickering and slapping each other on the back. One shouted over his shoulder, “Happy Halloween!” which evoked a whole new gale of cackles from the rest of them, and then they were gone.

Angelica stood there, stunned. The whole thing was just a practical joke? They had made her undergo the single most traumatic experience of her life…for a laugh? Outrage surged up inside her, making her face flush and tears well up in her eyes again. There was no way that could be legal! Surely they could call the police, or sue, or something? As her temper flared to a fever pitch, though, she had to swallow back the bile rising in her throat as her anger found itself immediately thwarted by a crucial point.

What would they say?

As she thought back, she realized that the men had never touched either of them, or even made a move to. They hadn’t even said anything threatening. They had merely stood around them and looked frightening. Probably if she had bolted with Lily, they would have just let them pass by.

The more Angelica tried to figure out how she could make them pay, the more helpless she felt, recognizing that she had no grounds for legal action. The men could merely say they were in the alleyway at the same time as the girls and that they didn’t do anything to them—and they would be right. Moreover, there were more of them, and they could corroborate their story better. Even Fright Mansion could simply claim that the whole point of a haunted house is to scare people. These men probably just saw an opportunity to mess with anyone coming out of the emergency exit, even though it was an incredibly, incredibly tasteless prank. As she felt increasingly helpless, it only made her angrier, especially since it meant that all it took for her to pee herself in terror was a group of guys to stand there and look at her—and they all saw it.

Anger mixed with embarrassment and helplessness inside her, making her gut roil with emotions. Her adrenaline was abating, and she felt sweaty, shaky all over, and very, very cold. Her intestines were still doing flip-flops inside her, and she felt like she was going to be sick. She tried to take a step, but her legs were too wobbly and she instead ended up falling against the brick wall.

Lily’s voice could be heard behind her, sounding small. “Are you okay, Angie?” She felt Lily’s hand reach out and touch her shoulder. But she was still on the verge of vomiting, and her skin was crawling, so the sudden touch made her shudder and shake it off. Nausea churned in her stomach, and she suddenly found herself releasing her remaining urine into her pants, rewarming her panties. Then her insides clenched, and she violently doubled over, retching. She dry heaved once, then twice, and on the third time, her bowels seized up and forced a log of poop out between her butt cheeks, smushing inside her soaked panties and bulging her pants out in the seat before squelching out across her rear end.

Angelica’s mouth opened wide in a stunned O. She kept breathing in and out, in and out, slowly regaining control of her body. With tentative apprehension, she touched her hands to the back of her pants to assess the damage. Unfortunately, as she did so, she did a half turn, inadvertently pointing her bottom in Lily’s direction. No sooner had Lily seen the massive brown bulge on Angelica’s pants than she gave a little gasp, then clutched her own stomach.

Her eyes suddenly went wide and both hands flew to her own butt, and she squeaked out, “Oh no…not again…” The next thing Angelica heard was Lily letting out a wet fart, and then a nauseating squishing sound. Slowly, with a mixture of embarrassment and disgust, she turned her head and looked over her shoulder incredulously at Lily, whose face was twitching, almost as if she were about to laugh. But then Lily tensed up and groaned, and another wet squelch came out as she too lost control and crapped herself, her soaked blue shorts sagging under the weight of her load.

Angelica faced forward again and squared her shoulders. They should have just stayed home.

~Aftermath~

Since both girls’ underwear were now not only wet but also full of poop, the going was slow back to Angelica’s car. They had to waddle uncomfortably along, since every movement squished the poop around unpleasantly, spreading out over their butt cheeks and up between them in both directions. Moreover, the wet material of their pants was beginning to chafe.

Angelica’s plan to sneak Lily into the house was complicated by the fact that now both of them had had accidents. Originally she had thought she could go in first, make sure the coast was clear, and then hurriedly rush Angelica in also. She would have been able to lock herself in the bathroom and clean up, while Angelica would have made sure her dirty clothes were surreptitiously spirited away. But now—now they would have to improvise.

As they reached the car, the first question was how they would sit in it with such thoroughly soiled clothes. Thankfully, Angelica had parked far enough away from Fright Mansion that there were neither many people passing by nor much light, so they had some breathing room while doing so. Unfortunately, it was Angelica’s parents’ car, not her own, and they kept it impressively free of clutter. After looking in the trunk and the back seat, the best she could find was a single plastic bag. After some arguing, it was agreed upon that Angelica would sit on the plastic bag, since she had to drive, and Lily would kneel on the floor on the passenger side. As long as they didn’t get pulled over or get into an accident (heh), Lily would be fine. At first, she tried to protest, but when Angelica pointed out that at least she wouldn’t have to sit in her mess, she relented.

The drive home was uneventful, with minimal conversation. Despite the cold, they had to keep the windows down to let the smell out. Angelica tried to maintain a lighter exterior in their chatting, as it seemed to help both of them feel better. Inside, however, her mind was still fixed on what had happened. She inwardly resolved, first of all, to make sure to get both her and Lily some pepper spray. Let’s see those troglodytes laugh while choking on that! On the other hand, as angry as she was, she also realized that it could have been much, much worse, if the men had actually meant them harm. Glancing over at Lily, she realized with a grim realism that as they both grew older and more exposed to the real world, Lily’s happy-go-lucky, carefree nature would only make her more vulnerable to evil people. The two of them would have to cast off their naïveté and be prepared for the bad and ugly side of life.

Once home, both girls delicately maneuvered themselves out of the car, and Angelica picked up the plastic bag with the tips of her fingers and slid it inside the garbage bin, down the side where it wouldn’t be seen by anyone taking out the trash. The house was still lit up, and they paused for a moment to decide their plan. Angelica didn’t want to be caught with peed and soiled pants, remembering her mom’s reaction the previous year when she had found Angelica waiting by the car at the harvest festival with drenched jeans, socks, shoes, and underwear. Though she had tried to be understanding about it, the look on her mom’s face had been incredibly embarrassing for Angelica, and one she did not wish to see again.

Eventually it was decided that if they slipped in quickly through the side door and ran, they could make it up the stairs before Angelica’s parents, who were most likely in the living room, could come out to see them. Then they could hide out in Angelica’s room until the coast was clear to go to the bathroom and clean up. Since Patrick and his friend would be on the same floor, they would have to avoid being seen by them as well.

Hearts beating quickly, on the count of three the girls executed their plan of action. It went exactly as predicted: Angelica’s mom heard them come in, started to venture out from the living room, but was not in time to catch them before they had dashed up the stairs and locked themselves in Angelica’s room. During the run, Lily found she had had to cup her butt with her hands to keep any poop from falling out due to the jostling. Once there, they ventured one at a time into the bathroom to shower and change into pajamas, wrapping their soiled clothing in plastic bags and discreetly smuggling it out of the bathroom. Both girls tacitly agreed that there would be no saving the clothes, and they would simply have to quietly deposit them in the garbage where they wouldn’t be found. For now, the shameful packages were stowed in the back corner of Angelica’s closet.

The girls bedded down, neither one feeling much energy for conversation. Angelica let Lily have her bed, while she unrolled a sleeping bag on the floor. Worn out from their earlier ordeal, they quickly slipped into deep slumber.

In the middle of the night, however, Angelica was woken with a start by an unsettling sound. It was similar to a yell, but it didn’t sound entirely human. As she sat bolt upright in her sleeping bag, taking a few moments to recollect where she was, she listened, trying to figure out what had caused the noise.

She could hear Lily moving about in the bed. Had she been woken up too? But then a new sound filled her ears, similar to the one that had woken her up. It was coming from Lily. Angelica pulled open the sleeping bag and clambered over to the bed where Lily lay. Lily was thrashing about in her sleep and moaning, letting out louder wails at times. That was what made the sound so odd—it was like a cry of terror, but not awake.

Concerned, Angelica seized Lily by the shoulders and shook, loudly whispering “Lily! Wake up!” She looked at the digital clock face on the nightstand and read “1:13.” Down the hallway, she could hear the muffled sounds of Patrick and his friend still laughing and loudly talking as they played their video game. She shook harder as Lily continued to writhe about, and then suddenly Lily’s eyes flew open and she stared directly at Angelica, fear plastered on her face. A moment later she flung her arms around Angelica and buried her face in her shirt, breathing heavily.

“Oh, Angie, I had a nightmare. It was awful, Angie.” She sounded almost on the verge of tears.

“It’s okay. It’s okay. It was just a dream. You’re awake now. It’s okay.” Angelica tried to calm Lily down as she hugged her tight, feeling how damp her pajama shirt was with sweat. “Was it…about what happened tonight?”

Lily shook her head and pulled away. Her voice was still shaky. “No, but it was here. We were here in this room, but there was—there was something in the hall closet. I knew it was there, but you, you wouldn’t listen. It was some kind of…horrible, horrible…something. I don’t know. Some kind of a demon or something. You wouldn’t listen, and I kept trying to tell you ‘No! Don’t open the closet!’ But you just kept going to open it, and…” Lily shuddered. “I can’t even describe it. I was just so scared, though. I think in my dream, I was so scared that I started…peeing my pants…”

As she said it, her face went red and she trailed off, looking down at herself. With a sudden suspicion of the worst, Angelica reached over to the nightstand to turn on the lamp, then threw back the covers of the bed. There, between Lily’s legs, was a twelve-inch wet patch. It reached from around her crotch down the middle of her thighs and filled in the space between them in an oval-shaped stain on the sheets—Angelica’s sheets. Angelica’s mouth fell open, half out of astonishment and half to protest, when she noticed something else. Right at her crotch, Lily’s pajama pants were not only dark with urine, but still shiny. In addition, the sheets right under her crotch not only were wet, but also had a puddle in them. A puddle which was growing.

Lily was still peeing.

Angelica let out an upset “Oh, Lil!” which started with a sympathetic tone but ended frustrated. Wasn’t one accident enough for one night? But now, to be wetting her bed? Still wetting her bed?

Lily looked up, face red with shame. “I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” she kept saying, but she seemed unable to stop peeing her pants—and Angelica’s sheets. She wedged both hands in her crotch, the material letting out a squelch as she did so, but her urine merely sprayed through her fingers. The puddle grew another inch or so in diameter before the flow tapered off.

Angelica blew her hair out of her eyes and put her hands on her hips in annoyance. Of all the issues with incontinence that Lily had, now bedwetting had to be included as well? Also, seeing Lily’s pajama pants totally sopping with pee made Angelica all the more aware of the fact that her bladder too had filled up in the night. She bounced back and forth from foot to foot, knowing that she should go use the bathroom before going back to sleep. For now, though, they had to take care of this mess. “I’ll go get a new sheet and a towel. We can put the towel over the wet spot on the mattress and the sheet over it. You should probably change out of your pajamas, Lil. You can wear a pair of my underwear.” Angelica realized she was using her no-nonsense tone again, one that often came out post-accident. She turned to get the linens from the hall closet.

Lily cried out in a small voice, “No! No, Angie, not the closet.” Her voice sounded high-pitched, almost a whine.

Angelica stopped and faced Lily again, irritated at the interruption. She rubbed her thighs together. “What’s wrong, Lily? I told you, I need to change the sheet on the bed.” And then go pee!

In the light from the beside lamp, Angelica could see Lily’s face. Her expression was no longer one of embarrassment, but rather of terror. Realization dawned on Angelica, and she looked again at the hall closet as she remembered Lily’s description of her nightmare and of the unspeakable horror that lay therein. Turning back towards Lily, she spoke again, in a softer voice. “It’s okay. I just need to get the towel and sheets. There’s nothing in the closet. It’s okay.” When Lily’s facial expression remained the same, she added, “Here, I’ll show you.”

Angelica took the last step to the closet and faced Lily with a compassionate smile as she used her right hand to pull open the door. Once it was all the way open, she turned back towards the closet to get what she needed, her eyes adjusting to the dark. As they did so, she suddenly gave a gasp and jumped back, feeling a spurt of pee jet into her panties as she did so.

There was something in the closet.

Eyes wide and pupils dilated, Angelica stood still a moment with bated breath before tentatively reaching in to investigate. Whatever it was, in the dark it had looked vaguely like the form of a person standing in the back against the wall. Angelica’s hand stretched out slowly to find out what it was, and in the process, bumped against the shelf on the inside wall of the closet. As it did so, it knocked down a box of clothespins, which fell to the floor with a jarring crash. Angelica yelped again, looking down at the source of the sound. As she looked up again, she saw in a split second something that made adrenaline shoot through her body.

The thing was rushing towards her.

With a scream, Angelica fell backwards onto her butt on the floor. Now that it had lunged forwards and stood there, towering over her, the dark figure could be seen by the light of the lamp in the room. Angelica stared up at the horrifying sight and kept screaming.

It was a man, but with a hideously scarred face. The skin that clung to his emaciated cheekbones was ashen and sickly-looking. The mouth was too wide to be normal, and looked as if it had been sliced open like a nightmarish Cheshire cat. One eye dangled from its socket by viscera, and blood seeped out of the gaping hole. To top it off, the jaw was open wider than humanly possible, fixed in a noiseless feral howl.

Angelica screamed and screamed, sitting on the floor, back up against the wall. Lily also shrieked at Angelica’s reaction, covering her face with the bedspread and releasing her remaining urine into the mattress. Angelica sat there, screaming yet unable to move as this monster stared down at her, and realized that she too had lost bladder control in her fright.

Right away, Angelica felt her panties grow hot and moist from her pee. As her bladder clenched up in fear, she found that her body was not only releasing its urine, but actively expelling it. Her pee sprayed forcefully into her underwear, rapidly saturating her pajama bottoms. Gravity was causing the liquid to pool underneath her rear end, but as her bladder tightened, the pressure of her pee caused it to actually spray upwards in an arc from her crotch. It splattered over her thighs and the carpet, and she could feel her butt growing uncomfortably warm as a puddle spread out around it. Angelica’s body forced her to void her bladder of every drop in pure terror. She had stopped screaming, but couldn’t stop wetting herself until she was empty. By the time she was done, her thighs were wet down to her knees from her pee stream, and there was a sizeable puddle around her bottom, darkening the carpet.

As the grip of fear loosened on Angelica and clarity began to return to her brain, she realized that the awful being leering over her was not moving at all. Moreover, a closer look at the features revealed that the whole thing was nothing more than a life-sized Halloween decoration, albeit a very detailed one. As this fact dawned on her, she noticed something else—a chorus of loud laughter coming down the hall from Patrick’s room. Turning her head that direction, she saw Patrick and his friend coming out into the hall, guffawing loudly. Angelica’s jaw dropped as she figured out what had happened—Patrick had put the zombie mannequin in the closet to scare whoever opened the door, and by bumping the shelf, Angelica had accidentally caused the dummy to fall towards her. Even now, it was only staying up by leaning against the doorjamb.

Patrick pointed at his sister and gave a gleeful “Gotcha, Ange! Haha, that was great! That was seriously the best reaction. Ah, wow, I wish I could’ve gotten a picture of that.” As he spoke, Angelica self-consciously moved her hands to cover her groin, instinctively trying to hide the evidence of her accident from her older brother. This was the second time in twenty-four hours that a practical joke had made her wet herself.

Patrick watched her, the light in his eyes changing for a moment to confusion as he tried to decipher what she was doing. Then the look on his face lit up, and Angelica knew it had clicked in his brain. He began laughing again, this time so hard that he no longer made any sound and his face turned cherry red. His friend stood there, trying to ask him what was so funny, but Patrick was laughing too hard to answer. Instead, he motioned weakly towards Angelica with one hand, his other hand gripping his stomach as he doubled over in a raucous fit of hilarity with tears streaming down his face. Angelica could feel her face reddening, and she punched Patrick in the thigh from where she was sitting. It only had the effect of causing him to stagger backward slightly.

As the heat of embarrassment crawled up her neck—combining with the warmth of her urine around her bottom—she knew the only thing left that she could do was to try to get to her feet quickly and retreat to her room. To her dismay, as she did so, her left foot landed with an unpleasant squish in the rapidly cooling puddle she had left in the carpet, causing her to wince. To make matters worse, as she turned away, her soaking wet butt faced in the direction of Patrick and his friend. The material was clearly drenched in a large round stain across her entire rear end, clinging to her skin and accentuating her panty line. Seeing this, Patrick laughed even harder, throwing his head back and putting a hand over his eyes, and his friend realized what had happened and joined in with Patrick.

Angelica stepped briskly into her room and slammed the door behind her wet behind, not looking back. She knew that all the noise had undoubtedly attracted the attention of her parents, and that her mom was surely coming to investigate now. She hung her head as she realized that she would once again have to be faced with her mother’s look of disappointment and astonishment upon finding her daughter with peed pants again. At least this time she could blame someone for it.

*014*2019-12-13 11:18

Thanks, y'all, for the feedback! So, two things:

1. This story is meant to have eleven chapters in total, though I don't know how quickly I can produce them.

2. Does anyone know how to add tags to a post after it's made? I didn't know how tags were done when I first made this post, and now I wish I could add some.

*017*2019-12-23 13:17

So, as I am writing these, it seems that the average wait per chapter will about about two weeks. So, as promised, here is the next one.

Chapter 4: Pool Party

Of all the seasons, summer was probably Angelica’s least favorite. Not to say she hated it, but it just came in fourth after fall, spring, and winter, respectively. In this way she was the opposite to Lily, who loved summer and the outdoors and doing things outdoors in the summer. Angelica was sure that if Lily were here, she would be having the time of her life. But of course, Lily wasn’t here.

Naturally, the fact that it was a summer night wasn’t by itself why Angelica wasn’t having the time of her life herself here, at a pool party hosted by the Davis family. The primary reason was that somehow, of all the people who had shown up, she seemed to be the only one who hadn’t gotten the memo that it was a pool party. Consequently, while the rest of the people here were having a blast splashing about in the Olympic-sized pool, relaxing in the hot tub, or just strutting about in their trunks or form fitting one- or two-piece bathing suits, she alone was left wearing her gray Downton Abbey T-shirt, green shorts, and tennis shoes. She stood at something of a distance from the edge of the water, hands in pockets, leaning awkwardly against a table laden with various finger foods.

Another reason why she wasn’t having as much of a good time was the fact that she didn’t know most of the people here. Brenda Davis had recently been accepted into Princeton University, and to celebrate, she had apparently invited everyone she knew to this party. There were probably at least fifty people here already, and more continued trickling in as time went on. Angelica had never been that close to Brenda—they had gone to middle school together, but that was about it—and as a result, was a complete stranger to most of what she assumed were Brenda’s current friends.

They seemed mainly to be college age, probably a year or two older than Angelica herself, who had just graduated from high school the year before but had taken a year off before college to work and save money first. The sensation of being the small fish in the pond, the bottom of the totem pole—with the accompanying judgmental, catty looks from toned, high-cheekboned girls in bikinis and the creepy, leering stares from shirtless guys high on their own testosterone and looking for some fresh conquest—left her feeling repulsed and isolated. It didn’t help that enough of the guests were evidently old enough to buy alcohol (at least Angelica hoped they bought it legally) which was now being shared openly, no one caring about being underage or not.

Twice already guys had come up to her offering her a beer. When the second one hadn’t wanted to take no for an answer, goading her until some of his friends finally told him to back off, she had slipped away to her present position on the outskirts of the yard, hoping to remain unseen. Ever since the incident at the haunted house the year before, she made sure to carry pepper spray with her, but she had never had to use it, and she hoped a party at a friend’s house wouldn’t have to be the place to break it in. Now by herself, but bored, she absentmindedly crossed her arms and blew her brown bangs out of her eyes.

Of course, the deepest reason why Angelica wasn’t enjoying her time here, and the one she would never admit, was because of what had happened the last time she had been here.

Middle-schooler Angelica was super excited to be invited to a POOL PARTY. The very name sounded like just about the coolest thing ever. Brenda Davis, a classmate of hers, had invited about one third of her classmates over for her birthday party, and her family had an in-ground pool. Angelica felt both thrilled and a little full of herself for being cool enough to be invited. She figured she knew Brenda well enough: they had had lunch at the same table sometimes, and had talked on bus rides, and now look how it paid off. Stupid Shelly Price and her stupid gang of fawning suck-ups could shrivel up and die from envy, for all she cared. They weren’t here, were they.

Angelica had brought her swimsuit and towel separately and was currently carrying them in a plastic Wal-Mart bag. She was wearing white Bermuda shorts and a red tank top with flip-flops and had her shoulder-length brown hair in a ponytail. Her plan was to change into her swimsuit as soon as she could and join in the fun everyone would be having splashing, diving, swimming, and playing tag and Marco Polo. She had just been dropped off by her mom and was now ringing the doorbell at the Davis household. The mid-afternoon sunlight was shining in her eyes from off to her right, and she turned her head down to avoid being blinded by it. After a few moments of antsy waiting, Brenda’s mom opened the door and let her in. The party, it seemed, was already in full swing.

Angelica immediately rushed to the bathroom to change clothes. While there, in a rush to get to the pool, she didn’t take the time to actually go to the bathroom. It was fine, though. She didn’t really need to go right now.

Once in her bright blue one-piece, with her yellow sunflowers towel in hand, barefoot Angelica zoomed down the hallway to the back door, intent on making a beeline directly into a cannonball. She only stopped briefly when she saw the assortment of sodas on the table. One hurriedly downed cup of ginger ale later, she resumed her Sonic the Hedgehog impression and dove right in. This had to be the coolest party ever.

Current-day Angelica thought back to her younger naïveté with a sense of grim embarrassment. It had seemed like that would be the greatest day and that nothing could go wrong. Hah. Little did she know.

And now, of course, here she was again. Looking around at the yard, it appeared as though not much had changed since that last time she was here. The pool, obviously, couldn’t exactly be modified, but the lawn furniture was in its same place, the volleyball net further off to the side of the yard, the rope swing on the tree…even the very old playhouse, likely left over from when Brenda and her sisters were very small, still in its place in the little copse by the fence. It had already been overgrown when Angelica had been here as a middle schooler, and, if it was possible, it looked even more ramshackle now.

She winced internally at the memory that that playhouse held for her. The only major difference was that now a door had been put into the six-foot fence, most likely leading to the street. Sighing, she checked the time on her phone. She hadn’t even been here for an hour yet, and Patrick was supposed to pick her up in another two and a half hours, if he came on time. But he was apparently on a date, and had never been too punctual even while single, so he’d probably be later than that. Angelica rolled her eyes. Now that she had some money of her own, maybe she should look into getting her own car so she didn’t have to work around her family’s schedule.

Well, she couldn’t spend the whole time just moping by herself. At the very least, maybe she could find someone here to talk to. Standing up straight and slipping her phone back in her pocket, she began idly meandering closer to the pool, looking for anyone she recognized and eavesdropping for conversations that sounded interesting. As she did so, she languidly picked up a can of Arizona Kiwi Strawberry from the refreshments table and popped it open. It didn’t look like there was any ginger ale. Casually sipping, she made her way past the various conversations and cliques, making sure to still stay far enough from the pool to keep from being splashed.

Eventually she came to a group of three girls, seemingly several years older than herself, sitting on canvas chairs and talking amongst themselves. Nothing about them seemed particularly inviting, but there were two empty chairs in their circle, so Angelica figured she might as well try to join. Slowly approaching, she pulled the closer empty chair out and sat in it, eyeing the girls’ reactions. Rather than getting up and leaving or telling her the spot was taken, they merely gave one look in her direction before resuming their conversation as though Angelica weren’t even there. Feeling awkward at the lack of acknowledgment, Angelica simply sat, listening and drinking her Arizona.

“Yeah, so he told me that next year I’m gonna have to take Econ 201, but that the professor is awful. Like, you can’t ever know what to study for. He never teaches on what’s on the test.” The girl speaking had long blonde hair and a yellow one-piece swimsuit with long, toned legs and painted toenails.

“That sucks. Why do you have to take that class at all?” This from one of the other two, a black girl in a green bikini.

“It’s ’cause I’m majoring in business, you know. Same old BS as always.” The blonde took a sip from her beer bottle, and Angelica noticed, a bit self-consciously, that all three of them were drinking. “Yeah, so, like, whatever. You know? Just gotta get it over with.”

The black girl shook her head in agreement. “Yeah, I know. I’m thinking of changing my major, just because of that kind of thing.”

The third girl, a brunette with hair a little lighter than Angelica’s, said nothing but sat and sipped her beer. In the lull of the conversation, the blonde turned to Angelica and, for the first time, addressed her. “What about you? You in college?”

Angelica was in the middle of a sip and hurriedly finished. “Uh, no. No, I, uh, I graduated from high school last year, but I’ve just been working since then.”

“Oh, cool. You think you’ll go to college?”

“Yeah, I plan to, yeah.”

“Any idea what you’ll major in?”

“…not yet.”

“Mm, yeah. Well, take it from me. Figure that crap out early, before you waste time and money and student loans on something that you change your mind about later.” She downed the rest of her beer and burped. “I’m gonna go get another beer. Anyone want one?” The other two shook their heads as the brunette took another swig. “What about you, you want one?” She spoke to Angelica.

Angelica felt her neck warming with discomfort. She was intimidated by the older girls, but at the same time could hear every lesson and after-school special on peer pressure coming up in her memory. Finally she managed, “No thanks, I, I don’t drink.”

The blonde laughed. “No? I mean, here’s your chance. It’s not like your mom’s here. How do you think you’re gonna get through college?” This prompted a chuckle from the other two.

Angelica knew that they were probably just having a cheap laugh at her expense, but nonetheless felt her face grow warm with self-consciousness. In contrast, though, a sense of irritation rose up inside her at being patronized. The hair on the back of her neck bristled, and before she knew it, she blurted out, “I just don’t see any reason to make myself stupider, thanks.”

As the words left her lips, she shocked herself with how bluntly they came out. All three girls’ faces registered expressions of bemused surprise at this feisty outsider. They looked at each other for a moment, then back at Angelica, before bursting out laughing. The blonde good-naturedly punched Angelica’s shoulder with the hand that held her beer bottle. “Hey, you know what? Good for you. You keep up that kinda straight-and-narrow attitude in college, and you’ll end up going places. Maybe we’ll even wind up working for you someday, instead of a sucky fast food job. I’m Carly, by the way.”

Angelica’s discomfort had begun to soften when the blonde—Carly, apparently—had first started laughing, and now she could feel a smile pulling up one corner of her mouth. “Angelica.” She stuck out her hand, immediately realized that Carly’s was still holding the beer bottle, withdrew it, apologized, and laughed nervously, sparking an equal response from Carly and her friends. Once Carly had stepped away, Angelica learned that the black girl was named Shanise and the brunette was Macy.

Carly returned a minute later with a beer bottle in one hand and another Arizona tea can in the other. With no explanation, she shoved the can toward Angelica. Angelica slowly took it from her, a look of slight confusion on her face. Carly merely answered flatly, “Here, I got you another one.”

Angelica gave a mumbled “thanks” and, realizing that her first can of Arizona was nearly empty, drained it at a gulp and then popped open the new can. She felt a little abashed at how she had just accidentally insulted Carly to her face, but then she had responded to it by getting her another drink as if it were the most natural thing in the world. It seemed that maybe college had an effect of making you learn how to roll with the punches—a far cry from the drama of high school. Sipping on her new can, Angelica pondered on how a “live and let live” attitude would be nice to get from others, but difficult to have herself. A time of adjustment lay before her; starting tonight, evidently.

Carly, Shanise, and Macy resumed their conversation, with Macy only occasionally speaking up and Angelica sometimes chipping in. While not the sort of crowd she would typically hang out with, Angelica did give a sigh of gratitude at having a much better way of passing the time now. She found herself smiling and laughing along with the other three girls as they bantered about their lives, school, favorite TV shows, and such. In the back of her mind, though, Angelica was not fully at ease. She could feel a dark cloud of memory preventing her from fully enjoying the conversation. Despite efforts to the contrary, her mind kept straying back to the last time she had been at a party here, and what ended up happening then.

Middle-schooler Angelica slouched dejectedly in the back seat of her parents’ car. She knew her mom was still talking to Brenda’s mom about her, and she didn’t want to hear any of it. Her face was still red and her eyes puffy from crying. Shuffling in her seat, she tried to adjust her jean cutoff shorts. She wasn’t used to wearing anything this short, partly because she didn’t actually own anything this short. These were a pair of Brenda’s shorts, worn over her swimsuit and borrowed at a moment’s notice from the Davis family. It also didn’t help that her swimsuit was still damp. Angelica’s own clothes were balled up and wrapped tightly in a plastic bag and sitting on the floor of the seat next to her. She wiped her nose and averted her gaze. Even though the bag was barely visible in the dark interior, the less she was reminded of tonight, the better.

She could hear the muted conversation between her mom and Brenda’s mom come to an end and the sound of her mom’s footsteps nearing the car. Feeling a sense of humiliation wash over her afresh, she turned her head to stare out the window. Her mom opened the door, causing the interior car lights to turn on and a breeze to blow inside. The sudden rush of fresh air only served to make Angelica realize how much the smell from the bag had filled the car.

Sliding into the driver’s seat, her mom wordlessly started the car, turned on the headlights, and began backing out of the driveway. They proceeded in silence for a few minutes before she finally broke the silence, “Ange, sweetie, do you want to stop anywhere on the way home? I could take you to In & Out and get you a milkshake. Would you like that?”

Without turning her head, Angelica mumbled back in a congested voice, “No, let’s just go home.”

She wondered if her mom was upset at her, as she could feel her watching her in the rearview mirror. Still, she would rather continue in silence than try to clear the air. She sat with her head leaning against the car door, watching the streetlights pass by. Eventually her mom spoke up, this time in a softer voice. “You know, Ange, accidents happen. It’s okay. It could’ve happened to anyone. Tomorrow the whole thing will be behind us and we never have to talk about it again. It doesn’t even have to leave this car.”

For the first time, Angelica turned to face her mother’s gaze in the mirror. Her voice came out with a crack. “You mean it? You won’t tell Dad?”

She could see her mom’s eyes squint with a smile. “No. It can be just between us. I’ll make sure to clean up your clothes and get those shorts back to Grace.” Angelica assumed that Grace was Brenda’s mother’s name.

The closest feeling to emotional relief (she had experienced a different kind of relief earlier) that Angelica felt that night began to blossom inside her. All the tension, embarrassment, anger, angst, and humiliation that she had gone through began subsiding. Tomorrow would be better, she was sure. At the same time, though, she knew that this night would be burned into her memory for a very long, long time.

Current-day Angelica had her thoughts pulled back to the present and realized she had been tuning out the conversation around her for a little while. Carly was staring at her and asking something. She waved her hand in front of Angelica’s face. “Earth to Angelica. Did you hear what I said?”

Angelica gave her head a small shake to snap herself out of her trance and answered, “Yeah. Sorry. I just got lost in thought for a bit there.”

Carly laughed. “Yeah, I noticed. The three of us are gonna go back in the pool now. You wanna join?”

Angelica gave a half-hearted smile. “Thanks, but I, I didn’t bring my swimsuit. I didn’t know it was going to be a pool party.”

Carly blew out a breath. “That sucks. Oh well. Nice meeting you!” Then she turned and slipped gracefully into the pool. The water was an inviting blue, lit up from underneath by pool lights which silhouetted the swimmers and illuminated the layer of steam on the surface. As Shanise and Macy both also said bye and followed Carly, Angelica was left alone again. Settling back on her canvas chair, she tilted her head back, draining the rest of her second Arizona. She gave out a sigh and pulled out her phone again. After a few moments of bouncing from app to app, she realized she was just trying to while away the time and slipped the phone back in her pocket. Taking a breath, she raised her head and looked around in either direction, trying to find anyone she recognized. On not seeing anyone at first glance, she pulled herself off the chair and strolled towards the nearest trash bin to throw out her cans.

Once there, her attention was drawn to a cluster forming off to her side, nearer to the house. In curiosity, Angelica began to approach, trying to sort out the sea of faces illuminated by the yard lights. Drawing nearer, she saw that Brenda Davis had stepped outside, and now her friends were thronging her with congratulations. Brenda—that was someone that Angelica knew, at least, a little. Maybe she could stick around her. As she stepped closer, she put on a big smile and said, “Brenda! Congratulations!”

Brenda replied warmly, “Angelica! Thank you! Thanks for coming.” She pulled Angelica into a one-armed hug, given the lack of personal space.

Angelica tried to make conversation. “So, excited? Princeton’s a big deal! What’ll you be studying?”

“Hi, thanks. Thank you. Oh, sorry, Angelica, what’d you say?” Brenda was clearly distracted by her many invitees and well-wishers.

“I said, what will you be studying?” As she said it, Brenda went in for a hug to a guy holding a Budweiser.

“Oh, uh—thank you!—bio engineering. Hey, Sean! You came!” And with that, she stepped away to continue greeting people, and a girl in a swimsuit with a towel over her shoulders filled in the gap between Brenda and Angelica.

Angelica sighed. So much for that idea. As she slinked off from Brenda’s miniature paparazzi to go get another drink, she noticed her bladder give her a slight tingle. By itself, it meant very little, of course. But given where she was, it served rather to rekindle her memory.

Middle-schooler Angelica was having the best time possible. She and the rest of her classmates had had burgers off the grill, chips, and soda. Then, after waiting at least fifteen minutes (Brenda’s mom had insisted), she had joined the giggling hordes of youngsters flocking the pool. Cannonballing, diving, reverse leapfrog (where instead of jumping over each other’s backs, you swim between each other’s legs), and all other kinds of games followed.

After a while, of course, the general energy began to abate, and various of the guests began to tire of the water and slip out of the pool. Some returned to snacking—making sure not to eat too much before the birthday cake was served—while others retreated indoors to chat, read, or play on the PlayStation. Angelica was still in the pool, floating by holding onto a pool noodle and lazily paddling her legs.

Of course, like most kids her age, she jumped at the chance to have soda on tap and had drunk at least several full cups of it. Being in the pool had gotten most of the burping out of her, but now, as she was suspended in the warm water, she felt signals coming from her lower abdomen. She knew she’d have to make sure to leave the pool and use the bathroom. With her thoughts to herself, she contemplated briefly the idea of just letting loose where she was. Naturally, she had heard of people peeing in the pool before, but the thought of it disgusted her. Ew, no. She’d just make sure to use the toilet after she got out.

At that moment, though, Brenda stepped out of the house with two other friends, carrying a volleyball. She called out, in a voice loud enough for most of the party to hear, “Hey! Everybody! Volleyball game before it gets too dark! Who’s in?”

Several eager voices chimed out, and Angelica’s classmates began to rally towards where the volleyball net was set up. A game sounded like a lot of fun to Angelica, so she raised a hand and shouted, “Me! I’m in!” Hurriedly and awkwardly she sloshed to the edge of the pool and pulled herself up with the ladder, feeling the effects of the sudden loss of buoyancy.

Brenda responded, somewhat to Angelica but also somewhat in general, “Everyone who’s in, meet over at the court.” She began walking in that direction.

Angelica quickly located her towel and started working over her body. Pool water was dripping off every part of her and making a puddle on the tiles. Now out of the water, the late afternoon air made her damp swimsuit very chilly, and her teeth began chattering on their own. She quickly scanned the edge of the house to see where she had set her bag of clothes. Once it was located, nervous that the game would start without her, she dashed to the bag and called over her shoulder, “Just a minute! I’m going to change back into my clothes first.” And with that, towel wrapped around her, she ducked back indoors.

Slipping determinedly down the hallway, Angelica came to the bathroom and pulled on the door handle. It wouldn’t open. She tried it again, harder, before hearing an annoyed boy’s voice come from inside, “Someone’s in here!” Feeling herself blush, she gave back a flustered “Sorry!” and let go of the doorknob. Turning and looking around, she found that the bathroom was off the corridor that ended in what looked like Brenda’s or one of her sisters’ bedroom. Still in a rush, Angelica peered in to the dark interior, and, once satisfied that it was empty, stole inside and closed and locked the door.

As quickly as she could, she put the towel under her, peeled off her swimsuit, and donned her underwear, shorts, and tank top. Now that she was in dry clothes again, she began to feel a bit warmer already. She gave one last squeeze to her hair with her towel before balling it and her swimsuit up and putting them back in the bag. Then, slipping her flip-flops back on, she unlocked the door and briskly returned the way she had come.

Once back outside, Angelica tossed her bag back where it was before, against the wall of the house. The volleyball game hadn’t waited for her long, apparently, as the team picks were already in swing, but she wasn’t too late to jump in. As she did so, smiling widely, she realized that in her rush, she hadn’t actually gone to the bathroom. Well…it was fine, probably. She would just have to wait, is all.

Current-day Angelica brought her thoughts back to the present. As a middle schooler, she hadn’t been as prudent about paying attention to her bladder’s signals. However, ever since meeting Lily Wells a couple of years back, she had grown more attentive to such things. It didn’t help that the reason why she had grown more aware of the state of her bladder was from having accidents herself—on multiple separate occasions. Now that she thought about it, it did always seem to be when she was with Lily. Granted, that didn’t mean much now, considering how often they were together, being best friends—but the fact that she had peed herself when she first met Lily, and then not again until the next time she ran into Lily, a year later...now that seemed like it couldn’t be a coincidence.

The more she thought about it, the more uncomfortable Angelica found it was making her. Not only the discomfort of thinking of her best friend as almost a kind of bad luck charm, but also the discomfort lower down, as her bladder filled up. Angelica looked at the can in her hand, the third Arizona tea she had had tonight. She didn’t even like Arizona tea that much. She had mainly been drinking it out of boredom, and the fact that basically all the other beverages were alcoholic. Shaking the can back and forth in her hand, she estimated that there was about one third of it left. She checked the label. 20 oz. Two and two thirds times twenty…that’d be about fifty-some odd ounces. That…that was a lot. She’d probably be wise to go and take care of business now.

Stirring from where she had been standing idly off from the pool closer by the gate in the fence, she walked around the pool’s tiles to the patio and down the path connecting it to the back door. Stepping up the three steps that led to the stoop, she took hold of the knob and twisted.

It didn’t move.

Furrowing her brow, Angelica tried again. The knob wouldn’t budge. It had clearly been locked from the inside. She peered in through the window beside the door as best she could. From what she could see, the interior was still fairly lit. Why had they locked the door? Granted, from what she could tell, this party was meant to be confined to the back yard, but shouldn’t the door be open for those who needed to use the bathroom, you know, like she did right now? In frustration, she knocked on the door. After waiting nearly ten seconds with no sign of response from inside, she tried again, harder. This time, as she did, she immediately turned to look over her shoulder, feeling a little self-conscious about potentially drawing attention to herself. Thankfully, as far as she could tell, nobody had noticed. She went back to waiting, but again, there was no response.

After trying the doorknob one more time, Angelica stepped back down and stared at the house. Surely, locking the door had been an oversight. If she could find Brenda, Brenda could probably let her back into the house. She raised her head up and roved her eyes back and forth over the numerous faces. It was difficult to identify anyone in the low light, but after about half a minute with no luck, she began walking towards where the party was happening to try to find Brenda. As she did so, she also pulled out her phone to text Brenda. Her bladder’s signals were getting stronger.

She scrolled through her text conversations until she found Brenda’s, the last text being an invite to the party she was now at. Alternately looking at her screen and up at the faces around her, Angelica typed out her message.

Hey, Brenda

Where are you? Your house is locked.

She stood still after sending the message for several moments, waiting for a response. After it became clear she would not receive one immediately, she blew a wisp of hair out of her eyes and went back to searching among the partygoers. Seriously, how could the door be locked at a party? There was no way she could be the only one who would need a toilet, not with all the booze flowing. Her eyes flitted about all the people in and around the pool, and she had a sudden and unpleasant realization. There were probably others who tried the door and found it locked, but rather than make an issue out of it, they just went back into the pool and…ugh. She wrinkled her face in disgust. Good thing she didn’t bring anything to swim in, after all.

Of course, she would be the one who got the short end of the stick, though. Ugh, why did the door have to be locked? And why wasn’t Brenda answering? She had to pee! The memory of that day back in middle school resurfaced, refusing to be ignored, despite her best efforts to repress it.

Middle-schooler Angelica sulked off in the trees by the fence. It was dark by now, though light by the house where everyone was gathered. Everyone but her, of course. She was doing her best to stay out of sight. The sounds of her classmates laughing and making noise as they eagerly ate Brenda’s birthday cake drifted over to her. Soon, she knew, Brenda would start opening her gifts, including the Owl City CD that Angelica had brought for her. When that point came, she didn’t know how she would stay hidden anymore. That didn’t stop her from hiding while she could, though.

Shifting her weight where she was hunched in a crouch by the playhouse, Angelica could feel her shorts squelch uncomfortably underneath her. She had already cried quietly for some time, after which her tears dried, leaving her cheeks sticky and her eyes burning. Since the initial shock, she had continued intermittently to burst out afresh into fearful, self-conscious short fits of pitiful silent sobs. Feeling the wetness press coldly against her skin again, her eyes once again welled up. She couldn’t remember feeling more humiliated in her life.

She had been hiding out among the trees for what seemed like forever, though it was probably a little less than an hour. During that time, her shorts had of course had a chance to dry out somewhat, but as her bladder had continued to fill, Angelica had found herself emptying it again into her clothes, unwilling to venture out and expose herself. The first time, she had tried to hold back, only to suddenly lose control again with a little gasp and feel her urine streaming hotly down her legs and over her feet, rewetting her flip-flops and puddling in the ivy groundcover. After that, she switched to crouching, where it was easier not only to stay hidden, but also to contain her mess. She kept wetting herself periodically, every time she felt the urge to go again. She did so now.

Her shorts went warm again at the crotch and spreading down under the seat of her shorts. A moment later, she could hear the telltale sound of her pee splattering in the leaves under her rear end. The front of her shorts was still damp, though not as obviously wet by now, but she could only imagine how the back looked. She could feel her face flushing hot with embarrassment as she wondered if the white fabric was now see-through or not, and if her yellow underwear could be seen. And…there were boys at this party. Another sob of embarrassment and self-pity caught in her throat and the tears spilled out of her eyes before she was able to stop the flow…both flows.

She could see at a distance that Brenda was now opening her presents. Her heartrate increased as she knew that it was now only a matter of time. Her breathing coarse, she watched. It was agony, not knowing when Brenda would pick her gift. Her thoughts drifted to those sentenced to death in the concentration camps in Russia, and wondered whether it was better to be picked first or last. She couldn’t decide.

As it would turn out, though, Brenda picked her gift third. Angelica could see as Brenda and her mom looked about the group of middle schoolers, unable to find her. Then she saw James stand and whisper to Brenda’s mom. James—so he hadn’t told anyone after all. That at least was something of a relief.

Brenda’s mom began walking out into the yard, and Angelica could make out that she was calling her name. Giving one final pained sigh, she stood from where she was hidden behind the playhouse. As she did so, her pee trickled from the seat of her shorts down the backs of her thighs. She winced and felt her face burning. She was about to give a weak response, but by then Brenda’s mom had seen her. Angelica could also tell, to her dismay, that the rest of her classmates were all watching intently in her direction.

Brenda’s mom walked up to her. “Angelica, what are you doing over here? Are you okay?”

Angelica couldn’t answer. She merely dropped her gaze and shook her head, tears on her cheeks. She could hear Brenda’s mom step up to her, then around behind. Angelica just stood, knowing that her wet bottom was on clear display. She knew the moment Brenda’s mom saw it, because she heard her give out a low “oooohhhhh, Angelica. You wet yourself.”

Angelica could feel her shoulders shaking as sobs began to course through her again. Brenda’s mom took hold of her gently by the shoulders and said quietly, “Don’t worry, dear. I’ll call your mom and have her come pick you up. Give me a minute and I’ll take care of this. I’ll make sure no one sees you.”

It was possibly the best news Angelica could have heard. Unfortunately, it did little at this stage to quell her dejectedness. She stood there still, cold and wet, as Brenda’s mom retreated to the party and began corralling the guests into the house. Alone once more, Angelica let out a plaintive sigh. If it hadn’t been for that stupid door being locked, none of this would’ve happened.

Current-day Angelica sat on one of the canvas chairs, leaning forward. What were the odds that the same door would be denying her a bathroom again? Her bladder was full enough to be uncomfortable now, and she didn’t have any good way of taking her mind off it. Her first texts to Brenda had gone unanswered, so she had followed them up with two more, each separated by a minute or two, before deciding to wait a little longer so she didn’t seem like a nag—or too desperate. She was now rocking backward and forward slightly, trying to keep the pressure off her abdomen.

With a sudden insight, she turned her phone’s screen back on and found her brother in her contacts. She pressed the call button and held the phone to her ear, waiting. After several rings, during which she was afraid it would just go to voicemail, she heard the static sound of the phone being answered, and then Patrick’s voice, “What’s up, Ange?”

“Hi, Patrick. Yeah, where are you?”

Silence. Then, “I’m in the middle of dinner with Liz. What do you need?”

Angelica felt somewhat sheepish. “Is there any way you could come pick me up?”

There was random noise coming from the other end, and Angelica guessed that Patrick had stood up and walked somewhere quieter. His voice came again, with an edge of concern to it. “Are you okay, Ange? Is anyone harassing you there?”

“No! No, no, no, I’m…I’m fine. It’s just…I think I’m probably done for the night.”

“You’re sure you’re fine?” Like most big brothers, Patrick was often a royal pain—but Angelica knew he absolutely had her back.

“Yes, I’m fine. Trust me.” Angelica put on a lilting voice, trying to assuage her brother’s protective instincts.

“Okay, if you say so. But if you need it, just say the word and I’ll come out and break some faces.”

Angelica put a hand on her face. “I know. But seriously, I’m fine. How soon can you be here?”

There was a pause. “Well, I mean, I’m still with Liz.”

Angelica felt a little abashed now. “I, uh, I know. I guess I was just wondering…” She trailed off.

“Maybe…forty-five minutes?”

Angelica weighed the option in her head. A forty-five-minute wait, at least, plus the time it would take to drive home—it would be well over an hour. Not short enough to be a good option. She felt silly for even bringing it up, knowing that now Patrick’s curiosity would be piqued about why she was so eager to get home. “You know what, never mind. It’s okay. Just come when you were going to.”

Patrick gave a confused laugh. “Uh, okay? Sure. You’re sure everything’s all right?”

“Yes, everything is fine. Have a great time with Liz, kay?”

“All right, thanks. I’ll, uh, I’ll see you later, then, I guess.”

“Yup. Bye.”

Angelica pulled the phone away from her face and pushed the end call button. So, heading home was a no-go. Where was Brenda? She scanned the crowd again, but to no avail. Her bladder was by now uncomfortably full. Maybe if she could find Carly again, she would know where Brenda went. Angelica’s eyes went back to scanning the crowd, this time for one of the three girls she had talked to before. She rocked back and forth on her feet as she did so, hands in her pockets. It was getting harder to stand still.

Mere moments later, however, she felt her phone buzz. Excitedly, she pulled it back out and checked the screen. Brenda had texted her back, finally. Opening the text, she read Brenda’s reply.

Hey Angelica, sorry, I had to head out with

My mom to grab some food for tonight real quick.

We should be back in maybe 30 min.

Angelica frowned at the phone. So…why was the door locked? It seemed kind of dumb to abandon your house at your own party. Suppressing her annoyance, she typed back.

Why is your house locked, though?

Is no one home?

A few seconds later, Brenda answered.

My dad should be home. Have you tried

Knocking?

Angelica had to fight the urge to roll her eyes. Wish I’d thought of that.

Yes, I tried. No one answered.

I’ll text him to let you in.

Angelica exhaled with relief and began to casually make her way over to the back door to wait for it to open. Her need for a toilet was steadily increasing, and whereas she wasn’t quite in the danger area yet, she knew that she was rapidly approaching it. She squeezed her thighs together, the material of her shorts rubbing against itself. As her bladder began to hurt, she consoled herself with the prospect of relief being near. Unfortunately, she was also reminded of how it had felt for her last time.

Middle-schooler Angelica was starting to not have quite as much fun. She had made it to the volleyball game in time to not be picked last, but her team had definitely been the worse of the two and lost two games in a row. Now they were in their third, but most of the players on both sides didn’t seem to really be into it anymore.

That alone was not the reason she was not having as much fun now, however. Since she had not had a chance to go to the bathroom earlier, her need to go had been getting steadily greater. All the soda she had had was now making its voice heard in her lower abdomen, and it was making it hard to focus on the game. She had to pee, but she didn’t want to leave in the middle of playing. Instead, she would take the opportunity during lulls in the action (of which there were many, since most of the players were bad at serving) to bend over or rock back and forth on her legs. Now that they were in their third game, though, she had to do it increasingly often and intersperse it with rubbing her thighs. She knew she looked very fidgety, but she still felt embarrassed at the idea of admitting that she needed the bathroom.

As time went on and the score looked increasingly grim, Angelica seriously considered simply abandoning the game altogether. It wasn’t as if they were going to win, anyhow. Moreover, the sun was setting and it was getting harder to see in the dim light. At least the darkness afforded her more opportunity to do her pee-pee dance in place. Surely, if anyone’s attention were drawn to it, it would be nearly impossible at this point to deny the root cause of her hyperactivity.

Just when she was feeling as if she could take it no longer, the announcement came from one of the young people from the other side of the yard that the fire was now ready for s’mores. Peering in that direction, Angelica could see the friendly orange glow of flames in a portable firepit. Already most of the guests were surrounding it, marshmallows on skewers. A table had been set up next to it, stacked with bags of marshmallows, boxes of graham crackers, and mounds of Hershey’s bars.

Once the announcement went out, about half of the volleyball players immediately ditched the court and bounded for the fire, laughing as they went. With the game now unable to continue, the rest of the players began following towards the firepit at a slower pace, some of the ones on the winning team grumbling as they did so. Now was Angelica’s chance. Briskly, but not so fast as to be conspicuous, she cut across the yard toward the back door. Up the three steps, she gave the doorknob a turn—

Locked.

She swiveled her head back toward the fire. From what she could tell, neither Brenda’s mom or dad was there. So, no one to ask to let her in. Then why was the door locked at all? Turning back to the house, she tried to look in through the window. It was still lit indoors, so someone must be inside. She knocked lightly on the door and waited, listening closely for any sound of someone approaching.

She heard nothing.

After waiting long enough to feel she had been polite, Angelica knocked again, louder this time. Still nothing. She switched from her knuckles to her fist and pounded on the door, trying to be heard. With her other hand, she twisted on the doorknob again.

Her bladder tensed up and she had to clench her thighs closed. She waited twenty more seconds, pounded again, and waited again, peering in the window. Couldn’t they hear her inside? Well, if she waited, of course someone was bound to come back out soon and check on all the middle-schoolers left alone with fire. Right? She turned around and leaned one hand on the railing by the door, chewing her lip and wiggling her legs. She would just have to wait…

…but how long?

Angelica kept telling herself that someone surely would unlock the door soon, surely it would be soon—but it had probably been five minutes by now, and she was still standing here. Sweat began to break out on her forehead as she shuffled her thighs back and forth, then open and closed. She really had to pee! Glancing over at the bag with her swim things in it, she remembered her disdain earlier at the idea of peeing in the pool. She couldn’t care less about it now. If she were still wearing her swimsuit, she would dive in and let fly in a heartbeat.

Her eyes darted back to the crowd by the fire, who seemed to all be enjoying themselves immensely, completely oblivious to her plight. Perhaps she should join them. It would help to get her mind off her bladder, after all. Taking a deep breath and squaring her shoulders, she hopped down the three steps and started making her way over to the fire.

Almost immediately, though, she thought better of it. There was no way she could stand there among all her classmates and try to be casual when she had to go this bad. Did none of them need a toilet? Why was she the only unlucky one? If she tried to join in with the rest of them in roasting marshmallows, she would be fidgeting and bouncing the whole time, in clear view by the firelight. No. That was a bad idea. Without even pausing, she made a sharp left and wandered back by the volleyball net, in the darkened half of the yard. She had to keep moving to keep from bursting. As she strode determinedly, she kept her hands in her pockets—partly to look casual, but also, though she didn’t want to admit it to herself, partly to keep from grabbing herself. Her bladder was tingly and in pain now, and as she licked her lips nervously, she just wished that someone would open the door already.

Current-day Angelica was getting impatient. Needles were tingling in her lower abdomen now, and it was virtually impossible to stand still. She did a kind of rocking-in-place-pace, phone in her hand, waiting urgently for Brenda to report that her dad was unlocking the door as she spoke. It had been several minutes, though, and Angelica had heard nothing back. Thinking that maybe it was already done, she went back to the back door and tried it again, with no luck. She also tried knocking again, but with the same complete lack of response as before.

Still, she knew that relief was coming. She would be fine. It wouldn’t be like last time…ugh, it was getting harder and harder to keep that day out of her mind. At least none of her schoolmates had ever found out about it. That would have been absolutely mortifying. She wondered what it would have been like if they had—but no, best not to think about that.

She checked her phone again to see if she had missed anything, even though it had never left her hand. Nothing. She considered texting Brenda again, but then thought that she didn’t want to draw any attention to herself, and after vacillating a moment, decided against it. She’d wait. She would be fine.

That was another thing. Lily wasn’t here. Angelica’s more recent bladder problems had all been in tandem with Lily’s. So she’d be fine. It wasn’t as if she could have a pee accident by herself, after all. It was together. It was together or not at all, and they weren’t together, were they? So it would be not at all.

Thoughts like this flew haphazardly through Angelica’s brain like sparks from a fire. She knew, deep down in the rational part of her brain, that her reasoning made no sense whatsoever. But for now, with her pee swelling up inside her like a stormy ocean, Lily’s absence felt like the far-off light on the shore—offering no safety, only a lifeline of hope. As long as she could keep it in sight, she knew she could make it.

The storm waves, however, were rising, and Angelica, in spite of her hope, was getting increasingly nervous. Was there anywhere else she could go? She remembered when she first met Lily, and how she had had the chance to go pee in the woods, but didn’t think of it. With more experience learned the hard way, she would gladly and readily take such an opportunity now, if it existed. But Brenda lived in the suburbs, and the door in the fence led to the street. There was nowhere nearby that could afford privacy, and it was all private residential property, so no stores which could have a bathroom. She entertained the thought of knocking on a random stranger’s door and asking to use their toilet, then thought that the likelihood of them letting her in, when she had clearly just come from the party where alcohol was obviously flowing freely, was slim at best.

Just then, her phone buzzed again. It was another text from Brenda. Opening it, Angelica read it.

Hey, so my dad apparently also stepped out. He went to pick up some charcoal for a firepit. Sorry about that.

We’re probably closer than he is. Maybe

25 min?

Just great. So no one was home? The only option, then was to wait. Angelica wanted to reply in irritation that Brenda had said thirty minutes over ten minutes ago, but she knew there was no point. Turning off her phone impatiently without replying, she gave herself a full-body shake to try to calm her nerves. She would just have to wait, so that’s what she would do. She would be fine. Of course she would be fine. Nothing to worry about at all.

Her bladder was still stinging and prickling, and Angelica could feel the pressure put on it by her shorts. Looking down, there was a visible bulge. The temptation to unbutton her shorts to relieve the pressure crossed her mind, and she had to fight very hard to resist it. She suspected that if she gave in, her mind would subconsciously interpret it as a sign that relief was imminent and her ability to hold back would abate rapidly. No. Better to act as if she didn’t have to pee at all.

See, that’s it. Fine, just fine. She could do this for hours. Her crotch was burning. No, there was no urgency. She could wait. Tension spread around her groin down into her thighs, making her toes curl. She could just stand still and not think about it. She couldn’t stand still, but instead found herself bouncing in place. No! She’d be fine—Lily wasn’t here! She wouldn’t wet her pants! She wouldn’t!

Just then, her internal reverie was intruded upon. A face she didn’t recognize was approaching her, attached to a gangly young man, probably about her age. He gave an awkward wave hello and a kind of nerdy grin. “Hi, Angelica, right? It’s good to see you again.”

Angelica was displeased at the interruption. Granted, he seemed harmless enough, not obviously hitting on her, like some of the guys had. But she was in no state to have a conversation now! Surely the fact that she was pacing by herself in the dark should have given that away? She forced a fake smile, brushing her hair behind her ear, and tried to quell her fidgeting. “Hey! Yeah, that’s me. And you…are…?”

The young man’s face lit up in surprise and he pointed to himself, as if he were amazed that anyone would ask his name. “Oh me? Me? I’m, I’m James. You remember? We, we used to be in the eighth grade together.”

Now that he had introduced himself, Angelica could see the resemblance. James. Now there was someone she hadn’t thought about for a long time. In fact, her only real memory of him was from when she had last been at the Davises’ house. Great, just what she needed—another reminder of that night. It was almost enough to make her paranoid. Was the entire universe conspiring against her to make history repeat itself? She could feel beads of sweat forming on her forehead, and she put her hands behind her back, trying to subtly rub her thighs from behind. “Oh, yeah! Hi! It’s been a, a l-long time!” She tried to sound cheery, but it was hard to focus on her words.

“Yeah! Like, five years? You know, if it’s possible, you’ve gotten even more beautiful since then? I know, it’s hard to believe.” He smiled in a way that Angelica was sure he thought was suave. She stared at him, half expecting him to follow it up with a “m’lady.”

It was hard for her to maintain her smile and not cringe a little. Clearly, he was not the smoothest stone in the riverbed. Still, he probably meant well, so the least she could do is try to be polite. She would take socially clunky over egotistically womanizing any day. “Ummm…thanks. So…are you in college now?” She winced as a wave of pain passed over her bladder, and she had to bend her legs slightly.

“Nah, college isn’t for me. Don’t get me wrong, I’m sure it’s right for some people. But have you ever met anyone who goes to college? I mean, most of them are just so empty-headed. No, there are some of us for whom college would just be step down.” Uh-huh. So maybe she was wrong about him not being egotistical.

With a slightly passive-aggressive tone, Angelica replied, “Oh, okay. I mean, I plan to go to college in the fall.” She hoped he would take the hint. She also squeezed her thighs tightly together as the pressure of her pee sent shooting pains through her.

“Oh, that’s cool. I’m sure it’ll be great for you, and that you won’t be like most of the idiots there. It’s just—so many teachers just have no idea what they’re talking about, you know? After a while, it gets tiring listening to them.”

Angelica arched an eyebrow. When did James become this much of a tool? Granted, she never knew him all that well, but… “You know, my brother’s about to get his degree, and he’s taught by one of the best experts in the field…”

James cut her off. “So, I’m just waiting for the day when someone recognizes raw talent. It’s like I always say, ‘The world may be built of steel, but people will dig the furthest for diamonds, no matter how rough.’” He gave a smile that indicated that he clearly thought that was very profound.

At this point, Angelica was getting irritated. She tried to give him a hint. “Well, I hope that goes well for you. Enjoy the party!” She turned and resumed her pacing, her legs feeling tense from the amount of urine inside her.

James clearly did not pick up on the message. “Thanks. You know, I haven’t been here since that pool party here back in eighth grade.” Perfect. “It was a birthday party. You were there, remember? You ended up wetting your pants. Do you remember that?” He said it as if he expected them to bond over it, like an old joke.

Angelica was aghast. She turned a face of horrified sensibility on him, hoping that he would finally get a clue and realize that he should just stop talking. What kind of person thinks it’s okay to bring up an embarrassing incident like that? And here—where it was all taking place all over again—what was happening? How was this happening? Forget being polite. In a stern voice that she tried to keep from being a yell, she said curtly, “Go away, James.” When he tried to say something back, it was her turn to cut him off. “No. I mean it. Leave. Me. Alone.”

His face conveyed bafflement and a bruised ego as he turned and skulked away. Angelica, meanwhile, now left by herself, immediately grabbed her crotch tightly, biting her lip as she did so. Why, oh why, did James have to bring that up? Against her will, the memories came—ahem—flooding back.

Middle-schooler Angelica stood there in shock, unable to move, unable even to cry. The tears of fear and embarrassment that she had shed in the moment had stopped, and now she was left with the aftermath. The evening breeze was making her legs feel cold, where the wet fabric clung to her skin. Her flip-flops felt squishy, and she shivered as an occasional last trickle of pee snaked down one of her calves. Her hand was still wedged in her crotch, completely useless at this point, and drops were still dripping from the right cuff of her shorts.

She couldn’t believe it. She was in middle school, for crying out loud. This was supposed to be a fun day, and now…now she had ended up peeing her pants. Why didn’t anyone open the door? Hadn’t they heard her?

She looked down at herself again. Her shorts were obviously soaked in a large wet patch all around her crotch and down her thighs. Her legs and feet were shiny with her pee, and as she squeezed slightly with her left hand, a cascade of droplets showered down into the large puddle underneath her, making ripples in the surface and distorting the reflection of the night sky and her young, humiliated face.

A sudden burst of panic filled her mind. She couldn’t be seen like this. And she had been pounding and pounding on the door—maybe someone was about to open it now? To find her, standing sheepishly, holding herself, with wet shorts and a pee puddle. There was no way. She quickly pulled her hand out of her groin, wiped it with a face of disgust on the hip of her shorts, and turned. She was looking at the ground to keep from losing her footing as she descended the three steps, feet splashing in where the puddle had spread down the stairs, but as soon as she was down, she lifted her head and jumped as she nearly ran headlong into someone approaching. It was James, a boy from her class.

Angelica stood there awkwardly for a split second, face white and jaw slack. James didn’t say anything at first, but then offered a nasally “excuse me” and was about to step around her when Angelica saw his gaze shift down to her shorts. The moment that passed felt like an eternity. His eyes went wide and then he looked back up at her. She knew her face was turning red, and she could feel her lower lip beginning to quiver. Then he moved his head to see over her shoulder, and she knew that the light from inside the house would be clearly reflected on her massive puddle of pee.

Staring back at her again, mouth agape, James said bluntly, “Angelica, did you pee your pants?”

It was too much. Before, in private, she had only felt shock. But now that someone else had seen, Angelica could feel horrible embarrassment welling up inside her, causing her face to go an even deeper red and her eyes to fill up with tears. Even as they began to spill out, she answered in as stern and scary a voice as she could manage, “If you ever say a word about this to anyone, I will kill you.” Try as she might, there was still a quaver in her voice. But she knew that if word got out about this to the rest of her classmates, then death would be a preferable fate.

James didn’t answer, but Angelica couldn’t wait any longer. She turned and ran into the darkness of the far corner of the yard, as the tears began to flow freely and her pent-up anxiety and desperation spilled over into wracking, self-pitying, maudlin sobs. She drew one hand across her eyes to clear her vision and then hugged herself tightly, unable to imagine how things could have gone worse for her. She could dimly make out, through tears and darkness, the small cluster of trees in the corner. The old playhouse was there; maybe she could hide in it until the party was over. Not that she knew what she would do then.

Reaching her destination, she stopped and stood awkwardly next to the trees. She briefly considered taking a seat on the playhouse’s deck, but immediately reconsidered when she saw the layers of dirt on it and imagined how much it would stick to her wet bottom. Instead, she simply walked behind the playhouse and leaned against a tree. Her breathing was becoming more regular now, and her tears were abating again, though her throat was dry and she felt very thirsty. After such a flurry of emotion, it felt strange that now she had to just stay here and wait.

As she stood there, she could see at a distance the back door open. Finally. Brenda’s dad began to step out, saw the puddle, and disappeared back indoors. Angelica could feel her breath catch, not knowing what would happen next. Thankfully, when he returned shortly after, he had a beach towel under his arm, and simply threw it over the puddle. He apparently assumed, what with all the young pool-goers, that it was merely pool water from someone who hadn’t toweled off well enough. That at least was a relief.

Current-day Angelica knew the feeling all too well. The sense of knowing that despite all your efforts to the contrary, all your striving, eventually the battle is over—and you’ve lost. She thought of the soldiers fighting for the South in the Civil War and wondered if they thought they would win. After all, you only fight a battle to win it, right? If there’s no hope of victory…

No! Not this attitude again. She knew from past experience that once she felt defeat was inevitable, it soon followed. She had to keep fighting. She could do this. She could be desperate and for once, just for once, stay dry. She couldn’t wet her pants. Lily wasn’t here.

She had to keep telling herself this, like a mantra, to counteract the jolts of stinging pain that were now periodically pulsating though her lower abdomen and crotch. Her hand was still wedged in a death grip between her thighs, intermittently squeezing. She had to hold on…she had to hold on. Wait…what was she holding on for, again? For a split second, panic seized her brain as she couldn’t remember what her way out of this was. Then it crashed back into her consciousness—Brenda was coming back and would unlock the door. Surely she had to be back soon.

Angelica switched hands to hold herself with and pulled her phone back out of her pocket. Checking the time, she did some quick mental math. Brenda had last said she would be back in twenty-five minutes, and that was about twenty minutes ago. Even allowing for Brenda’s underestimation of time, it should mean that she had to be back soon…right? Angelica bounced up and down and remembered the short story—what was it called?—about a Civil War soldier who was wounded and only survived because he heard that he would live if he could only make it until sunset. In a similar fashion, that hope was now the only thing keeping her from utterly losing control.

Still holding herself, she began to make her way slowly back towards the back door. It would be best for her to be ready once Brenda was back. Taking small steps, all the while shuffling her thighs back and forth and squeezing tightly, she made it to the bottom of the stairs. Staring down at them, she remembered the last time she had been here, and the sight of her urine pouring down the steps in a liberal flow of humiliation. She shook her head, bobbed up and down, and turned around to face literally anything else.

Angelica stood, still bent, staring out at the partygoers, who carried on in blissful ignorance. She bit down on her lower lip as waves of desperation mounted and then crashed over her bladder, each one slightly stronger than the last. She knew it was only a matter of time before she ran out of stamina—it just had to be more time than it would take for Brenda to get back and let her in! Bouncing from foot to foot at the bottom of the stairs, she leaned back, using her weight to press the railing into her crotch from behind. At least this way she could be more discreet.

As she stood there, grinding herself into the iron rail, she kept glancing back over her shoulder at the house, wondering how much longer it would be. She considered texting Brenda again, then thought better of it, then rethought it again and pulled out her phone. Trying not to sound too desperate, she sent off what she hoped was a relatively anodyne question.

Hey, do you know how much longer you’ll be?

Then she waited. Shooting, searing pain was more or less constant now, and she gritted her teeth as she tried to push herself harder into the railing. Her phone buzzed.

Prob 2 more minutes

Angelica felt as though she might shed tears of joy. Relief was in sight. She was going to make it. Lily wasn’t here, and she was going to make it. Her memory of the last time she had been in this scenario resurfaced, but this time, she knew—history was not going to repeat itself.

Middle-schooler Angelica was back at the door now. She had tried to pace in circles in the far end of the yard to keep her mind off her bladder—and to keep in control—while she waited for someone to open the door. It hadn’t happened, though. About ten minutes of pacing and casting furtive glances towards her hope of deliverance, and it hadn’t happened.

What had happened, though, was a steady increase in her own need. She thought she had never had to go so badly before when she first was knocking. But if that were true…well, even if it weren’t true then, it was definitely true now.

She had been walking briskly while her bladder felt like a swollen balloon about to pop. Stinging, shooting pains of desperation had penetrated her lower abdomen like needles of ice. Her walk had morphed into a march, followed by a march with pauses to clench and bounce. How much longer would she have to wait? She had had to squeeze her thighs for all she was worth, scissoring them open and closed to maintain a grip on her sphincter.

But then, after maybe ten minutes of pure agony, it had happened. A new crescendo of desperate pain had mounted, and this time, her response of clenching and bobbing and squeezing had come just a hair too late. Without warning, a strong spurt of urine jetted fiercely past her defenses and into her underwear. In an instant, she could feel the warmth spread itself out in her underwear and begin to get her shorts wet. She had gasped, terrified that it was starting, and squeezed herself with both hands to keep from losing any more.

Of course, now that the seal had been broken, time was rapidly running out. With both hands still firmly fixed in her crotch, Angelica made her way as fast as she could back to the back door. It was her only hope at this point. She could feel tears of pain, fear, and embarrassment welling in her eyes, blurring her vision. As she continued her slow jog over the bumpy ground, they began to spill out and trickle down her cheeks. Tension had spread from her bladder down into her thighs, and all of her muscles were taut.

Finally, she was back at the door. Three quick steps up, and then her right hand was out and banging on the door. At this point, she didn’t care about being seen or about giving a polite pause after knocking. She just had to be heard—now. Her underwear felt squishy now, and her crotch felt like it was on fire. She stood there, bouncing and twisting like a contortionist, thighs clenched tightly together, hammering with her fist as hard as she could. She was right on the brink of a massive pee accident in her shorts, and she knew it. Horrible, agonizing pain coursed through her bladder. Terror surged up inside her, and she began to cry freely now, her face reddening and tears flowing down her cheeks to drip onto the threshold of the door. There was light inside the house—she knew someone was inside—just let her in—let her in, before she wet herself!

Current-day Angelica remembered that awful feeling, the one of right before totally losing control. It wouldn’t happen this time. She would make sure it didn’t happen this time. Not this time! Not again!

Unable to calm her thoughts, she found she was pulling her phone out for the fourth time since receiving Brenda’s text, checking if there were any updates. It had been about two minutes, so hopefully, that meant only maybe two more minutes, maximum. At this point, she was practically counting the seconds. Her heart was throbbing so hard she could feel it in her ears, and her breathing had quickened noticeably. She was chewing on her lip constantly now, and she could feel the sweat on her forehead.

Despite her desperate state, a strange sense of levity passed through her. Relief was near, and how funny was it that it was possible to come so close to disaster? It would be like tales from the war. You may have almost been killed—and that was the difference between tragedy and an entertaining story for family gatherings—that almost.

As if on cue with her sudden optimism, a new sound entered Angelica’s ears from her left. At first she couldn’t quite tell what it was. Then…could it be?...it was! It was most definitely the sound of a car pulling into the driveway. Relief was near! With an immense sigh of relief, she pulled herself off the railing, having to grab her crotch again, and bounded up the steps. She would be ready the instant that door opened.

As she stood and waited anxiously, though, it seemed as though neither Brenda nor Mrs. Davis were in any very great rush. Sure, they probably had to take their time to get out of the car, get into the house, get situated, what have you—but to Angelica, every passing moment was agony. Granted, they didn’t know the state she was in…but could they just hurry up, please? Angelica’s thoughts tumbled randomly in her head. C’mon, c’mon Hurry it up I’m about to wet my pants here No I’m not I’ve made it this far I’m going to make it I’m going to win I can’t wait any longer No, I’m going to make it I’m in control Lily’s not here Lily’s not here

She bounced back and forth. She was so close! The pain in her bladder was worse now than any point earlier this night, but she was about to find relief! Her urine was at the very edge of her sphincter, pushing, pushing, pushing to be let out. She clenched her teeth and told herself that she. Was. Not. Going. To. Pee. With her free hand, she began rapping on the door, in case Brenda had forgotten that she was supposed to open it. A sense of dread began eating into Angelica’s mind as she realized that she was now in the very same exact position she had been in in middle school…right before she peed her pants. It would be different this time, though! It had to be!

Her phone buzzed in her pocket and she stopped knocking for a moment to pull it out. Expecting a text from Brenda, she eagerly opened it up. Instead, what she saw made her heart stop and her face go white. It was a text from Lily, a single line that spelled doom.

I just peed my pants on the way back from the airport

Angelica could feel her blood run cold as her jaw fell open. She had always shared her accidents with Lily, and she had told herself that that was why she would be all right now. But now—now it was clear. She had felt this whole time as though the universe had set this night up specifically for her to repeat history, but that she had overcome and emerged victorious. Now she saw. What she had thought was her rushing toward victory had actually been her plunging headlong into a trap. She had been fooled, and she had lost.

As these thoughts poured into her head, she lost her grip momentarily on her bladder. In that span of time, a hot, rebellious jet of urine spurted into her panties. It lasted less than a second, but it was immediately followed by one lasting longer, closer to two seconds. Angelica gasped and grabbed her crotch hard with both hands. She could feel the warm wetness permeate through the fabric of her underwear and into her shorts, making them damp under her hands. She realized with chagrin that she was still holding her phone, and it was getting wet now—wet with her own pee.

A wildness like that of a caged animal took over her. She still had some fight left in her. The hand that held her phone went back to pounding on the door as hard as she could, all while she bent and unbent her legs, bobbing, twisting, bouncing, clenching, trying as hard as she could to just hold on somehow. A sudden self-awareness pierced her consciousness, and she turned her head over her shoulder, face red, wondering if anyone could see her like this, right on the verge of completely soaking her shorts. But no, thankfully, everyone seemed to be minding their own business. There were fewer people here now, it seemed, as people had been coming and going during the night through the door in the fence. Even now, three people were leaving at that same time that one person was coming in—

Angelica did a double take, unable to believe what she saw. She blinked her eyes, trying to clear them, and then looked again.

It was Brian.

She had had a crush on Brian ever since she had first met him, several years before. Unfortunately for her, one of their earliest interactions had ended with her peeing herself in front of him. Ever since then, she had given him something of a wide berth, even though her feelings hadn’t changed. She had just assumed that he would never be interested in her, and it felt too embarrassing to try to start over. Then he had graduated, and she hadn’t seen him since. Until tonight. Until now, of all times.

Humiliation, pain, and desperation mounted once more. They hovered there for a moment, like a wave about to crash, as Angelica held on as tightly as she could with bated breath. But seeing Brian was the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back, and then…then it was all over.

Middle-schooler Angelica felt her throat constrict as her endurance gave way. There was one final spike of sharp, stinging agony, and then the next thing she knew, she was urinating freely into her underwear. Her tears flowed liberally now, though not as liberally as the flow in her pants. She kept pounding on the door, not knowing what else to do, as her hand grew warm, then hot, and very, very wet. Looking down at herself, she sobbed, “no, no, no,” as she watched her pee work its way through the cracks between her fingers to spray down onto the concrete step.

Current-day Angelica turned her face back towards the door, biting her lip and squeezing her eyes closed as she too felt her resolve and stamina evaporate. There wasn’t even another spurt—instead, her urine broke directly into a full-on flood. Her knocks grew weaker and weaker until she stopped knocking altogether. It was too late now, after all. She didn’t open her eyes, but she could feel her entire crotch, inner thighs, and butt grow torrid with her deluge.

Middle-schooler Angelica couldn’t make herself stop. The wetness had spread down her right thigh before dribbling out from the cuff of the leg. Now she could see it making its way down her left thigh as well, thoroughly saturating the fabric. On her right leg, her pee flowed in courses and rivulets down her calf before splattering across her foot and flip-flop, making them uncomfortable with sizzling moistness. She cried louder and looked back up at the door, banging harder, despite the fact that she was past the point of no return.

Current-day Angelica opened her eyes and looked over her shoulder again, feeling the heat of embarrassment flush over her face. It was a small mercy that from what she could tell, she was still being ignored by the rest of the party. Her bladder was empty enough now that she was able to stop peeing. However, the damp warmth of her panties, the dripping from her shorts, and her worn-out muscles meant that no sooner had she cut off the flow than it began again. She could feel her pee once more spread all throughout her panties before pouring out in a cascade down the gap between her underwear and the right leg of her shorts. A second later, the dripping from the soaked cloth turned once more into a steady stream.

Middle-schooler Angelica could at long last feel the flow lessening and her urine jetting out into her underwear less forcefully as her bladder finally experienced relief. To feel the pain dissipate was almost euphoric, but she was utterly humiliated at having lost control. She kept sobbing as she peed, feeling like a little baby again. Looking down at herself once more as she continued to go to the bathroom in her pants, she could see that her left thigh was also totally wet now, with sheets of pee spraying out from between her thighs and sprinkling widely across the concrete step. There was now a sizable puddle, spreading out to either side of the stairs and pouring down them like a waterfall. At last she finished having an accident, ending with a few final half-hearted spurts. Unable to move yet, she merely stood there, frozen and in shock. She didn’t know it was possible to hold so much.

Current-day Angelica also looked down at herself, watching in dismay as her green shorts went almost black with wetness. Her left thigh was wet all along the inside, and there was a wide stain around her crotch, but the worst damage was on her right thigh. The fabric was completely soaked, not just on the inside of her thigh, but spread around the front and back as well to meet on the outside. Her pee was spraying directly out from the leg down onto her tennis shoe, soaking the material and making her ankle sock hot and squishy. The puddle on the stairs was mainly around her right foot, spreading out to pour over the edge into the grass on the right but also down the stairs somewhat.

At long last, longer than it had taken her to finish as a middle schooler, her urine tapered off. She could feel the weight and heat in her shorts as they were now thoroughly sodden. The dripping continued as she pushed the last few drops out of her bladder and into her underwear. No sense in holding back now.

As she stood there, looking down at the damage in humiliated resignation, Angelica heard the door in front of her unlock and open up. Brenda stood in front of her, silhouetted by the light in the house. Angelica lifted her head, bashful and timorous to see Brenda standing there, completely gobsmacked. The look on her face was one of absolute shock and horror. She looked down at Angelica’s puddle, then up at her face, then down again at her shorts, then up again. Her mouth began to move as if she was trying to form words, but nothing came out. Finally, she managed an aghast, “What happened?”

Angelica took a deep breath to try to keep from crying. She swallowed hard, then responded simply, “You took too long.”

~Aftermath~

Brenda went and found a towel for Angelica to wrap around herself before coming inside. Angelica had to spend a few minutes pleading with her not to tell anyone about what had happened. Eventually Brenda promised, much to Angelica’s relief. Unfortunately, she didn’t feel comfortable lending Angelica any clothes, despite her numerous and vociferous protestations. So the end result was Angelica being stowed away in the bathroom off the master bedroom, where Brenda said she could stay, if she wanted, until Patrick came for her.

Angelica was extremely reticent to tell Patrick what happened, of course. He had already seen her wet herself once, and that was one time too many. So, while cooped up in the bathroom, she removed her socks and shoes, gingerly peeled off her soaked shorts and underwear, and found a towel. She tried to squeeze as much excess urine as she could out of her wet clothes, though the tennis shoes had to be considered a loss, and hung them over the curtain bar on the bathtub. This bathroom had a separate shower cubicle, which she now used to clean herself.

As she rinsed away the vestiges of her accident, she thought back on the events of tonight. Being forced to relive such a humiliating memory in such a point-for-point reenactment had been horrendously embarrassing, of course. Oddly enough, however, at this moment, with it behind her and warm, soapy water embracing her, she felt at peace. It was a surprising realization, and she tried to sort through her feelings, wondering what brought about this unnatural tranquility. As she attempted to analyze her own thought patterns, they kept pointing in one direction.

It was from seeing Brian again.

Angelica scrubbed her legs, baffled by her own emotions. How could it be that she hadn’t seen Brian in over a year, and she was still so affected by him? How was it that she had had such an embarrassing incident in front of him when they still barely knew each other, and it didn’t dampen her feelings?

And if her feelings hadn’t changed…why did she avoid getting to know him better when she had the chance?

Something that felt like hope burst open inside her, like dewdrops coruscating off a flower shaken in the breeze. She felt suddenly fresh and light and, most surprisingly, cheerful. It wasn’t too late. Brian was no longer in high school? Well, neither was she. She was sure there had to be some way of reconnecting. And then…just maybe…

Angelica felt a smile creep up on one side of her mouth. Somehow, even the very real possibilities that he would have a girlfriend or just plain wouldn’t be interested seemed remote and untroublesome. She had just all but admitted to herself that she had feelings for Brian, and nothing could darken her mood now.

Of course, she couldn’t try to contact him tonight, not when she was holed up waiting for her clothes to dry. Having stepped out of the shower and toweled off, she proceeded to sit on the bathmat, naked, and wait for when Patrick would be here to pick her up. She guessed (and hoped) that her clothes would be dry enough by then to only be wet to the touch. Maybe she could pull off not being detected.

Sitting there with her phone trying to pass the time felt like the worst waiting room ever. Angelica immediately searched in her contacts, found Brian’s, hovered over it, and then thought better of it. A few minutes later she did the same, before making up her mind and telling herself firmly that she would text Brian tomorrow. It would be something to look forward to. Instead, she texted Patrick, telling him to call when he was outside.

It was over an hour later when he did call. During that hour, Angelica had put her bra and shirt back on, used the bathroom again a couple of times, drunk water from the tap, and browsed Instagram and YouTube. When the call finally came, she felt her heartbeat quicken as she now had to leave the bathroom, and she could only hope the evidence of her accident wouldn’t be noticed.

She slipped her panties back on easily enough, although of course they were very disagreeably cold and damp. Almost immediately after donning them, though, they warmed up from her body heat and instead merely felt gross. Her shorts were also still very damp and felt decidedly colder, but she gave a little sigh of success as she turned back and forth, looking at herself in the mirror, and determined that for all intents and purposes, there was no visible wet spot, at least not in the darkness. Her socks and tennis shoes felt worst of all, but she needed to put them back on to avoid suspicion. Finally, content that she would pass a cursory visual inspection, Angelica took a deep breath and stepped out.

She tried to avoid contact with anyone on her way out, even Brenda. As she passed through the back yard again towards the door in the fence, she kept her face forward, resisting the urge to look for Brian—and trying not to be seen by him, either. As she reached for the door in the fence, she nearly bumped into someone coming out at the same time. Hearing a familiar “excuse me,” she looked to see who it was. It was James again.

As soon as he saw it was Angelica, James’s face darkened. Not saying anything, he simply took a step back and motioned with his hand for her to pass first. Angelica thought back to their earlier interaction with the same newfound clarity she had found when showering. Sure, James had been a huge jerk, but she also had been rude. At the very least, if he didn’t know how to interact socially, maybe the best thing would be for him to see what an apology looked like.

She cleared her throat and looked him in the eye. “James, I’m sorry for being so rude to you earlier. It…it was uncalled for. Would you…forgive me?” It of course felt weird to say, but her conscience now felt lighter as a result.

Angelica couldn’t quite place the look on James’s face. It seemed kind of like shock, kind of like suspicion, kind of like fear, but also kind of like softness. Maybe most of his self-sufficient condescension came from a kind of resentment, a resentment borne out of inept social graces. Maybe, just maybe, this was one of the few times someone had treated him like a person, instead of like a collection of annoying quirks. His mouth was open, but he stared in silence. At last, he managed a small “sure.”

Angelica smiled. It was good to clear that up, but it was also best for that to be the end of the conversation. She nodded, said a confident “thank you,” and walked through the door in the fence. Patrick was waiting for her.

As they began driving, Angelica made sure the windows were cracked open, ostensibly because it was a warm night, but in reality to diminish any smell from her damp clothes. At the same time, she noticed that she was starting to need to pee again. After the ordeal from earlier, her muscles were tired and more sensitive. However, since the ride home would only be about half an hour, she didn’t think anything of it. She was, however, reminded of Lily’s text from earlier, which she had never responded to. Opening her phone, she sent off a text.

How? What happened?

She had to wait a minute for Lily to answer. It was fairly late by now, after all. She also questioned whether talking to Lily about this was a good idea, as her own bladder was refilling. Finally, the response came.

I had to pee really bad

And then we got stuck in traffic

So yeah

Angelica could imagine that kind of agony. She had never peed herself in traffic before, but she had definitely been caught in traffic with a full bladder. She was about to send off a response when she was thrown forward in her seat by Patrick rapidly braking. The sudden pressure on her abdomen caused her to gasp and she looked up. Out of nowhere, the almost-empty late-night highway lanes had become clogged with bumper-to-bumper congestion. She heard Patrick let out an annoyed “crap!” at the delay.

Angelica felt an uneasiness stir inside her, the first dark cloud to trouble her earlier good mood. She tried in vain to see an end of the long line of red brake lights stretching out in front of them. Her bladder felt like it was tightening, and she gave it a quick squeeze. In a wavering voice, she asked, “Where did all this traffic come from?”

Patrick sighed. “No idea. My guess is there was an accident that’s blocking lanes.” He leaned his head on his hand against the window.

Angelica felt perturbed. Something about this seemed wrong. She wasn’t desperate, it wasn’t that—but this felt too…close, too coincidental. Maybe she was becoming paranoid, but she felt troubled. Looking down at her phone again, she asked Lily.

Do you know what caused the traffic?

She waited, in suspense. Eventually, Lily’s answer came.

There was a wreck that blocked two lanes

I think

Angelica leaned back in her seat. She knew it. There was something about tonight, something she couldn’t explain, that was making her life mirror past events. First the whole ordeal at the Davises’, and now Lily’s recent experience. She had tried to resist in the first situation. She had tried, and she had failed. She had fought and lost. Now she would be forced to undergo another trial? No. No, she didn’t have it in her anymore tonight. Better to just get it over with.

She gave a sigh as her sphincter relaxed once more, feeling the same familiar sensation of hot urine flood her clothes. Her panties rapidly re-saturated, and the wetness spread down under her butt to create a puddle on the faux leather seats. She could feel her pee spreading also out from her crotch, turning the fabric almost black again. Her face went red again as she could hear the definitive hssss of her urine escaping. Her pee flowed up to the edge of her seat and began to trickle off as well, streaking down both calves. Unlike earlier, this accident did not last nearly as long, and so she had already just about finished by the time Patrick realized what was happening. He sat up straight with a start and stared down at her crotch in shock, then up at her face.

Angelica could tell she was blushing as she brushed her hair behind her ear. But she had almost run out of energy to be embarrassed by this point. She shifted in her seat, hearing the squelch of her puddle around her butt, and merely let out, “I’m sorry. I wouldn’t have been able to hold it.”

Then, with no further explanation, she turned forward again, to face the long line of traffic reaching off into the night.

*021*2020-01-12 13:49

Hi, all! I'm sorry about the next chapter taking so long...I had writer's block for over a week straight. Anyhow, it is now up, on a new posting that I made. You can find it here: https://www.omorashi.org/topic/56670-angelica-and-lily-with-tags/

I decided to make a new posting because I simply couldn't figure out how to add tags once I had made the posting. I hope you all enjoy it!

