Journey to Arnwick - Page 2

Author: DsGSilver

*034*2018-04-27 21:15

This is not exactly what I expected the discussion would look like, but it made me laugh.

Anyway, it looks like you guys don't mind male scenes too much, so there will likely be some more of them. The story will still primarily center on female characters and their accidents, of course, so don't worry if male scenes just aren't your thing.

Thanks for the feedback! I want to get the content train up and rolling again, so I'm happy to say that work has already begun on the next chapter.

*039*2018-05-12 06:28

{{On 5/10/2018 at 1:13 AM, Zabrak said:

Uh. Didn't mean to cause an argument, I crossdress myself and pretty much call myself a trap so I don't consider it offensive, sorry if I offended anyone lol.

It's my birthday tomorrow so pls update the story dsg just for me :^)

}}

Sorry it's a little bit late. Happy birthday!

I think this chapter is a little bit shorter than the others, and it might have a little less omo content, but it's leading into a big chapter. Given the support it received last time, there is a bit of male omo (wetting and messing), but it's still mostly female. And, in case anyone was wondering, the male character featured here likely will not become a permanent member of the cast. Tabitha will, though.

Hope you all enjoy!

###

Through her eyes, it watched.

Through her ears, it listened.

Through her hands, it felt.

She had seen it. Laid her eyes upon it, and not perished. She, sword held high, challenged and vanquished the great beast it had set upon her.

She had seen it, and yet, the madness did not take root immediately. Her heart did not burst, as so many others had. But the demon could sense it, the festering seed had been planted inside of her mind, and soon its walls would collapse, and the demon could feed on her insanity.

It was perfectly content to feast slowly.

###

Tabitha jolted awake, panting heavily. Sweat covered her body, despite the chill of the room. Her rest had been plagued with nightmares that shook her to her core. Nightmares were common among the more junior practitioners of witch hunting, but she had not been so unfortunate as to suffer from them for many years, now. And even so, this one was… different. Nondescript. That was the only she could think to describe it. Voices just at the edge of hearing, and flickers of movement just at the ends of her vision. The harder she listened and stared, the less comprehensible the things around her became.

It was… nothing. There were no terrifying monsters; no accusatory shouts; no bad memories. Just… things too far away to be seen or heard.

So why did it fill her with so much anxiety and terror? Her heart beat both fast and erratic, feeling as though, at any moment, it could beat so rapidly as to burst through her ribs, or to simply stop beating entirely. She steadied her breathing, rubbed her temples, closed her eyes and took as deep a breath as she could, until her body had settled down.

Once her senses had fully returned, she wondered to herself just how much she had pissed the bed during the nightmare. After the events of the previous night, she had finally decided to trade her clothes out and have hers be washed. The townspeople were more than happy to supply her with a (mostly) clean ensemble in the meantime, although it turned out to be a struggle to find clean trousers amongst the townspeople. Doubly so for panties. Tabitha threw the blanket aside, preparing for the worst.

While her bladder had, indeed, emptied its contents into her white underwear, she was pleasantly surprised to see that her wetting during the battle had left her with very little urine to stain her new panties. Well, as “pleasantly surprised” as one can be to recall such a thing. The fabric around her groin was wet, but the stain did not spread much further. As relieved as she was not to have a total accident on her hands, she cringed, knowing that she would stuck in these panties for the rest of the day.

Deciding that the best course of action was to ignore the dampened state of her underwear, she rose from her bed, and got dressed. She had elected to only borrow panties and trousers from the villagers, not wishing to take too much of their already dwindling supplies. Her hat, coat, and doublet all remained the same, but now black pants adorned her legs. She remembered a lecture her old mentor had given her, half-joking and half-serious, about how witch hunters always wore black trousers to hide their accidents.

Once she was dressed and had her equipment, she left the inn, in which the owner was allowing her to stay, free of charge; as thanks for her efforts in defending them. Every step was courteous enough to remind her of the wetness between her legs, but she had long since learned not to let such discomfort show.

The villagers were rebuilding and preparing for the next onslaught as best they could, but resources, morale, and, most importantly, time were all on short supply. Even with her there, they could only withstand one or two more of these attacks. None, if that strange demon reappeared.

A spike of panic shot through her as she recalled the winged demon. The sudden fear, the way it caused her body to falter, Tabitha was certain it was unnatural. Perhaps some manner of cognitohazard, a curse that harms or kills simply by observing, or even remembering the thing carrying it. But only a monstrously powerful demon would be able to create such a curse. And demons were not her prey.

Tabitha’s vocation had always been witch hunting. Always would be. In all her life, the only type of cognitohazard she’d ever seen was a witch’s amulet that paralyzed any who looked upon the wearer. But it was a weak curse, and of all her peers, Tabitha was easily the most skilled at repelling curses, hexes, and spells. With a quick dispel, the amulet’s effect was nullified on her, and she was able to slay the witch. Conversely, James and Madeleine, her partners, were struck by the curse, and both completely motionless for a full day. By the time they were free, both of them had been unable to keep their hold on their bladder or bowels, and both needed a change of pants. They received no small amount of teasing from Tabitha about it.

Indeed, she was well and truly out of her depth, here. She would need someone versed in demon killing to stand a chance.

“Emily!” Came a familiar, worried voice. Emily’s mother was again searching for her lost daughter. Though now, Tabitha shared in the mother’s worry. Had Emily still not returned? That was bad. The village only had one tracker, the bowman who was pounced by a crawler, and Tabitha had already sent him to look for the woman. If she truly was still in the wilderness during the attack…

God help her.

###

Hazel, Alma, and Eliza were all visibly on edge as they approached the village. A broken sign on the outskirts bore the name “Hadens-” the rest of the name was visible on a piece of the sign that had been broken off, “-brook”. The village itself was, to put it generously, in shambles. Several buildings were heavily damaged, some were even completely destroyed. The group walked further in, fully entering the town, and its sorry state was made clear for them. Near to half the town was in absolute ruins. Those ruins were utterly saturated in old, drying blood, and tatters of clothes, discarded weapons, and other detritus littered the area.

Each of them tensed when the first person came into view. None of them had forgotten the last “friendly face” they met. Hazel felt an odd sort of assurance from this place. It was making no attempt to hide its disrepair and ruin. There was no attempt to deceive them. As odd as it was to be happy that half of the village you were visiting had been reduced to rubble, Hazel couldn’t help but breathe a bit easier.

“Pardon me...” Came a woman’s voice, catching each of them off guard.

They each whirled around to see a woman, dressed much like Alma, in the garb of a hunter, approaching them. Though she wasn’t showing any hostility, the stranger very clearly had her hand resting on her sheathed sword, clearly as anxious about this meeting as they were. “My name is Tabitha. I’ve been protecting this place.” She ran her eyes over them, carefully studying each of them. She stopped when she reached Eliza, and glared at her sharply. “May I ask, are you the ones responsible for killing the shapeshifter that had been haunting the road?”

“We are,” Alma answered, “This one, specifically,” she pointed to Eliza.

She took a moment to consider this, before replying “Well done,” Tabitha continued to glare at Eliza, and Hazel could tell that Eliza was shrinking away under her gaze.

“So...” Hazel began, “we were told that your village was being attacked?”

“What gave it away?” Tabitha said with a chuckle, motioning to the ruins around her. “Yes. Hadensbrook has been besieged by the undead every night for some time, now.”

“Well, Tabitha, we’re here to help however we can,” Alma said.

Tabitha looked sadly at Alma’s broken arm, clearly upset that her reinforcements were not as formidable as she’d hoped. She closed her eyes and nodded, “Thank you. Please follow me, we have a few things to go over.” She led them towards what appeared to be a town hall.

###

“An incredibly powerful demon is behind the attacks, you say?” Alma intoned. Hazel noticed that at almost every mention of the winged demon, Tabitha seemed to shudder slightly.

“Y-yes. Whatever it was, it was the the most powerful creature I’ve ever seen...” Another shudder.

“Alma,” Hazel looked to her friend, and could see in her eyes that Alma was having the same thought as her, “Do you think it could be the same one that’s destroyed Arnwick?”

This suggestion caught Tabitha’s attention. Alma simply nodded, “I do, Hazy. Or, if not, it’s almost certainly connected.”

“You three slew the shapeshifter,” Tabitha said with some admiration, “I was hoping you’d be able to slay this demon, too. I will assist you, of course.”

The three of them were quiet for a long moment, until Alma spoke, “By no means will this be simple or easy...”

“It never was,” Tabitha replied.

Once again the room fell into silence as everyone considered the situation. Tabitha was looking at them with waning hope. Alma was deep in concentration. Curiously, Eliza seemed especially reserved. Her arms were crossed tightly over her chest, and she was looking towards the floor. Hazel could swear she saw a few drops of sweat on her forehead. Hazel could hardly fault them for the somber mood in the room. They were expecting a powerful enemy, but not one that could materialize a legion of the dead with a flick of its wrist. Certainly not one that stopped your heart if you so much as looked at it. Apprehension was only natural.

“Alma,” Hazel’s voice was as encouraging as she could make it, “We finally know what caused all of this. We’re not going to just...”

“Give up?” Alma finished, “No, Hazy. We’re not. But this might be more than we can handle. Evacuating the village may be the only solution.”

Tabitha sadly shook her head, “I’d considered that, but we’d just be attacked by the undead in the woods. The buildings make for good fortifications and safehouses. If we just walk all these people into the monster’s domain… It would be a slaughter,”

“M-might be a way...” Eliza’s quiet, shaky voice was barely audible.

“What did you say Eliza?” Hazel asked.

“T-there might be something I can do...” Eliza was shrinking further and further under Tabitha’s gaze.

“What can you do?” Tabitha asked, just a bit too harshly.

“I’d need to s-see it… the winged demon,” Her answer caused Tabitha’s eyes to widen at the thought of facing it again.

“Was my description of my own heart stopping inadequate?”

“Y-yes...” Hazel felt sorry for the poor woman. Whatever animosity existed between Eliza and Tabitha, it clearly had Eliza about to wet herself. “I need to see it… experience it. Then I think I can counteract it.”

“We’d never get close, otherwise,” Alma concluded.

“We’ll need some sort of plan, then,” Tabitha said. She seemed a bit more lively, now. Perhaps even such a vague assurance of the possibility of victory was enough to galvanize her.

The four of them began to discuss the plan of attack. As much as it pained them, they had to admit that Alma was going to be nearly useless in the conflict, with her shattered arm. She proposed that she stay behind, and help train the villagers to defend themselves. Very few of them were at all able to fight, and they would need every able-bodied adult to assist in the next attack. Hazel and Eliza would go with Tabitha to search for the winged demon, despite how uncomfortable it made Eliza and Tabitha to be in each other’s company. With any luck, the bowman would return before they departed, and could help them track the demon down.

Their plan was simple, but it was something. Once it was set, everyone set about preparing for the eventful night. Hazel was quickly pulled aside by Tabitha, though.

“Your companion, Eliza, is her name, yes?”

“Yes, what about her?” Hazel was quite curious to know why the two seemed to dislike each other.

“Are you aware that Eliza is a dangerous witch?”

Oh. Oh dear. “Hardly dangerous. Not to us, at least.”

“No such thing as a witch that isn’t dangerous, Hazel. And I am not happy about the fact that she will be joining us. The first chance she has, I promise you that she’ll slip a knife into your neck.”

Hazel was offended at Tabitha’s words, and rushed to defend her friend, “She’s had a number of chances already, Tabitha. And every time, she came to our rescue. She’s saved both of our lives several times, and she’s pledged to help us kill the demon.”

Tabitha’s dissatisfaction was etched into her face, “I will trust you, Hazel. But if she betrays us, I will put her down.”

Hazel was suddenly questioning her decision to assist the town. Through gritted teeth, she said, “We really should finish preparing.”

“Of course. Be ready in a couple of hours,” Tabitha turned about, and walked away.

“T-thanks...” Eliza said, quietly, surprising Hazel. Eliza was very good at keeping out of sight.

Hazel felt herself blush knowing that Eliza had heard what was said, though as she faced her friend, she could see that Eliza was blushing far more intensely. “Oh! Eliza! I didn’t know-”

“She’s a witch hunter,” she interjected, “And a good one, at that.”

“How could you tell?”

“When she greeted us, I could feel that I was being suppressed. She was using some trick to keep my charms from working. Only skilled witch hunters can do something like that.”

Hazel silently regarded her friend for a bit, until Eliza spoke again, “I… I won’t betray you… You know that, yes?” Eliza actually briefly looked Hazel in the eyes, a rarity from the shy witch. Hazel could sense the honesty in her words.

“I know, Eliza. I trust you,”

The young witch smiled, “Thank you, H-hazy,” She stumbled a bit as she called her by her nickname for the first time. Before Hazel could respond, Eliza quickly added, “I-I need to go prepare some potions and charms,” before hurrying off.

###

How does Alma carry this contraption around all the time?! Hazel wondered, feeling the pain in her arms from carrying around the heavy crossbow. She couldn’t put the weapon away, because the undead could attack at any moment, now that they were in the forest once again. Walking right beside her, Eliza seemed to be growing tired, as well.

Matthew, the bowman Tabitha mentioned, had actually returned from some sort of hunt, though apparently empty-handed, much to Tabitha’s dismay. He was a fairly young man, roughly the same age as Hazel, with short black hair. She couldn’t help but notice that, despite his obvious skill at traversing the wilds, he and Tabitha both were extremely anxious. Whatever things they had seen, they clearly were not eager to see them again.

But, in all honesty, this stretch of forest felt just like the rest to Hazel: foreboding, haunted, and deadly.

Matthew came to a sudden stop, and signaled for them to do the same. He was listening for something. Hazel looked around herself, unsure of what she was supposed to be hearing. In a flurry of motion, Matthew spun around, bow and arrow ready, before pulling the string and loosing the shot into the brush. A wet thwack was heard, and Hazel approached it very slowly. Parting the plants, she saw a thin, heavily rotted corpse with an arrow now jutting from its skull.

Hazel had never seen, nor smelled an undead before, and she stumbled backwards, gagging heavily. Eliza caught her before she fell down.

“Lightweight,” Matthew teased.

“Isn’t that the same kind of creature that made you soil your trousers to the brim, last night?” Tabitha teased right back.

“... Fair enough” He conceded.

Eliza helped steady Hazel as she walked for a moment, as she still felt sick from seeing the thing. If that was what she could expect to be facing, she felt certain there was no way she was getting through this without throwing her guts up.

The group continued on their path, having to stop every so often while Matthew attempted to ascertain where to go next. As skilled a hunter as he was, Hazel suspected that hunting a greater demon was something he was rather unaccustomed to.

Tabitha gave a short gasp, catching Hazel’s attention, “What’s wrong?”

“We are close,” Tabitha replied, “I can sense them.”

“How?”

“My sword, it… tells me, so to speak.”

“I see,” Hazel did not see.

“There are enemies ahead. Several of them. Ready your arms, everyone.”

Hazel ensured the crossbow was loaded, and that her spare bolts were within reach. She had a knife on her belt, as well. Eliza was carrying a wide variety of potions and other vials, and similarly had a knife. Matthew’s bow was already raised and ready. Tabitha’s strange sword almost seemed to heat up the air around it as she drew it from its sheath. It was an impressive weapon, to be sure.

They came upon a cliff face that rose a good ways into air above them. Tabitha had taken the lead of the group, apparently being guided by her sword’s “senses”. She lead them to a large cave opening. A fetid odor issued from inside, making Hazel suppress the urge to retch. It was the stench of death.

Tabitha took a deep breath, clutched her sword tightly, and entered the cave. With no small amount of hesitation, the others followed.

###

It watched with glee as she led them into the forest- into its home.

It took interest in the young witch. A lost little sheep, being led by an unwitting shepherd.

It would have her, or it would end her.

Not much further…

They just needed a little push.

###

The inside of the cave was a horrific display that Hazel would remember as long as she lived. Bodies, some looking only days old, some decayed down to skeletons with only ragged clumps of flesh, hung from the walls, or sat in heaps and piles around the cave. Cages and twisted tools of torture littered the area alongside them. Ungodly sigils and glyphs were etched into the walls, the tools, and even some of the bodies.

Hazel insides felt like they were spinning as she began gagging once more. Eliza had managed to keep from getting sick, but she was clearly unsettled, and had gone pale. Despite their earlier posturing, even Tabitha and Matthew had been disturbed by their surroundings.

“Stay close. Do not stray far,” Tabitha ordered. No one else felt like speaking, if they even could.

The pain in Hazel’s arms and legs had been replaced by near numbness. She’d been afraid before. She’d been in danger before. Yet, try as she might, she could not recall a single time or place that screamed “You will die here” louder than this Godforsaken cave. Once again, the crossbow’s rattling betrayed her fear. She took several steps closer to Eliza, who only gave her a sidelong glance. Normally, she wouldn’t allow anyone to get so close to her.

Ahead of them, Matthew crouched to inspect an old skeleton with an unholy symbol carved into its skull. As he reached his hand towards it, before even touching it, the skull popped off and clattered loudly to the ground. The mark on its forehead lit up with a fierce orange glow, and Hazel heard rattling around them.

From a nearby corpse pile, a skeletal hand burst forth, and pulled its owner from the depths of the pile. It was heavily decayed, only bone left in some places. All around them, similar ghouls were waking from the dead. Most of them had weapons, swords and bows, mostly.

The partial numbness Hazel had felt was replaced by total numbness. She shook with fear, and felt tears forming in her eyes. A sensation broke through the numbness: a warm feeling on her legs. Her bladder failed completely, and was violently soaking her legs and pants in her own piss. The stream was fast, and the fabric between her legs was quickly saturated. She could barely even feel her accident, as her attention was still seized by the danger she was in; to her, she could just feel a warm sensation covering the inside of her legs.

Tabitha quickly dispatched a few ghouls with her blade, and turned to look at Hazel. She must have seen that Hazel was paralyzed and wet with fear, for she ran towards her and decapitated a ghoul who was primed to strike the frightened merchant. Continuing to defend her, Tabitha circled around and fought an enemy behind her. Hazel’s eyes wandered around the battle before her. Matthew was dodging left and right, firing arrow after arrow as he did. Tabitha was fighting ghouls behind her. Eliza…

Eliza!!

Eliza was slinging one of vials, spewing its contents onto a small group of ghouls. It burned them, and seemed to kill them as they crumbled to the ground. She struggled to grab another, and more and more ghouls were approaching the young witch.

“I know that you’re very brave, even if you don’t,” Alma’s words echoed in her mind, breaking through the terrified fog that otherwise filled it. Hazel swallowed, and took a deep, deep breath. Trying to match the stance Alma had shown her, Hazel lifted up the crossbow, and took aim into the cluster forming around Eliza. She fired, and smiled broadly as the silver bolt passed clean through the first ghoul and into a second, killing both. Some of the cluster turned to face her, exactly as she’d hoped.

Except…

She didn’t know what to do from there. She struggled with reloading the crossbow, especially under pressure, so the first shot was very likely to be the last. She had a silver knife, but… Looking into the swinging claws and gaping mouths of the ghouls, she felt a familiar warmth around her groin as her bladder leaked whatever urine was left in her. She was much too afraid to do something like that.

But, much like the first group to attack Eliza, this one suddenly howled and groaned in pain, then collapsed. Dead. Eliza stood there, clutching an empty vial. Hazel had bought her enough time, it seemed. With the two of them secure, the fight largely evolved into Tabitha and Matthew slaying the bulk of the undead while Hazel and Eliza provided support and picked off stragglers. After several agonizing minutes that felt more like hours to Hazel, it was over, and no more of the dead stirred.

Everyone was panting heavily, there was no other noise, until Tabitha spoke, “Everyone… All right?”

“I’m good,” Matthew said.

“Not hurt,” Hazel said, her hands resting over her soaked crotch. She knew it wouldn’t divert attention away from it, but she couldn’t help but try to cover her accident.

“F-fine,” Eliza choked out quickly.

“Good,” Tabitha continued, picking up her sword, “We still have work to do. The presence I felt is still here.”

Hazel was almost hoping Tabitha would order a retreat so they could return with reinforcements, but she knew they couldn’t leave until their task was finished. Once everyone had caught their breath, they continued, deeper into the nightmarish cave.

As they walked, Eliza was quietly observing the many symbols covering the walls. After some time, she leaned in to whisper to Hazel, making sure that Tabitha could not hear, “I know these symbols. They’re all necromantic in origin.”

“Necromantic?”

“I think this is where they’ve been making all the ghouls, the winged demon may not be the one creating them.”

“We should tell Tabitha,” Hazel quicked her pace for a split second before Eliza gripped her shoulder.

“I don’t want to...” Eliza said, looking at the ground.

“Why not?”

“She’s a fool. She’ll just use it as evidence that I’m with the people doing this.”

“Eliza, I won’t let her hurt you, you know.”

“... I know.”

“So let’s tell her; this is important. I can do it, if you want,” Hazel gave the witch a caring look.

“... Please do.”

Hazel quicked her step once more, catching up with Tabitha, who turned to look at her. “Er, Ms. Tabitha?”

“Yes?” The witch hunter had an oddly patient tone to her voice.

“Eliza was analyzing the… symbols present in this cave, and...” She trailed off for a moment as she noticed Tabitha’s expression souring at the mention of the witch, “... And she believes this may be the place where the ghouls attacking your village are being made. The winged demon might not be the one doing it.”

“I saw the winged demon do it,” Almost immediately, her patience had worn thin. This creature must have truly, truly traumatized her.

“You s-saw it raise a single, colossal ghoul...” Eliza cut in, and she gasped sharply as Tabitha’s eyes jumped to her.

“Would it not be reasonable to assume it can raise others, as well?”

“W-well, yes, it may be able to, but...”

“Then your theory is just a potential complication we can do without.”

Eliza just exhaled in exasperation, and looked downwards. Hazel slowed down and regrouped with her friend.

Only a short couple of minutes later, they came upon a large, sealed door. It was made of black stone, and stood taller than a man. Four circular indentations were present on its surface. Matthew and Tabitha set about trying to push and pry it open, but it would not budge. Hazel looked around the cave, but she could find no other paths to take. Eliza seemed lost in thought.

Tabitha and Matthew began to search for hidden mechanisms to open the door, and Eliza stepped closer to study it. She drew her knife suddenly, and stabbed it into her finger. Hazel walked up to her to see if she was okay, but the young witch quickly set to work using her bloody finger to draw some sort of shape into one of the indentations. Finishing that one, she moved on to the next, filling it with a different symbol. She did the same for the next two, wincing a bit from the pain in her finger.

A loud clicking and even louder THUNK resounded from within the door, and a seam formed vertically, down the center. It was unlocked.

“What did you do?” Hazel asked, impressed.

“The door required a kind of password. It was a simple disavowal of everything holy and fervent praise for the kings of the dead,” she said as if it were the simplest thing in the world.

“Things I’m not surprised you’re familiar with,” Tabitha said as she approached the opened door. Eliza ignored the remark. Tabitha gave the doors a solid push, and they opened inwards. Hazel’s nose was again assaulted, though this time with the smell of chemicals. A heavy odor of sulfur filled the room.

The room itself was, in a way, more terrible than the rest of the cave. Black stone columns reach to the ceiling, lit torches resting in sconces around them. The fires burned more red than Hazel thought they should. Strange alchemical laboratories and large, unpleasant apparatuses lined the walls. These were not the tools of simple butchers, but of very skilled, very evil people.

Each of them readied their weapons as they explored the large chamber. A strange mist filled the room, leaving one unable to see from one end to the other. They arrived at the center of the chamber, a massive pentagram emblazoned onto the floor.

“How fortuitous...” Came a rasping man’s voice, seemingly from all around them. “Ordinarily, the ghouls are only able to bring back the scraps of talented individuals,” The speaker emerged from the mist. A tall man in a dark purple robe. It obscured every part of his actual flesh. Chains levitated around him as he glided forward.

“How I look forward to dissecting them...” Came a rasping woman’s voice. Much like the other, the speaker was completely covered in a purple robe, and chains seemed to orbit her.

Hazel and Eliza exchanged glances as the demonic woman appeared behind them. Hazel quickly swung the crossbow towards her, and fired. There was a flash of sparks as the chains whipper out, catching the bolt in the air. “Still have some fight in you…? I can’t wait to extract it,” The woman raised her hand, and a bolt of fire emerged, flying straight towards Hazel. She jumped out of the way, and watched with horror as the ground she was standing on was obliterated by hellfire. Once again, what little urine her body hadn’t already lost dribbled out of her.

She rose, and ran behind one of the pillars, using the cover for safety while she reloaded. She glanced at Eliza, and saw that she was throwing one of her vials at the woman. Like the crossbow bolt, the chains whipped out at extremely high speeds, though found that a glass vial was substantially weaker than a bolt. The vial shattered instantly, then ignited into a brilliant holy fire that momentarily illuminated the entire chamber. The demonic woman screamed in pain, then screamed out assurances of their painful deaths.

Crossbow reloaded, Hazel circled about the other side of the pillar. The woman flung a ball of hellfire at Eliza, who screamed and ran out of the way. The explosion still caught her, and flung her to the ground. While she was distracted, Hazel aimed and fired the crossbow, and the bolt embedded itself into the woman’s side. She screamed in pain once again, and spun to face Hazel.

One of the chains, its tip broken and sharp, launched forward, Hazel sidestepped as fast as she was able, but it still cut her cheek deeply, drawing quite a bit of blood. The chain shot out once more, stabbing into her left shoulder, then again into her right leg. Each cut was deep and painful enough to be debilitating, but none of them lethal. She fell onto her backside, scurrying backwards as the chain continually propelled forward, sometimes missing and sometimes hitting.

In her fear, she failed to keep her grasp on her crossbow. Tears once again welled in her eyes, and she whimpered quietly as she continued her pitiful attempts to escape. Her vision filled with spots as her head hit on something behind her. She had been backed up to the far wall of the chamber. Her legs shook and quivered. Her arms wouldn’t move. Tears streamed down her face. She looked up at the faceless demonic woman. She opened her mouth to plead for mercy, but nothing came out.

The sharp end of the chain drifted down to her neck, the knife-like edge pressing into her flesh, drawing a drop of blood. With a quiet crackle, her pants tented out suddenly. The shit was hard and pushed the seat of her panties and trousers out far. Softer mess followed it, filling up the newly created gap in her underwear. The smell of shit drifted up to her nostrils, furthering her shame.

The woman chuckled, “Yes… Release yourself… Give in to fear. It’s so much easier...”

The chain wrapped itself around her neck, and began to squeeze tightly. Her eyes began to close, certain that this was it. A bright light, like the sun, caught her attention. The demon woman was engulfed in a white fire that completely covered her. She screamed in agony, but only for a second. When the luminescent fire dissipated, most of her body was gone, and she dropped to the floor, dead. Eliza stood behind her, now with one less vial than she entered with.

The witch ran to help Hazel, and she managed to remove the chain from her neck.

Through choked sobs, Hazel said “Thank you… Thank you so much, Eliza,” as she pulled the witch into a tight hug.

The chamber was eerily quiet, and she wondered if the fight was over.

###

One of the chains floating around the robed man whipped forward, catching Tabitha off guard and striking her in the belly. It sliced through her doublet and cut into her skin. He was unable to strike again as the chains were suddenly occupied blocking several arrows, courtesy of Matthew. Seizing upon the opening, Tabitha charged at the demon, who raised his hand and summoned a torrent of fire. Tabitha rolled to her right as fast as possible, but the demon man kept up with her, continuing to launch the hellish fire.

She ran, and as she passed by Matthew, he ran with her. The two of them hid behind a pillar. The massive stream of hellfire impacted the stone column, splitting it and causing it to pass by, uncomfortably close, but safely by the two hiding people. The air around them was heating up to extraordinary temperatures, and breathing became difficult. Tabitha took the moment to inspect herself for damage. Her midsection had received a nasty cut, but it was manageable. She was lightly singed all over, but not burned anywhere. Looking at her legs, her eyes drifted over to Matthew’s, and she noticed the wetness seeping into his pants. A very large stain surrounded his groin, and the streams were just reaching his knees and beginning to reach further down.

“Are you all right?” She asked. She almost had to shout to be heard over the roar of the fires.

“Wet,” He replied, “But it’s better than being on fire”

“We need a plan! Let’s try and-” All at once, the fires ended, and her speech was cut off as a chain wrapped around the column, encircling their necks as well. It pulled them hard against the stone. The shock made Tabitha lose a little bit of her own urine, as she felt her panties grow warm around her privates. The chain tightened, and her bladder released even more. The area around her crotch and inner thighs turned hot with piss. A stain, roughly the diameter of an orange had formed between her legs.

Tighter and tighter they pulled. The stain on her pants grew as she pissed more. A few small streams race down her legs, ahead of the rest of the flood. The chain pulled ever tighter, and she swore she could feel something in her break. Her bladder completely abandoned its hold, and she sprayed piss down her legs as she thrashed about. The dark stain traveled erratically down her legs, until, at last, her legs stopped kicking as she ran out of energy, and the urine spilled over her boots, making a puddle around her. Tabitha noticed a heavy weight in her abdomen, and she knew her bowels were preparing to void themselves into her underwear. She clamped down. She knew how absurd it was to try and preserve her dignity in a situation like this, but if she was about to die, she wanted that to happen after she was gone. She looked around for a solution, but it seemed there was none to be found.

The chain loosened its grip on the two for just a second, and she wondered if it was over, only for the chain to recoil from the pillar and solely encircle the pair’s necks. They were lifted into the air, and brought to face the demon man. Tabitha could could hear a faint braaaaap, followed by a loud, wet crackling sound. She wondered briefly if she had just shit herself in terror, but a quick glance at the expanding seat of Matthew’s trousers confirmed otherwise. They tented and filled out sharply and quickly as he lost control of his bowels.

“Fear… So delicious...” The demon man said. “You will serve us well,” He raised his hand, and made a fist. The chains tightened immeasurably. Both of them pried at the chain desperately, but it was hopeless. That is, until the demon man groaned in pain, and the chain released them. They fell to the ground, hard. Matthew was sprawled on his back, gasping for breath, and as eager as Tabitha was to follow this example, she gripped her sword as tightly as her numb body would, and lunged forward, burying the blade into the demon’s chest.

The last of her energy spent, she collapsed, and after a short second, the demon man did as well, holy sword jutting from his chest. She was lying on her stomach on the ground, and that weight in her abdomen made itself known once more. She could hardly have avoided shitting herself if she wanted to, so she gave a quick push, and felt the mess slide out of her easily, and come to a rest in her panties. Her body needed no instruction after the first log, and continued to pour soft mess into her pants, which now had a slowly but steadily growing bulge on the seat. Before fading into unconsciousness, she looked up and saw the witch pointing a recently-fired crossbow at them. Her last thought was that it was just her luck that the witch of all people would’ve saved her.

*044*2018-05-16 05:44

{{2 hours ago, Poowrite said:

Oh my god, I love this story (♥ω♥ ) ~♪.

Indeed, I love pretty much all of your work. Do you usually go in to these stories with an idea of where they're going, or do you just make it up as you go along?

Anyway, I'm looking forward to the next chapter.

}}

I usually have a general idea of where the overall story arc is headed, but otherwise it's mostly just written on the fly. Usually, I know when a character will be introduced and what big event will happen, but the rest I just improvise.

Also, thanks! That means a lot.

*046*2018-10-31 08:48

Happy Halloween, everyone! I figured what better way to celebrate the spookiest holiday, as well as the anniversary of this story, than with a big, juicy chapter? Hope you guys all enjoy!

Eliza watched as the demon man plummeted from the air, thanks to her timely shot from Alma’s crossbow. Tabitha and Matthew were released from the unholy chains binding them, and Tabitha seized the opportunity to thrust her sword into the fallen cultist, finally finishing him off. As he writhed and breathed his last, the flames of Tabitha’s sword engulfed him, turning his body into a veritable bonfire.

Matthew was out cold, and Tabitha had fallen to her knees, then onto her stomach. Slowly, her eyes began to close, and a large bulge began to form in the seat of her pants. Eliza’s eyes widened, and she wondered if she had been too slow. Despite their unfriendliness towards each other, she didn’t want the witch hunter to die. Hazel moved passed her, and began to investigate their unconscious comrades.

“They’re alive!” She said, causing Eliza to exhale in relief. Hazel rolled Tabitha over, so she was lying on her back, the large mess in her trousers audibly squishing. Both Hazel and Eliza cringed a little. They did so again when they rolled Matthew over with similar results. Before long, Hazel’s relief had returned to worry as they did not awaken, “Can you wake them up? Don’t you have a potion or something that can help them?”

“I can make one...” She was lying. She already had an elixir that could wake up the both of them. Honestly, they didn’t even need it; they would be fine. But she needed to speak with Hazel, in private. “Hazy, could you… come with me? I need to gather the herbs.”

“But what about them? Will they be okay in here?”

“We’ve killed everything here, and the curse on this place is broken. They’ll be fine.”

“All right, then.”

The two of them walked back through the long cave, stepping over the remnants of the ghouls that had barred their way inside. Eliza was silent the entire walk, and she clutched her staff tightly. Hazel, despite the piss soaking her pants and shit filling her panties, managed to keep pace with her, even if she was walking slightly bowlegged. Evidently, she noticed Eliza being lost in thought, asking, “Is something wrong?”

Eliza was quiet for a minute more, trying to think of how to begin, “H-Hazy… ” Her voice quivered, and she suppressed a slight sob, “T-those people we just fought… They… ” Eliza struggled hard to force the words out, but her body wasn’t listening. Tears began to fill her eyes, and, unbidden, stream down her cheeks. She covered her face with one hand, turning away from Hazel, wishing she wasn’t so damn weak. Hazel moved around, and placed her hands on Eliza’s shoulders, Eliza responded by clutching onto her friend tightly, not quite a hug, but just as meaningful. “Those… ” Eliza finally began to compose herself, and found her voice again, “Those were my parents… ”

“What?!” Hazel looked down at her in alarm, “Why didn’t you tell us?! We- We could’ve-”

“No. It had to end like that… ” As much as it hurt her, it was true. She took a step back, and wiped her eyes, “They… They’ve been gone for a long time.” Hazel just looked at her, confused, but sympathetic. “I needed to talk to you. Just you,” She didn’t trust anyone else. “Those two… A long time ago, they… did some terrible things. To me, to others, and to themselves.”

“Is that why you lived alone?” Hazel inquired, trying to start fitting the pieces together.

“Yes… ” Her voice weak, and her heart heavy as she remembered such a dark time, Eliza continued, “When I found out what they were doing, I just… ran… ” Her composure kept crumbling, and her voice grew shaky, “If I hadn’t been such a coward then… ”

“Eliza, you can’t blame yourself for things like that,” Hazel snapped back, sympathetic but firm.

“But I-” She cut herself off, and closed her mouth abruptly. Tabitha was exiting the cave with Matthew in tow. They each had an arm looped around the other, and were still unstable and close to collapsing. Not wishing to continue this conversation in front of the witch hunter, Eliza simply remarked, “Let’s just help them back to town. We’ll talk more later.”

She grabbed a hold of Matthew while Hazel assisted Tabitha. She’d managed to ignore it when she was talking to just Hazel, but now that she was in such close proximity to all three of them, the odor of urine-soaked and shit-filled pants was nearly unbearable. Tabitha barely seemed to notice or care what she’s done in her clothes, and walked with a surprising dignity and professionalism. Matthew was still wounded from the fight, and was walking awkwardly, clearly trying not to further agitate the severe mess he’d made of his trousers. Hazel had this way about her, in that she seemed to just completely forget about the state of herself while she was helping Tabitha along. Despite the wet streaks down her legs and the conspicuous bulge in the seat of her pants, she pushed herself to walk normally. Eliza admired that about her. Personally, she was mostly just happy and impressed with herself for not doing the same things in her own panties.

While she observed her companions, She felt a dagger of fear shoot through her body as she noticed Tabitha glaring menacingly at her. Eliza looked away, and down towards the ground. She had a feeling the trip back to town would be a quiet one.

###

Alma raised a fork with a bite of cooked meat skewered on it to her lips. She chewed and swallowed, but the action barely constituted “eating”. There was no taste, and she was barely even aware of what she was doing. She was much too distracted thinking of Hazel and Eliza, wondering if they were okay. What was I thinking, letting them go alone? Her troubled thoughts had been filling her with worry and guilt for some time, now.

Her fork scraped against her plate, and it took her a good few seconds to register that there was no food left. This helped bring her back to the current moment, as she fully remembered where she was and what she was doing. She was in a small, downtrodden inn. Only a few people were inside, most of them drinking. Lowering her fork, she stood and prepared to pay, only to recall that any money she and Hazel had was lost when their carriage was overturned.

“Ah, shit,” she mumbled as she patted down her pockets, searching for any kind of currency.

“No need, miss,” came the sullen innkeeper’s voice, “Way things are, none of us have much coin to throw around, nor much use for it.”

“Thank you, good sir,” She replied, truly grateful. Actual meals had been difficult to come by in recent days.

Exiting the inn, her ears were immediately assaulted with the voice of a nearly hysteric woman, “Emily!” she called out, desperately, into the woods. When no reply came, she turned around, but her eyes lit up with hope when she spotted Alma. She nearly sprinted towards her. Once she was closer, Alma were able to take in her appearance. She was a woman, maybe into her mid-thirties, with long auburn hair. She had smooth, fair facial features, but her face was twisted in sadness and worry. She wore a brown and white shirt, and a long blue skirt that reached down to her ankles. Alma’s eyes settled on a large stain on the front of the skirt. It was dried, but the discolored outline of a wetting was very apparent. Must’ve pissed on herself during the attack.

“You! You’re one of those monster hunters from out of town, right?!” The woman stammered out very rapidly.

“I am the monster hunter from out of town, yes.”

“Please, you have to help me!” Her face was more desperate than any Alma had ever seen, “My name is Marie. My daughter, Emily, she’s been missing for nearly two days, now.”

Emily? Alma’s face hardened as she recalled the woman who approached them in their camp; the one who led them here. Had she never made it back?

“With everything going on, I just know she must be lost somewhere, probably scared to death, and no one will help me find her!”

“I’m not exactly in any condition for hunting down a lost woman in a monster-infested forest,” Alma motioned to her broken arm, still stuck in a sling.

“I… I know, but please, I can come with you, or- or-”

“So we can both die?”

“Please!” She shouted, her voice cracking as tears began to streak down her cheeks, “I know it’s dangerous, but if you don’t help me, then my little Emily could… ” She trailed off, the words getting stuck in her throat.

Alma was sure she must’ve sounded heartless to the poor woman. It wasn’t that she was afraid or disinterested, it was just a simple matter of her being injured and Marie likely being no good in a pinch. Hazel wouldn’t have hesitated, her mind taunted her, Hazel would probably already be halfway through the forest.

… Dammit. She knew Hazel looked up to her, but she never truly realized just how much she respected the merchant right back. She sighed deeply, “It will be extraordinarily dangerous. I’m wounded, and I won’t be much good in a fight. Are you willing to risk your own life for Emily?”

“Absolutely!” Marie answered without the slightest hesitation, catching Alma off guard. “If I’ve got a choice between my life or hers, I’m choosing Emily!”

“... So be it. I’ll grab some supplies. Find yourself anything you think might be useful. Bring a bag of salt. Meet back here in fifteen minutes,” With that, Alma turned and strode away to gear up.

###

A short while later, and Alma and Marie had ventured out into the wilderness, towards Emily’s last known location. Even with a shattered arm, Alma still looked the part of a deadly monster hunter. Her hat sat atop her head, she wore black trousers and a red shirt, with her beloved jacket dangling from her shoulders, since she couldn’t put it over her damaged arm. Since Hazel was currently using her crossbow, Alma carried only her silver dagger. Her good arm was broken, but she was still skilled at wielding the weapon in her left hand.

Marie wore the same clothes she had in town, and carried, as her weapon, a scythe. A farmer’s scythe. If things get dangerous, she isn’t going to last a second, she mused. Marie had at least followed her instructions and brought some salt with her.

Before very long, they came upon the site of their old camp. Emily may have been stealthy enough for them to not notice her directly, but she wasn’t good enough not to leave tracks. Broken twigs, disturbed foliage, and footprints all gave away the young woman’s path. They walked along Emily’s path. Marie evidently couldn’t see a single thing that Alma could, and stuck very close beside her. It was good that the woman had made herself so easy to track; Alma could feel a growing need to relieve her bowels, and she didn’t want to be out for much longer.

A pained groan a short distance away stopped both of them in their tracks. “Emily?” Marie whispered, before Alma raised her hand, signalling for silence. The two of them crept forward slowly, taking cover behind a tree. Peering around it, they saw a pale, emaciated man with scars covering his body. Marie covered her mouth, and recoiled backwards.

“Ghoul,” Alma said simply. Drawing her dagger, she bashed the handle against the tree, making a loud noise. A surprised grunt came from the direction of the ghoul.

“What are you doing?” Marie asked frantically. She was shaking.

Rapid, dragging footsteps drew closer and closer as the ghoul approached. With a snarl, it rounded the tree, and centered its vision on Marie. The poor woman was shaking so badly that she dropped her scythe, and brought her quivering hands up over her mouth. Her knees knocked into one another, and her bladder evidently released itself as Alma observed the spot where her skirt had already been urinated in grew wet with piss once more. A large stain grew, and little trails raced down the blue skirt, leaving darkened streaks behind them before reaching the hem and dripping onto the ground. Some urine wound down her legs, flowing over her shoes, and much of it simply fell between her shaking legs, splashing and puddling onto the ground.

Marie could only whimper as the ghoul approached her, but Alma was prepared. It passed by without noticing the hunter, and once she had the opportunity, she took it. Wielding the silver blade in her left hand, she sliced several times across the ghouls’ back, eliciting pained moaning and sizzling flesh. It fell to its knees, whereupon Alma jammed the blade into the side of the thing’s head, ending its moaning.

“Are you okay?” She asked Marie.

Her senses seemed to gradually return to her as she realized it was over, and that she was safe. Her eyes slowly panned downwards, centering on the giant stain on her skirt and the puddle below her. Her cheeks flared red, and she lowered her hands over her groin, trying to shield the evidence from view, “I’m fine,” she answered after a delay. She picked up her scythe, and the two continued onward.

###

Near to two hours later, and they were still searching. Emily’s trail made inexplicable twists and turns, practically running in circles at certain points. Alma’s thoughts over the past hour or so had only been a stream of curses and swears as her need to empty her bowels grew from a pressing matter to an urgent one. “Emily!” Alma called out, hoping they had gotten close enough for her to hear them. Marie joined her in calling for the missing woman.

After minutes of shouting, the two were losing energy, and Alma didn’t want to attract any more monsters. That is, until they heard a woman cry “Help!” in the distance. Hearing this, their walk became a run, and they continued to call out as they ran in the direction of the voice.

At last, they came upon the source, and Alma could hear Marie begin to cry tears of joy when they spotted Emily. She was sitting upon a large, flat rock. The rock itself was positioned in front of a small cave mouth, and on the shore of narrow river that flowed into the cave. “Emily, sweetie! Come here!” Marie exclaimed as she approached her daughter. Emily’s face was pale, and she looked afraid. This wasn’t normal. Something was wrong.

All too late, Alma spotted the reflection of the light in the eyes watching them from inside the cave. “Marie, get back, now!!” She commanded, but the ecstatic woman was no longer listening to her, she only cared that her daughter had been located. Located and used as bait! Alma realized. She ran forward, quickly catching up to Marie, and grabbed her by the arm. Not caring to be gentle, she pulled her back, and hard. Marie fell onto the ground, and Alma yanked her up and tossed her backwards as the beast finally emerged from its den.

She should’ve guessed; the strange, erratic trail Emily left- she was running from something. The trail was pristine and clear, because the beast wanted it to be. Even before the monster was fully visible, Alma knew exactly what it was: a huntsman. A massive, man-sized spider creature. Like a disgusting centaur, a sickly humanoid body rose from the creature’s front. Atop its bulbous head were no fewer than twenty black eyes, and two sets of fanged mandibles, one pointing up, the other down, creating an X-shaped mouth. Two clawed arms protruded from the upper body. These creatures were widely feared- and rightly so. They stalk prey for hours, before pursuing them, then using them as bait to lure in more prey. This thing must’ve been following them since before they set up camp, then captured Emily once she left on her own.

And now, it had successfully baited the two of them- a cripple and a frightened mother- directly to its lair. This was bad.

Evidently, the gravity of the situation was not lost on Marie, as Alma heard a faint squelching coming from the woman on the ground, followed by a somewhat watery sound. The smell of waste promptly confirmed that Marie had, indeed, just shit herself. It’s like Hazy is still here, Alma thought as she yanked Marie to her feet. A brown smear had formed on her backside, indicating that a good deal of the mess in her panties was not very solid.

Drawing her dagger, Alma started to draft some kind of plan for how to fight a huntsman alone, when she noticed that Marie was still clutching her scythe. Looking at the woman beside her, Alma was surprised to see that Marie, despite just having crapped herself, did not look afraid or faint, but rather, determined, and even angry. Then she noticed that the woman wasn’t glaring at the monster, but at her daughter. Marie’s resolve to protect Emily was nothing short of astounding to Alma.

“Marie,” She uttered, as the huntsman began to approach them, “Are you ready to save your daughter?”

“Absolutely,”

“Then listen close: Get that thing’s attention. Swing that scythe around, try to hit it. I’ll come around behind it and jump on its back. From there, I can stab it to death.”

“Understood,” She replied, then charged forward, scythe held high. The huntsman skittered forward, its own scythe-like claws ready to strike. Marie swung her weapon as hard as she can, and the monster quickly backstepped to dodge the blow. She kept up the pressure, swinging over and over again, forcing the beast back again and again. Alma used this bought time well, and maneuvered around the side of the large creature. She did her best to ignore how close she was to losing control of her own bowels.

Marie’s frantic swings were stopped as the huntsman parried one of her strikes, then moved in for the kill with its other hand. She was good as dead. Emily screamed in terror as she watched. Gritting her teeth at the ruin of their plan, Alma slashed at the beast’s leg, the silver biting into its unholy flesh. The strike that would have slain Marie was stopped abruptly as the huntsman recoiled in pain, then spun about to face Alma. Lacking any long range melee weapon, she knew that she stood no chance facing it directly. She began backtracking as fast as she could, nimbly dodging the stabs and slashes from the thing’s long claws. One thrust of its weaponized arm came close enough to her face that it sliced some of her hair. Alma launched herself backwards, narrowly dodging another slice that would have removed her head. She stumbled and fell backwards, her broken arm screaming in agony.

The huntsman closed the distance immediately, and would be upon her before she could stand- were it not for Marie. The woman ran forward, and swung the scythe downward, burying it deeply into the creature’s thorax. It screeched in pain. Alma used this distraction to return to her feet, and once again circle around the huntsman. Attempting to dislodge the scythe, Marie tugged and pulled, and managed to cut it deeper and deeper, but not pull it out. This aggravated it enough that it forgot about Alma, and turned to face Marie. She had failed to dislodge the scythe, and it was pulled from her hands as the beast turned about, leaving her defenseless.

By now, however, Alma had climbed atop the thing’s back, and made for its upper body. There, she proceeded to drive her silver dagger again and again through its many eyes, into its brain. It screeched and squealed, it flailed and shook, but slowly, all of that ceased, as the huntsman succumbed to Alma’s attacks.

They both were drenched in sweat by the time it finally died. Alma slid off its back, and collapsed onto the grass, panting heavily. A moment later, she rose to see Emily walking towards the two. “M-mom?” She said, in disbelief.

Without a word, Marie sprung from the ground and embraced her daughter. Now that she was so close to them, Alma noticed with some sympathy that Emily’s skirt was also wet in the front and browned in the back. Like mother like daughter, She joked to herself, Must’ve had the poor woman placed as bait for so long she couldn’t hold it any more. Just thinking of “holding it” reminded her of her own issues in that regard. She didn’t know at what point during the fight it had happened, but she could feel her mess had already begun to emerge, and was touching her panties.

She took one step, wondering if she could make it to a bush or something for some privacy, but felt her butt part and more mess flow into her panties as she did so. She sighed, and resigned herself to her fate. With a slight push, her mess slid out of her, and deposited into her panties with a quiet crackle. The soft mass collected in the back of her underwear, flattening and spreading out slightly, but mostly just creating a ball. She could feel quite a bit more still inside herself, and it joined the rest of the mass, further flattening and condensing it. By the time she had finished emptying her bowels into her pants, her trousers had an absolutely monstrous bulge on their rear. It had been a long time since she’d loaded her panties this badly.

A few moments later, everyone had caught their breath, and was ready to move on. Neither of them made a comment about the veritable mountain of mess Alma had left in her pants, but neither of them were in any position to judge. They made their way back to town, Marie and Emily not moving more than an inch away from each other the whole walk.

