Beth messes herself on purpose: Part 3/3 [Translated from Swedish]

Author: wetmartini

*000*2021-08-05 23:34

Warning!

This story contains female messing. If that is not your cup of tea, please be warned.

Foreword

I came across this collection of stories on a Swedish site called sexiganoveller (Eng. Sexy short stories). The site seems a bit defunked, but some of the stores were really good. I really liked this one in particular and thought everyone should be able to enjoy it, so I decided to translate it into English. Some parts have minor changes to work a bit better with English. I also changed the names of the characters, from Elisabet to Beth and Emilia to Emily. It seemed more appropriate. The original author of this story is PantypoopSverige

. Please enjoy the last part of this story.

Beth messes herself on purpose: Part 3/3

After the lecture is over, Emily and Beth remain until everyone has left.

- "I have pretty tight pants, I don't think it will leak", says Beth and stands up slowly. It feels strange. The poop has started to cool and dry but it is still nice to have something wet around the butt, although she keeps that to herself.

- "Damn! That smell though!" Emily exclaims as they walk out of the hall towards the toilet. They go in and lock up behind them.

- "I have two extra pairs of panties and jeans with me", Beth reveals as she carefully pulls off her jeans. The panties have a large wet brown spot in the back, but doesn't seem to have leaked much.

She carefully takes off her panties and throws them in the trash. It takes a lot of paper to clean and Emily is standing there the whole time looking and giggling. After a while, Beth has cleaned herself and put on fresh clothes.

In the trash is a pair of light blue hipsters full of diarrhea.

- "yuck, too bad for the next person who goes in here" Emily says with a giggle.

Beth carefully picks up the panties from the trash, and put them in the middle of the floor. Emily just stares at her. Beth takes out her notebook, tears off a piece of paper, writes "Oops!" on it and then put it neatly on the poop-filled panties. Emily almost dies of laughter.

They exit the toilet and hurry away from there. Fortunately, no one else can be seen in the corridor. They exit the university's main building and head towards the Pizzeria. Beth's stomach has calmed down but she craves the feeling of warm stickieness against her skin. She wants to poop her pants again, although not right now. Soon she will have the chili kebab in her stomach and that's when things will really take off. They have a lecture in an hour, plenty of time to chow down a kebab.

When they enter the Pizzeria, they order immediately and then take a seat at the far end.

- "I can't remember the last time I..you know..crapped myself" says Emily.

- "Oh, for me it happens a little now and then actually" Beth answers.

- "Sometimes when I come home very drunk, I've had a couple of small accidents in my sleep and so on. When I was to Turkey, I had a few accidents as well, although not like yesterday. It's never been on purpose though."

- "I'm gonna poop my pants today" Emily says resolutely and adds,

- "The last time I ate here, I ran all the way home to avoid having an accident"

Beth laughs, she remembers it. That was almost a month ago. Emily had been in class and started sweating profusely, then she had excused herself and gone home. Everyone else had seen her through the window, running across the yard, and everyone knew it was the chili kebab.

Their food arrives at the table and both of them immediately starts stuffing their faces. Beth is very hungry and the taste of the kebab is legendary. However, she knows what it will do to her innards. Emily eats as greedily as Beth and after about 15 minutes they both sit there and gasp from satiety.

- "Shit! I ate way too fast," Emily moans through labored breathing.

- "Yeah me too. I have a stomach ache” says Beth.

They pay and then slowly head back to the university.

It takes them almost 20 minutes to get back. Outside the lecture hall they meat up with some of their friends. Beth's stomach has now started to growl again. She don't feel like she needs to go just yet, but she is full and her stomach feels heavy. She also notices how Emily is holding one hand on her stomach while she talks. They enter the hall, and the lecture begins.

They make sure to sit next to each other at the back row, where it is completely empty.

- "How do you feel?" Emily asks.

- "I'm full and my stomach is noisy, but it's still good," says Beth.

- "All right, that's good, my stomach is fine too for the moment"

The lecture lasts one hour. Both girls get through it without any problems.

But when there's 10 minutes left, Emily says:

- "Now I really start to feel it"

- "How long can you hold it?" asks Beth, who's also starting to get desperate.

- "I don't know, I'm not really straining myself right now, but it will start soon. I don't feel like risking a fart” Emily whispers and giggles a little.

The lecture ends and they get up and leave. Emily walks unusually slowly and Beth asks:

- "Are you afraid that you will shit if you walk too fast?"

- "Yes, I try to relax completely and it feels like it's.. kinda close to be honest"

- "I get what you mean, I feel the same way"

- "I think I have Diarrhea" says Emily as they are walking to the bus.

- "..and I think I'll have an accident soon"

- "Just relax and let it happen" says Beth and smiles.

Beth can feel that it will happen to her soon as well, her stomach is bubbling and hurting a bit.

- "I have a dare for you!" Beth exclaims as they are heading for the bus.

- "What?" Emily asks.

- "I dare you to walk all the way home with me"

- "But I'll poop myself soon!" exclaims Emily.

- "I know! Me too” says Beth.

- "So we're going to walk through town with poopy pants?" Emily looks questioning at Beth.

- "Sure, why not? No one will care.”

Emily thinks about it for a moment. She finally agrees to do it.

They both start walking home. They live on the other side of town, but luckily they also live very close to each other.

The traffic is heavy. They're discussing the lecture when suddenly a car brakes on a parallel street. The car behind honks loudly. Both girls gets startled. Beth continues to walk but soon notices that Emily is still standing there like frozen at the crosswalk. Beth turns around, grab Emily by the arm and leads her across the street.

- "Did you spray-paint your panties?" Beth asks jokingly while giggling.

Emily says nothing but gets a blank expression in her eyes.

"It just...eh came..." she says panting.

Beth can hear it. The sound can't be mistaken. A bubbly, wet and crackling sound comes from Emily's nether regions.

- "How does it feel?" asks Beth with an excited expression.

"I've never had to shit this much ever" Emily says quietly.

Her light jeans have started getting a wet spot in the back, a stain that is starting to turn dark brown.

- "It's huge," says Emily with a gaping expression.

- "I just completely went to the bathroom in my pants!" she continues.

They keep walking. Emily walks a little wide-legged and slow. After a few minutes, Beth feels that it starts for her too. It begins as a fart that slowly slides out of her, then it stops. She stops walking and relax her whole body.

- "I think it's starting now" says Beth.

Emily quickly takes out her iPhone and starts filming.

- "Describe it!" she says with excitement.

Beth starts narrating the experience.

- "I just released a silent one"

- "Continue!"

- "..then it kind of stopped, so I relaxed."

Beth closes her eyes.

- "Wow! Now..now it's coming."

- "It feels a little wet, it's seeping out slowly"

- "Shit! I think there's a fart coming"

It does too, although it's so wet it sounds more like diarrhea mixed with gas.

Beth's eyes widen.

- "Ooh it's a lot, I have diarrhea"

- "It's spreading slowly all over…"

- "It's hot, sticky and wet"

- "It feels really weird"

Emily walks around her, filming her face and the back of her trousers that have a bump in them, a bump that is starting to get dark and wet.

- "It's still coming.." Beth continues.

- "It's starting to run down my right leg.."

Beth gets a weird sensation. It feels like she's losing control of her body, and a wave of energy surges through her. Her legs starts trembling beneath her.

She is still slowly filling her pants.

She begins to breathe more heavily and it feels like she is shutting out the whole world.

She only feels the wet, and warm that slowly flows down her right leg, the stickiness that envelops her butt, her breathing that gets heavier and heavier.

- "Oh! I think..I think.." Beth can hardly speak anymore.

Emily is still recording and she doesn't understand what's happening.

- "What?" she asks.

- "I..think..I will..come..I..will..shit" Beth manages to say between her short breaths.

Beth doesn't understand what's going on with her. Her body has completely collapsed. She can't stop it. The orgasm is on its way. She only has a few seconds. She fumbles with her hand and finds a lamppost to lean on.

Just a moment later, she climaxes right there on her knees.

She stops breathing and lets waves of pleasure explode from her center and all over her body. It turns black for her and she gets dizzy. It only takes a few seconds but feels like more. When she opens her eyes, she's standing on her knees and is leaning against the lamppost. Emily is standing in front of her and is still recording.

- "DID YOU COME?" She almost screams.

The end.

