Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 7

Author: Poowrite

*150*2015-06-18 04:07

{{: 

1a

Also I'm dying of laughter righ now because she made it even with linkx and infi

Getting their option.

}}

The dice have been kind to Calista so far. Well... except for the little incident with her bladder.

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Mostly Empty / Empty

“Of course I'll help,” you respond. It's an easy decision for you to make. You have a lot to offer in this endeavor, a fact that you felt you had already proven thoroughly in spite of Duncan's mean-spirited japes. You could feel a trust building between everyone in the room as Priests, guests, and sell-swords alike come to realize that the only way they come out of this alive is if they work together. Plus, this would give you an opportunity to make your name known around town. Your main objective might be to help these people, but the only successful sell-sword is one who knows how to make a name for herself.

“I'm glad to hear that,” Lucius says as you begin working on your bowl of stew. It's warm. A little greasy, but altogether not too bad. “Dangerous work is always better done in the company of a competent partner,” he says, pulling a string of jerky from a pouch at his waist.

Everyone eats and drinks what they can. You polish off the bowl of stew and enough ale to fortify yourself without compromising your senses. You feel the lingering ache where the undead's hilt had hit you dulling into a distant memory as the alcohol's numbing effect settles in. With the meals finished, a few of the guests make their way upstairs to gather bedding for the injured while the others help with the soiled dishes. Others still simply sit nervously, anxiously waiting to move on.

You and Lucius are approached by Brother Elias. He hands you a rolled parchment. “A map of the area,” he explains. “In case the two of you get lost.”

“I doubt it will be necessary. I know where we're heading. You had better take it, Calista. In case we get separated,” Lucius says, handing you the rolled parchment.

You take it, and place it in your pack. You would prefer not to get separated, but it would be best to be safe. Elias hands Lucius a small vial. You recognize the thick, red fluid inside as a minor potion. “I'm afraid it is all we have after treating Brothers Reanux and Fairfax. I hope it does not become necessary for you to use it.”

“Thank you, Brother Elias. We'll be careful,” Lucius says.

“Yes, but be as quick as you can. We are relying on you.” You and Lucius nod in understanding. You offer Roland, Elias, and Gerald a wave then set out into the night.

Autumn is drawing near in Lothyand, and it is evident in the brisk night air. It isn't cold enough for you to see your breath, but you can feel the chill seeping in through your armor. You're relieved that your pants have mostly dried... in this cold the wet would have been terribly uncomfortable.

Lucius leads the way, taking you through a dark alley where the pale light of the moon barely penetrates the shadows. Both of you are on edge, watching for any signs of danger but your sharp instincts tell you that you're safe for now.

“So, we'll have to pass a graveyard? That... sounds dangerous to the point of insanity. Is there anyway around it,” you ask.

“Around it? No,” Lucius responds, shaking his head. “Not without adding an hour or better to our travel time.” You nod. Through the graveyard it would have to be, it seemed. Though, you seemed safe for now... perhaps you could pass the time with a little conversation...

1. Ask Lucius what he knows about the envoy from Lothyand visiting Dawnswall.

2. Ask Lucius about the history of Dawnswall.

3. Ask Lucius about himself.

4. Walk in silence.

5. Other (please specify)

Calista has gained a map of the district.

Lucius has gained a Potion of Mend Wounds.

*165*2015-06-24 17:47

I apologize for the lengthy delay! Videa gaems have been consuming my time lately!

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowel: Mostly Empty / Empty

“So, what kind of jobs do you usually take around here,” you ask Lucius, passing the time as the two of you wend your way through the shadows. Your eyes having mostly adjusted to the poor lighting conditions, you can see him offer an absent shrug.

“Whatever is paying, really,” he says. “Mostly escorts, I suppose. Dawnswall is like the center of a wheel, with spokes going out to major cities and ports in Lothyand so you can always find some caravan or wagon owner looking to bring on an extra hand. You'll wanna avoid the Dwarves heading South to Port Gold, though. Tightfisted buncha bastards, every last one.

The Priests typically pay pretty good, especially for necromancer or undead hunts. And they're known for looking out for anyone who helps them. If you survive the night and decide to stay in Dawnswall, you'll always be able to find work with the Priests.”

“You do a lot of work for them,” you ask.

“I suppose I do,” he says. “Got my first job workin' for them, actually.”

“Killing undead?”

“Nah. Mom was one of their acolytes. Every few months they'd send her and a few others up North to the Stoneforge Mountains. I was a pretty big boy, knew my way around a sword, and Myknoa knows I wasn't going to have a career as a scholar or anything, so she used her weight with the Priests to get me on with the guards. I wasn't much more than a mule for most of the trip. You know, carrying some Priest's gear for him. But, we did get attacked by wild wargs. Got my first taste of battle and thought to myself, 'Lucius, you could make a living doing this'.

My first experience with the undead came about two years later. Some minor necromancer calling up rotten old bones and using them to assault and rob people after dark. No deaths, just robberies.” In the pale light of the moon, you can make out a smile creasing his lips. “I was working with a hard-assed woman named Lesandra Kyru. Deadly as a serpent with her spear, and one of the most serious human beings I have ever met. The Priests helped us track the source of the necromancy to an abandoned building in the South district. We made short work of the skeletons, and found the necromancer to be little more than a small boy. No more than thirteen summers, I'd say, who had been making a misguided attempt to care for himself and his small sister.

Our orders were to kill the necromancer, of course, but upon seeing him I suggested we take them to the Priests. The Priests of the Dawn don't typically suffer a necromancer to live, but I thought given the boy's situation they might make an exception. Lesandra was having none of it, though. Orders were orders to that woman. She chased after the boy, and I after her. We went down into the old building's cellar, where Lesandra discovered that this boy's talent for illusionary magic was far greater than his talent for necromancy.

We reached the cellar behind him and were immediately confronted with the visage of a Lich. Have you ever seen one?” You shake your head. “They are the stuff of nightmares. I don't know how the child knew what they looked like, perhaps he saw it in a book. But when Lesandra found herself staring into those soulless black pits she where the creature's eyes should have been... well, let us just say she did not need overuse of magic to cause her bladder or bowels to fail.”

You smile at him, sensing that he was still trying to cheer you up about your accident... especially after Duncan's unkind remarks. “What happened to the child and his sister,” you ask.

“Well, soiling her armor took the fight out of Lesandra and the boy wasn't able to maintain such a realistic illusion for long. Once it faded and I realized it posed no real threat, I was able to subdue the boy. In the end, I got my way. We brought them to the Priests. There were unfair punishments for his crimes, I am sure, but at least they didn't execute him. Last I heard he had repented and was serving the Priests of the Dawn in Port Gold. Witnessing to sailors from foreign lands or the like.”

“What would you have done if the Priests had wanted to execute him?” You watch the moonlight dance over Lucius' features as he considers this question. He never gives you an answer.

“Ah, here we are,” he says, stopping.

“Here? Where,” you ask.

“Our way of avoiding the cemetery blocking our way, if you're up for it.” He taps his foot on the ground, and you look down to see what looks like a metal lid in the road. “Dawnswall is built atop several underground streams. They supply the city with fresh water for drinking and bathing, and a few of the streams that flow away from the city take waste and garbage with them. It's a bit of a maze down there, but if you're familiar with the layout you can get from one place to another quickly and safely beneath the streets.”

“Oh, and I suppose you're familiar with the layout,” you ask.

“No, but I have this.” He smiles, withdrawing a folded sheet of paper. “A map of the caverns. There is another entrance just like this one near our destination. If we wanted to avoid the cemetery, we might be able to use this. Though, we would need your magic to light the way. I've a flint and steel, but nothing to use as a torch...”

1. Try to reach your destination through the underground caverns.

2. Stick to the streets and deal with the undead.

3. Other (Please Specify)

