[Messing] Trinity`s Messy Game

Author: ~Skunky Nikki~

*000*2018-12-25 19:11

[Hello all! This piece of fiction was inspired by a picture I stumbled upon while browsing Scat Booru! Enjoy~ ;3]

Trinity was a huge gamer. So much so that she often tosses her need to use the bathroom to the side. She always made it to the bathroom though, but it was always just on time. This time, however, she refused to get up.

Trinity was sitting on the floor on her knees in front of the television, playing her video game intently.

Trinity's need to use the bathroom was getting worse by each passing second as she denied to go. Her stomach rumbled violently, sending cramps to her bum. Trinity whinced each time a cramp hit her. Pretty soon, it would come out, whether she wanted it to or not.

A few minutes later, her stomach rumbled yet again, the mess inside slowly getting closer to its exit. Trinity grimaced as a fart escaped from her rear uncontrollably. The smell from her flatulence spread throughout the air where she sat, making her wrinkle her nose a little. She pushed, releasing yet another smelly fart into the air, intensifying the smell of her gas.

Her farts moved her closer to her messy fate. But Trinity still refused to get up to use the bathroom.

"Ugh... It smells now.. But I can't get up! I want to keep playing!" Trinity protested. Her stomach rumbled again, as if in protest against her choice to keep playing, sending sharp cramps down to her bum as she whinced, another crackly fart erupting from her rear.

Around twenty minutes later, her rear wouldn't stop cramping, her room now smelling of her farts. Trinity wanted to feel the relief she felt from her farts before, and pushed, releasing a slightly bubbly fart out into the air, the smell in her room beginning to worsen. She didn't care at this point, continuing to push her smelly fart out.

Just then, her fart grew wetter and more bubbly, but Trinity continued pushing, wanting to get as much air out as she could. A sudden, muffled squish emanated from her rear as brown mush escaped with her fart. Trinity had just sharted. The seat of her panties now coated with brown mush. Still, trinity kept pushing out the nasty shart. She didn't care that she was sharting, she just wanted more relief.

Sounds of runny farts continued to fill the room, the seat of her pants continuing to grow damper before she pushed once more, a loud squish sounding from her rear. No more air escaped as pure brown mush filled the seat of her panties, the slightly solid mush inside now inching out.

Her mess inside slowly began sliding out, now poking out as it made it's escape.

"Oh.. I think I'm going to have an accident..." Trinity told herself, despite already having an accident during her messy fart. But even though she partly knew the inevitable, she still refused to go use the bathroom.

The poo poking out slid out even more, making it even more uncomfortable.

"Ugh.. I can't hold it anymore.." Trinity said as she relaxed her bum. Without pushing, the mess began sliding out with a muffled crackle. Her brown-stained panties slowly began tenting out as the log of poo slowly met cotton, then pushing out further.

A shameful crackle emanated from Trinity's rear as she slowly began pooping her pants.

"Ugh.. I'm having an accident.." She told herself shamefully. The mess began piling up in itself in the seat of Trinity's panties, forming a growing bulge in her panties, the bulge starting to show on her denim shorts.

Trinity just wanted the mess to end, so pushed, forcing a torrent of softer mush to rush out into the rear of her panties, a loud, muffled Crckrckrckrckle to sound throughout her bedroom.

The bulge grew to enormous proportions before the erupting mess finally stopped escaping into her pants. Not before long, her room started to reek of her messy accident. Her green shorts started to stain in the rear.

"Oh my god.. I just shit my pants..." She told herself shamefully. Even though Trinity had made a mess in her panties, she still refused to get up to clean herself.

"I.. guess it's not to bad" She admitted to herself. Trinity spent the next 4 hours in her messy pants, playing her video game before she got up to go clean up. Trinity quite liked having that accident, afterall.

*002*2018-12-26 16:26

{{2 minutes ago, AlmostWet said:

I like it. let's here more from her.

}}

Glad you like it. Maybe I'll put her in some more predicaments. ;3

