A Nurse's Accident

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-08-20 05:03

(Note: This contains both wetting and messing.)

Nurse Candace went to work today with a very upset stomach. At a stunning age of twenty, she approaches her desk with a folder full of papers which were then left with one of the main doctors. She then pulled up a chair and sat her cute little butt in it. As she sat down, though, she could feel her stomach churn...a lot.

"What did I eat this morning?" she grumbled, holding her stomach. "And why did it wait until now, of all times, to act like this?"

The churning stopped for a bit as a young boy, appearing about age sixteen, was coming into the room for a checkup. His parents left outside to handle a few errands. As the nurse had began the examination, her stomach began to churn again, this time where it could be heard more clearly. The boy couldn't help but notice her sudden movements.

"What's wrong?" the boy asks.

"I-It's nothing," the nurse responded. "I just ate something really nasty, that's all."

"Well, just let me know if you're gonna throw up or something, okay?"

Nodding, Nurse Candace resumed her examination disregarding her churning stomach. Fortunately for both her and the boy, the churning didn't seem to be going up at all. In fact, the churning was actually going down to her bowels. In a quick jolt, she stood up and pressed her hands on her butt. The boy stares at her as if she is having a bad cramp. As she is desperately trying to hold in her bowels, it started to fill up at a fast and powerful rate, to where she just couldn't hold it in anymore. She ended up releasing a very loud fart and shooting a massive brown torrent into her white panties with red hearts all over them. The stream poured down her backside onto the floor. Thankfully, none of it got onto her uniform, which was a dark pink one-piece dress. The mess on the floor was as if someone had poured a thermos of coffee onto it.

"Did...Did you just...?"

"Don't tell anyone, okay?" the nurse asked as she feels her bowels churn again. Not taking any chamces, she jerks up her dress to where her heart-patterned panties were in clear view of anyone who stares at her. She lets out more loud juicy farts as she shot out another brown torrent into the already-stained and soiled panties. Fortunately, the messing couldn't be seen in the front, which was in the boy's direct sight. But then she ended up releasing another torrent into her panties, which this time, was clearer and more obvious.

The assault continued for another twenty seconds, then it died out. Despite seeing the nurse had completely wet and soil herself, the boy couldn't help but stare at her curvy thighs, instead. Getting the advantage, the nurse sticks a needle into his arm. After the boy had left, the nurse took off her panties and slung it into the sink to clean it. She, of course, cleaned herself, as well...right after taking a whiz standing up into the toilet. Surprisingly, her stream was very sprinkly, like a fountain.

(A request from a friend I met once. ;) )

*003*2012-08-24 14:44

{{:

Good story. I'd love to see her in other situations where she absolutely could not leave to go to the bathroom. Just an idea, I'm not sure if this is a one time thing or if you are interested in making other installments :p

}}

{{:

I like the idea and over all story, but you should try and make it longer. Not much desperation i mean. Other than that i loved it!

}}

Thankfully, my friend let me do extensions to this (this is his character, you see), so here goes:

That night, Nurse Candace went home with yet another upset stomach. She let out a big fart at the door, and rushed straight to the bathroom. As she fortunately makes it to the toilet, she yanks up her outfit and sits on the toilet. She didn't bother putting her panties back on as they were still soaking wet from when she washed them as the hospital. As she closes her eyes and takes a deep breath, she lets out big and bubbly farts that quickly became a massive brown torrent that quickly colored the toilet water brown. She grasps her stomach as she lets out farts that were so loud in the toilet that they could be heard from outside the bathroom. The torrent stopped after about four seconds, but the farting continued for almost half a minute. After it was over, she takes about three sheets of toilet paper and wiped her butt with it, then flushed the toilet and washed her hands. She then went to her room and passed out on the bed.

The next morning, Nurse Candace woke up in a much worse condition than before. She holds onto her stomach and walks to the fridge to pick up something for breakfast, but quickly remembers that the fridge was still empty from when she moved out of her parents' house a few days ago. As she opens the fridge door, she stares at a small carton of prune juice.

"Better than nothing, I guess," she mumbles as she takes the prune juice and chugs it down in five seconds. She then put on a pair of panties that had the same heart pattern as the one she wore yesterday, but was pink instead of white, and left out the door. She walks straight to work only to find out that she had the day off. At that very moment, she felt her stomach beginning to churn a lot.

"No, not now!" she whispers, holding onto her stomach. "I have to find a bathroom, fast!"

Nurse Candace runs down the street to the gas station only to discover that they didn't have any public restrooms. Getting desperate, she runs to the library which was closed today. She runs to an elementary school next, only to get kicked out for not being anyone's parent or guardian. Her bowels were hitting its bursting point as lets out a big fart that was heard by a passing fourth grade boy, who was just released for recess.

"Miss, are you okay?" the boy asked.

"Yeah," Nurse Candace replied. "I just have to use the bathroom, that's all."

"There's an outhouse in the field."

"Really? Thanks a lot!"

Nurse Candace, unaware that she is still in uniform, rushes straight to the outhouse in the fields with her hands on her butt desperately trying to keep them closed. But as soon as she arrives, closes the door, and jerks up her uniform, her bowels had suddenly let completely loose. Her panties began to turn a dark brown as her bowels had completely exploded into her panties. The brown flood were freauently followed up with very loud farts that strayed a mist into her panties. The flood dripped down her legs onto the floor at a fast and massive rate. By the time it was over, the entire floor was covered in a brown fluid. Candace stared at hr panties and discovered that she had also peed herself in the front.

Almost in tears, she picks uo a water bottle and hoses down her panties st the brown stain wouldn't be very visible. She applied hand sanitizer to her hands and steps out of the outhouse, just as the entire school was having a fire drill. She didn't know what was worse, how close the crowd was to the outhouse, how big the crowd was, the fact she was trespassing on school property, or the fact she crapped herself to the point that her mess could be smelled from a close distance. She crept towards the right in hope to escape the crowd, just as someone had stared in her direction and yelled, "Hey!"

*005*2012-08-25 17:27

{{:

I really like short installments such as this and sincerely hope there are gonna be more to follow. The attempt to cover it up and embarrassment in the second part is great. Third maybe?

}}

Nurse Candace found herself running away from several staff members of the school and a police officer, who just so happened to be in the area. She fortunately lost them by the time she made it back home. She jerks open the back door and rushed inside, slamming it behind her.

"That was close," she said, catching her breath. But at that very moment, she began to feel her stomach churning again and another massive pressure in her bowels. She rushes to the bathroom and took off her panties, not bothering to close the door. She sits on the toilet with her eyes open, this time, and stares into the toilet as she pushes out a massive brown torrent from her butt. She stops occasionally to catch her breath, then pushes out another torrent which was followed up by a big and juicy fart that released a mist into the toilet. She sighs in relief as she lets out three more wet and juicy fart before finally feeling something coming out. She lets out another big fart before catching her breath and pushing a very big log out of her butt. Though she stops every now and then to catch her breath, the turd continued to grow until it eventually came out in the toilet.

Thankfully, the turd wasn't big enough to clog the toilet when she wiped her butt and flushed it. After washing her hands, she went to her room to grab yet another pair of heart-patterned underwear, except these were actually bloomers and had more of a gray background. She didn't put them on yet because she planned to take a shower, first. She takes off her nurse's outfit and shoved it in the washing machine and turned it on. Of course, she adds the laundry detergent before the wash cycle began. Aware that the bottom part of her body was completely exposed, she went straight to the shower. She takes off her bra and placed it on the rack by the door. As she turns on the water, she begins to realize that she was forgetting something.

"Oh, crap," she said. "Where's my hat?"

Nurse Candace searched her bedroom as soon as she got out of the shower for her hat, only to see it lying on her bed. Sighing in relief, she put on her bloomers and bra and hopped into the bed. She ends up getting out of the bed an hout later to put her outfit and her hat into the dryer, then going back to bed.

The next morning, Candace wakes up to the birds chirping in the window. She gets out of bed and walks to the kitchen to take a medicine that helps with stomach problems and diarrhea. She follows it up with a big bowl of fruit and some yogurt. She then takes her outfit out of the dryer, puts it on, and walks out of the door.

As she checks in at the hospital, Nurse Candace began to gaze out the window at the flowers thar grew in a little garden. She seemed to adore the big red lillies that stood out from the others. She dreamed of her office being covered with those flowers.

As she almost faints when she walked into her office, she sits on her desk and turned on her laptop computer. She looks up the flowers that she saw outside and finds a background completely covered with them. Amazed, she downloads the picture and sets it as her desktop background. She could almost imagine sleeping on that flower bed one time. But at that very moment, she felt a pressure go into her bladder.

"Crap!" she whimpered, squeezing her legs together. "I thought the medicine could cure that! Wait, no, this is in my bladder. I can just hold this."

"Um, excuse me."

Nurse Candace shrieked as she quickly turned around to see who was behind her. It turned out to be one of the other nurses.

"Oh, Erin!" Candace said, gasping and holding her hand to her chest. "What's up?"

"Were you...doing something, just now?"

"Nah, I was just looking up a background for my laptop."

"If you say so... Well, anyway, I was just wondering if you had a needle or two to spare."

"I think I do! Lemme check!"

Canddace searches her desk for a needle to give to Erin, but remembered that she had used her last one the other day.

"Nope, fresh out," she says. Disappointed, Nurse Erin walks away. Nurse Candace, however, returns her hands between her legs in hope not to wet them. She wanted to rush to the bathroom, but she suddenly felt her stomach grumble. She runs to the fridge to grab a few cinnamon rolls. Though they were whole wheat, she didn't want to eat them all because of her fear of getting fat. But her stomach was telling her otherwise. She ends up eating only two of the six rolls, which by the way, were still fresh from the oven, just cooled to where she wouldn't burn herself from chewing on it. She was, at the same time, holding onto her hot water. Still feeling hungry, though, she ends up eating the other four rolls, which were frosted. She began to feel the pressure growing stronger, but she was able to hold onto it. But after six hours of working (which surprisingly, no one came to her office or made any appointments), she could feel her bladder finally reaching its bursting point.

She released a big drop into her bloomers, leaving a darkened patch in them. Then came the added pressure in her bowels, which made it difficult for her to hold onto her bladder. After another hour of desperation, her bladder had just reached the verge of bursting. But so did her bowels, which filled up to where she couldn't hold onto both. She ends up lifting her outfit. At that very moment, Nurse Erin opens the door with a box of needles in her hand. As she walks in, she stares at the stream pouring from Nurse Candace's bloomers as well as the brown mess coming from the back. Both torrents splattered on the floor, making a big mess below her. When it was over twenty seconds later, she saw her running to a corner to cry. Worried, Erin closes the door behind her, places the box on the desk, and picks up a mop.

"Of all places, why here?" Erin said as she mops up the mess Candace had made. She then approaches the crying pink-haired girl. In a heartbeat, the girl gets up and hugs her. At that same moment, Erin takes off her orange flower-pring panties and gives them to Candace, who took her bloomers off and tossed them into a bucket which she then filled with hot water and soap. Candace first wipes herself with paper towels, then puts on the pair of panties Erin gave her. Being a twenty-seven-year-old woman, she fears that she would regret doing that, as she is now walking around without any underwear (except the brown pantyhose that she was wearing). But she just coudn't let anyone walk around embarrassed like that. She then picks up her clip board and walks out of the room.

*007*2012-08-29 13:32

{{:

Part 3 awesome! Nurse Candace has some really bad days I would love to work with someone like her. Thank You for our sake hopefully she won't get better that way you'll keep them coming!

}}

I'll see if I can get my friend to let me draw her wetting herself in her heart-patterned panties. For now, here's another chapter to the story (this is her, by the way: http://Cartoonchixfanclub.deviantart.com/art/Jellybean9000-s-request-321969192?q=favby%3Ajellybean9000%2F50523277&qo=0

%http://Jellybean9000.deviantart.com/art/Nurse-Candace-WP-321653371

). :D

Nurse Erin went home that night very tired. She was practically half-sleep when she was working (her shift was from 5am to midnight). She walks straight to her bedroom and passes out on the bed, disregarding the fact she had never been to the bathroom at all that day, not to mention that she had consumed a large amount of coffee and some doughnuts.

Nurse Candace, on the other hand, came home with massive pressure building in her bowels.

"Oooh, I have to take a crap!" she moaned as she rushes straight to the bathroom, pulls down her panties, and sits on the toilet. "What is wrong with me, lately?"

She closes her eyes as she farts out the load that she had held in since her last accident, which was pretty much twelve hours ago. But because she was farting at tue same time, it came out in more of a misty spray than the usual stream. She stops after three seconds to catch her breath, then holds onto her stomach and pushes out another stream of brown liquid, which was followed up by a big fart when it all came out. Finally, she releases a sprinkly yellow spray that pounded the toilet. After it had all came out, she wipes herself with toilet paper, flushes the toilet, washes her hands, and went straight to bed.

The next morning, Erin wakes up feeling something wet. She lifts the quilt and sees a big dark wet spot on the sheets and her nurse uniform. She thought she had spilled something in her sleep, but after lifting her dress and smelling the dark spot, she thought otherwise. Yes, she wet herself in the bed. Though, she didn't feel very embarrassed since she didn't wear any panties; only her pantyhose and the bottom part of her uniform were wet. She almost didn't mind wetting the bed some more, as her bladder began to fill back up, until she remembered how much of a pain it would be to wash the mattress.

Instead, she gets up and puts on a pair of white silk panties (of course, she takes off her wet pantyhose, first), then spreads her legs a little and releases a very clear stream that almost looked as if she was pouring water in them. Her face turned red as she sighs and contnues to empty her bladder into her panties. At that very moment, Carla, her eight-year-old child, was creeping behind her when she saw the big stream coming from between her mother's legs.

"Morning, Carla," Erin said, trying hard to hide her embarrassed face. In a heartbeat, Carla ran to get the mop to clean up the mess. The only thing Erin was embarrassed about this at all was the fact her daughter was wet, too, from crawling in the bed.

An hour later, Nurse Candace woke up with both her bowrls and her bladder full. She quickly gets up to go to the bathroom, but when she approached the toilet, her bowels had let loose. Her panties had quickly turned brown as a massive brown stream had escaped from her bowels into them. At that same time, her bladder had bursted and darkened in the front. The two streams poured down from her panties onto the floor, but her bladder had emptied out seven seconds later. Having the panties already stained, she releases a big and wet fart as she sprays the rest of her brown liquid into her panties, which dripped down her legs in a much faster rate.

After it was over fifteen seconds later, Candace took off her the panties and tossed them into the sink. But it wasn't until she turned the water on to wash them when she realizes that those panties weren't actually hers. She shrugs as she wipes herself, washes her hands, and went to her room to change clothes. She didn't bother flushing the toilet because she didn't want it to interfere with the shower.

*009*2012-08-30 15:22

Oddly enough, he told me about this: http://i1188.photobucket.com/albums/z413/Jellybean250/20120727_024919.jpg

I'll ask him if he could draw Candace and Erin wetting themselves next to each other. :D

Here's what they would look like:

Nurse Candace

- Short, wavy pink hair that drops to her shoulders

- Purple eyes

- Very skinny, with a cute butt and slightly large breasts

- Light skin, a bit like a tan color

- Middle-size in height, like 5 feet and 8 inches tall

- Panties with hearts all over them

Nurse Erin:

- Long brown hair, almost like the color of Candace's turds :D

- Blue eyes, like the ocean

- Skinny, but has hips that are a bit wider and more developed than Candace's

- Has medium-sized breasts

- Light brown skin

- About six feet tall

- White silk panties

- Wears glasses

Now all I have to do is wonder which one has a bigger bladder. Then again, Candace is more than likely to crap herself, too. ;)

*011*2012-09-01 17:10

(Note: This might be the last installment for a while.)

Both nurses had the next couple of days off, so they had plenty of time to do extra things, like shopping. Nurse Erin went to the department store with Carla to get some groceries (and probably a few other things). As they pass the feminine hygiene aisle, Carla jokingly points out that her mother may need diapers. Although she was just kidding, Erin actually thought about it for a moment. She gets to the registers, just as her bladder started to fill up. This was fortunately easy to hold, as it seemed to only be a bit over halfway full. And the line didn't seem to be very long, so she decided to hold it until she got back to the car and drove to the movie store.

Meanwhile, Nurse Candace had just finished cleaning the panties that she had soiled when she began to feel bored. She wanted to watch TV, but all of the good channels were playing sports, which she didn't like (she has only local channels). Then, she came up with a brilliant idea. She first changes out of her nurse outfit and puts on a plain purple skirt that dropped to her knees with a white tank top that had a big heart print on the chest area with "Love" printed right underneath it. She ends up taking it off to change out of her bra and out on an orange one that matched the panties she were wearing, which were the ones Erin gave her (the ones she recently soiled and washed, and air dried, of course). she puts the shirt back on and walked out the door towards the movie store. Little over halfway, she feels a great pressure go into her bowels, and later, her bladder.

"Oh, crap, it's coming!" she said as she desperately put her hand to her stomach and ran to the movie store in hope to relieve these pressures.

Nurse Erin was just getting to the movie store when she felt her bladder about to explode. At that same moment, she stares into her rear view mirror and notices that Carla was desperate, too. Her legs were crossed, her face was red, her eyes were closed, and had both of her hands between her legs. They took off their seatbelts and ran inside looking for a bathroom. Eventually, they ran into the only public washroom in the store (the other one was out of order). As she looks inside the bathroom, she discovers that it was one of those individual toilet rooms. Seeing that she needed it more, she lets Carla into the room and closed the door.

At that very moment, she sees a pink-haired girl approach the bathroom with a hand on her butt. She seemed that she is holding in some kind of diarrhea. All of a sudden, she began to feel a pressure in her own bowels. She gasps a little as she is now trying to hold in her load, which she held on to for almost a week, now. She knew she couldn't hold them both in, but she could never soil herself in a store, especially since she fears that the load she would release would be a very big and solid one.

"Decisions, decisions," she wondered. After a while of thinking, she decides to just let her bladder loose. She closes her eyes as she lifts her nurse outfit (which she forgot to take off) and released a powerful stream into her red cotton panties that poured onto the floor. At that same time, the pink-haired girl next to her had literally exploded into her panties. She lifted her skirt and released a dribbling stream onto the floor, and at the same time, released a wet fart that shot out brown liquids into the back side, which didn't seem to bleed through until she made a second fart. The mess dribbled down her legs into her white socks.

Both of their bladders have emptied out twenty seconds later, but the girl seemed to have closed the gates on her bowels. Erin suddenly stares into the girl's panties and recognized the pattern on them. They were actually hers! Which means...

"Candace?" she thought to herself. She stares into the brown patch on them and suddenly comes up with an idea. She takes off her panties, strains them, and gives them to her. She then took off the ones she were wearing and hid them in a corner. Although she expected her to wear them, she didn't want to put them on; she was still holding the rest of her bowels. All of a sudden, she runs out the door into the alley. Having her own bowels about to burst, she decides to follow her.

Nurse Candace was desperately holding onto her bowels as she runs down the alley and suddenly approaches a garbage bin. She hides to where no one could see her and lifted her skirt. Before she was able to squat down, she sees a brown-haired woman approach her direction with her hands on her butt. She hides in the blind spot behind the garbage bin and lifts her nurse outfit, revealing her nude butt. She squats down next to her and began to inhale. She didn't want to release her bowels next to her, but she got to a point where she just couldn't hold it anymore. She lets out big farts as she explodes onto the ground. The wonan stares at her as thick brown liquids sprayed out of her butt, almost as if she was vomiting.

She notices that not one turd escaped her butt, despite how much liquid she farted out. Seeing that she had finished, she turned away and released her own load. Candace stared at the thick brown log coming out of the woman's butt. The log came out at a slow and steady rate. She begins to notice how big it was getting when it suddenly broke off. She stared at the size of the turd as she sees a bigger one coming out. The rate this one came out was a bit slower than the first, but it was slowly increasing in size. It had just came all the way out when the two finally recognize each other. They both grew an awkward silence as they were too embarrassed to say anything. They slowly walked back into the store with their eyes open wide, just as Carla was standing at the entrance.

"What took you so long?" she asked. Erin was too embarrassed to say anything as she and Candace went tot the washroom and washed their hands. They then picked out a few movies and went home.

That night, one of the employees of the store was called to clean up a mess near the washrooms. As he was cleans up the mess, he stumbles across a pair of soiled panties sitting in a corner. He picked them up and sniffed them.

"Jackpot," he says as he cleans them and hides them in his pocket.

*012*2012-10-20 16:01

(Okay, I know it been a while, but here goes...)

Candace's symptoms had slowly began to subside as a week had passed since she had her last accident. However, that didn't mean that she would still have explosive diarrhea attacks. One morning, she woke up and went straight to the restroom. She pulled down her panties, raised the toilet lid, and sat down. In seconds, she began to push several massive brown jet streams out of her butt. She grunted as she holds her stomach and pushes out her load in the quickest way possible. Fortunately, her bowels had emptied out in ten seconds, just as she wanted to pee. But nothing came out. She then wiped herself with toilet paper and flushed the toilet. After washing her hands, she had grabbed a bite or two to eat, and then went straight back to bed.

Erin was at work filling in for Candace's shift. She is now wearing a pair of red panties with pink hearts on them. She sits at her desk waiting for a patient to arrive. At that time, she was getting a bit desperate to go to the bathroom, which is locked for repairs (someone put cherry bombs in the toilets again), and the one in the room was for patients only.

"If only Candace had kept a portable toilet around," Erin said to herself as she tries to hold onto her liquids, just as a young girl had arrived for a checkup. Erin was shocked to see that the girl turned out to be her own daughter Carla.

Candace was fast asleep when all of a sudden she was awoken by her alarm clock. It was already noon, but she wanted to sleep more as it appeared that she wasn't feeling well; her body, especially her head, was as if she would burn someone if she touched them. and she's been trying her hardest not to puke. Adding to the mix of problems, her bowels and her bladder had both began to fill up at a fast rate. She held onto them, but at that very moment, she started to feel something climb its way up her esophagus. She immediately rushed to the bathroom and shoved her head into the toilet.

"I hate having the flu," Candace thought as she pukes into the toilet. "Why did it have to be me of all people?"

Candace wanted to empty her bowels and her bladder in the toilet while she was there, but she didn't want to risk puking on the floor which she would have to clean up-- and it wouldn't be pretty. She wanted to just go in the tub, but she didn't know what type of load she would release from her bowels. Having her bowels reaching a bursting point, though, it was worth the risk. But the exact moment she touched her pink pajama pants, her bowels had erupted like a volcano. She gushed a thick brown liquid into her panties which bled through her pajama pants and ran down her legs. She tried to stop it, but she couldn't. After the liquid flow stopped, she released a golden stream from the front side which darkened her pajamas in the front and made a puddle on the floor. She farted a little to see if she could push something else into her panties, but it turned out to be only gas left.

After she had found relief, she rubbed her hand up her butt to feel the mess she had made. She then slid her hand down her panties in the front and rubbed her crotch a little before turning on the water. There was already a set of clothes in the bathroom in case something like this happened, so she didn't need to go to her room. After the shower, she planned to go straight to the doctor for some medicine.

Erin had already finished her checkup on Carla when her bladder had finally reached its bursting point. She looked for a pail under the desk, but instead found an empty bucket. She pulled up her dress to reach her panties, but at that moment, she began to feel a warm stream going down her legs, making a puddle on the floor. Carla fortunately didn't see the accident as she had immediately went to the candy shop to get something to eat. The stream had stopped seconds later, but now Erin could feel something trying to come out of her bowels. She knew it was a big one, so she couldn't take any chances on messing herself.

She quickly pulled down her panties and sat on the bucket. She dribbled a little, pushing out what was left in her bladder (she had a very big bladder) before trying to push out a massive log out of her butt. The log had quickly went back up her butt as she got up to lock the door and move closer to it. When she sat back down, she sighed as she pushed a big brown log out of her butt. The log came out very long and huge as it coiled up in the bucket before finally breaking off. She farted a little before pushing out a second log that was just as big as the first one, but much thicker. The log was so thick that she had to break it to fit it into the bucket. Her third turd had made the finishing touch as it came out very thick, but was very short. She farted to try to push out more, but all that came out were mini turds that plopped into the bucket.

After she had pushed everything out, she had put a lid on the bucket and hid it under the desk. She then washed her hands before waiting for another patient to come, which turned out to be a short girl with pink hair.

*015*2012-11-19 09:20

{{:

Who then ...

( lol i like this story don't let it die :) )

}}

{{:

Loving this story :)

}}

I'll add more to this when I can, but for now, why not check out some of my other stories? :)

*016*2012-11-21 09:52

Erin tried her hardest to hide her..."load" from the girl's eyes as she began to examine the problem. Though it was obvious that it was Candace, it seems that the problem was that she was having constant explosive diarrhea attacks from a very upset stomach. Adding the fact she vomited once to the mix, it seemed that she also had influenza.

Erin picks up her equipment and lays Candace down on the bed. "Okay," she says, "I'm going to have to take off your underwear, if you don't mind."

Candace nodded as she pulls up her skirt and slowly slid down her panties. At that very moment, she began to feel something bubbling in her bowels. She squirms about to hold it in. She wanted to try to fart, but she knew that this was not gas. She turns over so that she lays on her stomach (which was a very bad idea in this case) and arched her butt upward. Erin takes a small wooden rod and slowly (and gently) inserts it in Candace's bumhole. Candace moans as she can quickly feel her control over her bowels slipping away.

Erin pushed the rod a little further up the hole when all of a sudden she slips on her own puddle in which she completely forgot to mop up, accidentally shoving the rod a bit too far up Candace's hole to where she might have to do some digging to get it out. But there seemed to be no need as she could notice the rod slowly coming out on its own. She'd touch the rod, if she didn't figure out what was causing it to move on its own. In a few seconds, the rod suddenly fired its way out and popped Erin in the face, smacking off her glasses, which landed safely on a teddy bear she had kept on her desk. She puts her glasses back on, just to notice something trying to come out of Candace's butt. Immediately, Candace points to the bucket under the desk.

"Give me that bucket," Candace said trying her hardest to hold in her load. Quickly, Erin takes the lid off the bucket and gave it to Candace, who quickly sat onto it and let loose into it. Erin can hear very loud "sharts" inside the bucket. Candace held her stomach as she erupts loudly into the bucket. She then holds onto Erin as she painfully pushes out a massive brown stream that splattered in every corner of the bucket. Finally feeling relief a half minute later, she gets up to wipe herself, only to discover that someone had also used the same bucket. She almost felt disgusted by not knowing who it came from when Erin suddenly pointed a finger towards herself.

"This...This was you?" Candace asked.

"That's right," Erin answered with a red face. Candace felt less disgusted from knowing that, but was still amazed at the size of it. She places the lid back onto the bucket and slid it under the desk. Erin blushed from telling Candace about her discovery, but felt better about admitting it.

After the examination, Erin gave Candace a bottle of liquid medicine to help control her upset stomach. She said to take a tablespoon of it once a day to keep her symptoms down. Once she feels completely better, she can come back to work.

That night, Erin comes home right after eating out at a local fast-food restaurant. She became so tired from working all day that she went straight to bed without going to the restroom or changing her clothes, only to get back up after worrying about Carla. She went to check her room, only to see her sleeping on the couch in the living room. Relieved, she went back to her own bed and went to sleep.

The next morning, Erin wakes up with a completely full bladder. She slowly walks towards the bathroom only to notice Carla inside it. She slowly walks away, just to feel her bowels about to let loose as well. She walked back to her room to sit on the bed, hoping that it would at least help keep her bowels from releasing. She squirms about to help keep her bladder from releasing, although it wasn't long before it lets loose, especially since she drank over forty ounces of soda last night.

Half an hour later, Carla came out of the bathroom and headed for school. Immediately, Erin gets up to go to the restroom. but the second she got out of the bed, her bladder had let completely loose. She dribbled into her panties before spraying down her legs and onto the floor, forming a very large puddle on the carpet. She eventually stopped the flow, just as she had felt her bowels about to let loose.

At that point, she said "Screw it" and just let everything go. She leaned forward and pushed a massive turd into her panties, forming a lump in the back. She tries to fit in more, but it seemed that she couldn't fit in any more, so she went to the toilet and pushed out the rest of her load into it, which came out as a very thick and long turd. She followed that with a brief golden stream and a loud fart. After pushing out a second turd, she wipes herself and flushes the toilet. She then dumps the mess in her panties into the toilet and flushes it again, and tosses the soiled panties into a bucket filled with soap and water. After washing her hands, she goes to her room to watch some movies on demand.

*018*2012-11-30 11:49

{{:

Very creative stories! And it seems that Candace has picked herself up a partner-in-crime (I'm Candace's creator lol).

Perhaps in the next chapter you can have her wetting herself in front of a guy that she meets?

}}

I'll think about doin' that this weekend, once I get some time off. ;)

*019*2013-01-04 14:55

About a couple days had passed since Candace had went to visit the hospital as a patient. She is now sitting at her desk filling out the paperwork for one of her patients. She couldn't help but wear a diaper in case she had yet another accident (purposely, it's because all of the restrooms that didn't have a "patients only" sign on them were out of order, and she and Erin were the only ones available).

Because of the short staff, the hospital was under an "emergencies only" state, meaning unless your life was in danger, you were not to step foot inside it. But Candace and Erin were both kind-hearted enough to accept their appointments anyway, considering that the hospital doesn't get many patients in the first place unless there was some kind of disease outbreak going on. But they had to do them in secrecy, otherwise they would get yelled at by the boss.

After the patient had quietly slipped out of the window, Candace was just about ready to fall asleep. She quietly pushed her paperwork to the side and rested her head on the desk, with her arms covering her face. She slowly closed her eyes and started snoring. Her consciousness had slowly drifted away. In minutes, she had fell into so deep of a sleep that her snoring could be faintly heard in Erin's room next door.

"Oh, boy," Erin said with her eyes pointed up. "What is that girl up to, now?"

An hour had passed, and Erin notices that the two haven't been getting any patients (or appointments) yet. She gets up from her desk to check on Candace, just as a slender young man had approached her and tapped her shoulder lightly.

"Excuse me, madame," he asked kindly. "Do you happen to know where I can find miss Candace Reuben?"

"Why, yes," Erin responded, "she's right through this door. I don't know if she's available, though."

"Can you check?"

"Haha, I was just leaving my room now to check on her."

The first thing Erin noticed about Candace after opening the door was that she was fast asleep on the desk. She approached her to wake her up, but when she tapped her or called her name, she did not budge. But when the young man placed one finger on her back, she started to sob quietly. "Victor... Victor..."

"Ooh!" Erin shouted as she felt some pressure go into her bladder. "Sorry, you'll have to excuse me. I need to use the ladies room."

The young man was left alone with Candace, who was still quietly sobbing the name "Victor" in her sleep. He could faintly see tears falling from her eyes, her arms and mouth covered in drool, and her right hand slightly pressing a clipboard onto her chest. He gently ran his hand against her face, but it didn't take long afterwards for her to quickly snap out of it. She slowly opened her eyes to see who woke her up from her nightmare.

"E-Erin?" She asked at first. But then her eyes began to focus. She gasped. Her heart started to pound.

"Is something wrong?" the young man asked. Candace then got up and hugged him tightly.

"I thought I'd never see you again, Victor..."

Indeed, Victor had been out of town for over two years, ever since they had spent that one Christmas night together. Even worse, he never told her that he was going to leave in the first place or why. Candace had almost assumed that he was killed by something. Victor wanted to let go, but Candace continued to press her body against him. The only reason why she released him eventually was because she had suddenly felt something go into her bowels.

"What's wrong?" Victor asked.

"Nothing," Candace replied, "I just have to go to the bathroom really badly."

"Well, why don't you just go?"

"The water's out, so all of the bathrooms are locked. And I can't use this one here."

"Why don't you just go in something, like a bucket?"

"They're all next door. Besides, I'm wearing a diaper, so I don't think that's really necessary."

"Well why are you holding it, then?"

"Because I don't really know how much it could hold...and I...didn't...want you...to...witness it..."

"Don't worry, I promise not to tell anyone."

"Really?"

"Really really."

"Okay, then..."

Victor eventually became curious. "Can I see what type of diaper you're wearing?"

Candace slowly pulled up her outfit and revealed a thin diaper with polka dots on it. As she did this, her legs started to shake. Then, Victor came up with an idea.

"How much do you want to bet that it could hold everything you put into it without leaking?"

Candace didn't want to attempt any bets. But with her bowels about to let loose, as well as her bulging bladder, what choice did she have? Besides, she had a crazy idea herself.

"Five bucks says it won't leak into your jeans," she dared indirectly as she sat him onto the floor.

"You're on!"

Victor immediately started to regret saying that, knowing that he has no change of clothes on him whatsoever. But then he thought that he would let this slide once. With her bowels just about to let loose, Candace plopped herself onto his lap, with her rear right below his belt. She took a deep breath while holding her stomach. Then she releases a quiet fart that vibrated on his legs.

"Okay, here it comes."

She held her stomach as she suddenly starts to explode into her diaper. Victor could almost feel the diaper quickly beginning to expand on him. The lump grew to the size of a softball, then it stopped. He could then hear a very loud hissing sound in the diaper that lasted a full ten seconds. After another few loud "sharts," Candace had finally got up. Luckily, neither of their clothes were stained or soaked.

"Well, looks like you lost," Candace giggled. Then she approached the bed. "Now, how about you change me?"

Victor knew that it was either that or pay her. He picked up a fresh diaper and approached his girlfriend.

Meanwhile, Erin had just made it to the restrooms, only to read "Out Of Order" on the door. Desperate, she ran straight back to her room to use another bucket, but with every step she took, she had spurted a little into her panties. And the minute she made it to the room, she had started to dribble down her knees. Knowing that it was already too late, she decided to just let it all go. She forced out a stream that went down her legs onto the floor. Realizing that she had no mop, she quickly stopped the flow and approached the bucket. She yanked down her panties, raised her dress, and leaned forward. She then released a stream that was so powerful that it not only missed the bucket, but it could be heard clearly in the other room.

"What's that? Victor asked, hearing the noise.

"It's probably just a water going through the ceiling," Candace replied, as she pulled her boyfriend over to her for a deep kiss.

*022*2013-01-22 07:53

You are? Suuuuuuu-WEET! :D

