Journey to Arnwick

Author: DsGSilver

*023*2018-04-24 02:26

Ladies and gentlemen, I proudly present the first chapter of Journey to Arnwick to be released in 2018... Nearly five months in. Sorry about the slowness.

But this chapter was a lot of fun to write, and I hope its a fun read, as well. A new major character gets a lengthy introduction. And, fair warning, there's a few very brief male wetting/messing scenes. I'm kind of testing the waters to see if people will be too upset by it, or not mind that much. Feel free to voice your opinion on whether or not you'd mind there being male scenes in future chapters.

Without further ado, I hope you enjoy.

###

A harsh sound, almost like the cracking of a whip, accompanied the crossbow bolt as it soared away from the weapon that bore it. Through the cool, night air it flew, before it sailed passed a hastily-constructed target, and buried itself into the bark of a tree.

“Damn...” Hazel muttered dejectedly under her breath.

“Imagine where the bolt is going to fly, not where you want it to fly,” Alma instructed. The monster hunter’s right arm rested in a makeshift sling after their encounter with the demon in the tavern. That had been a few days ago, and it was going to take many more until Alma could actually wield her favorite weapon again. In the interim, Alma had been teaching Hazel how to use it, in the almost inevitable event that they are attacked once again. Her training had begun yesterday, and continued in the early morning and late night, whenever the group was camped. And she was bad at shooting. Very bad. Alma was doing her best to tutor her, and insisted that she would come to learn how to use the crossbow with some practice.

But she wasn’t learning it. She missed most of her shots. Her arms were sore from holding the heavy weapon, and her hands ached terribly from constantly having to reload it and pull the tight string back. Hazel turned to Alma, intent on saying as much, but didn’t get a word out before Alma’s encouraging smile and a hint of pride in her eyes made her keep her thoughts to herself. Alma thinks I can… She thought, And Alma wouldn’t be wrong about something like that. I will make her proud.

Ignoring the cramps in her fingers, she tugged the string back, and fitted a bolt inside the weapon. She took aim at the target. She took a deep breath, then slowly exhaled as Alma had advised her to. Another harsh sound shattered the silence, and the bolt was let loose. Flying through the air, it pierced into the target, landing roughly halfway between the center and the outer edge.

Hazel felt a smile creep onto her face. She couldn’t help but feel happy on the rare occasions when she actually landed the shot. A rough-but-friendly pat on the back from Alma indicated she felt the same.

“There you go, Hazy!” Alma was almost beaming.

“Thanks, but...” Hazel began, but trailed off.

“‘But...’?”

“Well, I know this training is for emergencies, but I can’t help but feel that...” She paused for a moment, “Well, that if there is an emergency, I’m just going to wet myself and be too frightened to use it...”

Alma seemed to consider this for a moment, then said, “Let me tell you a story,” she gestured towards their campfire, and the two sat down near it, basking in its warmth. “On one of my first official hunts with Donny, when he was maybe nineteen,” she began, gazing into the flames as she spoke, “we took up a contract to exterminate some ghouls that had overrun a lumber mill and some neighboring cottages. Very basic stuff, childsplay, honestly,” it still impressed Hazel that Alma honestly considered slaying ghouls to be easy work, “so we set out, and before long, it became pretty clear that there was, indeed, a ghoul infestation.

The wildlife had all fled the area, the plants were suffering, and the air reeked. Now, this was one of Donny’s first hunts ever, and most certainly his first encounter with undead ever. Long before we even saw any of them, he was pale and shivering a bit. I tried to ease his nerves, told him how easy prey that ghouls were, and that worked a little,” she chuckled lightly as she reminisced, “Well, he got scared again very soon. The moment the fighting started, and he actually got face-to-face with one, all the color and life just drained out of him… and down his legs,”

“He wet himself?” Hazel asked, beginning to see the point of Alma’s story.

“To say he ‘wet himself’ is pretty forgiving. The poor thing sent half a lake’s worth of piss down his legs. And it goes without saying what he did to the seat of his trousers,” Alma chuckled again, and Hazel joined her. “But, do you know what happened?” Alma asked, and Hazel shook her head, “Once we’d cleared out the undead, we did a quick search of the area before deciding that we had killed all of them. We had not. As I sheathed my daggers and slung my crossbow over my shoulder, a crawler ghoul-” Alma noted Hazel’s look of confusion, “- a very fast and agile type of ghoul that likes to crawl on all fours- snuck up behind me.

It jumped from a rooftop, and slammed into me as my back was turned, bringing me to the ground. It started howling and clawing into my back while I was trying to shake it off. I was struggling as much as I could, but it was hardly any use. And then, with no hesitation whatsoever, Donny sprints over- piss still dripping off his legs- and shoots the thing in the chest. While it’s screaming in pain, he keeps coming, and starts bashing it with the bluntest parts of his crossbow, until it stops moving. I pick myself up off the ground, and help him finish it.” She mimicked the act of stabbing with her good arm.

“Now…” She continued, “I had neglected to tell Donny one reason I was so relieved that the day’s hunt would be easy and quick,” She put on a slightly embarassed smile, “I needed to empty my bowels, somewhat urgently, and was hoping to do so after the hunt had ended. Once the crawler was dead, I quickly noticed how little I needed the privy anymore, and how heavy my trousers had suddenly become.”

“I think I see what you’re trying to tell me, but, well, I’ve already seen it, Alma.” Hazel averted her eyes as she explained, “you’ve already both wet and soiled yourself in front of me. I understand that it happens to everyone, but-”

“That’s not the point of my story at all,” Alma interrupted.

“It isn’t?”

“No, Hazy. My point was that Donny, so scared he pissed and shit in his own pants, put his fear aside and charged into battle with the courage of a hundred men the moment he knew that he needed to. He and I have seen each other in dire need of a change of pants or underwear hundreds of times, but we always came to the other’s rescue, no matter how terrified we are. We did this because we knew it was the right thing to do. Being brave isn’t acting without fear, Hazy. It’s acting in spite of it,” Alma reached her hand out and patted Hazel on the back once again, “and I know that you’re very brave, even if you don’t,”.

Hazel looked up at her, unsure of what to say.

“And that’s why the crossbow training isn’t going to stop until you’re a master. Whenever you do turn brave, I won’t have you dying just because I didn’t teach you to use the damn thing,”.

“Okay, Alma,” Was all she could think to say, but, in all honesty, it was all that needed to be said, as she looked into her friend’s eyes with gratitude.

They stood back up, Hazel with crossbow in hand, and resumed training.

###

A young lady crouched in the bushes, quietly observing the two women. One of them appeared to have a broken arm, and the other could barely lift her crossbow. These two hardly looked like the “great warriors” she was meant to be looking for. She looked a bit more closely at the two, and even through the taller woman’s thick jacket, it was immediately evident that her physicality was impressive. As the tall woman seemed to be coaching the smaller one in the use of a crossbow, she guessed that the tall woman’s broken arm meant she had to relegate the duty of protection to someone.

One of them glanced in her direction, and she felt her heart skip a beat as she feared she may have been spotted. She quickly assessed herself, to see if there was any part of her that would be immediately visible. Her brown skirt covered her legs down to her ankles, and fit in well with the environment around them. Her white blouse certainly wasn’t blending in, but she was obscured enough by the foliage that it shouldn’t have mattered. It helped that she was not exactly a large person. She was only freshly nineteen years old, and even then, short for her age. Even so, anxiety began to get the better of her, and she realized that her light skin and blonde, fluffy hair were not exactly conducive to stealth.

A million sentiments of worry played through her mind as she wondered what they might do to her if they caught her. She knew nothing about these people, and worried that they could be dangerous.

Whether or not one of them may have suspected her presence, they both resumed their training, and seemed to forget about whatever it was that caught their attention. The hidden woman breathed a heavy sigh of relief, and felt her body gradually stop shivering. She hadn’t even realized she was shaking.

Very slowly, very quietly, she retreated further into the bush, preparing to head back. Whether or not they’re the ones we’re looking for, I should still tell-

Her thoughts were interrupted as she turned around and came face to face with a young woman in orange dress, almost bumping into her. The woman in orange looked at her with tired, inquisitive eyes. The woman couldn’t help but scream in shock, no matter how fervently she tried to suppress the sound. She stumbled backwards, until she tripped and fell, landing on her rear.

At the sudden commotion the other women had stopped their training, and were now walking towards them. The woman in orange stepped closer, then spoke, “Who are you, and why are you watching us?”

As the other two women closed the distance between them, the she noticed with dismay that they moved to encircle her. She was surrounded. She shook her head slightly, then forced herself to rise to her feet, determined to stand tall in the face of danger. Staring the woman in orange in the eyes, she answered “M-m-my name is E-emily...” Hearing the fear in her own voice caused her confidence to weaken.

Emily peered at the other two women from the corners of her eyes. The one with a broken arm had drawn a silvery dagger in her still-functioning left hand. The other was loading the crossbow, which was pointed at Emily. The one in the orange dress took another step forward, then spoke “And why were you watching us? What are you doing here?” Beyond being merely inquisitorial, the woman’s voice was cold, suspicious, and mean.

The questions were also almost perfectly synchronized with the rattling of a crossbow that had just been loaded and armed. The gravity of her situation was already crushing her; it was difficult to breathe normally; her heart felt ready to erupt out of her chest; and the harsh sound of the weapon being readied became the straw that broke the camel’s back.

Between Emily’s legs, her gray panties began to darken as bodily control faltered, and her bladder began to release. The hot stain grew from her womanhood, slowly spreading to encompass her entire groin, before she could feel the shameful heat beginning to spread to her backside. Emily blushed fiercely, knowing that she had begun pissing herself. Try as she might, she was unable to stop her release, only slow it. Two thin trails of hot urine trickled down her thighs, past her knees, and arrived at her feet, where they began pooling into the dirt.

Having slowed her urination, it was subtle enough that the women surrounding her might not even realize that she was wetting herself. Nonetheless, she was all too aware of what she’d done under her skirt, and she burned with shame about it. Though it felt like an eternity must have passed since she started to wet herself, it had only been a few seconds, and, after mentally collecting herself, she answered the woman’s questions, “I was w-watching you, because...” She paused to ponder just how much she should divulge to them, “M-my town is being attacked, and a witch hunter who’s protecting us said that some ‘great warriors’ should arrive soon. I was hoping to find them...” She was proud of herself for maintaining her composure while speaking, even though she could still feel the last of her piss trailing down her thighs.

The three women stopped to consider her words, until finally, the one with a broken arm said “Emily, is your village close by?”

“Y-yes,” Emily replied, “Just a few hours to the north,”

“And Emily?” The broken-armed woman continued. “May I see your hand, please?”

Confused, but not wishing to antagonize any of them, Emily complied, and slowly lifted her arm up, facing the palm to the woman. She stepped closer, then, with incredible speed, pricked Emily’s hand with her dagger. Emily shrieked in surprise and pain, and withdrew her hand, clutching it in pain. After a few seconds, she looked at the wound, and was relieved to see that it was little more than a deep scratch. It stung, but that was about all it would do.

“Sorry, Emily. The last ‘friendly’ person we met turned out to be a demon in human skin. I didn’t want a repeat of that encounter,” Seemingly satisfied with Emily’s reaction, or perhaps, lack thereof, she put her blade away, and signaled for the others to do the same with their weapons. “You can go, miss. And tell this witch hunter of yours that we’ll be along shortly,”.

“Y-yes ma’am,” The words came to her almost unbidden. Even with her arm in a sling, the tall, muscular woman commanded an aura of respect. Heeding her instructions, Emily turned and began to walk to the north, back to her home. Her face burned red with shame once more as she felt her shoes squishing with each step. She didn’t want to look behind her, but she was sure she had left a large puddle on the ground.

###

Alma, Eliza, and Hazel watched Emily walk away. Hazel had noticed very quickly that they had frightened the poor woman into urinating in her clothes. It took all the willpower she had not to drop the crossbow and hug the poor thing when she noticed the little pools gathering around her feet. Though, like Alma said, their last “friendly” encounter had likely instilled each of them with some long-lasting trust issues.

“So, what do you think?” Alma asked, breaking the silence. She glanced back and forth, between Hazel and Eliza.

“Her village is on the path we have to travel, though I wonder if it would be safer and faster just to travel around it,” Eliza intoned.

“But she said it was being attacked” Hazel rebutted, “They might need our help,”.

“Hazy, we aren’t in fighting shape,” Alma said, with a grim expression on her face. Hazel hoped dearly that her friend wasn’t about to suggest they leave these people to their fate.

“B-but what about that witch hunter? Something about ‘great warriors’? Surely we should see what that’s about,” Hazel was desperately trying to find something that would convince the others to not ignore the village.

“We haven’t been very subtle. We killed a greater demon just a few nights ago. In all likelihood, this witch hunter was just hoping that whomever was responsible for that would happen upon the village,” Eliza said.

“Well, what luck!” Hazel half-shouted, growing exasperated, “We were responsible for it, and we have happened upon the village!”

“Hazy,” Alma said sternly, “I cannot fight in this state, and the two of you can hardly fight at all, we would be no help to them,”.

“S-sure we would!” Hazel was on the brink of tears, “Eliza could make them potions, and you and I could...” Hazel stopped when she saw Alma’s face. She had a miserable expression, and it quickly became clear to Hazel that this decision was not an easy one for Alma. “D-didn’t you just tell Emily that we’d ‘be along shortly’?”.

“Yes. To make her leave, while we weighed our options,”

“It was foolish of them to make their homes in this place,” Eliza interjected, “If they are wise, they’ll abandon their village. Even if we saved them from this crisis, a new one would arise the moment we departed,”.

“B-but the witch hunter!” Hazel’s eyes lit up with an idea, “Someone like that would be ideal for fighting the monster in Arnwick! A-and you said it yourself, Alma, we’re in no fighting shape. We need their help,”.

“Hazy...”

“Alma just… please...” the last word emerged as a choked sob. She couldn’t bear the thought of leaving people that needed their help. Over the last several days, she had learned well what it meant to feel helpless, powerless. To come so close to death time and again. It was something Hazel wouldn’t wish on anyone.

Alma opened her mouth to speak, but closed it, as she looked sadly at Hazel. After a long moment, she sighed and said “All right, Hazel… We’ll go,”.

Hazel’s eyes widened, and she felt tears run down her cheeks. A smile came to her face, and she rushed forward to hug her friend, muttering “Thank you,” repeatedly.

“We’ll go to look, Hazel. We’ll decide what to do from there,” Alma’s tone made Hazel think that she had already made up her mind, and that she had decided to help out the village.

Eliza groaned in anger, “Your goodwill is going to get us all killed,”.

Their destination set, the group decided to turn in for the night. While the trip may be short, they were not likely to be in for an easy day if the goal was to save a village from destruction.

###

Glug

Glug

Glug

Tabitha let out harsh exhalation as she pulled the wine bottle from her lips. A grateful innkeeper had gifted it to her as thanks for the protection she’d offered the village. It was good. Certainly of a much higher quality than one would have expected out of such a meager village. But, in truth, Tabitha was most grateful for its potency. The intoxication was a welcome thing.

For four days, this village had been under siege from the living dead. For four days, Tabitha had stood at the forefront, vanquishing the fiends and protecting the innocents. And on each of those four days, as she stood, alone save for the few villagers bold enough to take up a scythe or pitchfork, she had shivered and shaken in fear. Swirling the red liquid around in its bottle, she chuckled lightly, recalling how a young girl had remarked how incredibly brave she must be, to fight such monsters, when, in reality, Tabitha had actually shit herself in terror. Even as the girl was speaking of her bravery, The seat of Tabitha’s trousers were bulging and browned. She was quite grateful that her coat hung well passed her rear, hiding her shame. Similarly, she was grateful that the undead had such a powerful odor about them, as her own odor was completely masked by it.

At long last, she was given something alcoholic. Something she prayed would grant her enough courage to face the undead without her body going numb. She was undecided if she felt it was comforting or not that she was far from the only one to lose control of themselves in these skirmishes. Every night, the dead attacked, and every night, most every man and woman who was courageous enough to stand by her side became paralyzed with fear at the sight of undead horde. The ones who survived almost always went home in wet and soiled clothing.

“Soiled clothing...” She thought, You would be hard pressed to find trousers more heavily soiled than the ones I’m wearing. Numerous accidents had left her dark green pants mildly discolored down the inner thighs. Though her long, brown leather coat hid her rear from sight, she knew the seat of her pants had turned brown. At least her boots had been spared most of the damage. A dark green doublet covered her ample chest, though with all the cuts, rips, and tears it had sustained in the fighting, Tabitha figured it wouldn’t be terribly long until the garment disintegrated off of her. She was caucasian, though much tanner than most from her time in the sun. Bright, reddish-orange hair hung perfectly straight from her head, down to her shoulders. As was tradition amongst monster, witch, and demon hunters, a wide-brimmed hat sat upon her head like a crown.

She looked up to the sky. It was dark. Very dark. They’d be here soon. The thought filled her with dread. She lifted the bottle up to her lips once more. Her drinking was interrupted by shouting. Setting the bottle down, Tabitha quickly patted herself down, ensuring she had all of her equipment, then sprinted towards the source of the noise.

“Emily!” The voice of a worried woman split the night. “Emily!” Tabitha could see her, now. A simply dressed woman was running around the village, calling for her daughter. Her face was a mask of unparalleled worry. Upon spotting Tabitha, the woman rushed towards her. She clasped her hands together, and, despite being out of breath, spoke quickly and clearly, “Madame Tabitha, please, have you seen Emily?!”

“Calm down,” Tabitha began.

“Please, just please tell me if you’ve seen her, I can’t find her anywhe-”

“Calm down,” She repeated, “Breathe,”.

“Of course, of course, I’m sorry...” The mother took a few deep breaths. “But… it’s almost time...”

“Emily’s a clever one,” Tabitha remembered Emily. The woman had kept her company during her days here. “I’m sure she’s safe, wherever she is,”.

“I know that, but… Can’t you please help me search for her?”

Tabitha suppressed a groan of annoyance. Since she arrived, she’d had to play mother for everyone here. While it filled her with a sense of pride and accomplishment, she was growing very tired, and with the attack about to commence, there was no way she could spare the time to help search for someone.

Not wanting to upset the woman even further, Tabitha spoke softly, “I’m sorry, miss, but-”

“THEY’RE HERE,” Someone screamed.

Tabitha felt her body go rigid. Time was up. Emily’s mother had gone very pale. The two of them turned towards the largely ruined eastern end of the village. Sure enough, several villagers were fleeing for their lives, a nightmarish undead horde advancing behind them. Tabitha heard a splattering sound, and worried briefly that her bladder had already failed her. She pat her crotch lightly, and was satisfied to feel no wetness. Turning towards Emily’s mother, Tabitha saw that she had not been so lucky. The front of her blue skirt hosted a large, uneven wet patch that was steadily growing, while large drops and streams of urine fell from between her legs, splashing heavily on the ground. A foul smell in the air indicated she had lost control of her bowels, as well. She was petrified with fear of the oncoming horde. Tabitha grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her viciously.

“Get to the town hall! Do you hear me?!” Tabitha’s shouting had no effect. The witch hunter raised her hand, and delivered a powerful smack to her cheek. That seemed to wake her up. “Get to the town hall, barricade the doors, and grab whatever you can use as a weapon!” The woman only nodded, so Tabitha gave her a little shove, “Go!”. So far, the town hall had served as a small fortress during these attacks. Anyone not taking part in the defense gathered in there for protection. Tabitha hoped it could hold for another night.

Looking back to the battle, Tabitha swore as she saw it had begun without to head the defense. Precious few villagers, surely no more than twelve of them, armed with weaponized farming tools or kitchen utensils were already engaged with the undead at the head of the pack. Tabitha drew her weapon- a masterfully made saber, forged with silver and heavily consecrated. It was a weapon made to slay the unholy by the thousands. She took a deep, deep breath, then charged into battle, sword held high.

Her eyes darted back and forth, analyzing the battle. She had a talent for doing so. She quickly counted that four of the villagers were in dire need of help. Almost immediately, she decided upon the order to aid each of them, before she charged into the bulk of the undead to draw their attention. This was the way the fighting had gone every night.

Firstly, a man and his wife had been driven back by a number of undead. Their backs were against the wall fo a ruined building, now. Tabitha sprinted towards them, as fast as she was able. A cluster of ghouls was surrounding them, and they had only pitchforks to defend themselves. A sheath of wetness was running down the man’s left leg, and a little down the right. As Tabitha arrived, she delivered a mighty horizontal slash into the group of ghouls. Like a hot knife through butter, her saber flew through them, casting ash and cinder into the air as the holy blade vaporized them where it touched them. She had slain at least six of them with a single strike. With a series of expert stabs and slashes, Tabitha dispatched the remaining ghouls as the young couple used their pitchforks to slay newly arriving ghouls.

“T-thank you, Tabitha!” The man said, real gratitude in his voice. She gave a curt nod in reply.

With the undead that were advancing upon the couple now after her, she ran for the next target. A middle-aged man wielding a woodcutter’s axe was felling ghoul after ghoul, while three children huddled behind him. He was slowly being surrounded, though, and it would not be long until he was overwhelmed. Much like she did with the couple, Tabitha ran up and cleaved several undead apart at once. She could see a wicked smile break upon the old man’s face as he and Tabitha began slicing the ghouls apart side-by-side. Once they were clear, she shouted to him, “Get the kids to the town hall!”

“I was trying to! Thanks for the save!” He gave the kids a shove to get them moving as he ushered them to the safehouse. She was relieved they were unharmed.

Third on the list, the town had a skilled hunter who was very adept with a bow. He was standing atop the roof a ruined building, trying to shoot the more dangerous of the undead before they reached the other defenders. But it seemed the undead had caught on to this strategy, as now crawler ghouls were scaling the wall of the building, and would soon be upon him. Sheathing her sword, Tabitha stood in front of the wall of the building. She coiled her legs, then jumped as high as she could, her fingertips just barely able to catch the edge of the roof. Straining her muscles horribly, she pulled and pulled, until she finally was able to climb onto the rooftop.

And just in time, as a crawler lunged onto the hunter, pinning him to the ground. It howled as it beat him furiously, and Tabitha could hear him screaming. She prayed she wasn’t too slow. She drove her blade into the crawler’s side, the holy blade killing it instantly. Kicking off the rooftop, she offered a hand to the hunter, who rose shakily to his feet, his face bruised. He was battered, but not severely injured. His courage was beginning to fail, if the large, lumpy mound in his pants was any indication, and Tabitha worried that he might retreat if he became too terrified. They needed his support. She patted him on the back, “Good work so far. Are you all right?”

“Y-yeah, I think so...” He was clearly very dazed.

“Just keep shooting, we’ve almost fought them off,”

Without another word, she leapt from the rooftop, into the middle of the horde. With a spinning slash, she chopped every ghoul around her into two, before advancing forward while continuing to cut down every ghoul before her. Once she cut her way out of the horde, she spotted the final person who needed assistance.

A woman, wearing trousers and wielding a shortsword (both apparently oddities in this village, though they were in no position to complain) was dueling with a powerful undead man. Unlike the ghouls, he was not slow and cumbersome, and he wielded a longsword. Tabitha knew she would be in trouble if she were forced to parry his attacks with her own sword. As powerful as her blade was, it was meant for laying the dead back to rest, not for sword-to-sword combat. Evidently, neither was the woman’s shortsword, as she was being driven back by his merciless onslaught.

Tabitha took a roundabout path to them, hoping to stab the undead man from behind. Just before she could strike, the man whirled about, as though told of her attack, and swung his sword at her. She jumped away at the last second. Behind him, the woman with shortsword took the opportunity to begin stabbing and cutting him as much as possible. Once again, he whirled around, swinging his sword at her neck. With a scream of fear, the woman ducked, narrowly dodging the huge attack. Even over the cacophonous sounds of combat, Tabitha could hear a loud PLBRTPLBRTPLBRT as the woman’s fear caused her to empty her bowels into her trousers, the seat of which rapidly darkened and tented outwards.

Though this attack nearly cost the woman her life, it was an amazing stroke of luck for Tabitha, as the undead man had lodged his blade within a wall, and now struggled to pull it free. Wasting no time, Tabitha swung her saber, and severed the undead man’s head. The body fell to the ground.

Tabitha helped the woman to her feet, and she struggled to catch her breath. After a few seconds, she reached a hand to her backside, and silently swore when she felt the large release resting there.

“It’s almost over, just keep fighting!” Tabitha said, the woman, still out of breath, nodded enthusiastically in reply.

Tabitha’s words of encouragement were not false, either. The horde was mostly destroyed, now. Tabitha ran into the bulk of the undead once more, slicing through them as they were mere weeds. As each of the defenders were galvanized by her display, they pushed the horde back, until they stood beside her, and routed the rest of the fiends.

As the young couple from earlier cooperatively drove a pitchfork into the last ghoul, the defenders began to cheer and celebrate, for they had survived another night. Tabitha, though more exhausted than she had ever been, found it difficult not to get swept up in the mood; after all, she had ended the battle without pissing or shitting her pants.

The impromptu militia gathered around Tabitha, cheering for her. She would humbly suggested that it was a collective effort, and that she didn’t deserve all the praise, but there was no air left in her lungs to do so. So, she settled for just smiling while she panted furiously.

Curiously, she noticed that her breaths were creating thick clouds of steam in the air. Seconds later, a terrible chill struck her, freezing her to the bones. Looking around, she was not the only one- the celebration ended before it could begin, as the militia now looked around in barely-contained panic.

Looking into the forest, Tabitha saw it:

A huge, twisted creature was peering at them from deep into the woods. It was shaped somewhat like a human, though its very large, feathery wings and oddly bent legs were evidence enough that it was not one. Just looking at it, Tabitha could feel her heart stop. And not start again. Panic seized her, and she averted her eyes from the creature, and pounded on her own chest. Her relief when she felt her heart begin pumping once more was immense.

The creature raised a hand, and from the ground in front of it, a monstrous hand burst forth. Pulling itself further above ground, an absolutely grotesque monstrosity, seemingly an amalgamation of dozens of ghouls now stood before them. The winged creature that summoned it vanished into the shadows of the trees, and the colossal ghoul then lumbered towards the village.

It was monstrous in its proportions. It’s body was muscled to almost comical proportions, and its arms were so long that it dragged them along the ground.

“What do we do?” Someone behind Tabitha asked.

“What do we do?!”

Psssssssss…

Tabitha could feel the liquid courage she drank earlier draining out of her, now. Her groin had turned hot and wet, and the front of her pants now bore a sizeable wet stain. She pressed her thighs together, clamping down as hard as possible. As the monstrosity drew closer, Tabitha felt as though the earth were shaking with every step it took.

Pssssssssss…

She unwillingly released more of her urine into her own pants. With her legs pressed so tightly together, the urine travelled across the front of her legs, staining the green fabric a darker green as little trails wound every which-way down her toned thighs. Once again, she forced herself to clamp down, and stopped further leaking.

“Tabitha, what do we-”

The man’s desperate question was interrupted when the colossal ghoul let loose an ear-rending roar, causing everyone to cover their ears in pain. Knowing any hope for at least semi-dry pants was gone, Tabitha stopped holding on, and fully emptied her bladder into her panties and trousers. The green fabric was flooded immediately as her water poured into them, the streams falling into a puddle below her. The insides and front of her pants were completely soaked through with piss.

The monster, through great effort, raised its arm into the air, preparing to slam it down onto Tabitha. The milities scattered, but Tabitha could not move. As she saw the arm descend, bringing certain death, she was suddenly pulled away. Coming to her senses, she saw the shortsword woman had pulled her out of the way at the last second.

“Come on! It’s almost over, Tabitha!” She said, lifting the witch hunter to her feet. Tabitha looked at her saviour. The woman’s pants also had huge dark streaks down her legs. It looked as though Tabitha wasn’t the only one to wet themselves at the sight of the creature. Inspired by the woman’s actions, Tabitha nodded, then readied her sword.

The monster swiped its gigantic hand across the ground, and the two women barely jumped out of the way. As they struggled to rise to their feet, the monster came close, preparing to crush them both. It raised its goliath fists, then stumbled backwards suddenly, roaring in rage as an arrow pierced its eye. Tabitha looked in disbelief as the hunter still stood on the rooftop, furiously firing arrow after arrow into the beast. He had bought her quite a window of opportunity.

She ran forward, ignoring the drops of piss slinging everywhere as she did so, swung her blade into the monster’s leg. Much like the ghouls, it flew through it, as though there was no resistance. It continued its agonized roaring, and Tabitha continued slicing, until she had fully severed the beasts leg. It fell forward, resting on its belly and holding itself up with its arms. If this thing was at all like other undead, then destroying its head should finish it off. This in mind, Tabitha ran around it, attempting to reach the monster’s front. The hunter continued to distract it, and the colossal ghoul was trying, in vain, to swat him.

Arriving at the beast’s front, Tabitha began to carve out a hole in its gargantuan chest. Its head was too high up for her to reach, and she decided that any damage was better than waiting for the head to come into range. Remarkably quickly, the monster’s attention shifted from the hunter to her, and moved its massive hand to grab her. Tabitha noticed all too late, and was lifted into the air as though she were weightless. The beast squeezed her tightly, and the strain caused her to drop her sword, which fell to the ground below her.

The ghoul opened its mouth, and prepared to devour her. She struggled hard against its grip, but it was pointless. She closed her eyes and turned away in fright. As she did so, her bowels voided with a noisy BRAAAAAAAAAAAAAP. The release was warm and wet, and she could feel it smearing across her rear and collecting in the space between her legs. The semi-solid mush escaped the cuffs of her panties, and numerous brown trails slid down the back of her legs, staining her pants. A foul squishing sound continually emanated from the witch hunter as she continued to soil herself.

And then, she was falling. She landed on the ground with a rough thud, and looked at the beast. The woman with the shortsword had taken up Tabitha’s saber, and cut off the arms it was holding her with. In pain, the beast fell to the ground, unable to support itself with only one arm. The woman threw Tabitha her sword, and in one fluid motion, Tabitha plunged the sword into the colossal ghoul’s head. It’s roaring was silenced quickly as the unholy life drained from it.

All was quiet for a time, as everyone caught their breath and awaited for further surprises.

But there were none.

The quiet was eventually shattered when a woman shouted “She’s killed it! She’s killed the monster!!”

“The monster’s dead!”

“Tabitha killed the bastard!”

All around, the townspeople had emerged from the town hall, and they and the militia were cheering and celebrating as though there were no tomorrow. Tabitha was much too exhausted to even try and disguise her accidents, but the people hardly even seemed to notice. Truth be told, after the strange creature had summoned the giant ghoul, it looked as though half the people hiding in the town hall soiled themselves, as well.

While the people were celebrating, Tabitha approached the woman who had saved her. The two talked for a time, both of them insisting that their own heroics were nothing, and that the other was the true hero. After a time, both of them shook hands and departed to wash themselves, and then sleep.

Every part of Tabitha’s body ached. Every part of her lower body needed to be washed. She couldn’t remember ever being so completely mentally and physically exhausted. She left the people to their festivities. After all, if the undead were going to continue bringing in stronger and stronger creatures, they might not have too much time left to celebrate.

She said a long prayer before she went to sleep, begging and pleading for the ones who slew the shapeshifting demon to find this village. They were dead men and women if help didn't arrive soon.

