Casual Margaret

Author: ed2

*018*2020-11-19 02:53

Sorry for an an extremely long wait. I wrote about half of this back in June, then sort of forgot about it, and only recently picked it up again. I don't think this is finished yet, but it needs maybe one more part, but here is what I have for now.

Hungover wakeup

On the early dawn of Sunday morning, Christina turned over on her back, and tucked the duvet around her body as pure reflex, as she was still unconciously in a deep sleep. It was so warm, and her body sweated heavily under the thick blankets, as she was still fully clothed. Her armpits, cheast and back were growing more and more clammy, almost moist. But it was far from the only thing that made her damp and clammy. She was sleeping in the middle of a gigantic, now mostly dried up, wet patch that covered an area almost a meter in diameter. Christina had never woken after she wet the couch in the middle of the night, now it was late morning several hours later, and the diuretic alcohol had dried out her body, making her bladder pretty full once again.

Without her mind being concious about it, her body slowly relaxed its muscles, and strong smelling dark yellow morning piss started to trickle out. It wetted her crotch, and stained an area around her pussy, extending alittle bit up her groins, then continued down her ass. A small puddle formed where her fit shapely buttocks dug into the couch, warming up her bum and inner thighs, before it slowly soaked into the cushions beneath her. This repeated itself a couple of times during the next several minutes, untill Christina's bladder once again was completely empty. She groaned softly, as she shifted and turned over on her side again.

Margaret woke up first on Sunday morning too, like she usually did. She had always needed less sleep than her friend, often waking up long before her when they lived together too, but on this particular day it may be more due to the fact that Margaret had been holding back on the drinking alittle bit, because she had had to pee quite badly for the last part of the night, while Christina had sipped freely until they left the party. Margaret turned over on her belly, and tried to fall asleep again, but she ended up just tossing and turning not quite able to doze off again.

She was probably all rested, she had slept for 7 hours afterall, and had been pretty much sobered up before she hit the sack. But there was also another thing that kept her from being able to fall asleep again. A vague twinge in her bladder. She wasn't desperate, but she could definitely have producesd a substancial wizz if she had decided to go for one, but she didn't. Instead, Margaret picked up her phone, and managed to pass possibly an hour or two just scrolling through pictures and watching meaningless videos on social media.

When Christina woke up on the couch some two hours later, she had no idea Margaret was awake in her bedroom. Christina just stretched out her incredible long fit body, she could feel a tingle from the tip of her toes to her fists as she tensed up, arched her back, gave a huge jawn, and then exhaled. Putting one palm on her forehead, she started to assess how she was feeling. A mild headache, as expected after a night of drinking. Her throat felt dry, and her armpits clammy with sweat.

After that thought, she suddenly realised something that was alittle bit worrying. She felt no need to pee. Christina was almost always dying to pee first thing in the morning, so that could only mean one thing. Fumbling alittle to get her arms under the duvet, she could confirm that she had royally pissed herself during her sleep. "Damn!", she thought, "why do I always have to overdo my drinking?". She lifted her butt slightly up to one side, just so that she could press two fingers deep into her asscrack, rubbing alittle on her asshole through her jeans.

"Thank God!", she said quietly when she exhaled. While it was all moist and soggy, she felt no mass or lump back there. You see, wetting her bed happened more times than not when Christina was drinking alcohol, but she would also occationally wake up afer having properly messed herself. It ought to be some of the most disgusting experiences ever, waking with your bum caked in chunky liquid crap. and even worse if there is a puddle of puke on your pillow too.

On two or three such occations Christina had actually thrown her bedding in the trash, instead of trying to wash them. Fortunately, that was not the case today. Today she had only wet herself, but in return she had wet her friend's couch, and she had done so royally. She fumbled alittle more around with her hands to feel around her. This ought to have stained through to the couch, it was soaked all around her. How was she going to explain this to her friend? Well, no reason to cry over spilt milk, she just had to bite the sour apple and get up.

Christina rolled herself off of the couch, and she felt a rush of air against her wet clammy butt as she stood up and started to strip off the covers. The white skintight jeans Christina had worn had turned a yellowy see through all over her butt and thighs. The sheet had a huge round darker stain almost a meter in diameter. She took off the sheets and coiled it up with the duvet covers. Luckily the couch was black leather, so it would take no permanent damage, but she felt the stripped off duvet with her palm, and it was alittle moist too.

"Shit!". She put it all in a pile with the sheets and then headed to the bathroom to clean up herself too. Entering the bathroom and opening the washing machine Christina saw that there was already something in there. She dropped her pile on the floor and reached into the drum to see if it was something that could be washed together with the sheets. "Eww!" Christina wrinkled her nose as she lifted up the fabric in the machine. It was only one piece in there, the jeans Margaret had worn last night, and it reeked of stale dried up piss.

Christina blushed, feeling kind of embarrassed about finding out that her friend likely hadn't made it in time when she sprinted in from the car. Embarressed, because it would be abit awkward when Margaret would notice that Christina had put on the wash, as she would know that she knew about her accident then. Truth be told, it also made Christina feel quite abit better about herself, pissing on her friends couch when she was only there as a guest. Atleast she wasn't the only one who had had an accident last night, and that made it alittle easier to admit and apologise for wetting the couch, wich she had to do afterwards. First however, she had to take a much needed shower. She undid the belt and proceeded to pull down her tight white seethroughy jeans, wich turned completely inside out, as the wet denim clung to her wet skin. Cold air rushed against her bare buttom as she bent down to tuck the whole pile into the washer, she set the program and hit start. Then jumped into the shower.

In the bedroom Margaret was still watching through Snapchat stories from last night, when she heard someone rumbling around and walking in doors in the living room. Christina is definitely awake, she thought as she turned over in bed and started rubbing some sleep out of her eyes. It was time for her to get up too, if this had been a normal Sunday morning she likely would've snoozed in bed untill the better half of the afternoon had past, but she felt it was rude to let her guest be alone, so she got out of bed and threw on a lousy T-shirt for modesty.

In the hallway she heard the shower running, and when she came into the living room she saw that Christina had stripped off the bedding on the couch. Nice, not all guests are that dedicated. She walked over to the kitchen sink, pulled out a glass from the cabinet and filled it. "Some water will help for the headache and hangover", she thought, while she subconciously lifted her right leg so that her thighs were sort of pressed together, and downed the whole glass. The glass was put down, and Margaret started to prepare some things that she and Christina could have for breackfast. Occationally she would stop and cross her legs as she was fetching something in one of the cabinets, or when she paused to get an overlook on what she had in her fridge.

Soon she had mixed together some easy breakfast for the two of them, concisting of bread, cheese and salad. Trying to stay healthy, right? She carried everthing over to the living room table, and turned on the TV while she sat down on the couch to wait for Christina to finish her shower. The need to take a leak was starting to feel uncomfortable. Even if she felt she had pissed up a firehose in her jeans last night, right before she went to to bed, it was now almost at the same level. She hadn't even drank anything since then, but the bladder must have drained her body and filled up rappidly during the night, like often is the case with alcohol. Her legs crossed, and rocking alittle up and down, she hoped her friend would be out soon, so she could go shower and release this pee herself. Luckily, just as she was about to consider her alternatives she heard the shower turn off, and a few moments later Christina emerged with wet messy hair and a towel wrapped around her body.

"I'm sorry, I hope it's OK that I'm dressed in only this towel for a while, I threw my sweaty clothes in the washer along with the linnen", Christina asked, and sat down at the other end of the couch. She bent down to her backpack that she had left at the floor the day before. "Actually, I can put on my clothes from earlier".

"As you please", Margaret replied, trying not to sound like she was on the brink of wetting herself. "You know I wouldn't care either way". She uncrossed her legs while trying to keep her thighs as closely locked as possible. "See, I just set out some food on the table, so help yourself if you're hungry". Margaret's torso inched forward and she slowly rose on her feet, before putting her left hand on her crotch and giving her peehole a good squeeze. "Now if ya don't mind, I'm going to take a shower, and if I'm bein' quite honest, I might have a vague urge to pee as well", she said with a smirk on her face as she gesticulated an only slightly exaggerated pee-dance on her way from the couch to the hallway.

Christina giggled. "You silly. You could've knocked... And you know, that's how it is every morning for me". The last bit she was almost shouting, as Margaret was already around the corner and out of sight.

In the bathroom Margaret removed her hand from the front of her panties, in the same move she also crossed her legs just to aid abit in her holding. This gave her enough time to take off her T-shirt, before stepping into the shower with her panties on. She gripped her thumbs inside the waistband and pulled them down, but the panties had only gotten alittle bit past her hips when she let go of her aching sphincter. Dark yellow morning piss started running down Margaret's thicc thighs, soaking the back of her panties, and making that characteristic dripping-water-in-a-bathtub sound as the pee hit the shower floor. She kicked her panties off, leaving them by the drain to rinse off during her shower.

Then she straightened her back and turned on the water, while piss was still pouring down with full force. Some trickled along her skin, some formed an unsteady flickering stream between her legs, and it all lasted well over a minute. "Ppprrrrffffsssqqqqcccrrrt". A fart ripped just as she was pushing slightly, to get the last drops of urine out. That fart had more substance to it than Margaret had anticipated, her stomack felt like it shuffled some air inside her guts, and a teaspoon of geasy brown mush squeezed between her bumcheeks. Without emotion, she just lifted off the showerhead and brought it to the lower of her back, then used her other hand to clean her crack. She would definitely need need to take a massive soft poop later in the evening, as she always did on a day after drinking. But it could wait. Now she turned around, started washing her hair, and just thought about what she and Christina should do for the remaining of their time untill Christina had to go home.

### Thank you for reading ###

*020*2021-05-23 21:44

{{On 11/19/2020 at 3:53 AM, ed2 said:

Instead, Margaret picked up her phone, and managed to pass possibly an hour or two just scrolling through pictures and watching meaningless videos on social media.

}}

A conversation in the group chat on Snap went ahead like this:

Mark: Anyone seen my sweater I wore last night?

Katie: Just a hanbag in the living room, a phone out on the balcony, a shitty pair of pantyhose in the trash, and fucking cigarette blunts all over the place. No sweater, srry!

Joe: I think you left it on a fencepost on the walk home this morning. You insisted that you didn't need it as the sun was getting up.

Mark: Sounds like we must've had a hell of party, right.

Katie: Oh, we definitely had a great party last night. Atleast judging by the pile of laundry I have to do today.

Maria: You're not actually cleaning out someone else's shit-in tights, are you???

Mark: Just toss the damn thing ffs!

Katie: Na, it's not that. I'm just married to a baby who pisses the bed every time he drinks beer.

Joe: Haha! Been there, done that!

Roger: Hey, Kat! Who was it that had to carry you home after Ella's bday?

Katie: I still didn't piss the bed tho

Mark: Freakin' lightweighters!

Joe: We've all done it. Especially you Mark! You're just usually too drunk to remember it.

Mark: Exactly! Lightweithers!

Maria: Ah, I see. If there is any consolidation, I have to do laundry now too I just followed through with a fart while hugging the big white telephone.

Maggie: I totally pissed myself as I got to the bathroom when I got home

Abby: Just a hanbag in the living room, a phone out on the balcony, a shitty pair of pantyhose in the trash, and fucking cigarette blunts all over the place. No sweater, srry!

The handbag is mine. I'll come get it tomorrow. Promiss!

Katie: Np, Abs.

Abby: And it srrsly sound like alot of you need to wear diapers for drinking!

Maggie: honestly, they might've come in handy sober sometimes too

Maria: True It's actually less than a week since I pinched a fat loaf in my workslacks at work. Todd had to bring me spare undies

Maria: Thank God that was a solid rn I'm having the hungover shits. Ugh.

Stephanie: Now we're getting gross here!

Katie: Agree. TMI. I was actually going to make breakfast. Not sure I want that now.

Joe: You started the shitty talk. Moron.

Mark: Lightweighters, and should I add Prudes.

*021*2022-06-29 20:02

Almost home!

"Did you have a good time last night?", asked Margaret as she came back into the living room. She had put on a white pair of comfy granny panties, and some really loose, light grey sweatpants on her lower half. The top half bein bare naked, except a towel that was wrapped around her freshly showered hair. Her two voluptous udders wiggled in synchrony as Margaret plumped her bossom down on the couch beside her friend.

"If I did! I haven't socialised this much in ages", Christina answered with a big grin on her face. "I did know some of them, but even the ones I had never met before treated me like an old friend, so I felt like I was really included".

"Countryfolks can do that to ya, you know.... But if you liked it, this is something we should try to arrage alittle more often", Margaret said.

Christina nodded: "Definitely! Actually, Mag, if we can find another weekend where we're both free from work,I demand that we do something like this again. I don't think I have had such a good time atleast since our graduation party".

"Even though that didn't end too well for you, did it?" Margaret said, and gave Christina an awkward stare.

It was true. On the last party they had had together in their student flat, after their graduation, and before everyone moved eack to their own, Christina had inconveniently ended up overindulging alittle bit on the liquor. Very drunk, almost legless, Christina had been sitting on the couch on the living room of their crowded little student apartment when she had felt the very familiar urge to take yet another wizz. She had just been for one, and it had been quite the struggle just to get there, not to mention getting all her clothes off in time, and then putting her clothes back on again in her state of drunkness. It was a hassle! So since she had just been, she assumed the urge she felt now was just a few stubborn dribbles that hadn't come out earlier, and her drunken blurred mind had somehow gotten to the conclusion that these few dribbles could very well just be let out into the gusset of her pink thong.

She even pushed alittle as she let go, a faint fart had been masked by the loud music, as a wet spot grew on her crotch and inner thighs and seeped into the fabric couch beneath her. It was alot more than she had anticipated, but too drunk to even realise that her plan hadn't worked, she just continued like nothing had happened with a dinner plate-sized patch on her her jeans, until she had passed out (luckily) on her own bed later in the night. Fully clothed. This was what Margaret were refering to. But what made Christina secretly cringe even more, was a part that Margaret didn't even know about.

The morning after Christina had awoken laying flat on her stomach. Bedsheets cold, damp and smelling of piss from her boobs to her ancles. Resting on her still jeans clad firm ass, and slightly smeared down her thighs and up her crack, were a rather large mass of freshly passed, still luke warm, soft, runny, hungover morning poop. She rubbed some sleep out of her eyes, then exhaled with a heavy sigh, and she just let her morning piss trickle out of her at a natural pace, rewetting and rewarming her clothes as well as her bed, until it tickled the skin below her belly button.... Everything was washed twice, but the cute pink thong had had to be trashed anyway.

"No", Christina blushed, remembering all of that. "But you remember what Todd used to say! It's not a good party unless atleast a couple of people has either puked, pissed or shit on themselves". And both girls erupted in laughter.

"That is definitely true in our circles", Margaret joked.

"And you fit right in as well", Christina joked back.

Their conversation turned in a different, mundane direction. Mainly boring gossip, or discussing different clothes and makeup articles, wich was irrelevant for the sake of this story. Alittle later Margaret suggested that they turn on a movie on the TV, and they did so.

###

"I think it's time for me to start heading down to the station now, my train is leaving in half an hour", Christina said as she stretched out her arms and yawned.

"Yep, I'll follow you down there", Margaret replied, "Just a sec", she said while looking around for the remote control to turn off the TV. "Alittle fresh air could be good, I almost fell asleep during the end of the movie there".

"I'll just nip to the loo first".

Christina disappeared into the bathroom. She turned on the tap before she sat on the toilet. Not because she was shy or anything, but alittle bit of extra privacy didn't hurt either. She pulled down her thights, spun around and sat down on the toilet. A weak and yellow stream made a clear trikling sound when it hit the water in the bowl. It lasted only a few seconds before it gradually died down, and everything became quiet again, except for the running tap. She just continued to sit there motionless, thinking about nothing and trying to concentrate.

"Mmhmmm...... Aaah". Christina had always as long as she could remember not only had a a small bladder, but also a very active bowels, wich meant she usually had to take a dump three times every day. For some reason she had been abit backed up this weekend, and she hadn't pooped since yesterday morning. The last time she had skipped this many poops it had ended in disaster. Maybe 8 months earlier, but she still remembered how that huge warm log had just flipped aside her thong and pushed down the leg of her tight blue jeans as she rode the elevator up to her apartment. She didn't want to risk that happening on her train ride home, so she bore down.

"Hhhmmm". A squeeky fart came out, and a few droplets of pee. "Aaah". But nothing seemed to budge inside her stomack. One last try. "Mmmhhgrmm......Grrrgh....... Aaaah! Fuck it". She sat there and panted for a while, before she wiggled her butt over the seat to drip drip dry, then pulled her clothes back on without wiping, and walked over to wash her hands.

Back in the hallway Margaret had put on her jacket and was ready to leave. Christina also put on her jacket, fetched her backpack, swung it over her shoulders and fastened the chest strap. The two girls stepped out into the nice but chilly weather, and they started walking down the sidewalk towards the train station, and as they walked they were talking about this and that, loose and solid, and nothing in particular. The sound of feet walking on gravel, then asphalt, the breezing sound of leafs rustling in the wind, and distant bird song could be heard whenever there was a pause in the chatting. They didn't walk particularily fast, but the distance was short, so they made it to the station with several minutes to spare. Not wanting to be disturbed by the other passangers waiting, Christina and Margaret stopped maybe 20 meters from the platform.

As soon as they stopped walking Margaret let rip an enourmeous fart. "God, I think I'm going to have the worst hungover shit when I get back, walking has just stimulated my bowels". Two smaller farts could also faintly be hear. "It feels like it's going to be a messy one!"

"I know the feeling", Christina replied. "Alcohol sometimes does that, but I'm having the opposite problem, I'm backed up since yesterday!"

"I don't get what you eat girl, to shit so much", Margaret said teasingly.

"Didn't you already know that I was full of shit?", Christina coutered with a smirk on her face. Both girls giggled for a bit. "So... How long's it been since you've last been then?"

"I haven't gone since Friday, when ya know, I didn't quite make it", Margaret said before let out a barely audible and airy fart. "God, that was a warm one."

"I bet it was, sure smells like it". Christina waved her face to proove her point, and kind of mock her friend. "Well, I hope you make it. That is always the most devastating feeling ever. Having an accident two times in a row."

"Yeah", Margaret agreed, "I guess. But actually, I have shit myself so many times before, but I don't think I have ever shit myself two times in a row, honestly". A short pause. "Wait.... Have you?" Margaret looked over at Christina. "You have, haven't you?"

Christina just shrugged her shoulders, "So... eh...", she pretended like she was about to change the subject, but then just gave in anyway. She had no embarrassment around a good friend like Margaret. "Yes, not often, but it has totally happened a couple of times. Always drunk though. Like I'll been hammered, and then shit myself at a party. Then I wake up the next morning, having shit myself again in bed". There was no time for a reaction on the confession that had just been made though, because as they were speaking, they could hear the locomotive dundering down the tracks.

"Well, here's my train. Thank you for a wonderful weekend, and we'll stay in contact!" Christina said, as the train pulled into the station and came to a halt at the platform.

"Likewise, I had a great time, and we must see again soon."

The two girls hugged quickly, before Christina speed-walked the last few meters ahead to the platform, and borded the train. Margaret remained on the spot for a few moments. She let out a couple of silent farts while debating whether should use a public toilet, or just go home. She didn't deem it that urgent, so she chose the second option, and started on her walk home.

The 2 hour train ride back to the city went rather uneventful. Christina had gotten up to use the toilet on the train twice during the ride, but only for two small pees. An effect of being constipated, it felt like her full intestines were pressing on her already peanut sized bladder, making her have to go even more often than normal. The other need she hadn't even felt an urge for during most of the ride, but about a quarter before they were due to arrive, there was some movement, and she started to sense a slight pressure in the rectum. By the time the train stopped by the platform, she also felt that she could probably need another piss sometime soon, but tired from the journey it was put to the back of her head.

Out on the platfom Christina concidered using the train station's bathroom, but she knew from experience that these toilets were usually very filthy, and she was pretty confident that she could hold it for the rather short distance home, so Christina walked straight pass the train station toilets and out into the cold but sunny autumn weather. She found the closest bus stop, she was lucky the line that went through the train station also stopped right infront of her apartment building. At the bus stop Christina fished her phone up from her pocket, to check when the next bus on this line was due.

It was Sunday, which meant the buses run alittle less frequent than on weekdays, and she was abit worried when she saw that it would be a 15 minute wait. She felt a twinge in her bladder, and subconciously crossed her legs. Would she have time to run back to the train station, do her business and then come back before the bus arrived? Probably not. Atleast not to poop, but maybe if she pissed alittle she would be able to hold her poop until she got home. She really didn't like the idea of the train station toilets though, so in lack of a better option she tried to hold on for a while longer.

There was a cold chill in the air this Sunday afternoon, and very few people were out and about, so there was little traffic to speak of. Christina was still waiting for the bus when she felt the next wave of urgency come over her. She pressed two fingers into her pussy and crossed her legs. Looking around herself, she saw almost no one. The traffic was low, a few scattered pedestrians at the other side of the road, and behind the bus stop it was just an open patch with pretty tall grass and some small bushes. Christina uncrossed her legs. While still holding her pussy tight, she relaxed her asshole for abit. "Ffffff!". Hot air gushed out and warmed up the space between her cheeks before it slowly seeped through the fabric. That eased the peassure alittle bit, but she knew it was only a question of time.

Having to hold it both ways was only going to make it impossible for her to hold her poop until she came home. She had to do something! Without hesitation Christina walked over to the open area with tall grass right beside the bus stop. She squatted down, almost sitting on her heels, pretending to just relax while reading her phone. With a backpack on her back and the phone in one hand, she used her free hand to inch her running tights just below her buttocks, that was just enough to make her pussy come free of the top of her pants. Her now bare bumcheeks tickled by straws of grass, she let go a trickling stream of piss into the ground below. It was a rather short pee. Towards the end her bumhole started to open up, but she quickly clenched it shut, stopping anything before it had a chance to come out. In one motion she stood up and pulled up her pants, right in time to see the bus coming down the street.

Having had her pee probably helped, because the bus ride home was rather uneventful, except two silent but stinky farts towards the end, which she hoped and thought no one could pinpoint to her. Other than that, she had little problem holding it while sitting down, the problem arose when walking the short disctance from the bus stop to her apartment building. Quite naturally, walking always seemed to stimulate her bowels.

Also, there was no bus seat or train seat aiding her tired muscles in holding back the large mass inside her, everything was down to her exhausted muscles now. Christina reached the front door of her building right as her ring started to give in. This wasn't a new experience for Christina. She had loaded her underwear when trying to make it home after work on multiple occasions. Twice it had happened when she returned from shopping. The difference this time was only that she hadn't been for a while, so it was going to be a particularily huge one. Her asshole started crowning as she locked herself into the entrance hall.

The solid lump in her rectum were slowly sliding out as she walked over to the elevator. In the elevator Christina stood with her legs tightly crossed, and that helped her stop her turd from protruding any further. Most of it was still inside, but the emerging tip was already touching cloth in her underwear. That support disappeared again, when she reached her floor and she had to uncross her legs to walk over to her apartment. The shit slowly sliding out step by step.

A substantial mushroom-head had formed in the back of her pants when Christina unlocked the door to her apartment. She swung inside, and the first log broke off. Her asshole didn't even attempt to close before a second load started. She took one step towards the bathroom before seeing that this was futile. Christina leaned on the wall and just gave up. Two, three, four logs finished snaking out and nestled up back there. A big sigh, followed by a curious hand reaching behind and feeling up the size of the bulge. This had to be one of the biggest dumps she had ever taken in her pants, but Christina laughed silently at herself when she had to add, atleast while sober.

###

Meanwhile, Margaret was walking back to her house after following Christina to the train station. About half way home she regretted not jumping on the bus instead of walking back. Her house was only 2 bus stops from the station, and she really could need the exercise, it was just that the walking seemed to have stimulated her bowels. The time had come for the poop she had felt brewing all day, and she actually had to clench her buttcheeks to hold back against the pressure in the rectum.

She turned up the road where she lived and stopped dead in her tracks. "Pprrrtt... prrtt. rrffft". A few squeeky and foul smelling farts shot out despite her hole being clenched shut full force. After a few seconds the wave subdued, and the air that had escaped actually made the urge marginally better. With renewed confidence that this was going to end as just another close call, Margaret continued to walk the few hundred meters left, she even smiled and said hi to a neighbour that was out raking leafs in the garden. When she turned into her driveway, she felt safe. "Thank God", she said out loud as she stepped up on her front porch, "I made it".

There was only one problem. She had left it alittle too late. Again. As Margaret purged in through her front door, her tired muscles started to give in to the pressure. Two steps infront of the bathroom door the wettest of all farts hissed out through her clenched tired asshole, "fffffprtfff", and from the hotness to judge it was not only air that seeped through either. A few table spoons worth of warm runny mud had slipped out alot with the hot pungent gas, and gathered between Margaret's asshole and her light pink granny panties as her sneakers that she had no time to take off swung themself into the only room in her apartment wich had tiled floors. With that airpocket gone, it was now the main and slightly firmer chunk of Margaret's sloppy hungover poop that was resting against her ring.

The muscles of her pelvic floor was too tired out and too exhausted to even anwer the brain's last desperate call for defence, just the smallest of a twinge in her intestines as she flipped the toilet lid up, and spun her butt around, was enough to push her asshole wide open. A really soft but still somewhat solid glob of hot reeking shit pressed through and sagged like a tennisball in the back of her light grey sweatpants. Margaret got a grab with her thumbs inside the waistband, she pulled her pants and panties down in one go, and sat her dirty bum down. The floodgates were relieved, a strong torrent of piss erupted into the bowl, and from the back chunkier bits and runnier spurts continued to spray and splash.

Margaret picked up her phone from a pocket in her sweater. While her body was still doing its business, she gently spread her legs as wide apart as her sweatpants allowed her to, and then she snapped a photo of the messy brown hammock that was now stretched out between her knees. This was a moment she had to share with the others in the group chat.

### THE END! ###

### THANK YOU FOR READING! ###

