Dawnswall (Interactive) - Page 9

Author: Poowrite

*204*2015-08-03 05:18

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Full / Mostly Empty

”Can't risk distracting Lucius. Bad enough that I would be putting him in danger, but he is the only thing between those ghouls and the girl. He seems to be dealing with them pretty handily. If I just hold my ground and keep this thing's attention we can outflank it,” you reason. The sounds of Lucius' battle become distant, as if you were hearing them from underwater, as you focus your attention on this strange creature.

It doesn't give you much time to size it up before exploding into motion. It closes the distance quickly, it's right hand raised and poised to come down hard. You bend your knees, prepared to leap to the side as soon as the hand starts downwards. Too late, you realize you've fallen for the creature's feint.

Rather than bring its hand down, it suddenly dips and rams its shoulder into your chest. You barely have time to react, drawing aether through your body and solidifying it into a shield in front of you. The impact is jarring, and you feel yourself leaving your feet and sailing backwards. You hit the ground on the back of your shoulders and roll into your momentum, coming back to your feet as the monster presses its advantage.

It's upon you as soon as you gain your balance, reaching out with both arms to draw you into a crushing embrace. You push outward with your magic, inflating an invisible bubble around you. The creature's arms slam into the bubble, stopping about half a foot from your body. The creature's face shows no emotion, but it hesitates as if confused by the bubble.

You thrust hard with your right hand, the curved edge of your scimitar diving for the creature's midsection. It realizes the danger a split-second too late. It turns aside, but too slowly to avoid your attack completely. The curved edge of your blade opens a line across the creature's stomach and a viscous black substance, like tar, oozes from the wound.

You and the creature separate after the exchange. Behind it, you see that Lucius has taken out a second ghoul and is locked in an exchange of blows with the final ghoul. Before you can plan out your next attack, you feel a familiar tingle in your chest. ”Someone else is using magic! But who...”

It only takes you a moment to identify the source of the spell. Aether flows over you like the current in a stream, convalescing around the gray-skinned creature. The temperature around you begins to fall sharply. Puffs of condensation evaporate in the air as you breathe. In the creature's hand, a crystalline ax of ice begins to form.

”Well, that complicates things,” you think, though more than you initially realize. The creature's spell sucks the heat out of the air, leaving you chilled and your bladder contracting. You feel the familiar, sharp pressure of needing to pee between your legs, but put the urgency aside. The monster seems to lack your talent for spell-casting. You get the sense that its... distracted as it constructs its weapon. You have a potential opening. Of course, if it really is weaker than you magically you might be able to disrupt the spell and keep it fighting unarmed...

1. All out attack!

2. Cancel its magic!

3. Other.

*217*2015-08-10 05:16

Calista's Condition: Perfect

Bladder / Bowels: Full / Mostly Empty

You make up your mind quickly. Big, strong, and with an apparent grasp of spell-casting, the creature is too dangerous to allow to be armed. You draw aether into yourself and focus it to your will.

With aether flowing through you, the creature lights up like a fire in a dark night. You can see bands of energy weaving together at a point in front of the monster and you know that they're crystallizing into the savage looking ax.

You start with the most obvious approach, counteracting the cold. You will the aether around you to heat up. At once, warmth caresses you as it chases away the chill in your immediate vicinity. You proceed to force the heat outwards, sending it marching toward the frozen ax as if it were an army. The monster seems to realize what you're doing and draws the cold around itself, protecting the ax from melting.

You frown, but find yourself unsurprised. Simply melting the ax had been a long-shot, but would have required less aether than the more surgical approach you're going to have to take now. You are keenly aware of the pressure building in your bladder, and know that you're not doing it any favors. But, soaked pants and a little humiliation were better than a split skull.

You switch to a more complicated approach, reaching out with your own magic and pulling at the threads of aether that the creature is weaving together. It's a subtle attack designed to weaken the structure of the weapon to the point of uselessness. The corner of your mouth twitches up into a confident smile. The creature seems oblivious to your sabotage. It only takes you a moment to discern the structure of the ax as it forms, once you understand how it is built you begin making surgical strikes to the aether creating the ice that makes up the ax. By the time the creature finishes its spell, it clutches a wicked looking crystalline ax that you know is more fragile than glass.

The creature charges you once again. It holds the ax high above its head, telegraphing its attack as soon as the charge begins. You brace yourself, remembering how it had feinted you before, but this time the creature does as your predict. The ax comes down hard, colliding with a weak barrier you had constructed around yourself. The weapon explodes into a thousand fragments that shimmer in the moonlight as they drift through the air.

With the creature completely exposed, you go on the offensive. You grab the handle of your saber with both hands and charge in hard, leading with the point of your weapon. You drive it into the monster's midsection and feel it punch all the way through. The monster roars in agony, and from the corner of your eye you see it raise its left arm and form a fist. Clearly, it means to smash your skull.

As you withdraw, you see a flash as moonlight glints off a large sword. You recognize Lucius standing behind the monster, swinging his sword in a high, horizontal slash that takes the monster's left arm off at the elbow. It screeches in agony, the high-pitched sound echoing loudly and shattering the stillness that had settled over the night. Thick, black fluid pumps from the stump of the creature's arm. You try to jump back, but the vicious blood hits you full in the face.

“GAAAK!” You cry out, stumbling backwards and trying to rub the blood out of your eyes. Some got into your mouth, and the taste of rotten bananas assaults your taste buds. You spit until your mouth is dry, trying to rid yourself of the taste.

You clear your vision in time to see the creature catch Lucius under the chin with a hard blow. The big man staggers backwards and the monster darts away from him, away from you, into the shadows.

Lucius wastes no time rushing to the girl's aid. She scampers away from him, pressing her back against the wall. The poor thing's mind must be racing a million miles an hour. She doesn't know if Lucius is friend or foe. “Calista... can you do something for her? With your magic,” he asks.

You could. It was a tricky technique, but you could link up with her, take some of her terror upon yourself and impart some of your courage onto her. You could probably calm her down, find out her name, and get her somewhere safe. But, then again you might be able to catch up to and finish off the injured monster. Or course, with the adrenaline starting to ease off you can feel just how badly you need to empty your bladder. And compounding that, you feel a heaviness settling into your lower abdomen as well...

1. See what you can do for the girl.

2. Chase down the monster.

3. Other

Calista's bowels have gone from Mostly Empty to Full.

