The View From The Living Room Sofa

Author: Noot

*000*2021-07-13 20:05

This is a multi-chapter commission from @ed2

! Enjoy

###

It was only the second week of the academic year, and I was already bedridden. Perfect.

Well, not quite bedridden; I could still drag myself around the house like a sloth. Whatever I’d picked up- Fresher’s Flu, as Becky had diagnosed me- had come on over the weekend, and by Monday it was bad enough that I was forced to concede defeat. There was no way I was getting on that bus into campus in my condition.

So instead I’d reported myself sick and tried to get back to sleep, but my room was stuffy and small and I was never good at napping while the sun was up. Defeated, I had lumbered downstairs and stretched out on a sofa as my new housemates left for class, one by one, telling me to feel better soon on their way out. At least sick days had been vastly improved since I was young- the whole Netflix catalogue made for much better viewing than flicking through a few dozen channels and hoping one of them was showing something decent.

That was where I stayed for most of the day, flicking lazily through my phone while keeping one eye on The Office. Every now and then I would get up and walk to either the kitchen or the bathroom. Neither were more than a few metres. The ground floor of our surprisingly well-furnished student house happened to be pretty much open-plan. From the sofa in the living room I could see the front door, downstairs bathroom and garden. The kitchen sat just over my shoulder. The only interior walls on the entire bottom floor were the ones designed to stop you from seeing anyone on the toilet. I usually preferred to go in the quieter upstairs bathroom, but today there was no need.

It was just starting to get dark when the sound of a key in the lock announced the first of my new housemates returning home. Violet was a tall, slim girl with chestnut hair that hung down to her waist. She stood well over six feet, and a strip of ankle was always showing where she struggled to find trousers long enough for her legs. Yet despite that, there was a certain grace to the way she moved, and a thoughtfulness in her eyes. I often thought that if a giraffe took human form, they would look something like Violet.

She stepped through the door in skin-tight denim jeans that accentuated a butt she had good reason to show off. Above the belt, an indigo crop-top left her perfectly flat belly exposed. Violet wore crop-tops like they were going out of fashion; one of the first things I ever noticed about her was her belly button, which was barely a hole at all, but more like a swirl of smooth, cream skin. Then there were her breasts. Becky had drunkenly whispered to me once that boobs that heavy on a girl that tall were what she called a chiropractor's dream.

From the moment she closed the door, I could tell that something was off. She carried two plastic bags in each hand, and heavy ones at that, bulging with freshly-bought food... but there was something more to it. Violet didn't walk in so much as shuffle, legs wedged tightly together. Still, there was nothing unusual about the smile she gave me as she carried her shopping past me and to the kitchen.

"Feeling better?"

I turned to get a better angle. "A bit. Thanks". I answered her question, but in reality I was preoccupied with trying to figure her out.

"How was the lecture?"

Violet rolled her eyes. "Boring," she grumbled, "and pointless. It could have been an email, I reckon". Now she looked even more unnatural in her posture, almost as if she was shifting from foot to foot while she unloaded the bags. I could see only her top half- those long legs were behind the kitchen table- but her heavy breasts were unmistakably jiggling as she moved. I felt my nipples stir beneath my bra and forced myself to look at her face instead. There was a distracted quality in what were usually calm, still blue eyes.

I let her keep unpacking without saying much more, but by then I was pretty sure I knew what was going on. I knew exactly how it felt to come home needing to pee, but we'd only known each other a week, so she could be forgiven for not wanting to make it obvious by abandoning her shopping and heading straight for the bathroom. Besides, by my assessment, she couldn't be that desperate. The toilet was a few metres away, and Violet kept on unpacking the food, slotting it away into one of our two silver fridges or her cupboard.

I unpaused The Office, not wanting her to think I was watching. Sure enough, though, as soon as all of the groceries were unpacked she crossed back through my line of view and into the little bathroom. Maybe I was imagining it, but I was sure there was an element of panic in the way she moved, as if she was speed-walking to quell her aching bladder. I heard the bolt slide shut behind her. Then, a few seconds later, the faint, muffled sound of wee hitting the water began. Even over the TV, I knew that noise too well.

I didn't want to be listening in- it felt wrong to eavesdrop on what was supposed to be a private moment for a girl I barely knew- but it was impossible to pretend I didn't hear it. And the flow went on for a very long time. By that measure, she really had been desperate. When the toilet eventually flushed and she emerged from the room, I tried to read Violet's face. If she was trying to hide the relief from her expression, she wasn't doing a great job.

She went up to get changed soon after, and I found myself wondering if her underwear had stayed entirely dry.

###

I'd always liked Halloween. Never in an obsessive, hyper-decorative, spend-hours-making-your-costume kind of way, but I used to love it as a kid, even though we only went trick-or-treating a few times. My memories of that day each year tended to blend into one, all a melting pot of pumpkin smell and sweets and TV specials. In my mind, Halloween came and the sun never came up, from morning to night again, and some time around five people would start knocking on the door with bags and bowls to fill up until it was time to turn off the lights again.

And this was my first Halloween away from home, suddenly hundreds of miles away from my family and the house where I'd grown up. It felt strange. For the first time in my life, I didn't have any candy waiting by the door to give out to hopeful kids. For one thing, it seemed unlikely that there would be any trick-or-treating in a run-down Student neighbourhood in the heart of the city at night. For another, even if anyone did come by, we were sure that the music from the party we were throwing would encourage them not to knock.

But I'd still at least found the time to sit down and catch one of the Halloween specials of Friends whilst waiting for the party prep to start, and that's where I was when the knock on the door came at six 'o' clock. It was a frantic knock, three raps in quick succession, as if the person outside was in a rush to get in. I got up and took the few steps towards the door, and when I opened it I wasn't at all surprised to see one of my housemates outside, fidgeting like a loon.

Freyja was named after the Norse Goddess of beauty, sex and war, and she had the right look for all three. Redheaded, with flawless smooth skin and eyes that could pierce armour, she was someone who found almost as much ease in finding boyfriends as she did dumping them. I'd seen Freyja at work at parties and clubs, and it was remarkable how much she changed when she was around guys. At times it could be like knowing two different people. Dating was chess to her. At home, when it was just her and her housemates, she wasn't so tough.

The other part of Freyja that didn't seem to be particularly tough was her bowels. I'd known her for not even two months, but even I'd noticed that the girl pooped a lot. We all knew her routine by now: one dump in the morning, about ten minutes after she'd had her coffee, and another after she got in from her study group around five. Except she must have been delayed, because today she was home an hour late. And judging by the way she was standing, knees bent, legs dancing, she hadn't found anywhere to take her afternoon crap so far.

“Thank you,” she said, “I forgot my key again”. Freyja closed the door behind her and started to take off some clothes. It was a chilly day and she’d dressed accordingly: thick black gloves, a red scarf and a beanie hat all came off one by one, followed by a coat heavy enough to smother Violet’s skinny frame. All the time she was removing her outdoor clothes, the girl kept squirming, making no secret of the fact that she needed the loo. She was not one for shyness where the bathroom was concerned. Freyja preferred to wear her heart- and her overactive bowels- on her sleeve.

When she'd hung up all of her clothes, she started to run- not walk, run- to the bathroom opposite. She took long, quick steps, clenched fists swinging like pendulums on either side as she moved. Not for the first time, I reflected that she was lucky nobody was in the bathroom when she'd got home. Making it up the stairs to our other bathroom in her state was no guarantee. When Freyja had to go, she usually had to go pretty bad. So I decided to have some fun. I don't know exactly what made me call out to her.

"Freyja, wait!" I said, just as she was about to close the bathroom door. She turned to me, eyes wide.

"This had better be good, I'm dying for a shit," she said, hopping from one foot to the other and then back again. If her legs were pressed any closer together she could be a ballet dancer, I thought.

"Sorry," I said, faking nerves, "it's just... I need to tell you something". I twiddled my fingers around each other and took a few timid steps towards her. My acting must have been better than I thought- she looked genuinely concerned.

"What is it?"

"I need to tell you..." I drew it out a little longer, enjoying myself; Freyja was literally shaking from the effort of keeping her cheeks clenched. There was a long, long pause. Then I stuck out my tongue. "I need to tell you that I'm messing with you. Go for a shit".

Freyja's face melted into thunder. Wordlessly, she flipped me the bird, whirled around and closed the bathroom door behind her. All she left with me was a case of giggles and the faint smell of silent, but very deadly, farts that she'd let slip out.

I was standing closer to the bathroom door than I had any reason to be, so I heard every little detail: the plastic seat hitting porcelain with a loud clatter, Freyja unzipping the front of her tight jeans and pulling them down to her ankles, her taking a seat, and then...

A noise so loud that the whole house could probably have heard it even if the music had already started. I'd known Freyja was not a quiet shitter, but this was on another level. Some god-like cross between a fart and a bucket of water being poured into the bowl rang out through the crack under the door. There was a huge, totally unashamed moan of relief from the girl inside, who as far as I could tell was currently taking one of the biggest craps a human being had ever managed. I couldn't help but laugh, picturing her sat there, a total prisoner to her body. And to think I had held her up...

I tried to imagine what would have happened if I'd kept Freyja there for another few seconds. A ruined pair of underwear, for sure. Maybe worse. Probably culminating with my head on a spike outside her room.

Smiling, I went back to the kitchen to pour myself another drink.

###

I think it goes without saying that I hadn't planned to spend Bonfire night alone, but my lecturer had seen fit to set us an early morning exam on November sixth, so I found myself in a dark, empty house, watching Netflix again on the TV in the living room while Fireworks crackled outside. My housemates had begged me to come out with them- there was a party just across the street- but I'd just about held firm. Turning up drunk wasn't likely to be a good look for me, and I needed my first real test to go well.

I was close to calling it a night when I heard a key in the front door. The sound made me sit up a little straighter. It couldn't have been later than midnight, which was hours before I'd expected anyone back. Was something wrong?

Whoever it was was taking a while to get in. I could hear them fumbling with the lock as I paused the TV. Just as I was about to get up to open the door for them, though, it swung open quietly, throwing a woman's silhouette against the indigo sky for a fraction of a second.

Then Becky stepped in and flicked the switch, and the illusion was gone. I winced away from the sudden flood of light as she closed the door behind her with a careless crash. When I opened my eyes again, she was wiping rain-dampened feet on the welcome mat, leaning on the coat stand with one hand for support. It toppled under her weight and she barely kept her footing.

Becky was everything Violet was not- short where she was tall, stocky where she was slim, olive-skinned where the other was pale. Busy, bushy hair hung tied up behind her head. The only things they had in common were heavy, full breasts and a fondness for drinking games and loud music.

Clearly, she was drunk, but I was puzzled as to why she'd come home alone, and so early. Then I clocked the dark patch on the front of her jeans. It was at least the size of an orange, and markedly darker than the rest of the denim. In the harsh light that she'd just dropped us under, the telltale sign was unmistakable that she'd had a little too much booze at the party.

Becky kicked off her shoes and started towards the bathroom. Halfway across the room, she spotted me there, lying under a blanket on the sofa. Her eyes focused on something for the first time.

"I didn't see you there at all," she said. Her voice was just a little slurred, but the words seemed to come out easily enough.

"Good night?" I asked, stifling a yawn with one hand.

She walked past me as she talked, clearly eager to get to the toilet. "Yeah, big queue for the toilet though. Had to come home before I pissed myself". Her heavyset frame had disappeared over my shoulder.

Should I say anything? I debated it only briefly. Of course I should. “Looks like you did piss yourself,” I teased, “at least a little bit”.

She laughed from the bathroom. I couldn't see her from where I was lying, facing so my head saw only the door and the TV. Already Becky was peeing a furious stream into the bowl, and she didn't hold back the sigh of relief that followed.

"That happened just down the road," she informed me, "you know how it is when you're desperate, the closer you get, the harder it is to hold in".

"I know exactly what you mean," I said with a rueful smile. By now the conversation was being soundtracked by the last of her pee trickling into the water. It felt weird to have a conversation with someone sitting behind my head, but I didn't want to turn over on the off-chance that being watched on the toilet creeped her out. Then again, she was the one who'd left the door open...

In the end I didn't need to move, because Becky got off the pot without flushing and reemerged into the now well-lit living room. She was butt-naked from the waist down. If she had any objection to me seeing her ass, or the dark mass of pubic hair that she wore, she didn't show any signs of discomfort. In her arms she carried her jeans and panties, bundled up tight.

She must have seen me looking at the soiled clothes, because she said "I didn't want to pull them back on, they're all wet and cold. I'll wash them tomorrow".

I saw a glistening on her crotch where she'd apparently forgotten to wipe and made myself look at her eyes instead. "You sure you want to leave them?"

"What do you mean?"

It was hard to keep a grin from my face. "Well, for me it wouldn't be an issue, but with you weeing in them... who knows how bad it might smell tomorrow?"

Becky made a face somewhere between outrage and an effort not to laugh. With one hand, she flung the pink panties right at me. They landed softly just below my chin; I'd been teasing her, but they really did have a strong pee smell to them up close. I tossed them back like they were a grenade, and soon we were both laughing hard.

"Fuck you," she told me, picking them back off the floor. She was either too drunk to realise that she was flashing me her bare bum when she bent over, or she was the kind of person who just didn't much care. Either way, though, I was pretty sure she didn't know that her pussy was peeking out of the gap between her legs. In an instant, she'd straightened up and it was gone again.

"Night," she said, without looking over her shoulder.

"Night," I called back. I watched her climb the stairs half-naked and, when she was out of sight, turned with a yawn to play the last few minutes of the episode.

*002*2021-07-16 23:47

Mornings in our house could be hectic at the best of times, but there was a particular kind of chaos in those which came the day after a party, but when everyone still had classes to get to. That was the reality of November 6th, when I found myself sitting on the sofa eating cereal while three hungover zombies shambled around the place trying to get themselves together in time to catch the bus into campus. I'd been dressed and ready to go for half an hour, so there was nothing left to do but enjoy my breakfast in peace.

Violet had already come and gone, wrapped in a dressing gown, to get a glass of water before heading back upstairs to shower. A few minutes later, Becky turned up and rushed past me into the bathroom. "I need a poo so bad," she'd complained, and I hadn't seen her in the five minutes since.

Freyja was the last to show her face. She hobbled down the stairs in an impressive state. Her hair was dishevelled, her eyes groggy from sleep, and she was still in the same clothes she’d worn to the party the night before, minus the jacket and shoes. Her left hand was buried in her crotch, grasping and squeezing her pussy like she was trying to find some handle to grab on to. She walked hunched over, limping just enough that it was noticeable, and her whole body bounced as she walked. I had no doubt she'd had plenty to drink the night before- by the looks of things, the redhead had also forgotten to use the toilet before bed. Waking up desperate after a night of heavy drinking was an experience none of us were unfamiliar with, but for Freyja it seemed to be a regular occurrence.

"Don't you dare laugh," she said hotly, "I just woke up about to piss the bed. I've had to walk downstairs like this".

I spread my hands defensively. "I wasn't going to laugh," I lied, "are you alright?"

When Freyja saw that the downstairs bathroom was locked, she groaned. "Fuck, Violet's showering in the other one". She limped over to it and banged on the door. I couldn't help noticing that she never once stopped squeezing her pussy, as if she was worried that she'd soak her pants there and then if she stopped. "Becky? Can you please hurry up?"

I couldn't hear the exact words of Becky's reply, but it didn't take a genius to work out that she was saying she needed a few more minutes. Freyja let out a frustrated groan and went back to squirming on the spot. She leant on the wall with one hand and her feet took turns in lifting and lowering, like she was jogging in slow motion without really going anywhere. Her fingers dug so hard into her crotch that I was surprised she didn't give herself a camel toe. "I really can't hold it much longer," she groaned, jiggling restlessly.

I felt for her, but Becky was probably having just as bad a time in the bathroom as Freyja was outside of it. We all knew by now how bad Becky had to poop in the mornings after she'd drunk a lot, and when she got to the toilet, it was far from a pleasant experience. She was probably as good as glued to the seat in there. I knew I didn't envy whoever had to go in after her- when I'd done it before, the smell alone had been enough to make me never want to touch alcohol again.

Just as I was about to ask Freyja if she needed to pee in the sink, the girl stopped fidgeting all at once.

"Fuck," she hissed, taking a step back from the wall. I could only see her back, but that was all I needed to know that she was losing control. Then again: "Fuck!"

The back of her jeans bloomed from blue to navy, a stain spreading like wildfire. Within seconds she was soaked from her crack to her inner thighs, and rivulets streaked down as far as the ankles. That vice-like grip on her pussy had only done so much. Hot pee was flowing indiscriminately through the gaps between her fingers and cascading onto the floorboards below. She looked a mess, desperately trying to stem the flow. For a while the only sounds were her heavy breathing and the soft patter of pee on the wood beneath her bare feet. Then she groaned again. "Argh, nooooo. I can't stop it".

"Might as well finish now, mate," I said quietly, "at least you'll feel better".

I saw the change in posture as she took my advice. Her shoulders sagged, her head bowed and she stopped trying to fight it.

When it was done, there was barely a square inch of her jeans that wasn't clinging wetly to her skin- front or back.

"I can't believe I just pissed myself," she moaned, "bloody hell, I haven't pissed myself since I was little". It was strange for me to hear her sounding so upset.

"It happens to everyone," I told her unhelpfully.

She gave me a look that said she appreciated the thought, but that she didn't want to hear my sympathies. "Not to me," she said. Then she leaned towards the bathroom door. "Take your time, Becky, it's not an emergency anymore".

When Freyja moved towards the kitchen, I could hear the squelch of her drenched socks with each footstep. Bizarrely, I found myself wondering if they were still warm. Just as Becky had the night before, my housemate seemed eager to get out of her wet clothes as soon as possible- although these were quite a bit wetter. For the first time since she'd dressed for the party, those jeans came off, along with a black thong that I'd never expected to see a girl like her in. They were bunged with her socks in the washing machine.

This time I did turn to watch.

###

December came by quicker than any of us expected, and along with it our first real houseguest of the year. Four advent calendars hung on one wall of the living room, which was where I was sleeping for the weekend. Violet was in my bed, and her little sister Tia had been given Violet's room. I'd insisted that I would be the one to sleep on the sofa, not least because I liked the spaciousness of the room and the comfy cushions. My room was a little too cramped and stuffy for my liking, and the window muffled little sound.

Despite being a year younger than her sister, Tia was still old enough to get drunk, and that was exactly what we'd done the night before. The clubs would be packed on a Friday night so we stayed at home, playing card games and word games and generally filling ourselves with just about every kind of booze we owned. She was taking a gap year and seemed to revel in seeing the kind of nights that awaited her every weekend once she was in a house of her own. And- much to my pleasant surprise- she was plenty of fun.

I was woken up by the sunlight, but it wasn't long after that that Becky came trotting down the stairs, distress clear on her face. She was in bubblegum pink pyjamas, loose-fitting and almost childlike. One hand was pressed cartoonishly against her bum, while the other clutched the bannister to guide her down. In my grogginess, it took me a few seconds to figure out what was going on. Then I remembered- Becky always needed to take a dump after a night of drinking. It was as reliable as the sun coming up in the morning. The smell of farts seemed to hang in the air around her.

I noticed that, despite her obvious need to get to the bathroom quickly, Becky was tip-toeing as quietly as she could. In our house it was easy to be woken up by people moving around downstairs. I had to admire her selflessness.

She looked me dead in the eyes and mouthed something to me. I wasn't a hundred per cent sure, but it looked like she was saying I'm gonna poo myself. Now that the banister was gone, she used her free hand to rub a bloated belly that was grumbling noisily.

"Are you okay?" I whispered, concerned. My reply came in the form of a fart, barely-audible but definitely real. It slipped out and was muffled by her pyjama bottoms.

"No," she hissed back, "can't take big steps". It had taken her almost a minute to get just halfway to the bathroom thanks to the way she was waddling.

"Touching cloth?"

Becky nodded at me. "Big time," she whispered, and I couldn't hide a silent laugh. "I'm surprised I didn't sleep right through it".

"Has that happened to you before?" I asked.

Before she could reply, I realised that Becky was growing a tail. She swore under her breath, but it seemed that her hand wasn't enough to keep the poo in anymore. Her mess was finally forcing itself out of her, and soon she had a four-inch tent in the back of her bottoms. "Fuck it, I can't make it," she decided aloud. With the next step, her 'tail' broke off and fell to nestle in the crotch of her bottoms. They sagged down in the middle like someone had dropped a snooker ball down there. The now-useless hand came away, and a second later the sag got deeper as another log slid out and landed on the pile. That patch of thin fabric was darker now than the rest, not quite brown but it was clear enough that there was something brown lurking just behind it.

Already I could smell it, thick and earthy. I knew I should be grossed out watching someone crap themselves right in front of me, but the feeling of disgust never even crossed my mind. It seemed perfectly normal to me that someone whose bowels were so ruined by booze might have the occasional accident. In a way, I was surprised this was the first time I'd ever seen her mess herself. I'd witnessed more than enough close calls.

All of a sudden it was like a weight had been lifted from her shoulders. Becky still couldn't walk normally thanks to the heavy load weighing down her bottoms- she had to hold them up at the waistband to keep them from slipping down to her ankles- but she seemed to move far easier with the fullness of her colon evacuated.

"Come in with me?" she asked quietly, jerking her head towards the bathroom, "I don't wanna wake the others up by talking too loud".

I closed the bathroom door behind us as quietly and slowly as I could, and when I turned around Becky was carefully dropping the turds from the seat of her bottoms into the water. One splashed loudly, while the other hit the porcelain with a noticeable thud. Then she turned, sat down and started have her morning wee, explaining to me what had happened while I perched on the edge of the bath.

"I woke up absolutely bursting," she said, "like, I think there was a log already sticking out when I got out of bed. But I think Tia was in the upstairs bathroom. So I tried to get downstairs in time, but I think I knew I wasn't gonna make it".

She stopped peeing abruptly and reached for some toilet paper to wipe with. Then, unexpectedly, she pulled the waistband of her bottoms down to show me the huge brown stain her accident had left behind. "Think this will wash out?"

In truth, I had no idea. I'd never needed to wash a poop stain out of cotton before. "Does it usually wash out of those pyjamas?" I asked.

Becky smiled. "I've only had to try once before," she admitted, "but yes, it did... eventually".

###

The first time I saw Violet have an accident was on the last day before Christmas break. I was in the kitchen, the only one at the house, packing everything I would need to take back to my family for the next three weeks. There wasn't much. Perishable food was put aside to either be used that night or thrown away, and most of my equipment and cutlery was nothing we didn't have plenty of back at home. I was dressed warm even though I had no plans to leave the building; It was freezing outside and our heating sucked.

Violet herself had ventured out into the cold for the first time in almost a week. From somewhere- we had no idea how, because nobody else seemed to be affected- she'd picked up a stomach bug that had had her running back and forth to the toilet since Tuesday morning. She'd skipped all of her classes, afraid of what might happen if the urge hit while she was on the bus. Violet was not nearly as bold with her toilet habits as Becky or Freyja, but she'd confessed to us that she'd had a few close calls even at home.

The only reason she was risking it on this particular Sunday was because she needed to get down the street to her local bank and deposit some cash so she could afford the train ticket home. I would have gone for her if it was anything else, but the bank needed her there in person. We could only cross our fingers for her.

Around half an hour after she left, Violet texted me. I'd kept my phone nearby in case she needed anything, and what I got was a message that looked hastily written.

Forgot key. Almost home. Open door!!!

I put down my wooden spoon and rushed to the front door, opening it just in time for Violet to storm through with cheeks as red as roses. She'd gone to great lengths to shield herself from the cold and looked to be regretting it now. Unbuttoning her coat was an agonisingly slow process; her gloved hands fumbled with each button for several seconds before she could move on to the next. Beneath it all, her legs were pumping furiously like she was on an exercise bike.

"I'd just left the bank when the urge came on," she explained breathlessly, "I really don't think I can wait any longer". The woman shrugged off her coat and let it fall to the ground, too desperate to worry about hanging it up.

Her inhibitions seemed lower now she was on the verge of an accident, I noticed. Usually it would be rare to hear her admitting to even needing to pee, unless she was drunk. And I'd never heard her say she had to poop except in the form of overly formal euphemism. She'd only told us she had an upset stomach and that she "nearly paid for it a few times".

This was different. She was standing in front of me, openly admitting that she not only needed a shit, but she needed one so badly that there was a question over whether or not she would make it to the toilet in time. As fast as she could manage, Violet's coat, shoes, gloves and scarf were heaped on the doormat and she marched for the bathroom door. I followed close behind, not sure what else to do. There was pain in her expression that could only come from stomach cramps.

The worst part was that she very nearly made it.

She got as far as the bathroom door before it started. With one last moan of pain and anguish, this graceful, dignified woman started to lose control. I could only watch, helpless, while she emptied her bowels into her pants. I'd seen half a dozen or more people mess themselves in my life, but never anything like this before. The sound alone was like nothing I'd heard yet. It was like a long, soaking wet fart, mixed in with a noise that was rather like gravel being poured into a bag. That was when I heard Violet swear for the first time ever.

"Oh, shit," she wailed, feeling the seat of her jeans timidly. I was a few metres behind, but I could imagine how they must feel to her- warm, heavy and strangely thick compared to normal. "I was so close, too".

Sensing how upset she was, I went to give her a hug, but she took a step back to escape my arms. "Don't get too close, I'm really gross-"

I persisted, stepping closer and putting my arms around her shoulders. "It's okay," I told her, "I don't mind. We knew this might happen when you went out".

"It's not that," she said glumly, "it's just- I'm kind of still..."

"I know," I told her, "it's fine. I'll help you clean up". I didn't know how she was going to react, because something told me Violet hadn't had an accident in a very long time. She seemed too proper, too well-put together, to be a regular pants-ruiner. While Freyja had explosive bowels, I'd never seen her poo herself and her bladder was far less strong. Becky, on the other hand, had proven that she was prone to the occasional messing but seemed sturdy when it came to pee.

But Violet was different. I'd rarely seen her desperate and never seen her not make it, and I didn't want her to worry too much. So I led her as gently as I could to the bathroom, closed the door with me outside and went upstairs to grab her some clean clothes. By the time I got back, the shower was running. I left the clothes folded outside the door and sprayed some freshener in the air to mask the smell of her accident.

When she came out, wrapped in a fluffy towel, neither of us mentioned what had happened.

*003*2021-07-17 18:00

I was the first to get back after the Christmas holiday, not least because I happened to live closest to the city. I returned to an empty house on Friday, and decided to make the most of the peace and quiet by chilling out in the front room for the weekend, before everyone returned and the drinking and parties resumed in earnest. It had been an interesting few weeks- I'd missed my housemates more than expected, and we'd tried to keep in touch over social media. As much as I like my family, it felt good to be back again.

So I found myself alone on Saturday morning, in a house only a little aided by the weak central heating, lying under a pile of blankets on the living room sofa once again. While my friends liked to spread their free time between here and their bedrooms, I almost exclusively stayed in front of the TV, only using my own space to change, sleep and masturbate. It was too small, too stuffy and too dark in there. Down here the windows were wide, the space was plentiful- and it helped that the bathroom was only a few steps away, too.

That Saturday morning, though, I hadn't counted on any company for at least a few more hours. I was barely even dressed when the sound of a key in the lock made me freeze, half-naked. I drew the blankets up around myself to cover up my top half, thinking it could be the landlord coming to check something or inspect the house.

When Freyja walked in, dragging two huge suitcases behind her, I was hugely relieved. She pulled the cases inside and shut the door, then got straight to kicking off her shoes. The girl moved frantically, as if itching.

"Good Christmas?" I asked, half-amused by the sight of her. She abandoned her shoes by her bags beside the door and turned to me.

There was fire in her cheeks as she tugged off her gloves one by one. "Yeah, but I'll tell you later," she promised, "absolutely gasping for the toilet".

"Freyja, wait," I said, trying my best to keep a straight face, "there's something I need to tell you".

She narrowed her eyes at me. "Don't you dare try that again". Then she was walking past me, towards the toilet, squirming all the way across the wooden floorboards.

"Wow, you really do look desperate," I mused, watching her go. She rarely squirmed anything like this, especially sober. "How long has it been?"

"Eight hours," she told me, "and it's not just a piss either. God, this is hard to walk". Normally she would have reached the bathroom ten seconds before that point, but she was walking as if an invisible man was holding her back, dragging her by the shoulders to keep her away. "I've never needed both things this bad at the same time before". She was getting closer, though, and soon enough she was inside the bathroom. I noticed that she didn't bother closing the door, possibly because she didn't think she had time.

I could only see what happened next from my seat, ten metres away and with no view of her front except in the mirror that hung above the toilet. She started fumbling with her clothes, then swore. "This fucking belt!"

Freyja tugged at the thing, trying to loosen it enough that she could lower her jeans, tear down her panties and collapse onto the toilet in time. Just as I was about to go over to offer my assistance, she shit herself.

It happened all at once, it seemed: one second she was struggling with her belt, battling to keep control of her bowels and swearing under her breath. Red hair bounced off her back when she jiggled around. In the mirror I could see her face, glaring down at her crotch, trying to focus on undoing the thing. The next second she was standing there defeated with what seemed to be a monster poop sitting in the seat of her jeans. I saw the reflection of her eyes close, saw her give up and sigh as it came out of her. The bulge looked heavy and huge.

No sooner had her bowels finished translating their contents into her panties than her bladder gave up as well. I couldn't see all of it, the way she was facing, but I saw enough of those jeans turning dark to know that Freyja was pissing her pants. She seemed to completely abandon the idea of the toilet there and then, instead turning to step into the shower and leaning with one hand against the wall. At least there she wouldn't leave a puddle to clean up when she'd finally finished emptying her tortured bladder.

I didn't say a word throughout the whole accident, and when she was finished, Freyja walked out of the shower again and back into the living room. She went to try her belt again and found that it came undone easily now she wasn't struggling so much with her body's needs.

"It's bad enough that I pissed myself twice in a few months," she said, "but now I've actually shit my pants too. Jesus".

"What happened?" I asked, as sympathetically as I could manage.

"The train was delayed, I was waiting for an extra hour," she moaned, "and there were no toilets on board. I kind of thought I might end up shitting myself, but when I got in the house, I thought I was safe".

"Belts are a dangerous thing," I told her wisely. "Need help cleaning up?"

She gave me a warm half-smile. "Nah, thanks though. Just need a long shower and some clean clothes".

###

While I happened to witness my housemates having plenty of experiences with their bladders or bowels over the course of the year, by Valentine's Day I was mostly preoccupied with another prevalent need: sex. I hadn't been laid in months, mostly due to a string of bad luck at parties or with dating, and it was starting to take a toll on me. I had gotten into the habit of taking care of my urges in the comfort of the living room, when I was sure I was home alone. And on February 14th, a particularly sexy scene in a Valentine's special I'd found on TV got in the perfect mood for just that kind of session.

I'd just slipped one hand under the waistband of my sweatpants when my phone buzzed with a text from Violet. I knew exactly what it would say before I read it.

Forgot key again, can u open door?

Reluctantly, I slid my hand back out into the open and got to my feet, leaving the blanket in one corner, unsullied. Violet always left her key at home, and it usually ended up being found on the kitchen table by whoever was still in.

The walk from the sofa to the front door was no more than a few steps, and yet Violet still managed to beat me there. By the time I grabbed the handle I could already see her silhouette towering outside through the frosted glass. Only Violet could cast a shape six inches taller than me and still look so vulnerable. I opened the door to her without hesitation. Had it been Freyja or Becky, I'd probably have played with them for a minute first... but then again, neither of them ever forgot their house keys. She came right in, frantic.

It took me all of two seconds to realise that something was seriously wrong with Violet. She was standing, for one thing, with her legs tied in a knot like a pretzel. They were pressed so close together I thought they might merge into one. It was clear from her stance that she was desperate for a wee. Unlike her housemates, she wasn't holding her crotch, but her left hand was hovering near her pussy as if it secretly wanted to grab on and squeeze like there was no tomorrow. The girl's cheeks were flushed and her body jiggled relentlessly.

"Oh my god, I'm weeing myself!" she wailed, rushing past me and making a beeline for the downstairs bathroom. Shellshocked, I turned my head to see her go. She was waddling past me, bum swinging conspicuously from side to side with every desperate step. I couldn't help but stare. And, of course, it was impossible not to notice what was really going on.

As Violet moved, something on the back of her jeans was growing. My eyes went instantly to the dark patch and i couldn't look away. It was spreading rapidly, from her buttcrack right down to her thighs. There was no mistaking what I was seeing: Violet was peeing her jeans.

I didn't know what to make of it. She hadn't even warned me that she had to go, and now I was watching her soil herself, powerless to help. Her tall, slim figure was perfectly framed in the open bathroom door as she dashed towards the toilet. She must have known even when I opened the door that she was too late, and now I was in on the secret too. This composed, dignified girl was flooding her trousers just feet away from the toilet- just feet away from me.

Just like Feyja, Violet couldn't find the time to close the door to the loo before she collapsed onto it. Honour compelled me to at least try not to stare, but I still heard everything: the thud of her skinny butt hitting the seat, a waterfall as she finished pissing into the bowl and a moan of relief so passionate it was almost sexual. Frankly, it shocked me to hear such a sensual noise coming from such a sweet woman. That was how I knew she'd been truly desperate. I forcefully averted my eyes and sat down.

Once I was settled back into the sofa, something surprising happened. The arousal that I'd been slave to before my housemate had arrived suddenly started to creep back into me. I could hear her noisily emptying her bladder just a few metres away and, out of her sight, my hand ventured underneath the waistband of my sweatpants once again. Down there, everything was warm and begging to be touched. I obliged, but lazily, not wanting to exert too much energy. It was only then that I saw what had happened to our floorboards. A streak of glistening wet patches lined the floor from front door to bathroom where Violet had been wetting herself on the run.

But I was comfortable on the sofa, and decided to turn a blind eye. Within the minute, the toilet flushed and my housemate emerged from the bathroom again with a flannel. I retrieved my hand from my crotch before she spotted anything. When she started to wipe up the trail she'd left on the floor, cheeks red as beetroots, I considered offering my help. But I realised that acknowledging the accident would only serve to make her more embarrassed. So, instead, I kept quiet.

A minute or so later, all of the wee was cleaned up off of the floor. Violet was still clad in jeans that clung to her bare thighs, soaking from knee to crotch, but she made no move to mention it to me. Only when the evidence was in the washing machine did she say anything.

"How come you're always around when this happens to me?"

I didn't have an answer for that, but I had to say something.

"Just bad luck, I guess," I told her.

Violet shook her head. "At least you can keep a secret," she said, before vanishing upstairs to take a shower and finish up.

###

I heard a noise somewhere behind me and spun on a dime to face it. My sword arm jabbed out in an instant to hit the shape approaching me, and it recoiled with a yelp. In the dim light, it was harder to see further than a few yards, but I was more than able to identify everything that was lurching towards me, each creature more deadly than the last. I swung again, and again the monster flew backwards, towards the shadows. There were seconds to spare. I dug a torch into the wall, grateful for the dim light it provided.

A car horn honked outside the house, breaking my immersion. From the sofa I looked up, but there was no sign of it through the window that overlooked the street. It was still frosty outside, with no sign of the cold letting up any time soon, although Spring was technically drawing nearer. In the last few days of February one would expect the weather to finally begin to get warmer. For one reason or another, Britain never seemed to work that way. It hadn't snowed in a few days, however, so I turned my attention back to the game.

The sound of the key in the lock was like a bullet in my side. I almost jumped out of my skin when that crackling noise filled the room. Instinctively, my fingers pressed to pause the game and I tossed the controller down by my side, where it bounced harmlessly on the sofa cushion before coming to rest. Freyja pushed open the door and stepped into the room. Part of me felt silly for my automatic attempts to hide what I was doing, like I was back at home again with my parents suddenly checking on me at 2:30AM. Then again, it was Freyja. For all of her good points- of which there were many- she was still comfortably the most intimidating person I'd ever met.

Her scare factor melted away as soon as she started talking, though.

"Fuck, I need the toilet," she said loudly, apparently not caring that the door was still swinging shut behind her and the whole street could likely hear her declaration of desperation. "I haven't been all day".

Even if she'd said nothing, I would have been able o figure out what kind of state Freyja was in just by looking at her. She wasn't walking so much as slithering along, afraid to move her legs more than a few inches at a time. One of the first things I noticed was the smell of farts hanging heavy in the air. I'd been about to ask if she needed a piss or a shit- the scent answered my question quite succinctly. The good news for my friend was that she was finally just a few seconds away from the bog, and her efforts to hold it were about to be rewarded with a long, relaxing sit on the toilet to totally empty herself.

She was halfway there when I heard her phone ring. Freyja froze on the spot. The sound of the ringtone was muffled by the pocket of her jeans, but there was no mistaking it. I'd heard that melody dozens of times before. And yet she didn't do what I would have done: keep walking and answer the phone when my toilet needs were good and dealt with. No- Freyja stopped dead in her tracks and fished her phone out of her pocket, looking more than startled by the sudden noise.

"Hello?" she asked, frowning. That was when she started shitting.

I know that was when she started because she was no more than a couple of feet away from my face at the time. The sudden vibration, which had given her a big enough shock that she started messing her trousers, had begun just as Freyja was passing between my seat and the TV. Her legs were planted on the floor, eyes wide, face pale.

I couldn't miss the way her jeans started to expand as she began to fill her pants. The denim stretched, tenting outwards and shifting the shape into something far more noticeable to the naked eye.

"Yeah," said Freyja, as calm as you like. I couldn't help but feel impressed by the way her upper body betrayed no sign of discomfort while her bottom half proceeded to heavily soil itself into her underwear. "Yeah, that's fine".

The woman had her eyes locked on the bathroom, which gave me all the excuse I needed to stare at her. Freyja had had overactive bowels for as long as I'd known her, and she was by no means shy when it came to telling us about it. She often told us that she was about to shit her pants. Here she was actually doing it, for the second time in a couple of months, and I couldn't believe how calm she was.

"Yeah, mum, I know," Freyja said, looking mildly annoyed. Her legs shifted as she changed the placement of her weight. Even before my eyes the bulge in the back of her jeans was getting heavier. I blinked. She was still messing herself, even while acting normal as could be on the phone.

When she was finally finishing her conversation, Freyja hung up, annoyance clear in her eyes.

"That was awful timing," she complained, "I hate trying to talk on the phone when you need a shit".

With that, she vanished into the downstairs toilet, and I kept on playing Minecraft, pretending I hadn't just found the best diamond I could hope for.

