“Gambled and Lost”

Author: Aloe

*000*2019-10-30 01:42

Hey guys,

Hope everyone is doing well tonight, enjoying spooky time and whatnot. It falls on a weekday and I work mornings so I’m probably not doing a damn thing this year we’ll see!

As a writer, a lot of ideas pass through my head. As a semi- pro procrastinator, it takes a long time to see a story through for me, or even start one at all; partly because I lacked motivation, and partly because I didn’t think I didn’t know how to flesh out the idea into a story I’d be satisfied with.

Over time, and on a whim, I’ve commissioned stories from a number of writers across the web, that I felt I couldn’t do justice, or simply wanted to see someone else’s take subject or scenario I’m all too familiar with. Most of these authors are no longer active, which is the only reason I am sharing and crediting their work; here, and in other posts to come as well.

The first one is by an individual who went be “Breeiswet.” The story itself is fictional, but it’s loosely based on a true story, which I heard through the grapevine.

MESSING WARNING. You have been duly warned:

Also, please let me know if this is too graphic. I didn’t write it, but I’ll keep your thoughts in mind when posting again!

###

“Do you want to grab some ice cream?” Vanessa asked, walking out of the restaurant where she had just had dinner with her two best friends. They had each eaten a huge meal, but upon seeing the ice cream parlor, Vanessa just had a craving.

Nina gave her instinctual answer: “I’m lactose intolerant,” and Maria was quick to follow up with “me too.”

“Well, so am I, but who cares. We can go home right after and deal with the consequences – it will be worth it!” Nina and Maria looked at each other, and shrugged almost in unison.

“Sure, okay, why not,” Maria replied, and with that, the women embarked towards the local ice cream parlor. They were surprised upon entering to find it quite packed, and soon realized there was a small event taking place. The girls lined up and order three sundaes, with Maria offering to pay for her two friends.

“Would you like to enter our raffle?” The cashier asked with a friendly smile.

“What’s it for?” Vanessa asked.

“You could win a lifetime supply of ice cream. We’re announcing the winners in about an hour.” The girls looked at each other, considering, before Maria bit the bullet.

“Sure, I’ll enter,” and the other girls quickly followed up with “sounds good!” Each girl filled out the slip of paper and slid them into the box, before grabbing their sundaes off the counter. They sat down and began gobbling down the sweet treats.

Maria had barely eaten a third of hers when she could feel her stomach begin to gurgle. She was already realizing she hadn’t thought this through: she was eating an ice cream that certainly would be making its way back out soon, and now she had to wait to see the results of the raffle. She was a little concerned, but comforted herself by saying one of the other girls could wait here for the result if she had to run somewhere to use the washroom, so she continued to down her ice cream.

As she ate, she could swear she could hear Nina’s tummy rumbling as well. Her own stomach was growing more and more uncomfortable, and she was realizing she might not be able to hold it very long at all.

“Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea,” she said, reaching one hand down and stroking her stomach for comfort. “I’m gonna need to use the bathroom pretty soon, so I might need one of you to wait here for the results if I have to go.”

Nina also had a hand on her stomach. “Why can’t you use the bathroom here?” She asked.

“I’m not doing this in a stall next to someone—I’m eating lactose so it’s gonna get ugly!” She laughed.

“Good point,” Nina giggled. “Well, I’m not doing any better, my stomach is starting to kill, so I don’t think I’ll be waiting.”

Vanessa grimaced. “I’ll join the club too—I doubt I’ll be able to hold it too long.”

Maria laughed. “Great. So basically, we all have to poop and none of us can hold it. Perfect!” The girls smiled back, continuing to down their ice creams.

Things were getting worse by the minute. Soon, each girl had finished their large sundaes, and they were clearly all feeling the effects. Maria was bent over at the waist, jiggling up and down as she tried to maintain control of her aching bowels, and the other girls were not much better off, as all three were beginning to sweat with desperation. But despite the mounting urgency of their situations, they knew they had a good bit of time to wait before they could leave, and it wouldn’t be fair for two to go home while one had to wait.

“Maybe I’ll try the bathroom,” Maria groaned. “It’s better than having an accident in here.” She stood up cautiously from her chair, resisting the urge to clasp a hand over her backside, and waddled slowly towards the bathroom door with both hands crossed over her aching abdomen. But when she turned the corner, she saw a long line for the toilets, and knew there was no point joining in, as she had no idea how long it would be. So she sighed, and began to waddle back towards their table.

“No luck?” Vanessa moaned, her body bouncing in her seat, clearly hoping for the good news that she would be able to use the toilet after all. But Maria just shook her head.

“Even if you’re willing to use the public toilet, the line is super long,” she sighed, slowly easing herself back into her chair while keeping control of her bowels as best she could. The girls continued to sit at their table, each one bouncing and shimmying and clutching their stomachs while trying not to have messy accidents at the table. They could no longer even speak, they were so busy trying to keep their panties clean. Every once in a while, one girl would check a phone to see how much time had passed, but it was never enough.

They’d been sitting for forty minutes when suddenly Vanessa groaned loudly, bending over at the waist and panting slightly.

“You okay?” Maria asked sympathetically, though it was clear she wasn’t okay.

“No, I…” Vanessa panted, and the girls heard a loud squelchy farting sound come from her. “Shit, I think a bit just came out.”

“Are you having an accident?”

“No,” she sighed, sitting up straight again. “It was just a little bit. I feel a bit better.” None of the girls wanted to risk farting, not knowing what else might come with a fart.

“Man, I can smell that!” Nina laughed, and the other girls giggled as well. Finally, after another interval of silence as the girls struggled to hold on, an announcer took to the stage to reveal the winners of the contest.

“And the raffle winner is—“ she began, as each girl carefully pulled out their ticket and looked down, “104598!”

The girls looked down at their tickets, and then at each other. “Anyone?” Maria asked, and the other girls shook their heads. “Well, good thing we waited!” She laughed sarcastically.

“Now we just gotta get home,” Nina giggled nervously, knowing it would be a challenge to even stand up, let alone get all the way home.

“Why don’t you guys come to my place since it’s the closest? It’s only a ten minute walk,” Maria offered, and the other girl nodded enthusiastically, overjoyed at the thought that would soon be able to release their loads into a toilet and not all over the floor at the ice cream parlor. The girls slowly stood up, and Vanessa, who seemed to be the most desperate (even after having slipped up once), had a hand clasped over her butt as if to physically hold her poop in.

The girls began walking towards Maria’s house, but they moved at a snail’s pace with one girl stopping every minute to double over and take deep breaths as a particularly strong cramp would hit. Vanessa was especially struggling at this point, and at one point she stopped completely in her tracks and instinctively crouched to the floor, holding her hand tight up against her butt. Nina and Maria both thought that was it for her, and that she had lost control, but Vanessa simply farted loudly, and then stood up again and continued waddling towards Maria’s home.

Finally, they could see her front porch from the corner. They were going more frantic now, as relief was so close that they began to become even more desperate. They approached the porch, each girl breathing heavily. But right as all three climbed the steps, Vanessa groaned once more, louder yet. She first doubled over at the waist, and then slowly crouching, and this time both girls could tell this was it for their friend. Despite their own desperation, both watched as she began to pant loudly.

“It’s coming out,” she said, and Maria resisted the urge to respond “we can tell” as she heard the loud crackling farts beginning to emerge from their friend.

Vanessa felt a wave of hot, sticky poop explode from her into her jeans, and she continued to take deep breaths as she began to instinctively push her poop out. It felt so good to be free of her intense load, and she sighed in relief as she felt herself continue to poop into her underwear, which were now filling up. Nina and Maria were watching in shock as their friend pooped noisily on the front porch, but soon the urgency of their own situations returned and they left Vanessa to finish up her accident while they rushed in towards the bathroom, still hopeful that they could make it.

Nina seemed to be faster, and had she been thinking clearer she probably would have let Maria use the bathroom first, but her thoughts were so blinded by the fact that she could feel herself seconds away from her own messy accident. So she burst through the bathroom door and, feeling her stomach begin to cramp and her poop begin to emerge, scrambled to pull off her leggings. She got them off in one go, but her panties did not come off too, and she realized with horror that wet poop was beginning to slide into her cute panties. But there was nothing she could do at this point, and without thinking clearly she sat herself down on the toilet with her panties still on, and begin to poop into them. With her body relaxing now that she was seated on a toilet, she found herself pushing as a torrent of hot poop exploded out of her, filling her panties and seeping into the toilet.

It was at this point that she realized she had accidentally locked Maria out of her own bathroom, and Maria was knocking anxiously at the door. But Nina was unsure what to do, as she continued to poop herself over the toilet, knowing that if she stood up she would leave a mess all over the floor. And even as she was having this thought, while continuing to mess herself, Maria was losing control outside the door as well.

She had come so close, and she knew Nina would probably emerge very soon, but she was helpless to stop the flood at this point, and she felt her stomach cramp fiercely. With a loud fart, she exploded with poop into her pants, instantly filling her panties with poop that quickly seeped through. She knew this was only the start, as poop poured out of her endlessly, filling her pants to the point that she didn’t think they would hold anymore. But nonetheless, she continued to poo without end, feeling almost like she had made very little progress with her load. She saw now that Vanessa was coming in from outside, her jeans bulging and brown, and she laughed when she saw that Maria too had not made it to the bathroom and was standing in the hallway messing herself.

“Did Nina make it?” Vanessa asked.

“I think so,” Maria replied, as she continued to poo outside the bathroom door.

“Not quite,” Nina called laughingly from the inside of the bathroom.

“Well, this didn’t go very well for us, did it,” Vanessa smiled. Maria’s load was finally slowing down, and she began to push to expel the last bits of her poop. On the toilet, Nina too was finishing up, unsure of how to fix the mess she was about to make of her friend’s bathroom.

One thing was for sure: the girls had certainly learned their lesson about late night ice cream trips, and this would certainly be a bonding moment for the three friends who had messed themselves practically in unison. Maria began to laugh, now finished her load, and her friends joined in.

“Well, let’s get cleaned up,” Vanessa smiled.

###

That’s it, I hope you liked it just as much as I did!

*002*2019-10-31 18:10

{{6 minutes ago, tanin said:

Really good story!

As a fan of messing content I must say it's totally far away for being graphic, after warning I expeted much more in this area.

}}

Thanks, that’s good to hear!!! Honestly man, I never really know. I’ve got a foot in both worlds. Sometimes I’m like, “yeah, this is perfect,” and other times I’m like, “man, nobody wants to hear about a hot girl crapping herself!” It’s just hard for me to gauge it sometimes! I love messing content, but because of that, I don’t always have a good idea of what’s considered extreme or not

*005*2019-11-04 19:18

{{On 10/31/2019 at 11:52 AM, tanin said:

I think that adding some more details wouldn't make this story too graphic for here, but it's always hard job to find the line.

}}

Exactly! It’s a gamble.... like many other things hehe

{{7 hours ago, herrokitty said:

Love this story, thanks for commissioning this! Definitely not too graphic for me.

}}

You’re very welcome! I enjoyed it thoroughly as well! Got a thing for latinas, I can’t help it

Ironically, lactose intolerance “runs” in the Latin gene pool. I seent it!!!

