Angelica and Lily - The Complete Saga

Author: AlphaCentauri

*000*2023-03-13 11:48

Wow, it's been a while.

Some years ago, I began the adventures of these two young ladies and their bladder mishaps, but I never completed them. At long last, that is what I am attempting to do.

And so, without further ado:

Chapter 1 - An Introduction

Specific tags: one-piece swimsuit, messing

Angelica was surprised by the request her mom casually made while pressing the button on her phone to end the call. Not shocked, but it was nonetheless unexpected for a couple of reasons.

“That was Jeanne. She needs someone to babysit Lily on Saturday afternoon. Do you think you could do it?”

These were the reasons: first, Angelica never considered herself to be much of babysitting material. She had no younger siblings and was often the youngest in whatever group she found herself in, and so had never really interacted with kids much. But none of that mattered for the second reason: Lily was far too old for it to be considered “babysitting” at all. She raised an eyebrow and moved her lips to the side in an expression of “huh?” while asking, “Lily’s in high school, isn’t she? Isn’t that a little old to be babysat?”

Her mom let out a little sigh and clarified. “Yes, yes, not really babysitting…fine. But Jeanne and Derek will be out at the doctor’s for the afternoon, and they don’t want Lily to be all alone at home during that time. Can you do it?”

Angelica’s expression turned more placid as she thought for half a second before answering, “Sure, why not.” But her eyebrows immediately furrowed again as she remembered something else. “Wait a minute. Isn’t she the one who pees her pants all the time?” Try as she might, she couldn’t suppress a little snicker as she asked it.

Angelica’s mother’s face darkened as she fixed her daughter with one of her Looks. The tone of her answer matched her expression. “She has a sympathetic spastic bladder. Don’t laugh about it. Can you imagine if it was you who had that condition?”

“Yeah, I guess so.” Angelica looked away, feeling a little guilty.

“Okay then. I’ll text Jeanne and let her know your answer. I can drop you off there and then she’ll bring you back here once she’s back from her appointment.” Angelica’s mom turned and walked down the hallway, texting with one hand.

~*~*~*~*~

It was about a quarter after one on Saturday when Angelica and her mom started the forty-minute drive out to Lily’s house. The drive was mostly free of conversation, as Angelica idly passed the time on her phone, texting and Instagramming. It was more out of boredom than anything else, and she found her mind wandering. How did her mom know Mrs., uh….Jeanne? Now that she thought about it, she didn’t even know the family’s last name. Her mom met Jeanne through…the PTA? Was that it? Something like that. Angelica shifted in her seat and pushed a strand of brown hair behind her left ear.

She had never been to Lily’s house before—in reality, the two barely knew each other. Her mom was friends with Lily’s mom, but the friendship didn’t extend to their daughters. But Lily’s family was pretty well off, from what she knew. They lived out in a rural location, but they had a neighborhood watch and an in-ground pool. Angelica wished she had put on her bathing suit under her T-shirt and faded jeans—it was great swimming weather, in the warm-but-not-too-hot mid-June, and what better way for two young girls to spend an afternoon together?

Her mom interrupted into her thoughts to reiterate what she had already told Angelica before they left: “Now, remember, Ange, even though you’re doing a favor for them, you are still the Wellses’—” (aha! that was the name) “—guest. I want you to remember that. Be respectful of them and their home. Understood?”

Angelica breathed in and raised her head a little, still looking at her phone. “Yeah, mom. You told me that before we left.”

“Well, I want to make sure you understand it. This is your only chance to make a good first impression.” She gave her daughter a smile and turned her attention back to the road. A guest—that was probably the real reason why she hadn’t worn her bathing suit. She didn’t want to seem like she was disrespecting the Wellses by inviting herself to their pool—either to them or to her mom. Well. There would probably be other things she could find to do.

The sun was making it hard to see her phone screen, so she turned off the screen and dropped it between her thighs, before leaning against the door and letting the light pour across her face. As they drove past miles and miles of woods, the sunlight flashed in and out through the trees like a strobe light. With her eyes closed, the pulsating was almost hypnotic, and her thoughts wandered again.

So, Lily was maybe two or three years younger than she herself was. Was she into anything interesting? Angelica was almost done with Gone with the Wind and wondered about what kinds of books Lily liked…if any. Hopefully she wouldn’t want to spend the whole time just talking about boys. It might be fun for a little bit, but there’s only so long that kind of conversation could go on.

And…then her thoughts went back to where they kept slipping back to: Lily’s issue with wetting her pants. She stifled a laugh again thinking about it. It just seemed so…ridiculous. That someone at her age wouldn’t just have an accident, but actually be accident prone. Sure, there was always the occasional middle schooler or even high schooler that would pee themselves on a class trip, or during a test…but those incidents were rare enough that they would become the thing of legend for a few weeks or so, drifting on the winds of school gossip. But an ongoing issue? That was crazy. Had she just never been potty trained properly? Angelica couldn’t even remember the last time she had had an accident. Well, other than the one time in middle school at the Davises’ house, but she didn’t want to think about that.

What had her mom called it? “Sympathetic spastic bladder.” Sympathetic. Kind of like sympathetic vomiting? Or pain? So…did that mean that if someone else needed to pee, it made her need to pee too? That was the best she could figure. But that seemed pretty common. Doesn’t that kind of thing happen to most people? Lily’s condition must just be a lot more severe. It must be, if she actually had wetting accidents from it. Man, that must be crazy.

Angelica tilted her head back and tried to imagine what that must be like: bladder twitching and contracting, shifting from leg to leg, squeezing your thighs together hard to keep the flood inside…but then feeling yourself lose control, and pee flow out of you, despite your best efforts, all across your crotch and down your legs…as if on cue, Angelica’s own bladder gave an involuntary twitch and she took a quick intake of breath. Thankfully, she didn’t need to pee right now, but oh my goodness. She couldn’t even imagine how mortifying that would be.

Trying to take her mind off it, she picked up her phone again from between her legs and went back to distracting herself. She couldn’t stop herself from wondering if Lily would have any…issues…today, though. But she knew better than to bring it up when there.

~*~*~*~*~

The hatchback crunched to a stop on the gravel drive and shut off. Both Angelica and her mom stepped out, stretching and breathing in the air. All around were woods, and no traffic could be heard. The only sounds were the wind in the trees and the buzzing of cicadas and other insects. Mrs. Wells was already out the front door and coming up to meet them. “Tracy! Hi! So good to see you! Thank you for coming. And hello again, Angelica!” She gave each of them a hug when greeting them. Angelica had only met Mr. and Mrs. Wells once, but this sanguinity seemed to be standard behavior. She smiled back, “Hi. Thanks for having me over.”

“Oh, it’s our pleasure. You’re really doing us a huge favor! We couldn’t find anyone else we trusted on such short notice.” She said this last part to Angelica’s mom, but it didn’t prevent a small swell of pride from rising up inside Angelica at being apparently being considered so valuable.

“Here, come right this way. You can meet Lily.” Instead of leading them through the house, she walked over to the side and unlatched a small wrought-iron gate. “She’s in the pool in the back. Do you like to swim, Angelica? Did you happen to bring your bathing suit with you?”

“Um, I do, but I didn’t bring it, no.”

“Oh, that’s a shame. Maybe next time. Don’t worry, though, I’m sure there’s plenty for you to entertain yourself with.” They were at the backyard now, and Angelica could see the pool stretching out in the yard, its shiny blue surface looking absolutely tantalizing. At least she could put her feet in. Mrs. Wells called out, “Lily? The Carpenters are here. Come and say hello.”

As they stepped out of the shade of the house and back into the sun, Angelica could see a very thin, shoulder-length blonde-haired girl raise her head out of the pool and then climb up the ladder and stand there dripping as she grabbed a SpongeBob towel and wrapped it around her black one-piece swimsuit. She was shorter than Angelica but also slenderer, but she was already sporting a healthy tan, unlike Angelica, who preferred to stay indoors more. When she spoke, Angelica noticed that she had her mother’s mouth and smile. “Hi. I’m Lily. Are you Angelica?”

Angelica started to respond with a yes when Mrs. Wells cut in with a mildly chiding tone, “Now, Lily, what did I tell you? Be polite to our guest.”

Lily blushed a little and revised, “Hello, Miss Angelica. Pleased to meet you.”

Angelica couldn’t help but smile to herself as she realized that Lily’s mom probably made her daughter feel just as self-conscious about first impressions as her own mom. Lily started feeling less like a stranger to her and more like a potential friend. She stuck her hand out in her most mock-businesslike gesture and said in a playfully stern voice, “Pleased to make your acquaintance as well.” The two girls giggled as they shook hands a little too firmly, and Mrs. Wells laughed. “Well, look at you two! You’ll have a great time together. Derek and I will be back in a few hours. Make yourself at home here, Angelica. Have fun, and call us if you have any questions.” She turned off back to the path beside the house. From the other side, Angelica could hear the Wellses’ garage door opening and their car backing out.

Angelica’s mom gave her a hug. “Have fun, sweetheart. Call me if you need anything.” She followed after Mrs. Wells with a parting wave. Angelica waved back, then turned back slowly, taking in all the details of the back yard.

The house and yard were completely surrounded by woods, though there was still a privacy fence at the edge with a gate in the middle. That was at the far end of the yard, though, a good hundred feet away. Closer up there was a trampoline, then the pool, then the back patio which extended up to the back porch. There were two quad bikes parked close by the house, next to a couple of bushes. On the patio itself was an outdoor furniture set, with a glass-topped table in the center sporting a golf umbrella. On the table were an assortment of snacks, and an ice chest underneath boasted a bevy of soft drinks peeping their colorful heads out.

“Wow…you’ve got a nice backyard…” Angelica led off tentatively.

Lily gave a kind of half-hearted nod. “Yeah, it’s nice, I guess. I mean, yeah. Thanks.”

“Must be kinda nice to have all this to yourself, huh?”

“I guess. I mean, we’re kind of all alone out here. The nearest neighbor is like a mile away.”

“Wow.” Angelica turned back toward the snack table. She hadn’t had much of a lunch and was both hungry and thirsty.

“Oh, those are for you. Well, like, us. My mom wanted to make sure you felt appreciated.”

Angelica looked up. “Just the two of us? Really? There’s enough here for like a whole party of people!”

Lily shrugged. “Yup. That’s my mom.” She laughed a bit. “Seriously, though, have as much as you want. That’s why they’re there.”

Angelica smiled on one side and looked back to the ice chest. Was there any ginger ale? Ginger ale was her favorite. Ah! There one was! She pulled it out, relishing the chilled surface of the aluminum and the drips of icy water down the sides. With a ksshhh she popped it open and took a sip, then coughed as the bubbles went into her nose.

Lily sidled up next to the ice chest and popped open a Sprite. Angelica by now had found a bag of Chips Ahoy and began munching on them.

Lily gulped down some Sprite and then asked, “So, Miss Angelica, do you like to swim?”

Angelica finished washing down some cookie and suppressed a burp. “Yeah, I do, but I don’t have a swimsuit with me.”

“Aw, that’s too bad. I love swimming. It’s like, literally my favorite thing to do during the summer. But it’s more fun with more people.”

“Do you have any friends around?”

“Haha, no one lives around. Not walking distance, at least. I really only see friends at school.”

“Oh, that’s too bad.” Angelica tried to burp discreetly.

Lily laughed. “What is it?” asked Angelica. Lily kept laughing. “That face you made! It was like, your eyes crossed.” She imitated it.

“No they didn’t! I didn’t look like that!” Angelica protested good-naturedly.

“You really did!” And then, most likely from laughing, Lily also burped, but much louder. This sent both girls into a fit of giggles. Angelica felt good. It seemed like the two of them might really click.

~*~*~*~*~

Almost two hours had passed. Angelica and Lily had chatted for a while, talking about Lily’s pets (an iguana and a guinea pig), historical fiction (Lily wasn’t as into reading but did like some historical movies), the vacation the Wells family would be taking soon to the Bahamas, and just whatever. They dangled their feet in the water for a while, eating snacks and drinking soda, before Lily wanted to go back to swimming, and so Angelica sat on the chaise lounge with another ginger ale after putting her shoes back on to keep her feet from getting sunburnt. Eventually conversation died down and Lily swam by herself while Angelica went back to her phone. Instagram was interrupted by a text from Jackie, a friend of hers from school.

Hey Ange

Angelica tilted the screen away from the sun and squinted to better see past the glare. Holding the phone with two hands, she used her thumbs to reply.

Hey Jackie

Whats up?

Wyd

The librarys doing a free movie

Want to come

?

Cool, what time?

And what movie

In like fiften minutes

Tangled I think

Sorry, I can’t make it

Sounds fun though.

Ah you suckkkk

Haha

Why cant u come tho

My mom asked me to be with

The Wells’ daughter while they’re out.

Whos that

You know Lily?

O yeah

Isn't she the one who pees her pants alot?

Yeah, that’s her.

Angelica looked up at Lily, who was currently lazily performing a backstroke. She felt a little weird about Lily’s condition being brought up, thinking that just a few hours ago, it was the main identifying feature she knew about Lily. Now to hear someone else express the same perspective after being able to spend some time getting to know Lily as a person was somewhat jarring. She had actually forgotten about Lily’s bladder until Jackie’s text, and she felt a pang of guilt in her gut when remembering her morbid fascination on the drive out, even half-hoping that she would see the effects. She also felt a pang of something else, a little lower in her body. Her phone then buzzed a “Low Battery” alert, which brought her back to the text conversation.

Wow that’s cray

Has she had to go pee a lot

?

No, she seems normal. She’s nice.

We’ve been getting to know each other.

Does she like wear diapers or somthing?

Angelica brushed a strand of hair out of her eyes and shifted in her seat. This talk about peeing was making her have to go herself. She tilted her head back to drain the last of the ginger ale from the can before putting it on the table next to her, noticing only then that it was her fourth overall. That was actually a lot of soda.

No she doesn’t.

Anyway, can we talk about

Something else?

It’s making me have to pee.

Haha

I feel u girl

Well, sorry u cant comeee

Thanks. Have fun

Her phone buzzed another “Low Battery” alert. She saw that there was only 2% left and thought she should probably put the phone away. Right after putting it in her pocket, though, another text came in.

Pee

Pee

Rivers

Waterfalls

She laughed at Jackie’s antics, but not before feeling Jackie’s desired effect in a contraction in her bladder. She leaned forward in her seat and typed back.

Jackie! Not funny. Lol

But then her phone gave one final buzz as the screen went out. The battery had died. Angelica took the cue and stood up from the chaise lounge, stretching and feeling the sun on her skin again after being under the golf umbrella. Her bladder was beginning to hurt. She really should go and use the bathroom now. She stepped up the patio and onto the back porch. Taking hold of the handle of the sliding glass door, she pulled on it.

The door wouldn’t move.

It took her a moment to register what happened. Then she gave another tug, this time with both hands.

Nothing. The door was locked.

Having the prospect of relief be so close and then denied her sharply intensified her need to go. Her bladder suddenly contracted, and she gasped and had to bend over to keep from leaking.

She stood there for a few seconds, hands on her thighs, trying to figure out what to do. She was now starting to get genuinely worried. It might be over another hour before the Wellses came back, and she didn’t know if she could wait that long. Unbidden, her thoughts from the car ride earlier started to drip—drift!—back into her head: the feeling of desperation, of holding back with all your strength only to lose control anyway, of the spreading warm wetness…

Her bladder spasmed again and she had to quickly grab her crotch to keep from letting anything out. No! She couldn’t let herself think like that. Honestly, she had probably had to go this badly before, on car trips or whatever. She would be fine. Of course she would. But her stomach was now feeling full of butterflies and gave an ominous gurgle.

Taking a deep breath, she turned back toward the pool and walked out onto the patio. “Lily?” she called out.

Lily raised her head up and shifted from floating to treading water. “What is it, Miss Angelica?”

Angelica hooked a thumb over her shoulder at the back door. “I need to use the bathroom, but I think the back door is locked.” She tried to keep her voice steady, but she could tell that it came out a little higher pitched than normal.

The look that came over Lily’s face did not make Angelica feel any more at ease. It was clearly a look of concern, but had a flash of something more for a second…something almost like fear. She climbed out of the pool again, did a quick dry-off with her towel before wrapping it around herself, then came up the porch as well. Angelica was shifting her legs back and forth at this point, trying to look less urgent than she felt. The pool water dripping off Lily wasn’t helping at all.

Lily grabbed the door handle and gave it a firm tug. Just as when Angelica tried it, it didn’t budge. She cupped her hands and peered through the glass for a few seconds, even though Angelica was sure that they both knew the house was empty. Angelica took the opportunity to rub her thighs up and down while Lily couldn’t see her.

“Yeah, it’s locked. I guess Mom or Dad locked it accidentally before leaving.” She paused and scanned the back wall of the house. “Do you have to go pretty bad?”

Angelica felt too self-conscious to answer honestly, and besides, wasn’t Lily’s condition sympathetic? She tried to downplay how she felt. “Uh, well, I need to go, but I’ll be okay.” She gave a weak smile, hoping to convince herself as well as Lily.

“Okay.” Lily’s answer didn’t seem entirely genuine.

After a few seconds of awkward silence, during which Angelica was finding it difficult to stand still, she decided to swallow her pride. “Do you know if there’s another way into the house? A side door…an open window?” She tried to say it in a way that would almost make it sound like a joke, but instead of laughing, Lily turned slowly toward Angelica with a pale expression. “So you do have to go pretty bad…huh?” Angelica noticed that Lily started to shift from one foot to the other.

“I just…I need to…use the bathroom. Yeah. I do.” She admitted it in the hope that Lily would know a solution and she would be provided with relief. Instead, saying it out loud just made her need more intense, as if her psychological barriers were starting to wear thin. She started to bob up and down a little in spite of herself, and her stomach churned again. Without warning, a fart slipped out, thankfully unheard over the cicadas. Her hands involuntarily shot to her butt before she realized it and moved them back down to her sides, blushing.

Lily swallowed and answered, “The windows are probably all latched shut to keep the A/C inside. The only other door is the front door…but it’s normally locked.”

“Is there a spare key or something? Anything you can think of?” Her voice had an audible tremor at this point.

Lily’s eyes brightened. “Oh good idea! I think so. I know we used to have one…let’s go try and find it.” She stepped off the porch and towards the side walkway with Angelica following. As soon as she reached the path, though, she suddenly drastically slowed her pace. The delay caused a spike of irritation to shoot through Angelica, perfectly in sync with a spike of pain through her lower abdomen. She clenched both her teeth and sphincter, then realized what made Lily slow down so much. She was still barefoot from the pool and the path was paved with gravel. It must have been painful and slow going for her.

Pity made her regret her irritation, and she said, “I can go check, since you’re barefoot. Where did you keep the key?”

“Thanks. Under the rock at the corner where the right side of the front path meets the porch.” She gestured with her hands to demonstrate.

“Okay. And…see if you can find any way in back here.”

“Okay, I’ll do that.” She turned back to the grass of the back yard.

As soon as she was by herself, Angelica started walking faster. She was still keeping all her muscles rigid in an attempt to prevent any from accidentally relaxing. She was sure that if anyone saw her, it would be super obvious that she had to pee. Against her will, her thoughts began to wander.

I can’t believe I have to pee this bad…this morning I couldn’t even remember what it felt like to pee this bad…is this what it feels like for Lily?...my bladder is gonna pop and my crotch is tingling…

Gotta keep it in. Gotta keep it in. I can do this. Yes. I can do this. I’ll just go and get the key, and then sweet relief…to be able to let it all out…

No! Can’t think of that. Gotta stay focused.

She had to stop and cross her legs for a few seconds, doubling over as she did so. Her stomach gave another unwelcome rumbling. She felt like there was more gas, but didn’t want to risk trying to let any out.

Of course I’ll make it. That’s what normal people do. They don’t pee themselves. I’m way too old to pee myself. I’ll be fine.

Her walk relaxed slightly, letting her speed up some more. There, now. That was the way to do it. See, she’d be fine. Just fine.

Her bladder was still twinging when she opened the wrought-iron gate and stepped onto the front lawn, but she ignored it. Relief was near. Soon, this would be nothing but a memory of a close call and everything would be okay, nothing to fear.

Anticipation was sending needles through her bladder and she clenched harder as she came up to the spot Lily had described to her. There was the rock. Just…move it to the side…and…

Nothing.

She could feel her heartbeat quicken as her face blanched. This was her only hope of getting inside, and now it was gone. It was supposed to be there, but it was gone! Her bladder tightened and she could feel the tension go all the way into her thighs.

Her brain reeled. Maybe the Wellses would be back early? But there was no way to know. Maybe they would know some other way in? But her phone died—how could she reach them? Maybe a neighbor’s house? But there was no one…the nearest neighbor was “like a mile away,” according to Lily.

In one last burst of desperation, she scrambled around the front garden, overturning rocks, lifting pots, feeling through the soil, trying to find a key anywhere, anywhere at all. Her bladder was on fire. She dashed up to the front door—maybe it was unlocked? But no, tugging and pushing and slamming against the heavy oak yielded no hope of entry.

She stumbled back, off the porch, sweat beading on her forehead, her eyes darting back and forth, hoping beyond hope for some cracked window, some miraculous entry. But she found nothing. The house loomed over her, imposing, resolute, unyielding.

It felt like a black hole opened in her soul, draining out her resolve in a spectral pull of despair mingled with resignation. There was nothing left to do but give in…give in and…

Her bladder spasmed again, and this time, her clenched sphincter muscles were not strong enough to stop it. A spurt of hot urine surged into her underwear, and at the same time, another fart burst out of her behind. She gasped loudly, wide-eyed, and jammed a hand into her crotch to keep any more from leaking out.

Back yard. Now. Maybe Lily found a way in.

She tried to move as quickly as possible down the path past the gate again, but found she had to keep her hand in her crotch, intermittently squeezing, which slowed her down considerably. At this point, she didn’t even care if Lily saw her like this. She just had to hold on. She had to.

Somehow being in a secluded place on the side of the house caused her desperation to shoot up in sharper and stronger waves than before. She was moving as fast as she could, but kept having to stop to keep from losing control. Panic made her thoughts roil.

I can’t wet myself I can’t wet myself I can’t wet myself oh crap oh crap

I can’t believe this is happening to me Is this because I made fun of Lily But I didn’t really make fun of her I swear I can’t wet myself I’ve gotta hold on Can’t let go oh crap Can’t let go Can’t let go

Despite holding herself, she felt another spurt leak out into her panties, which now felt hot and sticky against her private parts. She tried to control her breathing. She could still make it with minimal damage done.

If only I’d brought my swimsuit I could just pee in the pool All nice and warm To just relax If only I could just relax and let go Let go Let go oh crap oh crap I can’t I can’t

Mincing her way further, teeth clenched, tears began forming in her eyes.

It would feel so good to just let go

No! No I can’t!

Yes just let go Just let go

No! No! No!

Yes! Yes! Yes!

She spurted again. Then again, this time a little longer. The whole time, she was passing gas in little bursts as well. She was almost to the end of the walkway, but she could feel her hand getting warm and damp. She jammed her other hand into her crotch as well, holding on for all she was worth with both hands.

She rounded the corner at last, head down, eyes wide, breathing heavy, heart racing. She knew there would definitely be a wet spot in her crotch, but she didn’t know how bad. Right now she just had to keep it from getting any worse.

She could hear Lily come running up, but it seemed distant, like in a dream. Just like in a horror movie, when the bandages are sloooowly peeled away to reveal the villain’s disfigurement, she gingerly lifted her hands away from her crotch. Her legs were bent inward, knees together and shaking, and she could feel her face go white as she saw the damage.

Her jeans were clearly wet and dark all around her crotch, in an area about the size of a dessert plate. The wetness went slightly further down her right thigh, and the fabric was glistening at the center of her crotch. It was, all in all, very obvious that she had had a pee accident. Her breath caught and her heart was jackhammering in her skull. As if from far away, she could hear Lily’s voice—

“Miss Angelica? I couldn’t find any way in back here. Did you find the key?”

That was the last straw. With a groan, Angelica felt all her willpower and muscles give way at once. She sank to her knees as the floodgates opened, with no stopping them now.

It was like a faucet had been turned on in her pants. She watched, as if in a trance, as the wet spot rapidly darkened and grew shiny, then spread voraciously across her crotch and down her thighs. She just kept breathing in and out, in and out, powerless to do anything but watch. She could feel the wetness spread to her butt and then pour out in a stream directly onto the patio. Two puddles formed, one at each knee, and then they merged and were supplemented by the bigger puddle forming under her rear.

She could hear the sharp hssssss as she emptied her bladder, combined with the splashing of the urine underneath her. The waves of desperation gave way to ecstasy as relief finally came, but it was darkened by the heavy overshadowing sense of extreme embarrassment and shame of having actually wet her pants. Here she was, just a few hours ago unable to conceive of how anyone could lose bladder control and have an accident, and now she was experiencing just that. The tears that had formed in her eyes overflowed, and her heavy breathing shifted into soft sobs at her plight. She continued going to the bathroom in her pants for over half a minute before the flow finally tapered off.

For what seemed like a small eternity, there was silence. Even the cicadas had died down. The only sounds that could be heard were the quiet sniffles of Angelica as she wiped the tears from her reddened cheeks and the muffled drip…drip…drip of the last of her urine from her pants. Now that she was actually done, the wetness was starting to feel very cold.

Her head still down, Angelica couldn’t see Lily’s reaction. Eventually, Lily broke the silence.

“Miss Angelica?” Her voice sounded like she was going to be sick. “Miss Angelica, I—”

Then she made a kind of choking sound and was silent. The next thing Angelica heard was a spattering, splashing sound. But she had finished peeing—what could that be? And it was coming from in front of her…

She raised her head to meet Lily’s eyes, but her gaze only got halfway. It stopped on Lily’s feet, where Angelica could see a yellow puddle growing. Her eyes were drawn upwards, where she could see urine pouring out of the crotch of Lily’s black swimsuit, splashing in streams between her thighs, and coursing in rivulets down each of her legs. She watched, transfixed, for several seconds, then looked up at Lily’s face. Lily stood there open-mouthed, pale, and speechless. Her arms were rigid at her sides, and she seemed completely unable to make any effort to stop Nature’s course whatsoever.

Angelica watched as Lily also emptied her bladder into her clothes, and felt her own body give way once more. She felt her panties rewarm as one final jet of urine came out, but then her intestines rumbled. She gasped again and leaned forward, grabbing her butt, but not before she lost control and felt, one, two, three, four, five small pieces of poop pop out unbidden into her underwear. She could feel the wetness pull away from her skin as her underwear now sagged down from the seat of her pants due to the extra weight.

Lily was still pale, but seemed to have finished peeing. She spoke, her voice hoarse, but with a new element of shock in her tone. “Miss Angelica, did you just…?”

Angelica tried to lean back on her knees again, but her legs were too shaky. Instead, she lost her balance and fell with a splish on her butt in her own pee puddle, wincing as the poop in her panties was unceremoniously squished across her bottom.

She couldn’t speak. She was in too much shock. Instead she just sat there and covered her face with her hands, trying to pretend this had all been a bad dream.

~Aftermath~

After gaining her composure, Angelica stiffly told Lily to clean up herself in the pool and the puddles with her towel, which would then also be washed off in the pool. At least swimsuits were designed to get wet. She on the other hand walked gingerly to the gate in the privacy fence, opened it, walked about fifty feet into the woods on the other side, and then, once she made sure no one was around, took off her shoes and socks and peeled off her jeans. Gosh, she was so stupid. She could have just peed in the woods when she had the chance.

Trying to keep as much of her mess contained as possible, she pulled down her panties and made a face of disgust at herself. She then threw the panties into the underbrush and pulled her jeans back on, wincing at the roughness of the denim. She then walked back into the back yard, carrying her shoes and socks, pulled her phone out of her pocket, and then jumped in the pool. At Lily’s expression of surprise, all Angelica had to do was give her a stern look for her to understand: this way, her parents would never have to know what happened.

The remainder of the afternoon was spent in awkward silence. Lily sat next to the pool (she didn’t trust how clean the water was anymore) and Angelica on the chair. She didn’t touch any more soda. Lily’s parents ended up arriving about forty minutes later, and Angelica had a strange kind of feeling of vindication when realizing that she really would not have been able to wait until they arrived. When they asked about why she was all wet, Angelica made up a story about goofing around near the pool and accidentally falling in. She kept all other answers to questions about the afternoon short, but with enough affected pep as to avoid suspicion. She made sure to say nothing about the locked back door, knowing that it would likely raise further questions—notably about where all the soda they drank went. Once Mrs. Wells dropped her off at her home, Angelica gave the same kinds of answers to her mom, determined to make sure that no one else ever found out about what happened.

One week later, however, Lily was walking home from the bus stop. She and some friends had just gotten back from watching a movie and parted ways. The bus stop was nearly a mile walk from her house, but it was shorter to cut through the woods and come in through the back yard.

Lily was walking quickly, already needing to use the bathroom. She remembered all too well the incident the previous week, and that the only reason her parents hadn’t found out what happened was because of Angelica’s resourcefulness.

She was almost to the gate to her back yard when she was distracted by a loud buzzing off to the left. Curious, she looked that direction, then stepped carefully into the underbrush. The source of the buzzing was a swarm of flies, all acutely interested in something obscured by the leaves. As she drew nearer, a nasty smell hit her and she wrinkled her face and pinched her nose.

She knew what it was. Ever since that incident, she had wondered how Angelica had cleaned up her poop accident. Now she knew. But she couldn’t stop herself. It was like a train wreck; she had to see.

She haltingly drew back the plants with one hand and looked down. There, stiff and wrinkled from drying out in the open air, were a pair of pink bikini-cut panties, with a sickly brown load of poop completely covering the seat.

Lily could feel herself losing control. It always felt the same way. The same sensation of being a stranger in your own body, of psychological resolve dissipating. She ran through the gate and across the yard, her breathing ragged, with one hand in her crotch in a vain attempt to stop the flow. As she sped across the grass, the wet spot gradually spread out on either side of her hand and down one leg of her jean shorts. She reached the back door and translated her momentum into forcefully sliding the door open, but she was jarringly stopped short by the fact that the door was locked. Again. She banged on the door with her free hand, yelling for someone inside to hear her, her other hand getting wetter and wetter as she continued leaking, urine now dripping from the cuff of her left leg and trickling down her thigh. She remembered what had happened the previous week and Angelica’s plight, including what ended up happening to her, as a new pressure built up in her abdomen.

It was unfortunate, but apparently inevitable, then, that Lily’s mom came to the door a minute later and found her daughter red-faced and sobbing, a puddle under her soaked tennis shoes and a load in her shorts.

