Angelica and Lily - The Complete Saga

Author: AlphaCentauri

*002*2023-03-20 10:56

Chapter 2 - Harvest Festival

Specific tags: peeing already wet clothes

The air was cool, and continually breezy, wafting scents of wood fires, pressed apples, and hot chocolate, and making the multicolored leaves on the grass dance. The low angle of the sun belied how early in the afternoon it actually was, and the cloudless sky too gave a false impression of how crisp the temperature truly was.

The car was driving almost due west, causing the sun to fall directly on the faces of its passengers. Even in autumn, the sunlight was hot inside the car, so the windows were cracked open to let the rich coolness balance out the interior. The lovely smells from outside commingled with the mouth-watering aroma of three fresh pies carefully stationed in the back seat.

Angelica unzipped her green fleece jacket as the sun was too warm on it, then reached back and adjusted her long brown braid. The harvest festival was one of her favorite events of the year, and a great way to hang out with friends from school, since everyone was back from summer by now. The car ride was oddly quiet, though, since Angelica’s big brother Patrick was away at college. His absence lent the experience a shade of nostalgic melancholy.

Angelica’s mother spoke. “So, Ange, will any of your friends be at the festival?”

Angelica could tell it was just an attempt at conversation, but she welcomed it. “Oh yeah. I think most of them. I think that Tina and Lou are coming, and Linda and Brian and Jackie said they would try. Oh, and maybe Shane.” Brian was the newest friend on that list, having just transferred to her school this year. She had intentionally inserted his name in the middle, trying very hard not to draw attention to it by putting him either first or last. The truth was, almost ever since they first met, Angelica had had a crush on him. He was one grade ahead of her, but polite, well-liked, and super cute. Every time he smiled it made her feel fluttery inside. Part of her resented feeling like that, wanting to flatter herself by imagining that she was above such childish whims of emotion, but that part was always noticeably absent whenever Brian himself was around.

The car pulled onto the grass parking field for Collins Farms, where the harvest festival was taking place. After stepping out and stretching their legs, Angelica helped her mom take the pies out of the back seat and carry them to the pavilion where the homemade goods competition would be taking place. They seemed to have arrived on the cusp of the main influx of people. There were others all around them making their way to the farm’s entrance, and the field was rapidly filling up with cars.

After a brief wait in line, both Angelica and her mom were given yellow bracelets for all-day access and directed to the pavilion. It was only a short walk from the main entrance, but enough for Angelica to get a good look at a number of the attractions present. There were pavilions where food and drink were sold, a wooden building which acted as the farm’s gift shop, temporary carnival rides set up which consisted of a Ferris wheel, tilt-a-whirl, and swinging dragon, and further off were fields where there would be pumpkins, a corn maze, and (in a few months) Christmas trees. Once at the registration table, she could see and smell a bevy of delectable treats already registered: pies, shortbreads, sweet rolls, and more. Her mouth watered and her stomach gave an eager growl.

Once the pies were registered, Angelica’s mom turned and gave Angelica a hug. “Have fun, baby! I assume you’ll be meeting up with your friends?”

Angelica squeezed her mom back, then separated the hug. “Yeah, I just have to find them first.”

“Well, call me if you need to. And remember, we’re going to try to leave by eight. Okay?”

“Sure thing, mom!” And with a wave, she turned and made her way straight to one of the food vendors. Her mom had given her some spending money for food, and after being unable to make up her mind for a minute or so, her stomach’s impatience got the better of her and she bought a roast turkey leg and a cup of cold, fresh-pressed apple cider. Apple cider was her favorite.

As she was ordering, the young girl taking the orders asked, “Would you like to get the unlimited-refills apple cider?” and pointed at the corner of the menu board. There, written in fancy chalk script, was the option of “Bottomless Cider - $8.” A single cup, on the other hand, cost $1.50. Angelica did some quick mental math and concluded that she would have to drink at least six cups of cider to make it worth it, but since they planned to be at the festival the whole afternoon, that would probably be no problem at all—especially considering how much she loved apple cider. A smile crept up one side of her face and she answered back a cheery “Sure!”

The girl handed her back a turkey leg on a paper plate wrapped in aluminum foil, and then reached under the counter and produced a fancier-than-normal disposable plastic cup. She turned to a five-gallon Igloo jug and filled the cup from it, then faced Angelica again and handed her the cup. “Bring this cup back here, and we’ll refill it for you.” Angelica gazed at the delicious brown liquid swirling in the cup in her hand and realized that the bottomless version was also larger than a normal cup. She took a sip and licked her lips, relishing the sweet and tangy freshness and the cold tartness. Wow, that was good.

She set down her plate and cup on the counter to pay, grabbed some napkins, and gave a little wave goodbye to the girl’s “have a nice day!” After wandering for a bit, taking intermittent sips and tantalized by the smell of the turkey leg, she found a spot at some picnic tables to sit. She had barely begun her turkey leg when she noticed she was already almost done with her first cup of cider. Glad she had opted for the free refills, she smiled to herself again and then walked briskly back to the food vendor and handed the same girl her cup with a cheeky expression on her face. The girl promptly filled it, handed it back with an “enjoy!” and Angelica found her spot again.

While eating, she pulled her phone out to text and see where her friends were. In between texts, she also scanned the crowds to see if she could spot anyone. Her phone was very nearly out of reception, and after several times of waiting a frustrating amount of time for a text to send, she decided it was probably not worth trying to meet up that way. She nibbled the last of the meat off her turkey leg, which by now had gone cold, wiped off her fingers with a napkin, and downed the rest of her cider. She walked over to the food vendor, threw out her trash in the trash can next to the stand, and refilled her cider again.

She was about to turn around when she felt an arm land abruptly around her shoulder, causing her to jump. A familiar voice said spunkily, if too loudly for how close it was to her ear, “Hey girl! I finally found you! Did I startle you?” and then burst out laughing. It was Jackie.

Angelica rolled her eyes but couldn’t help chuckling too. “Hi, Jackie. I’ve been looking for everyone. Have you found anyone else?”

Jackie laughed again. “Yeah, me and Lou came in at the same time, and we’ve already found Shane and Tina.” She pointed over too her right, where the other friends were standing.

Angelica felt a twinge of disappointment that Brian was not among them, but she knew better than to ask about his whereabouts—especially to Jackie. Boy, if Jackie even suspected she had a crush on Brian, she would never hear the end of it. She masked it with a big grin and ran over to her other friends to give hugs and say hi. They decided to go do the Ferris wheel first (Lou and Jackie wanted to do the swinging dragon, but Angelica didn’t think it was a good idea right after eating).

Afterwards they spent their time flitting from activity to activity, sprinkling in the occasional snack from a vendor, and Angelica filling her cider cup again. The whole time she wondered about if Brian would show up or not. At one point Shane checked his phone and informed the group that Linda said she wouldn’t make it after all. Tina gave a petulant moan at that news, and Angelica wanted very much to ask about Brian, since he was now the only unaccounted-for friend. Of course it would turn out that way. Instead, she kept her thoughts to herself.

As the afternoon reached its middle, the five friends agreed to try the corn maze before it got too dark. Before they entered, though, Angelica went to top off her cider again. This was her sixth cup, and though she wasn’t really thirsty at this point, she wanted to hit the six-cup mark to justify buying the bottomless cider. As she sipped it on her way back to the corn maze entrance, she glanced to her right at the port-a-potties lined up along the edge of the farm property. There were already decent lines forming for them, and she imagined they would only get longer as people settled down for dinner. The farm probably underestimated how many facilities they would need. She guessed she would have to take a break for them after the corn maze.

Meeting up again at the wooden gateway to the corn maze, Angelica and each of her friends were handed a paper with blanks to write in and a golf pencil. They were told that inside the corn maze there were different stations hidden, each with a riddle. The challenge was to find each of the stations and solve each riddle. There didn’t seem to be any sort of prize—it was just a fun activity to take part in. The five friends eagerly slipped inside and immediately seemed to be in a different world. The corn stalks all around them formed a formidably impenetrable wall, and it was easy to miss different pathways through the deceptively tortuous labyrinth.

With their fair share of bantering, bickering, laughing, and arguing, they found the first two thirds of the riddles pretty quickly. But then it became a matter of finding the ones they had missed, and going back and trying to find passages that hadn’t been explored yet, and then finding your way back once you had. Angelica guessed that they had probably been in the maze for almost forty minutes, and she began to wonder how much longer it would be.

At one of the stations they found, after writing down the riddle on her paper, she stood and waited as the rest of her friends did likewise. Shane in particular was having a difficult time of it, trying to hold the paper in his hand and write on it without anything to lean on. As Jackie and Lou teased him, Angelica gazed off down the other paths of the maze. It felt surreal, since one could hear voices of people passing through all around, but most of the times they were hidden by more walls of corn. In this case, she could see group of three girls probably around her age coming around the bend. Two of them were laughing, but the third had a worried look on her face.

“Come on, guys, it’s not funny! Let’s just get out of here.”

“Of course it’s funny! Why didn’t you just go before we started the maze?”

“The lines were too long and I didn’t want to wait. I didn’t know we’d be in here so long!”

“Guess you shouldn’t’ve had so much to drink, huh?”

“Stop it!” The girl moaned plaintively and rubbed her gray-sweatpants-clad thighs with her hands, looking like she wanted to grab her crotch, but not with anyone watching. “You guys, come on. I’m literally dying here.”

The other two continued to laugh as the group passed by. Angelica frowned at being reminded of the need for a toilet. Her own bladder was filling from all the cider she had consumed, and now the girl’s apparent desperation brought back up a memory which she had tried hard to suppress—one from the year before, when she had first met Lily Wells, a girl who was prone to incontinent accidents, but ended up having an accident herself. Luckily, no one had found out. Still, the embarrassment and shock from it had taken a while to dissipate in her mind, and now they were beginning to try to peep their heads out again.

She turned her head back towards her friends, who had finished up with their riddle and were now coming toward her, laughing and joking still. Lou noticed the look on Angelica’s face and asked, “What’s wrong, Ange?”

Angelica quickly snapped a fake smile on and answered chipperly, “Nothing, sorry! Just got lost in thought.” This was enough to satisfy the question, and the five friends continued on their search in the maze. But now that the memory of her accident had been brought back up again, Angelica found she had to actively struggle to suppress it, and in concert with it, she felt her bladder give her more alerts. It wasn’t starting to hurt yet, but with all the cider she had drunk she knew that it would keep filling up, and probably pretty fast. She would have to get in line for the port-a-potties right after they got out of the maze.

Unfortunately, though, there was no way of knowing how much longer that would be. They were still scouring for the last few riddles, which could be anywhere. Angelica didn’t much feel like conversation at this point and stayed at the tail end of the group. She wished they would either find the riddles quickly or just give up—it wasn’t as if there were any prize for getting all of them, anyway—and leave so that she could use the bathroom. She pushed a strand of her brown hair out of her eyes and zipped up her fleece jacket, the waning afternoon light bringing a chill to the breeze.

In reality, she didn’t need to go incredibly urgently. She knew that in all likelihood she would be able to leave the maze whenever they finished up and wait her turn for the bathroom without even a hint of desperation. The truth was, however, that ever since last year, when she learned the hard way that, even at her age, she could still lose bladder control and pee her pants, she had become increasingly cautious about using the bathroom when she got the chance. The memory of having an accident made even a milder urge give off higher danger signals to her brain. She tried to keep herself relaxed and think about something else, but the whole time she wondered if she should just suggest that they leave and try something else. She was afraid of being the first to suggest it, though—afraid of her friends teasing her for being a party pooper, or worse, for needing the bathroom.

She breathed a quiet sigh of relief when, after some of the pep had seemed to go out with the fading light, Tina spoke up, “Let’s just go, guys. I don’t want to spend the rest of the time in this dumb corn maze.” Shane wanted to stay, but Tina’s sentiment was seconded by the rest of the girls, so they made their way towards the exit, with Shane still trying to find any last hidden passage or cul-de-sac along the way. Thankfully, they had spent long enough in the maze to be able to find their way out without any trouble.

Once out, the friends were pleasantly surprised to find that it wasn’t as dark as it seemed in the corn maze, with all the high opaque walls of corn stalks on every side. They could still find some activities to do before the sun set and the rides would be closed. After dark, focus would shift to the various fairground competitions: carnival-type stalls and contests for quilts and pies and jams. Angelica wanted to be around for the pie contest to cheer for her mom.

For now, though, she turned to make her way to the port-a-potties and was glad when Lou and Jackie came as well. Now that she knew she would be able to relieve herself, the wisps of panic that had been trying to eat at the edge of her mind died down. Everything was fine. Of course everything was fine. She was with her friends, smiling again, chatting and laughing. They passed by the apple launching station and the hayride. There was nothing to worry about. It wouldn’t be at all like last time, the time at Lily’s—

Her face suddenly fell, replaced by an expression of dread. As she had glanced over the hayride, her eyes fell on the group of teenagers in the wagon, specifically on one girl with a red plaid flannel shirt and blue jeans, her blonde hair tied up into braided pigtails.

It was Lily.

A sense as of a nightmare coming true began creeping into the edges of Angelica’s psyche, and she had to consciously keep a feeling of panic at bay. Ever since the incident the previous year, she hadn’t been in touch with Lily in any way, shape, or form. When they first met, it seemed as though they would get along splendidly, but after that fateful afternoon…well, she had just been too embarrassed and felt too awkward to try to start over at a friendship. She hadn’t even seen Lily at all, and now, just when those memories were rebelling against her attempts to suppress them, here Lily was in person. The coincidence seemed freaky at best, and ominous at worst. In response, she felt her bladder tighten, and she quickly lifted up one leg and then the other to quiet the urge.

It would have been best for her to pretend she hadn’t even seen Lily at all and to just continue on her way. But before she thought of taking the nonchalant approach, Lily’s gaze fell on Angelica as well, reciprocating her stare. Angelica watched as Lily’s expression also transformed from cheery to shocked. She didn’t look quite as aghast as Angelica, but the look on her face nonetheless communicated clearly enough that the surprise was not a good one.

It was as if a private eternity passed between them in that moment of understanding. Each one knew, and knew that each other knew, that they had been trying to forget about the accidents the year before but now had those attempts shattered by the sight of one another again. Angelica now felt a new sense of extreme awkwardness rising up in her, realizing that now that they had clearly seen and recognized each other, the only polite thing to do would be to acknowledge it to one another. Nothing seemed like a worse idea to her, and she swallowed a fast-forming knot in her throat. What would they say to each other? “Hi, how’ve you been, keeping dry since last time?”

Her dilemma was mercifully cut short, however, by the fact that Lily was still in the hayride wagon, which was now departing with a belch of black smoke from the tractor pulling it. The two never broke eye contact, though, not until the tractor and cart rumbled bumpily around the bend and were obscured by the darkening woods.

Angelica snapped her attention back to her current surroundings and hurried to catch up with Lou and Jackie. They were almost at the port-a-potties now, but as they neared them, Angelica saw that the lines were now even longer than before. Scanning the row of toilets, the culprit seemed to be the unfortunate closure of two of them. The three girls joined the lines, and Lou began whining about how much she needed to go. Jackie laughed, but Angelica didn’t say anything. She was thinking about Lily and their first meeting, and trying to tell herself that she didn’t need to go as badly as she thought she did. She breathed deeply and closed her eyes. It was mind over matter. Focus on breathing, and the bladder urges would subside. That’s it. She could do this. A minute or two passed in line, which barely moved, but she was sure now that she had everything under control.

She opened her eyes again and gazed absentmindedly across the crowds of people still milling about. Floodlights had been turned on by now to light up the farm grounds. Despite the waning daylight, there were still large numbers of active people milling about and filling the area. Her eyes drifted back and forth, watching nobody in particular, until they landed on a familiar-looking head of auburn hair. She looked closer, and then her heart gave a little jump of excitement. It was Brian.

To her annoyance, her stomach immediately felt jittery all over. Why couldn’t she just be like a normal person and not make an idiot of herself whenever he was around? Along with her stomach, she felt a jittery feeling further down as well, and found she had to scissor her legs closed a few times before the sensation passed. She was just like a little kid, needing to pee out of excitement. Grow up already!

Still, she didn’t want to miss the chance to talk to Brian. She had spent the whole afternoon wishing he were there, and now he showed up when she was stuck in line. She groaned to herself and turned back to the line for the port-a-potty. There were at least ten people still in front of her, and not moving quickly. Looking the other way, she could see that only two people had joined the line behind her. She wondered if Lou would be able to hold her place in line while she quickly slipped away. Turning her head back toward the crowd, she tried to find Brian again. After a few terrible seconds of thinking she had lost him, she spotted him again, but this time further away. In a few seconds he would be lost in the crowd. It was now or never.

After a half second of deliberation, Angelica made her choice. She tore away from the line and jogged after Brian. In the distance behind her she could hear Jackie’s confused voice, “Hey, Ange, where are you going?” She shouted over her shoulder, “I’ll be back in a minute!” Trying to dodge in and out of the pedestrians as best she could, she kept her eyes locked on Brian and steadily closed the gap. Now twenty feet, now ten feet—then she called out, “Hey Brian!”

It took a second for Brian to realize that the voice was coming from behind him. He turned around with a bewildered expression, not knowing who was calling him, until his eyes met Angelica’s. Then his expression lit up and he flashed that winning smile of his. “Oh! Hey, Angelica!”

Angelica wished he would give her a hug hello, but she didn’t want to be the one to initiate. “You made it after all! You never said if you would or not.” She tried to control her breathing in order to not seem too out of breath. She didn’t want Brian to know how fast she had tried to catch up with him.

Brian gave a kind of sheepish laugh and rubbed the back of his head. “Yeah…sorry about that. I guess I meant to…”

“It’s okay! You’re here now, so that’s all that matters.” Then thinking that sounded way too forward, she added, “I mean, now we can all hang out.”

“Yeah. Yeah! Yeah, that’ll be fun. What have you all done so far?”

“Uh, some of the rides. We did the corn maze. Nothing that great, though.”

“Oh, you didn’t really like it? It must’ve been better last year. They had these riddles you had to find and solve, and it was super cool.”

Angelica reddened a little bit. “Oh, well, those were still there. Um, I just mean…” All the things popping into her brain were too stupid to say. Things like “nothing could be that great without you there” and “I’m sure it would have been so much better with you.” She eventually stammered out, “I, uh, I just didn’t want you to feel bad. Y’know, for missing it. I mean I don’t you to feel bad for missing out. Not, like, not like we were mad at you or anything for not being there.” Wow, Brian must think she’s a total airhead now.

“Oh, okay. Gotcha. No, uh, no worries.”

An awkward few seconds passed, each looking away and at the ground. Finally, they both spoke at the same time. “What do you want to—”

“Oh, have you seen—”

They both laughed nervously and then Brian motioned with his hand for Angelica to speak first. She responded with “no, no, you first,” and then another nervous laugh. Brian gave that grin of his again, then started over, “I was going to ask if you’ve seen the lake yet.”

Angelica tilted her head. “No, what lake? There’s a lake here? I didn’t know that!”

Brian’s awkwardness seemed to transition into excitement. “That’s the thing, most people don’t! It’s not technically part of the farm grounds, but it’s owned by the farm, so I don’t think it’s trespassing or anything. It’s down a path in the woods, but it’s super pretty, especially ’cause usually no one’s there.” His eyes were twinkling.

Angelica felt a surge of butterflies well up inside her. “Could…could we go there now?”

Brian’s smile stretched across his face. “Sure! I’ll take you there.” He turned with a bounce in his step and began to slow jog towards the treeline. Angelica couldn’t believe it. She was getting to go to a romantic hidden lake alone with the cutest guy in her school. She had to actively keep from squealing.

As they hurried along, Brian looked back at her and said, “We’ll have to be quick, though. It’s getting dark fast.” So they couldn’t be there too long. Oh well, though, that was no big deal. Just the fact that he was taking her at all gave her a thrill. A second thrill layered on top of her first one when she then realized that since she found him, he hadn’t even asked about who else was there. Maybe it was selfish of her…but she wouldn’t waste any time or thought on that question.

They reached the edge of the woods, and Brian said in a hushed voice, “It’s right in here. Let’s go in quick before anyone sees us.” Before anyone saw them? Angelica’s smile faded as questions began popping into her head. Was this something they weren’t supposed to be doing? Could this land her in trouble with her parents—or worse, the law? She whispered back, “I thought you said this wasn’t trespassing!”

Brian hemmed and hawed a bit. “Well, I mean…like, it’s not, technically…but, I, I just…I don’t want someone to see us and think we’re doing something we shouldn’t. Even though we’re not, not technically. You know? Like, I don’t want them to make a rule saying that the lake is off limits. Also, if people saw us going there, then it wouldn’t be a secret anymore, would it?”

Angelica did not feel entirely satisfied by Brian’s answer, but a kind of eager excitement, that of getting away with something, began to counter her unease. Besides, they had gotten this far—and when else would she get an opportunity like this? Suppressing her better judgment, she decided to go for it. “Okay, let’s do it!”

Brian seemed to relax and said, “Follow me!” before disappearing down a path between the trees. Angelica dove in after him, but then stopped and turned around a few feet in to see if anyone had seen them.

They had distanced themselves from the main farm grounds, and the noise of the crowds had receded, replaced by the steady chirping of crickets and rustling of wind through trees. They were closer by the parking lot now, which, though filled with cars, was mostly empty of people and lit only by two floodlights on poles. Far off, she could hear the indistinct sound of a person talking through a bullhorn, followed by cheers; and she felt a pang of guilt go through her as she realized that the contests were starting and she wasn’t there to root for her mom.

She looked back into the woods. Brian had gone far enough now that she couldn’t even see him anymore, and she wondered if this was a good idea after all. Maybe she should just go back? She then remembered that she had told Jackie that she would only be gone a minute, and another pang of guilt went through her. She wondered if they were waiting for her still, or if they were worried about her, and then remembered that she still hadn’t gone to the bathroom.

Well, then. She really should just tell Brian she couldn’t go with him now and head back, use the bathroom, cheer for her mom, and enjoy the night. Maybe she and Brian could do other things together, like buy a funnel cake or go on the Ferris wheel. She chewed her lip in indecision as she thought about the problems with that idea, though. If they went back now, it would either be for Brian to join with the rest of her friends, or for them to still try to do things by themselves and risk one of her friends seeing them and making fun of them for being on a “date” together. Also, what would she say to Brian? “Sorry, I forgot I have to pee”?

She turned her head back toward the parking lot, hearing Brian’s voice from behind her as she did so, “Hey, Angelica, are you coming?” She paused, wanting to say yes but still wavering back and forth in her mind.

As she did, though, she noticed two figures in the parking lot. One was a woman probably her mom’s age, and the other was a girl, probably close to her own age, ostensibly the woman’s daughter. She couldn’t hear what they were saying, but she could tell from body language that both were upset, and the girl seemed to be walking weirdly. This momentary distraction halted her mental balancing act and tuned out Brian’s question. The two were evidently preparing to go home, but Angelica kept watching, trying to figure out why the girl looked familiar. Then it clicked—she was the girl from the corn maze…the one who had to pee.

As it dawned on her, the two found their car, directly illuminated by the floodlight. The mother was clearly berating the girl, who seemed to be taking it in sullen silence. Before Angelica could even wonder what the mother was upset over, though, the girl turned around to open the car door.

Angelica gave a slow intake of breath. Across the girl’s butt and down her legs, fully visible in the bright beam from the (aptly named) floodlight, was a massive wet spot. Nothing had been very visible from the front, but now that she had turned around, there was no denying it. The wet stain made the gray of her sweatpants a distinctly darker gray, and it spread from under both butt cheeks and up a little between them all down the backs and insides of both legs. It was very clear. She had had an accident.

Angelica thought of her behavior in the corn maze and wondered. Had she been on the verge of losing control then? Or had she thought she would be fine, only to face a line for the bathrooms that outlasted her sphincter’s endurance? Had she expected to make it, or did she know she was going to wet her pants even before it happened? A shudder of dread went through Angelica’s stomach as she felt her own bladder tense up in response. Would she be in the same boat? Thinking she could make it, only to lose control and pee herself in front of everyone? She thought again of the time the year before, when she had thought she would make it, only to…

There was nothing for it. The only thing to do would be to dispel it from her mind, and the only way to do that…

“Yeah, sorry! I’m coming.” She called after Brian.

~*~*~*~*~

The hayride wagon bumped and jostled along its route, making yet another circuit on the rough dirt road through the woods. The driver of the tractor was Pete Collins, or “Uncle Pete,” a gray-haired, balding, rotund man wearing a woolen shirt and overalls. In the wagon itself were six teenage girls, one of whom was Lily. A couple of them were sitting in the hay, but the rest preferred to stand near the front of the wagon bed.

Lily, like these other five girls, had volunteered two weeks ago to work on the hayride. There would be a lot of parents with very young children, but also a number of kids unaccompanied by anyone. After enough instances of prepubescent boys starting hay fights or trying to jump off the wagon, in order to avoid legal liability, the farm had slots for adolescent girls to be “hayride babysitters,” in essence. Their job would be to stay on the ride throughout the afternoon and make sure that passengers were safe and not misbehaving.

The hayride’s circuit began near the entrance to the farms, then cut through the woods to the other end of the farm grounds. Here passengers could join or leave before the hayride cut back through the woods, this time taking a different route. In this way, the hayride acted as both an activity and also a shuttle bus. It had begun running at 12:30, and taken a half-hour break at 3:30. Now, at almost 6:30, with the sun almost gone behind the trees, it was making its final trip. The depot at the entrance to the park had closed down, and this trip was to get any passengers waiting at the end of the farm grounds before coming back.

The girls in the back were mostly quiet. It had been a long day, and they were about ready to be done and just relax. Thankfully, most of the kids who had ridden had been pretty good, except for one time when a group of three boys kept trying to reach as far as they could out of the wagon to snap off branches. After admonishments by the girls on duty failed to deter them, Uncle Pete stopped and turned around to tell them to behave in a short but effective miniature lecture. His wizened nature and no-nonsense country tone had the desired effect, and the rest of the ride resumed in peace.

Lily stood leaning in the corner at the front of the wagon. She was tired, just like the rest of the girls, but she was also uneasy. She was surprised to see Angelica also here at the farm, and hoped they wouldn’t bump into each other again while here. Seeing Angelica again brought back the unpleasant memories from the year before, when they had first met, and then both ended up wetting themselves. Even though she was prone to having accidents, having a sympathetic spastic bladder, it still was embarrassing to have it happen—especially when you were with someone you just met. And the fact that Angelica had also peed herself…well, that was probably super embarrassing for her, too. If they crossed paths again, it would just bring that memory back up for both of them, and it would be awkward on both sides. She crossed her arms and tried to keep warm, as the air grew noticeably colder.

Of course, now that she had seen Angelica, those memories came back anyway. Angelica had waited too long to go and ended up peeing in her clothes. Seeing Angelica desperate for a toilet and then wet her pants produced a sympathetic reaction in Lily—against her will, her bladder also gave way and emptied. And remembering what happened was now creating the same effect again. She crisscrossed her legs as she felt the sensation of needing a toilet.

Neither she nor any of the other girls had used the bathroom since the break at mid-afternoon, but they also hadn’t had much to drink, so everyone seemed to be fine. Lily glanced around at the five other girls to see if any of them looked like they needed to pee too and brushed a strand of blonde hair out of her eyes. In the dim light, she couldn’t see any signs of it, and she rubbed her arms together to keep warm, her thighs also rubbing together. She wondered if she would be able to get off at the far end of the farm to use the port-a-potties there.

Her attention was suddenly snapped to her left as Cassandra, one of the girls sitting in the hay, asked, “Hey, Lily, are you okay? You’re moving weird.”

Lily blushed slightly as she realized that she had been swaying slowly back and forth as she rubbed her legs together. She gave a little nervous laugh and replied, “Haha, yeah, I’m fine. Just kinda cold.”

Cassandra snickered and said, “Heh, okay. You just look like you need to go pee or something.”

Lily was glad the light was low, since she was sure she reddened further at that remark. “Hah, no. I’m fine. I mean, I could use the toilet, but I can wait.”

Cassandra just laughed and stared off into the woods again. Lily on the other hand now felt her urge increase, and had to fight the urge to fidget even more. She hoped they would get to the halfway point soon.

~*~*~*~*~

Brian and Angelica continued picking their way along the forest path. It was now too dark to see where they were going, and so both of them had their phone flashlights on to light the way. Even with those, the shadows produced were deceptive, and it was easy to either misjudge a tree root and stumble or jump at a moving shadow that looked like a small animal darting nearby. The going was quiet, with Brian walking in front of Angelica, and only occasionally offering a “you all right?” or “it’s this way” to her. It was probably just because he was focused, but Angelica wished they could be talking about anything at all, but didn’t want to have to be the one to try to start or maintain a conversation.

Unfortunately, the silence left her with no distraction from thinking about needing the bathroom. Her bladder kept filling up from all the cider she’d had, and now that the initial excitement of going to a hidden lake with Brian had passed, she was left alone with a slow trudge and the jostling of her bladder with every step. When she was in line, she had definitely felt the need to go, but now it was starting to become painful. They had better get to the lake soon and then head back. She inwardly berated herself for agreeing to go along with this. At this rate, no matter how romantic this escapade, she would constantly be focusing on holding her pee.

She kept her gaze locked on the ground to watch her step. It would be too embarrassing to have to cut things short by letting Brian know about her dilemma. She felt an internal conflict wage in her head: on the one hand, the longer she waited, the worse she would have to go; but on the other hand, the closer they would be to being back anyway. Maybe the lake would be too dark to enjoy after all and they would simply turn around and come back. She just hoped it would be soon.

~*~*~*~*~

Lily gave out a sigh of relief when the far end of the property came in view. The farm would be closing in a few hours, and the further areas were already being shut down, with patrons herded back to the near end of the grounds. The tractor growled and rattled to a stop by the fence where passengers would get into the wagon. Other than two preteen boys who were laughing and fighting with water pistols, there didn’t seem to be anyone else.

Uncle Pete half-turned his round body towards the back and called out, “Get on in, boys. This end’s closing. Everybody’s got to come back to the entrance.” The boys didn’t acknowledge him but climbed into the wagon.

Lily looked around and saw that everything at this end of the farm grounds was dark and deserted. She knew that Uncle Pete would just start driving straight back without waiting, so she had to ask him now. Her voice sounded small to her as she hesitatingly asked, “Um, Uncle Pete? Can we stop here so I can go use the bathroom?” She hoped no one else would hear.

Uncle Pete turned to her and replied gently, “I’m sorry, Lily, but it’s too dark out here now. I can’t let you do that. You’ll just have to wait till we get back, all right, darlin’?”

Lily wanted to protest, but she knew that he would be firm, and besides, the more of a fuss she made, the more attention she would call to herself. She clenched tightly and tapped one foot to shake off the urge before answering as bravely as she could, “Okay, that’s fine.”

Uncle Pete faced forward again and started up the tractor with a lurch. All the girls who were standing briefly stumbled before getting their balance again. Lily went back to leaning in the corner, but found she couldn’t stand still and had to keep rubbing her legs together. The cold combined with nerves, as she was unable to relax, and made her rub her arms more vigorously and her teeth start chattering.

Sam, another of the girls, seemed to have gradually noticed Lily’s predicament. She leaned closer to Lily with a smirk and said, “Gotta pee, Lils?”

Lily tried to look nonchalant, but she couldn’t keep her teeth from chattering as she answered, “No, why?”

Sam chuckled. “Don’t try to act like you don’t. I heard you ask Uncle Pete if you could use the toilets.” She looked back at Lily. “I mean, I get it. Once we get back, I’m sure there’s gonna be a line for the port-a-potties.”

Lily’s face fell as she heard this. She hadn’t even thought about the lines. Her bladder felt prickly and quivery, and as she thought about having to stand in line, she had to suddenly suck in a gasp through her teeth and bend over for a few seconds.

Sam laughed. “Wow. You’ve really gotta go bad, huh?”

Lily held back. Admitting you need the bathroom badly is like admitting you’re ticklish. It only exacerbates any teasing you were theretofore receiving. She whined back, “No! Shut up!”

At this point, the other girls in the wagon were starting to notice this back-and-forth. Sam kept needling Lily. “I guess you’ll just have to hold it. Unless you don’t think you can wait that long?” She laughed again.

A sense of panic began swirling inside Lily. It was bad enough with her own thoughts, but now with Sam teasing her about needing to pee, she didn’t know if she could hold on.

~*~*~*~*~

Angelica guessed they had been walking for close to twenty minutes at this point, and her enthusiasm had all but entirely dissipated. She was tired and hungry, and her bladder was hurting more now. She decided to speak up. “Hey, Brian, are we almost there? This is farther than I thought it would be.”

Brian stopped and turned. The look on his face was not comforting to Angelica. His brow was furrowed with a blend of worry and concentration. “Well, we should have been there a while ago. I don’t know why it’s taking us so long this time.”

Angelica just stared at him for several seconds before realization dawned on her. She swallowed and then asked the question she was afraid to ask, her voice shaky: “Brian…are we lost?”

He didn’t answer. Instead he just sighed and looked back at her with a face of defeat. That was answer enough. A spike of panic made Angelica suddenly have to grab her crotch before she regained her poise. She quickly turned her phone’s screen back on and turned off the flashlight. Maybe she could call her mom and let her know what had happened. It didn’t matter how much her mom blew up on her at this point. She found her mom in her contacts and pressed dial. The phone stayed silent for about ten seconds before beeping to notify her that the call had ended. Frustrated, she looked at the screen and saw that she had no reception.

Angelica almost started to cry. Here she was, lost out alone in the woods in the dark, with a boy that—as she now thought about it—she barely knew, and with no way of contacting her mom. For all she knew, her mom could be desperately trying to call her right now and be worried sick. And to top it all off, she really, really had to pee. She half-turned away and took a few deep breaths to maintain her composure. Facing Brian again, she said in as stern a voice as she could muster, “My phone doesn’t have any signal. Does yours? After all, you got us into this.”

Brian wordlessly looked down to check his phone also, his face full of guilt. For a split second Angelica regretted sounding so harsh, but then a new wave of anger washed over her. This was his fault, after all. It was his idea, and he should have known better than to go when it was so dark out if he didn’t know the way well enough.

The truth was that it was her fear that was manifesting itself as anger. And she was afraid. She was afraid of a whole host of unknowns. She didn’t know where they were. She didn’t know if her mom was trying to find her. She didn’t know if her friends were looking for her. She choked back a sob and thought that she also didn’t know if she could even trust Brian, much as she liked him. And of course, she didn’t know if she could make it to a toilet in time before humiliating herself—possibly in front of Brian. She couldn’t let that happen. So it was either yell or cry. Or…something else. As she thought that, she scissored her legs back and forth and bobbed up and down for a few seconds. She had to pee so badly.

Still looking at his phone, Brian answered, “I’ve got nothing, either.” He looked back up, his voice low. “Let’s just try to find our way back. We’ve gotta get out of the woods at some point if we just go back the direction we came. Maybe we can figure out where we are once we’re out. Or maybe we’ll get phone reception.”

Angelica could only give a nod in response, but couldn’t stand still. She was still fidgeting visibly and began chewing her lip. Brian watched for a few moments before asking gently, “Hey, you okay?” He reached out his hand and touched her shoulder softly.

Angelica pulled sharply away from his touch and faced away from him. She didn’t want him to see her cry. This was supposed to be a fun and exciting time for her to be alone with him, and now everything—everything—was going wrong. She scrunched up her face and wrapped her arms around herself as tears began to trickle down her face. The whole time, she still had to clench her legs tightly together and bounce up and down. She felt incredibly vulnerable, but also understood that the only way she would get out of this would be to trust Brian. Maybe he was scared too. She lifted her chin, sniffled, and said in as steady a voice as she could, “No. I’m not okay. I—” and tried to keep her voice still as more tears overflowed— “I really, really have to go to the bathroom.”

Brian gave a quiet “oh” and then was quiet. Angelica wiped her tears away and then grabbed her crotch with one hand. Now that she finally admitted it, she didn’t have to try to hide it anymore. She turned around again, holding herself and bobbing. Brian just watched this and didn’t seem to know how to react. Finally, he said, “Uh, wow. I’m sorry. Let’s, uh, let’s get going, then.” He turned his phone’s light back on and turned back the way they came. Angelica followed with her phone’s flashlight, intermittently squeezing her crotch. Now that she at least admitted it, she did feel some slight relief. But they would still have to find a bathroom, and fast.

~*~*~*~*~

“Gotta go real bad, Lils? I’ll bet all this jostling of the wagon is just making it harder, huh?”

Lily had turned away from the other girls and was now trying to tune them out and focus on holding it. “Shut up, Sam! It’s not funny!” She was surprised at herself, having been raised not to be so rude.

“Just think about something else. Like Niagara Falls. Or a huge glass of cold, clear water.” Sam couldn’t finish her sentence without laughing again. Most of the other girls were also laughing along, probably not knowing what effect their teasing was having. For poor Lily, on the other hand, all these jabs about having to pee were actually making her need feel more intense as a sympathetic reaction. She leaned over, drawing one leg up against the other like a stork, then crossed it over the other like a human pretzel. Her bladder kept tensing up to the point where she felt sure it would pop, before relaxing again. If only they would just get tired of teasing her and stop. Maybe then she could make it all the way back and wait in line without losing control. Maybe.

She bit on her lip and squeezed her eyes shut, tensing every muscle in her body. Holding onto the rail of the wagon, she bent her legs into a crouch, then stood back up. With her other hand, she vigorously rubbed her thigh. Her teeth kept chattering.

The laughter from the other girls died down a little bit, and Lily hoped for a moment that they would actually leave her alone now. But Sam wasn’t done. “Just think about how good it would feel to just let go, though. Wouldn’t that be nice? Just let go, Lily.”

Lily gritted her teeth. “No! Cut it out!” she snapped over her shoulder.

Sam had a smirk on her face. “Come on, Lily. Just do it.” She lowered her voice. “Just pee. Pee in your pants. Wouldn’t that be nice and warm?”

Lily felt her mental stamina drying up. No! She couldn’t let Sam make her pee herself just by telling her to! She had to hold on! She switched hands on the rail of the wagon and buried her free hand deep in her crotch, holding on for all she was worth. If she could only hold on…if she could only hold on…

She bobbed up and down again, squeezing with her hand…

If she could only hold on…but she couldn’t hold on…

A groan escaped Lily’s lips as she felt her sphincter give way and a rush of hot, gushing urine spurt out into her pants. Her private parts immediately grew warm, and she felt the wetness and warmth spread to her hand a moment later. She gasped and let go of the rail to use both hands to hold back the impending flood. Incredibly, she actually succeeded in holding it back. Several spikes of pressure and pain followed the initial leak, threatening to open the valves again, but she was able to will them down, her bladder’s tensing coming under control. Given her condition, under any other circumstances, Lily would be proud of herself.

Unfortunately, she wasn’t in other circumstances, and Sam instantly realized what happened. “Oh my gosh, Lily, did you just pee? Seriously? Oh my gosh, that is so crazy. Are you really about to pee your pants, Lily? I can’t believe you just peed!” She put one hand over her mouth, both in surprise and to muffle her laughter. The other girls, who hadn’t been as aggressive in their teasing as Sam, now burst out laughing as well. Even the two boys in the back with them, though several years younger than Lily herself, also began to take notice, pointing and guffawing.

Cassandra quieted her snickering and joined in, “Lily, let us see. Did you really pee?”

Lily still had her head down, trying to keep from losing any more control. She removed one hand from her crotch to take hold of the rail again, but didn’t want to risk moving the other. Her underwear was already beginning to feel cold and clammy against her skin. She didn’t say anything, knowing that she was probably very red, and if Sam decided to keep pressing, she might actually succeed in making Lily totally flood her pants. She just had to hold on. Lifting her head, she took in the dark woods around. They were probably about halfway back.

~*~*~*~*~

They had been walking for maybe ten minutes, still in silence. The steadiness and monotony of walking through featureless woods helped Angelica feel like she was in control of her bladder again. She had let go of her crotch and was walking briskly. Soon, hopefully, they would be out of the woods, and then she would go pee. It would be close, but she could make it.

Brian gave a sudden cry and pointed. Angelica looked up from her fixed focus on the path to look. At last—there was a patch of faint twilight through the trees! They were almost out of the forest!

Angelica breathed out “at last!” and rushed forward past Brian. She reached the edge of the trees and looked out, hoping to see the farm grounds. Instead, she saw a wide field with a farmhouse at the far end of it. She scanned the edges of the field, looking for anything helpful or familiar. After not finding anything, she pulled out her phone again and checked it. Still no reception.

Brian came up beside her. Angelica turned to him, as if expecting him to know what to do now. “Have you seen this place before?” she asked. Brian’s eyes roved over the property before he finally shook his head. Angelica sighed. “Great. Now what?” Her bladder was hurting more now that they were out of the woods, and she began to bob slightly.

Brian looked at his phone also. “I still don’t have reception. Well, maybe if we start walking towards that house, we’ll find a road or something. Or maybe someone’s there and can tell us where we are. This might be part of the farm’s property, actually.”

Angelica stared at the farmhouse. All the lights were out, so she had assumed it was empty. But what if there were people inside, and they were just watching TV? Or went to be early? If there were people in the house, maybe they could help them find their way back. Or maybe…they could let her use the bathroom.

Once the thought entered her head, there was no setting it aside. With a sudden rush of desperation, Angelica took off running towards the house. She heard Brian after her call out, “Angelica, wait! What are you doing?” before following after her.

She hoped beyond hope that someone would be there. Relief—or potential relief, at least—promised to be close! Her whole abdomen ached from the pent-up deluge that she had been holding for so long. Her crotch began to tingle as needles shot through her bladder, bringing wave after wave of tensing, desperate pain. She could feel her urine come up the very tip of her sphincter, ready to rush free. Her bladder tightened, ready to be relieved.

No! Not yet! She had to hold on…she had to hold on. Her left hand went back into her groin, making her run slower. But she had to get there! She had to. Her thoughts were tumbling as quickly as her breathing. I can make it I’ve got to make it Please oh please let me make it I can’t lose control I can’t pee my pants Please please not in front of Brian I can hold it I can hold it I can’t hold it Yes I can No I can’t I’ve got to I’ve got to It hurts so much

Her breath was making plumes of mist that billowed past her head, and her eyes began to water and her throat began to feel sticky from dryness. Her heart was beating in her ears and her breathing was ragged, but she couldn’t stop now. She knew that if she did, it would be all over.

Almost there! The farmhouse was only thirty feet away now…now twenty…now ten, and she was bounding up the creaky wooden steps to the porch. She had hoped to see some sign of life through the windows—maybe the light from a TV, or phone, even a candle would have been a welcome sight. But as she had gotten closer, the house appeared more and more deserted. The paint on the porch was peeling, the canvas bench next to the door looked covered in dust, and the pot of dirt had no signs of any plant life. It could’ve been a postapocalyptic scene, for how abandoned and desolate it looked.

Angelica rushed up to the door and banged on it desperately with her free hand, her other one still acting as a dam against the floodwaters. She tried banging with her fist, and then her palm, trying to make as much noise as possible. The whole time, she had to keep bobbing and bouncing up and down to keep from losing control. In a fit of wild desperation, she even grabbed the door handle and wrenched and shook it, trying to let herself in.

She looked back over her shoulder. Brian was still catching up to her, not running like she had. She couldn’t let him see her like this—she had to pee! She had to get relief! Her bladder felt like an overinflated balloon inside her, ready to pop. She couldn’t remember ever having to pee this badly before, even on times when she had wet herself. An ocean of hot urine was pent up inside her, sending wave after wave of intense, shooting pain through her abdomen, and making all her muscles tense up all the way down into her thighs. Her hand kept trying to squeeze harder, to grip tighter—any way possible to win the fight that her sphincter was losing. She crossed her legs one way, then the other, while stinging, searing waves of desperation racked her bladder.

She kept rattling the door handle and banging on the door. This was her last and only hope. As a crescendo of desperate pain mounted, higher than before, she grabbed her crotch with her free hand as well and just shouted, trying to get someone’s attention. Someone, anyone!

She could hear Brian coming closer, calling after her. She went back to banging on the door, but she knew that no one would come before Brian arrived and saw her in such a humiliating display of needing a toilet. And that would be if someone came. But any hope inside her had its support swept out from under it by the dark despair of understanding, and she felt herself giving up.

Her bladder quivered, then tensed one final time, and then it was over. A hot jet of urine shot out into her underwear, instantly warming her crotch and spreading out under her hand. The spurt only lasted about two seconds, but now that her urine had tasted freedom, it wanted more. The leak was immediately followed by another, and then another. Angelica’s legs were shaking as she felt herself losing control, and her hand was now warm and wet. She kept banging on the door, not knowing what else to do. But then she gasped as her bladder finally had its way. After so long of waiting and holding back, she finally lost the battle.

She bent over, using her free hand to support herself against the door, as she lost all control and wet her pants. She could feel the wetness spread out around her hand in the front and across her butt in the back before venturing down her bent legs. As her pee reached the midpoint of her thighs, it broke off in streams that trickled and sprayed her calves and spattered on the porch. A stream also arced out directly from her crotch between her fingers, showering and splattering the porch and making a puddle grow around her feet.

Brian was almost at the porch. It was possible he couldn’t see she was wetting herself in the low light. In a last-ditch effort to retain her dignity, Angelica grabbed herself with both hands and clenched as hard as she could to try to cut off the flow. It tapered a little bit, but that was all. She tried again and succeeded, but then it came back in bursts. Only after a third attempt, squeezing with every muscle she had, was she able to stop peeing.

During this time, her urine had shot out through her fingers and sprinkled all over the front door and even gotten the ends of her sleeves wet. Incredulous that she had actually succeeded in regaining control, she stood there, shaking, for a moment before realizing that Brian was now at the porch, and she didn’t want him to see her holding herself like a little girl with peed pants. With no good options, she quickly hobbled over to the canvas bench and sat on it, leaning forwards, trying to keep from losing any more liquid. Her pants and underwear were already beginning to feel cold.

Brian stepped up and stopped. Angelica could barely see his silhouette now against the starlit sky. He seemed confused at first, then called out tentatively, “Angelica?” He evidently couldn’t see her in the dark.

Angelica didn’t want to answer, but against her will, a high-pitched groan came out. She could see Brian turn his head toward her and take a step. “There you are. Are you okay?” But then a splip as she heard him step in her puddle and stop.

Angelica was shaking uncontrollably and her teeth chattering mercilessly now—from the cold, from adrenaline, from embarrassment, and from horrible fear that Brian was about to realize what she had done. As she shivered violently, more terrified than she could remember being, her control again gave way.

She let out a whimper as her panties rewarmed with urine. Since she was now sitting, she could feel the warmth travel down to her butt before pooling under her against the canvas. Now that the channels were open again, her willpower gave way entirely and her bladder tensed, turning her stream into a powerful hissing jet. She nearly passed out from how strongly she was peeing, combined with the blissful relief of the pain melting away in her abdomen. She was sure Brian would be able to hear the sharp hiss of her urination, but then the canvas fully saturated and began to dribble her pee onto the porch from underneath her bottom.

As more and more pee pumped out of her, the dribble turned into a loud, splattering waterfall of humiliation and poor choices. She covered her face with her hands as the cacophony of splashing and spattering resounded clearly for Brian to hear. Her pee finally dribbled to a stop, but then she felt her bladder once more contract, and urine once again jetted out, spraying the inside of her underwear, and then pooling all around her butt before draining out to puddle loudly on the porch. Some even traveled up to the edge of the canvas before spilling over, soaking her calves and socks. She sat there, in defeat and embarrassment, until the flow finally ended, leaving only the dripping of the canvas. She was trembling with humiliation, and her jaw kept shaking as her wet pants now felt very cold and clammy against her skin. All in all, she had peed for probably over a minute.

She could hear Brian step in front of her, and then the rustling of cloth. “Here.” He said, and then Angelica could feel him putting his jacket over her shoulders.

~*~*~*~*~

Lily was still facing away from the rest of the wagon, hand in her groin. The girls were still laughing and goading her, trying to see the damage from her momentary loss of control. Lily, on the other hand, was trying very hard not to lose any more.

Sam wouldn’t quit. “Come on, Lils, it’s funny. Just show us!” Lily’s hand and private parts were feeling cold now from the wetness, and she couldn’t let that make her pee any more. She rubbed her legs together and bent down and up again and said, “Stop it, Sam! It’s not funny.”

“I’d show everyone if it happened to me. It’s freaking hilarious.”

“No it’s not. Stop trying to get me to show you. I’m not going to.”

Sam gave a sigh of annoyance. Then she started again, “Wait a second. Do you still really have to go?”

“Shut up, Sam!”

“Oh my gosh, you do! You’re actually about to pee your pants!”

“I am not!”

Sam began a mocking chant. “Lily’s gonna pee her pants! Lily’s gonna pee her pants! Lily’s gonna pee her pants!”

Lily had to double over and raise up one leg to stay in control. Her urine felt cheered on by Sam and wanted liberation. But at that moment, possibly because of how loud the girls were getting, Uncle Pete seemed to realize what was happening and called back, “Sam, you and the girls quit teasing her, right now. Got it?”

The girls were respectful enough to recognize when they were being justly scolded and broke off teasing, mumbling apologies. Lily was grateful for this seemingly divine intervention, though she still had to stay bent over to remain in control. But maybe now that the girls had laid off, she would be able to make it.

Unfortunately for her, though, even though the girls felt Uncle Pete’s authority enough to obey him, the same could not be said for the two boys. They had joined in laughing with the rest of the girls at Lily’s plight, and now, in the quiet, they acted. Lily was doubled over, facing out of the wagon, meaning her rear was jutting out for all to see. For the boys, at their stage of puberty, a girl’s butt occupied the most fascinating intersection of what is funny or gross with what is hot, and it was like an electromagnet for their attention. They were still snickering and pointing, and then one had an idea and whispered it to the other.

Poor Lily’s rear end made the perfect target for two streams of cold water from the boys’ water guns. She gave a loud gasp as they hit, giving a sudden frigid shock to her backside. She unbent violently, grabbing her butt with both hands. Whether the boys meant it or not, the shock of cold combined with the break in her concentration to form a perfect storm of pee desperation.

Lily gasped again as she realized that she was now peeing full force into her pants. As she continued to try to hold herself from behind, it only had the effect of forcing all her pee forward, making a wide wet stain spread out hungrily from her crotch, expanding the existing borders of her wet spot all across the front of her pants. She stood there, twitching and gasping, as the warm wetness made its way down her thighs. She still had one hand in her crotch between her butt cheeks, and now used the other one to try to hold herself from the front. It was to no avail. Hot pee continued to force itself through her fingers, now spreading out under her butt and down the backs of her thighs. By now, the boys and the girls saw clearly what was happening, and despite Uncle Pete’s warning, burst out in laughter again, with some of the girls also giving moans of disgust as they saw how badly Lily was wetting herself.

The flow ebbed somewhat, but then the embarrassment at her predicament washed over her and made her bladder once more tense up. She groaned and bent forward suddenly, the hand in her backside now moving to the rail of the wagon for stability. More laughter and a fresh grossed-out moan emanated from the girls as a new jet of pee sprayed into her underwear, causing a stream to arc out directly from her protruding rear and spray out over the hay. Cassandra and Sam even had to take a step back to keep from getting wet. As the wagon continued bouncing over the uneven ground, her butt jostled back and forth, hosing down the hayride with its pee stream like a lawn sprinkler.

The flow of urine finally died down to its last few trickles, spurting weakly into her sodden panties. Lily put a hand over her mouth in shock and sank down to sit on the hay, feeling the pee squish over her bottom as she did so. The wagon rumbled to a stop. They had arrived.

~Aftermath~

After Angelica was able to collect herself, Brian convinced her to come with him to try to find the main road. She winced as she stood up and her pee poured down her legs and into her shoes. It was slow going at first, because of how uncomfortably wet and squishy her jeans and especially her socks and shoes were, and she shivered with cold and had to hug Brian’s jacket tighter around her, while trying not to get it wet at all. She was still mortified at what had happened and just wanted to be alone.

When walking around to the side of the farmhouse, they found a dirt road that led out into the trees again. Following this, they found that very shortly after it entered the woods and turned to the right, it reached the main highway. Angelica nearly shed tears of relief that they were no longer lost. Brian pulled out his phone again, found that he now had a bar of signal, and looked up where they were relative to the farm. As it turned out, it was only about a quarter-mile walk, and there was enough light from the moon to help them find their way.

Angelica kept silent, feeling embarrassed and also angry at herself for the unwise decisions that led to her wetting herself. She was somewhat surprised to find that she didn’t really feel angry at Brian, even though he was the one who had gotten them lost. At one point during their walk, with their breath showing up clearly in white puffs of moonlight in the frigid air, she could see that Brian was also shivering without his jacket. A sense of pity softened her embarrassment and anger as she realized that during the whole ordeal, he too had very likely been scared—scared and guilty. At this point, he also probably felt awkward about her peeing her pants. He could have been a major jerk about it, but instead, he was acting as much like a gentleman as he could. Angelica smiled sadly on one side of her face as she thought about how under other circumstances, things might have worked out between them.

Once they reached the farm again, Angelica knew they would have to break the ice. Standing in the field of cars, she quietly removed Brian’s jacket and held it out to him. “Thanks.” She said.

Brian slowly took it from her. “You’re sure you don’t need it?”

“I think I’m just going to stay by our car until my mom comes back.”

“Oh.” A pause. Then, “I could stay with you, if you like.”

A lump formed in Angelica’s throat. Brian was acting so sweetly towards her. If only it didn’t make things worse right now. She swallowed, then said, “No, I…I think I’d just like to be by myself right now.” She tried to sound surer than she felt.

“Okay.” Brian sounded abashed. He looked down and shuffled one foot in the gravelly dirt before speaking up again, “Look, Angelica…um…I’m really sorry about what…what happened. I, I didn’t think things would go the way they did.” When she didn’t respond, he added, “Other than everything that went wrong, I really did enjoy the time with you.”

Angelica gave a sad laugh that could just as easily have been a sob. Still looking at the ground, she finally gave back a flat “Thanks.” Then she worked up the courage to look Brian in the eyes, the first time she had since she peed herself, and said, “I did too.”

Brian looked back into her eyes and didn’t answer. For a fleeting second, a rush of excitement surged up through her as she thought he was about to kiss her. Instead, he cleared his throat and said, “Um, so, I guess I’ll see you around?”

Angelica gave another crestfallen chuckle. “Yeah. Yeah, see you around.”

Brian gave a kind of grimly awkward closed-mouthed smile and a half-hearted wave. Angelica reciprocated the wave as he turned and walked away. Once alone, she sighed, then remembered that she still didn’t know if anyone had been trying to reach her, and pulled out her phone. It had reception again, but thankfully there was only one text, from Jackie, which simply read, “yo girl where u at?” Angelica didn’t really want to answer, and she didn’t want to tell her mom what happened just yet, still feeling too sheepish. She decided to wait a little while longer, maybe until her mom was ready to leave. They had planned to leave at eight, and it was now nearly seven forty-five.

Angelica waited, leaning against the back door of their hatchback. She had to hug herself tightly to keep warm, and the cold was also making her bladder sensitive as it steadily refilled. She shuffled her feet and debated just calling her mom and asking to leave now.

As the occasional person or group of people entered the parking area to head home, Angelica always delicately repositioned herself to make sure they couldn’t see her. She didn’t want anyone else, even a stranger, to see that she had had an accident. Hearing a new group of people walking up, she began to do the same, until she peeked around the car and saw who they were. It was Mrs. Wells and Lily. Mrs. Wells was talking softly, and Lily wasn’t saying anything in return. As they came out from between the cars, they stopped, and Angelica could see that Lily also had wet her pants, almost as badly as she herself had, from the looks of it. Mrs. Wells said something to Lily, with her hand on her shoulder, then walked away. Lily sat down on the rear fender of her car and shivered, sighing out clouds of mist.

Seeing Lily before, when the fear of an accident was still present, had seemed like a nightmare, or like a threat. But now that they both had apparently peed themselves, Lily’s presence seemed almost like a kind of grace. Angelica didn’t know if it was just a form of misery loving company, but it seemed to have the same kind of sensation as that of being afraid of a ghost but then realizing that you really do wish you could see your dead grandma again. Now that the worst had passed, it was better to be able to share it.

She watched as Lily continued to shiver and then wiped her eyes and nose. Was she crying? Angelica hadn’t been able to tell, but it looked like it. It surprised her. Wasn’t Lily more used to peeing her pants, due to her sympathetic spastic bladder? Angelica hadn’t cried when she wet herself in front of Brian, and that seemed like the worst kind of way to have an accident. Could it be that Lily felt the same embarrassment afresh every time she lost bladder control? Could it be that it was actually made worse by the fact that she knew it wasn’t a fluke or a freak accident, but rather an ongoing condition?

Could it be that she just needed a friend who knew what it felt like?

Even though her refilling bladder was starting to become uncomfortable, Angelica slipped out from behind her car and walked over to Lily. Lily was looking the other direction and didn’t notice Angelica until she sat down next to her on the Wellses’ car fender. She turned around sharply, startled, then looked with a shocked expression at Angelica. She quickly wiped a hand across her eyes and nose before her gaze shifted down to Angelica’s pants. Her eyes grew wider, then she raised her head back up to face Angelica again.

“Hey, Lily.” Angelica’s voice was quiet. Lily didn’t say anything, so Angelica tried again. “How’ve you been?”

Lily looked down at Angelica’s pants again. At last she spoke, in voice barely above a whisper, “You—you peed your pants too.”

Angelica gave a little laugh and also looked down. “Yep. I guess we both did, huh.”

Lily’s face scrunched up slightly, as though she were about to cry. Instead, she just blew a frustrated sigh out of her mouth, forming a billowing puff of white condensation.

Angelica put her arm around Lily. “Hey, it’s okay. It could happen to anyone, right? It happened to me when we first met, didn’t it? It’s no big deal.” She wasn’t sure if she actually meant what she said or not, considering how awful her embarrassment had felt. But it was easier to be strong about it when it was for someone else, and in a strange way, her words also began to feel truer to her own self.

Lily looked at the ground. “After last year, I—I didn’t think you’d ever want to talk to me again.” She looked up at Angelica. “That happens to me. A lot. People—people act all weird around me after they see…this.” She looked down at her wet pants.

Angelica shifted uncomfortably in her seat. Her bladder was refilling quicker than it had before, probably from being worn out and overly stretched earlier. She tried to think of how to respond without sounding either insensitive or trite. Eventually she decided to just be honest. “Well, I think I probably felt the same way. I didn’t want to have to try again at friendship because I knew all we’d be thinking about was when we both had…an accident.” She stumbled slightly on the end of her sentence, since as she said it, she felt her sphincter relaxing and pee about to come out, and she had to actively clench to hold it back. “But…maybe this is a way for us to try again, now.” She faced Lily with a smile on one side of her face.

Lily looked back at Angelica and gave a tentative smile in return. “Yeah, that sounds good.” Angelica wondered if anyone had ever actively wanted to be her friend before. She gave Lily a squeeze with the arm around her shoulder and herself a squeeze with her thighs. She would have to go and find a toilet after all—her need was just getting worse and worse. She looked around at the parked cars and asked, “Where’s your mom?”

Lily stood and turned back in the direction that her mom had gone and pointed. “She went to get some paper towels to cover my seat with.” Angelica also stood, her bladder suddenly contracting and sending pain through her abdomen down into her legs. She had to quickly lean over and grab herself with her hands before she could regain control. Once she did, she immediately stood up straight and stopped holding herself, not wanting Lily to see. In the distance, in the direction Lily had pointed, she could see Mrs. Wells walking up with a roll of paper towels in her left hand.

Lily noticed Angelica’s fidgeting out of the corner of her eye and looked back at her with a face of concern. “Do—do you have to pee again?”

Despite the fact that they had both already peed themselves, Angelica blushed. “Uh, yeah. I, uh, I think I’d better go…find a bathroom.” She had to put her hand in her crotch again. “I’d also rather not be seen by your mom like this.” She started bouncing up and down. Her desperation was coming back so much faster than before.

Lily stared at her with her mouth open and a face of apprehension. Angelica noticed that her legs were also starting to squeeze open and closed. She remembered when they had first met, and how her accident had basically caused Lily’s. She didn’t want the same thing to happen again—and she needed to find a bathroom quickly, before it did!

She bit down on her lip and gave a quick little wave to Lily with her free hand before waddling off in the direction of the port-a-potties. Her bladder was tingling and quivering, no longer having the stamina to hold back any pee at all, it seemed. Her pants were still damp, though not soaked like they had been before, and the cold of the material as she gripped her crotch with her hand reminded her again of the feeling of losing the battle against her urine and the relief that followed. Her pants were already wet, after all…

No! She couldn’t have a defeatist attitude like that. Even if she couldn’t make it to the port-a-potties, maybe she could at least make it to the trees surrounding the field of cars and pee there. Angelica had never peed outside and felt disgusted at the idea, but it beat peeing outside but in her clothes.

As she thought about relief, though, her sphincter apparently liked the idea. With a stifled groan, she heard a pss and felt a spurt of urine leak out into her already-wet panties, warming the area around her private parts again. Unlike before, when she still had some strength left in her muscles, this time she couldn’t cut off the flow. As soon as the one leak ended, another began, and Angelica realized with chagrin that she was officially peeing her pants, again.

She staggered up to her car, hand still in crotch, knees bent inward. She could feel the pee refreshing the dampness into wetness all around her crotch and in between her legs, spreading also under her butt and across the backs of her thighs. She sighed and let go. The intermittent trickles transformed into a steady stream, instantly flooding down her legs again and pouring out in a cascade from under her butt cheeks to splatter noisily on the pebbly grass. The wetness also reached the cuff of her jeans on her right leg and poured out, wetting her tennis shoe and making a puddle in the dirt.

Angelica brushed the hair out of her eyes as she once again had an accident, unable to control herself. She let out a deep breath as she gave in, emptying her bladder of every drop. She turned her head back to where Lily was standing, several cars down.

Lily’s mom had come back and was saying something to Lily, motioning with the paper towel roll before moving to the passenger seat of their car. But Lily was staring after Angelica (who was far enough by now that Lily’s mom didn’t see her). As she gaped at Angelica, watching her clear loss of bladder control, Angelica saw Lily’s wet pants also go shiny all over the crotch once again. Lily’s pee fled its prison as she watched Angelica, unable to do anything about it. The wetness spread down both legs before spilling out of her left pants leg and creating a puddle on the ground. Her tennis shoes, which had been mostly spared in the hayride due to being buried in hay, now soaked up the contents of her bladder, becoming squishy and uncomfortable. Lily’s mom popped out again from where she had been apparently laying down a protective layer on the seat and sighed, realizing she would have to add several more layers.

Angelica blushed and mouthed an “I’m sorry” to Lily. While glad that she and Lily could start over at being friends, she hoped that these incidents would not become a defining feature of their friendship. She felt her phone buzz in her pocket and pulled it out. It was a text from her mom, reading, “Where are you? Time to go.” She leaned back against her car, staring absentmindedly as Lily delicately maneuvered herself into her own, and wondered what she would say to her mom once she came.

