Angelica and Lily - The Complete Saga

Author: AlphaCentauri

*003*2023-03-27 10:35

Chapter 3 - Haunted House

Specific tags: fear induced accident, bedwetting, messing

Angelica tried to put a brave face on.

The truth was, she didn’t want to be here. As in, really didn’t want to be here. She would much rather be back at her home, rereading the Little House on the Prairie series for the fourth or fifth time. Growing up, her family had never been much into Halloween at all, her mom being overly cautious about poisoned candy or stranger danger. So if she had it her way, she wouldn’t even be out trick-or-treating, much less at a haunted house. It was all Lily’s idea, and although she had told her repeatedly that she wouldn’t enjoy it, Lily continued to insist that she might, and would she please just try it with her? Angelica sighed and rubbed her arms to try to warm herself up.

Ever since they had restarted their friendship the year before—albeit by bonding over peeing themselves—the two had quickly become like the sisters they had never had growing up. Angelica was definitely the more reserved of the two, usually preferring indoor activities and not liking late nights, but Lily could usually coax her out of her shell and her comfort zone. It was Lily who had persuaded her to try surfing at a nearby water park (though she failed abysmally at it), it was Lily who had gotten her into laser tag, and it had been Lily’s idea for them to dress up as period characters and crash a Civil War reenactment, secretly fueling Angelica’s love for historical fiction. Nowadays the two could barely be found without each other nearby.

Angelica was also more used to Lily’s condition now. Having what was described as a “sympathetic spastic bladder,” Lily had a much greater difficulty with bladder control than normal. Witnessing someone else need a toilet, or even being suggested the idea of needing a toilet, would create a sympathetic urge in her, sometimes even to the point of involuntary voiding. This had happened when Angelica first met her, and it had happened again—twice—when they met again. Since that time, it had occurred one or two times more, but Angelica was somewhat surprised to find that it wasn’t as common an occurrence as she had assumed beforehand—certainly not common enough for it to be what defined Lily’s identity. It was unfortunate that for so many people, all Lily was was “the girl who pees her pants.” They were missing out on friendship with someone who was really cool to know.

Thinking about that right now softened Angelica’s irritation a little, but then she remembered where they were and went right back to being mad at Lily. She brushed a strand of her brown hair out of her eyes in irritation. She could have just said no. She should have just said no. Why did she let Lily convince her that any of this could be fun at all? Where’s the enjoyment in getting scared? Although she had on jeans, a long-sleeved shirt, and a jacket over it to boot, she kept rubbing her arms up and down and couldn’t keep her teeth from chattering.

Lily, on the other hand, looked like a kid in a candy store. She was bouncing up and down with an excited grin on her face, her blonde hair bouncing back and forth in a ponytail with her. Angelica glowered at her blue shorts and T-shirt. How was she not even cold? It was Halloween night, and they could both clearly see their breath. The sky was overcast and completely black, but there were bright lights illuminating the path up to “Fright Mansion,” the haunted house considered by multiple macabrely glowing endorsements on their signs to be the most terrifying experience in the state. Great. Just what Angelica needed. She already felt fluttery in her chest from nerves, and they were still just standing in line.

Lily turned towards Angelica. “This is gonna be so much fun, just wait!” Angelica didn’t answer. She knew it was just Lily’s attempt at passing the time while they waited to enter, and any attempt at a response would probably be one of annoyance—and she didn’t want to start an argument. The truth was that it was mostly her nervousness that was turning into anger. If she could just get through this, maybe they could both have a good laugh about it and also agree to never do anything like it again. She blew out a puff of air, then said, more sharply than she meant to, “Aren’t you cold at all?”

Lily didn’t seem to notice Angelica’s moodiness. “Yeah, kinda. But mostly excited. You’ve really never done a haunted house before?” She sounded incredulous.

Angelica huffed. “No, and I didn’t want to, either. I don’t know why I went along with this.”

Lily bumped her shoulder against Angelica’s and responded good-naturedly, “Come on, it’ll be fun. Can you at least promise me you’ll try to have fun?” She gave Angelica her how-can-you-hate-this-look grin.

Angelica rolled her eyes. She was annoyed, and she wanted to stay that way. But, much as she didn’t want to admit it, she knew from past experiences of Lily getting her to try something new that it usually went better than she expected. She also knew she couldn’t stay grumpy with that goofy smile of Lily’s boring into her. Finally, as the corner of her mouth started rebelling upwards, she let out a “Fine.”

Lily gave a triumphant little cackle and rubbed her hands together. Angelica just shook her head at how seamlessly Lily had taken on the role of little sister to her. They had even arranged for Lily to sleep over at Angelica’s house that night. When they had first planned it, Angelica had thought that would mean staying up talking and laughing in their pajamas, but then Lily assumed they would go out and do something first, and since they were too old for trick-or-treating, that of course meant a haunted house. So now here they were, and Angelica just kept reminding herself that the sleepover was waiting for them on the other side of this. Her older brother Patrick was also home from college for the weekend, along with a friend of his whose name Angelica didn’t know, and they were probably just going to stay at home and play Call of Duty—so why couldn’t she and Lily just stay in, too?

The line moved forwards slightly, bringing the two girls closer to the entrance. From here, if she craned her neck, Angelica could see some of the inside of the lobby area. It looked to be dimly lit and covered with fake cobwebs, but still with a jarringly bright EXIT sign, which ruined the illusion but was doubtless a legal requirement. Her thoughts drifted as she brushed another strand of her hair out of her eyes. What kinds of laws governed haunted houses? Did you have to sign a waiver or something? Did people often get hurt? Did people ever have heart attacks in haunted houses? She thought about Fright Mansion’s website, with its black theme and red, dripping text, and how the photo gallery boasted numerous pictures of people making the most terrified faces as they had the ever-loving willies scared out of them.

She even thought, with a frown, of the section further down in the photo gallery, where those who had been so badly scared that they lost bladder control smiled sheepishly and showed off their wet spots. Some had just been small stains, undoubtedly from a minor spurt at a jump scare, but a handful—all women, now that she thought about it—had completely soaked their pants in pure terror. Those who consented to having their picture shown received a free T-shirt, which sounded like an okay tradeoff until you realized that the shirt said on it, in bold letters, “I peed my pants at Fright Mansion.” Apparently the kind of people that enjoyed getting scared would also find that more of a boast than an embarrassment.

Angelica scanned the building and its surroundings, turning first one way, then the other. Did they even have bathrooms around here? There weren’t any that she could see. That, combined with the long wait, made it almost seem as though they wanted people to pee themselves. It figured. It was the kind of thing that a haunted house lived for, probably. She silently gauged her own need for a toilet and contented herself that she was all right, for now.

Just then, though, a shrill scream from her right made her jump nearly out of her skin, followed by various shrieks in response from those around her. After her heart started again, she turned toward the source to see a Fright Mansion worker in a zombie costume, complete with decaying flesh makeup, retreating from where they had crept up unseen next to the line and gotten in a free scare before the people had even started the haunted house. The shrieks dissipated into laughs and chit-chat, both of excitement and nerves.

However, one group of people, several places behind Angelica in line, suddenly burst out into loud guffaws. She turned to see what the cause was, as did others nearby. There were too many people blocking her view, though, and she was about to face forward again when she saw a young woman, probably only a few years older than she was herself, waddle-jogging away from the line. Underneath her butt was a fresh dark wet spot. Those who saw her pointed and laughed to each other. It seemed for most people to merely spur on their eagerness for the experience.

Angelica turned back forwards, hugging herself for warmth. She noticed that Lily hadn’t seen the girl have an accident, and for a brief moment she wished that she had. Maybe if Lily saw someone pee themselves, it would make her less fired up about going through a haunted house. But Lily was still facing forwards, twisting back and forth with excitement and impatience. Angelica opened her mouth to say something to Lily, then thought better of it and closed her mouth again.

After waiting for several more minutes, they were finally inside the entrance to the haunted house. The décor here was simple, mostly low light on peeling red wallpaper and a generally decrepit atmosphere, with a worker dressed as a ghoulish butler letting people enter intermittently. It was warmer in the lobby, out of the wind, and Angelica was able to stop shivering. Her eyes wandered over the decayed look of the anteroom, while creepy organ music and assorted unsettling sound effects played over speakers in the corners. Lily nudged her arm. “Cool, right? I think you’re gonna have fun, Angie.”

Angelica was still taking in the look of the room and gave a non-committal “yeah, we’ll see.” Then she looked Lily in the eye. “Do you think they have any bathrooms here?”

Lily laughed, “Why, do you have to go?”

“No, but I thought maybe you’d want to. You know, if it gets too scary.”

Lily gave her a questioning glance. “What are you talking about? Besides, you’ll probably be more scared than me.”

Angelica ignored the last remark and felt as though the conversation had progressed organically enough that she could be direct. “You know, the people that get scared, and…you know…” She gave Lily a look that was meant for her to infer the rest.

Lily laughed again, but Angelica thought it didn’t sound as confident as before. “You mean the ones that pee their pants? Nah, I’ll be fine. I don’t think that kind of thing happens all that often, anyway.”

Angelica knew that at this point she was passively-aggressively trying to dissuade Lily from wanting to go on, and she felt a little twinge of guilt. Nevertheless, she continued, “Huh, okay. ’Cause it actually happened to a girl in line behind us.”

Lily’s smile began to fade. “What? You’re kidding, right? You saw it? What, what happened?”

“One of the people from the haunted house snuck up and scared a bunch of people in line. I saw her leaving the line afterwards.” Angelica tried to play indifference.

Lily’s face fell. “Seriously? You’re serious? You’re not joking?” Angelica shook her head and Lily swallowed. After a few moments, though, she simply pronounced, “Well, we can’t turn back now. I’m sure I’ll be fine.” With that, she resolutely faced forward again, and, as if on cue, the butler pulled back the curtain and motioned for them to enter. Angelica grumbled to herself that her plan had failed and they would be going through with this after all, while simultaneously feeling her breath quicken from apprehension. Lily apparently had steelier nerves than she had, though Angelica did notice Lily subtly rub her thighs together as they entered.

After passing through a dark and claustrophobic hallway, they came into the first room. It immediately presented itself as a standard Gothic mansion atmosphere, with very low lighting and sudden unsettling sounds coming from random corners of the room. Angelica found herself slowing her pace to a nervous shuffle and swallowing repeatedly. Her eyes darted to every dim recess, trying to anticipate where the first scare would come from.

Suddenly, she felt something grab at her leg. She gave an involuntary shriek and jumped sideways into Lily, who also yelped and then started to laugh. She had barely begun, though, when a grotesquely tall, deathly pale vampire emerged directly beside them in a terrifying instant. Both girls screamed, with Angelica feeling all her nerve endings jump on end as if she had been shocked by electricity. It didn’t help that Lily had immediately seized Angelica’s arm with a death grip and nearly climbed on top of her. As soon as they found their feet again, they bolted for the end of the room, only to be cut off by a giant bat dropping down right in front of them and screeching. They both screamed again, falling against the wall to dodge the bat, and then found they were in a hallway again.

Lily doubled over in high-pitched laughter, but Angelica was still breathing hard and trying to calm her heartrate. They were really going to go through an entire house-worth of this? She already felt like she was done, after only one room! She still couldn’t believe people did this to themselves willingly. Closing her eyes, she held one hand on her chest, trying to placate the heavy thumping. Her brain attempted to soothe itself, telling her that everything in this place was merely composed of makeup and elaborate special effects. As she repeated this to herself, she could feel Lily lean up against the wall next to her, also breathing hard. “What do you think, Angie? Having fun yet?” She gave another nervous giggle.

Angelica merely moaned in response, causing Lily to put her arm around her. “Come on, let’s keep moving.” At least the faster they went through the house, the sooner they’d be out. Angelica opened her eyes again and followed the light rope on the edges of the floor guiding them forward. Almost right away, though, she stopped short, as she saw an unmistakable fork in the hallway. “Wait…which way do we go?” Her voice was higher pitched than she meant for it to be.

“Didn’t you see it on the website? Part of what makes this place so cool is that it has different ways through it, so you never get the same experience twice.” Angelica couldn’t imagine anyone going through it more than once on purpose, and she knew that there was no way she would say yes if Lily wanted to go a second time. But then a horrible thought came to her, and she blurted out, “Wait, does that mean we can get lost in here?” Her stomach tightened at the idea.

Lily chose the left path and began leading Angelica that way. “No, I don’t think so. It’s like, you can take different ways through, but they all go forward. I think if we got turned around we’d run into other people coming through and figure it out.” Angelica’s fears subsided at hearing this, and she found that the relief made her almost eager to face the next room. They could do this. Maybe Lily was right and she would end up having fun—or at least not hating it quite as much, if she was being realistic. She did notice at the same time, though, that she was starting to feel the need for a toilet. Hopefully if Fright Mansion used up enough floor space on branching paths, any one of the individual paths through would be foreshortened.

They entered the next room, which had the look of a ransacked hospital. Fluorescent lights flickered ominously above them, and blood was smeared across the floor and walls. On the floor were several dismembered corpses, and on an examination table, a disfigured doctor was in the process of disemboweling an unfortunate victim. The two entered gingerly, glancing around at any unlit areas where they could expect someone or something to jump out at them. Suddenly, the lights blinked out for a second, and Lily gasped loudly and violently grabbed Angelica’s arm again, scaring her almost more than anything from the previous room. Angelica jumped, feeling the same shock of adrenaline surge through her body, sending prickles over all of her skin, and now also through her bladder. As the shock began to subside, she let out an irritated “Lily!” Lily merely responded with high-strung laughter as the two sidestepped their way across the room.

Except at that moment, the eviscerated body on the table lurched upwards with a soulless yell, reaching out to grab the girls with blood-soaked hands. Both girls screamed and leapt backwards, and Angelica tripped on something and fell down onto a lumpy pile, with Lily, who was still gripping her arm, following right on top. As they scrambled to get to their feet again, Angelica swung her head around and saw what they had landed on. It was a pile of corpses and body parts, each mutilated in its own grotesquely creative fashion. She screamed again and frantically tried to get her feet under her, when something even worse happened.

The pile of corpses began to move.

With an unearthly groan, the dead bodies reached for her and Lily, trying to grab hold of them, to force the girls to join in their damned state. She could feel her mind reeling, her previous attempts at rationality rapidly dissipating as she beheld the gruesome spectacle. Her brain was at a loss to explain away what she was witnessing as simply a special effect, and instead found itself utterly under the sway of raw, primal fear. This must be why Fright Mansion was rated so highly as a haunted house.

All these thoughts flew through her in a split second. In the moment, she fell backwards onto her butt, and instead of trying to get up again, found herself crawling backwards away as fast as she could. Her shoulder slammed painfully into the surgeon’s table, the jolt of pain snapping some focus back into her. She grabbed her shoulder instinctively, then spun to her left to get on her hands and knees. From there, she propelled herself upwards and forwards, toward the exit of the room.

Once in the hallway, Angelica leaned against the wall and let the fear drain out of her. Her body was jittery all over, and she had to grip herself tightly to quell the shaking. As she calmed herself down, she noticed with a start that Lily hadn’t come out of the room yet. At the same time, she noticed a strange squishy feeling in her underwear. With one hand, she apprehensively reached down and felt her crotch. Her hand felt dry, but as soon as she touched herself there, it was clear that her underwear were not dry. In the intensity of terror, she must have spurted some, and she could feel her face reddening at the realization.

Her thoughts went back to the pictures on the website and to the girl in the line. Were they just like her, thinking such a thing wouldn’t happen to them and only finding out they were wrong too late? Also, could some of those pictures have come not from a sudden total loss of control, but rather a series of continual leaks? Her own bladder was feeling tighter now, and she wished she could just empty it out. At this rate, she would run the risk of leaking more and more as they progressed.

At that moment, Lily burst into the darkened corridor and immediately collapsed onto the floor with an exaggerated sigh of relief. Angelica hurriedly looked up from her pants and pulled her hand away, not wanting Lily to see. At least there didn’t seem to be any wet spot.

Lily was laughing from the floor. “Where’d you go, Angie? You just left me in there!”

Angelica started to protest, “I thought you were right behind me!” But as Lily kept laughing, it was apparent that she wasn’t upset. Unlike Angelica, she seemed to be thoroughly enjoying this. Angelica reached her hand down to help Lily up, wondering to herself if, in a twist of fate, it would be she who would emerge from this experience wet and Lily dry. That would be different. Even though she was used to Lily’s bladder issues by now and wasn’t fazed by them, the idea of a role reversal decidedly did not appeal to her. For a fleeting moment, she wondered if that were selfish of her or not. Either way, the quicker they got through the haunted house, the better.

~*~*~*~*~

The two friends continued through the haunted house, Lily trying to pick a route that seemed less taken to her. Angelica soon realized, regrettably, that she had been wrong in thinking that multiple paths meant a notably shorter experience. This place was apparently a lot bigger than she had given it credit, with demented scene following demented scene in a seemingly interminable fashion. By now, though, she felt more inured to the jump scares and terrifying vistas thrust upon them through differing shades of sensory overload. Not that she stopped screaming or jumping. Not in the slightest—especially not with Lily by her. Half the time Angelica felt as though she were more frightened by Lily’s screams and jumps than by what she was screaming and jumping at.

She did, however, manage to keep from leaking any more, at least noticeably. It helped that she was now much more aware of the state of her bladder and focused on staying in control. Unfortunately, this was only in part due to vigilance. It was also because as they progressed, her need to pee kept increasing gradually. She was not in a hurry to broadcast that information, however.

Looking over at Lily, Angelica wondered if she was in a similar situation. She did seem nervous and…bouncy…but that could easily be chalked up to jitters or excitement from being in a haunted house. Neither of them had had a lot to drink, so Lily probably didn’t have to go very much. Then why did she herself need to go as badly as she did? Could nerves make your kidneys overproduce?

As they exited the most recent area (a nightmarish and oppressive industrial complex straight out of a slasher flick or Alien film), Angelica rubbed her thighs up and down. Surely they were nearing the end, but the longer it took, the more urgent the signals from her bladder became. If she could only know how much further relief would be, it would help. But this waiting…especially when every room was an exercise in mental—and vesical—fortitude.

This corridor had a bend at the end, and a dim red light could be seen from around the corner. Upon turning, it revealed itself as an EXIT sign above a steel fire door labeled “EMERGENCY EXIT” in large letters, though with numerous additions of fine print below. For a brief moment, Angelica considered just plowing through the door and admitting how much she had to pee. Come what may, at least that way she’d get the whole experience behind her. But she quickly dismissed the thought. No. She was in control, and she could stay in control. She breathed deeply. No matter what kinds of monstrous entities awaited them in whatever hellish setting the next room held, she would not lose her grip on her bladder.

When they entered the next room, however, the sudden change in tone caused both girls to start up short. Rather than any of the macabre, shocking, or gruesome settings they had been faced with up to this point, this room had nothing in it but a full-length mirror at the far end with a single recessed bulb glowing warmly over it. There wasn’t even an exit from the room that was visible. The emptiness and quiet lent the whole atmosphere a sense of eerie suspense. Both girls could feel it. Every other setting had set them on edge, waiting for something to jump out.

But this one—it was so startlingly different in its feel that Angelica could feel the hair on the back of her neck stand up. It was less of an adrenaline-fueled sudden fright and more of a profound existential dread. Her bladder also began tightening again, and she had to shuffle her thighs back and forth to maintain control. Her panties were feeling uncomfortably cool against her skin from leaking before, but she didn’t want Lily to know about that. Looking over at her, she saw that Lily too seemed abnormally fidgety.

Angelica leaned over to Lily and whispered to her. Somehow, this room made her afraid to raise her voice. “We passed that emergency exit in the hallway. Let’s just go back there and leave.” She hoped that Lily too would be sufficiently creeped out—and need the bathroom enough—that she would agree.

Lily didn’t respond. Instead, as if in a trance, she began moving forwards, gaze fixed on the mirror. Angelica watched as Lily was drawn, in eerily slow stride, towards her reflection. She could feel her breath quickening in suspense but couldn’t make her feet move. She merely stood there watching, powerless to intervene at all.

Time seemed to slow down as Lily neared the glass. Her eyes never left those of her reflection’s, which was deathly pale with a cold sweat breaking on the brow. She entered the glow of the light and finally came to a stop, still staring at herself in silence, the only sound being her frightened and shaky breathing. Angelica, on the other hand, had seemingly forgotten to breathe. Both girls waited in absolute dread, and Angelica found she had to grab her crotch with her hand as her nerves shot needles through her bladder.

After what seemed like an eternity, the bulb above the mirror flickered, causing Lily to jump. Then, so suddenly as to leave her unable to react, but still clear enough to tell what was happening, there appeared behind her reflection in the mirror a dark and ghastly apparition. It was directly behind her, its vacuous face visible over her shoulder. Before she could even turn around or jump back, in one swift motion it raised its arm to her reflection’s throat and slashed it open with a long knife. Her reflection threw its head back as blood sprayed out, coating the glass.

The scene was so sudden, so shocking, and so horrifying, that Lily, unlike the short shrieks of previous rooms, let out a legitimate scream. Her hands shot to her throat as she stumbled back, momentarily convinced that what she had just seen was somehow real. She reeled backwards and fell down, still screaming and alternately moving her hands to cover her face, her chest, and then her throat again. Angelica couldn’t clearly see what Lily had seen in the mirror, and so when Lily had such an extreme reaction, she too screamed and jumped. The suddenness caused another jet of urine to spurt out into her underwear, rewarming the area around her crotch before she could get it under control again.

Lily now sat crumpled on the floor, her screams having subsided into terrified sobs. Angelica had never seen her so genuinely scared before and ran over to her to see if she was okay. She put her hand on Lily’s shoulder as Lily continued to bawl, her hands covering her face. She was shaking violently all over, and as Angelica knelt down to console her, she heard a new sound.

A hissing noise could be heard above Lily’s crying in the quiet of the room. Angelica looked down at Lily’s pants, and immediately knew what the noise was. A wet spot had formed at Lily’s crotch and was now spreading out slowly across her thighs, turning her shorts a darker blue. The hissing was now accompanied by dribbling as the urine spread to the floor and began making a puddle. Lily was peeing her pants in sheer terror, unable to control herself. The wetness spread down over her right thigh and pooled out from there, with a separate pool emanating from her butt as her pee continued to flow through the saturated cloth and trickle out with a spatter into the puddle. Angelica found she had to stand again as the liquid spread to her knee in order to keep from getting her pants wet, too.

The flow subsided fairly quickly, and Lily wiped her hand across her eyes and nose, sniffling, to clean up her face. Her other hand she was now using to hold her crotch self-consciously. Her face was red and her tears had morphed into little embarrassed hiccups. Angelica was standing next to her, her hand still on Lily’s shoulder, who was looking down at the floor. Angelica swallowed and stayed silent, not entirely sure what to say. She was sure Lily felt pretty abashed right now after her bravado earlier. Especially if she hadn’t realized how badly she apparently had had to pee. Unfortunately, just staying there wasn't helping either of them, and the fact that she was standing in a puddle of urine certainly wasn't helping Angelica's own bladder at all. Glancing at her own crotch, she saw that her second leak had left a small, one-inch wet spot. She shifted awkwardly on her feet and clenched her thighs together as she felt a tingling sensation go through her abdomen.

Eventually she broke the silence, still in a whisper, “Lily, we should probably keep going. Someone else might come and find us like this.” She didn't add what she was thinking, which was that the sooner they got out, the sooner they could find a real toilet, one that wasn't their pants.

Lily gave out a despondent sigh and swallowed the sob that was threatening in her throat. “I peed my pants, Angie.”

Angelica wanted to be able to comfort Lily, but the fullness of her bladder was wearing down some of her patience. She nearly answered, “Yeah, and I’m about to!” Instead, she merely offered a half-hearted, “It’s okay, Lil. Look, it happens to lots of people, I’m sure.” She had to keep rubbing her legs together, as she was starting to feel tension work its way down into her thighs.

Lily looked up, though not at Angelica, her face still flushed. “I know, but…I thought…I thought I had it under control. Like, I really did. And then…I—I peed my pants.” The last part came out more plaintively as she looked down again at her puddle and the tears began to flow again.

Angelica crouched down next to her, briefly having to grab her crotch as she did so. Once her head was next to Lily’s, she noticed that Lily’s legs were still tightly squeezed shut and her hand firmly gripping her crotch. Could it be that she still had to go? Angelica could feel a kind of panic besetting her as she looked around the room, trying to ascertain if there were some way that would lead directly out, especially one that wouldn’t involve any human interaction. She remembered the emergency exit they had passed in the corridor. It would mean moving backwards, which ran the risk of running into other people.

On the other hand, though, moving forward ran the same risk, almost certainly. Licking her lips nervously, she decided it was their best option. “Come on, Lil. Let’s go back to the exit we passed. We can find our way back to the car and just head home. I can sneak you into the house without anyone seeing.” She turned her head back towards the entrance to the room. Now that she was thinking more about being seen, she felt increasingly on edge, as if it meant that someone was right on the cusp of stumbling upon the two of them like this: one with peed shorts and the other not too far from the same. She felt an irrational sense of urgency to get out, which meshed all too well with her completely natural urgency.

Lily hesitated for a moment, then nodded silently. As Angelica stood to help her up, her bladder tensed up, with prickles going all through her abdomen and thighs. She gasped quietly and clenched to stay in control. Lily moved more slowly, awkwardly shifting her weight to get a foot underneath her. As she planted it with a splish in her puddle and moved upright, the pee in her pants trickled down the backs of her legs uncomfortably, wetting the fabric and draining out from under the cuffs of her shorts and splattering down on the floor and into her socks, causing her to shut her eyes and let out a moan. Angelica could see the wetness spread all across her right thigh and down the right leg of her shorts, but mainly in a massive stain across her butt. She shifted one leg over the other and swallowed. She was going to have to find a place to get relief, and pretty fast.

Once Lily was standing, Angelica quickly whispered, “Let’s go,” and grabbed her hand. The two of them stole back into the corridor, trying to be as careful and quiet as possible so as to avoid anyone who might be moving toward them. They could hear the distant sounds of the shrieks and cries of visitors over the cackles and screams of the haunted house employees, and it was difficult to distinguish between what was far away and what was possibly getting closer. Once in darkness again, Angelica made no attempt to hide her desperation and crossed and uncrossed her legs, all while bobbing up and down. Lily seemed much more in control by comparison, but she still had her hand wedged firmly between her legs.

The exit was only about twenty feet back the way they came, but once they reached it, Angelica stopped short. Since it was an emergency exit—though she was feeling more and more like this really was an emergency, albeit of an entirely different kind—would it set off a fire alarm or something? That would ruin any subtlety she had dared hope for. Her eyes darted nervously over the thick metal doors, scanning for any label or warning about an alarm. There were a large number of various legal labels in very small print, which were nearly impossible to read in the dim red light of the EXIT sign over the door. Angelica resorted to pulling out her phone for light, though she still had to bend closely to the door, rubbing her thighs up and down as she did so.

This, unfortunately, was not lost on Lily. In a cracking voice, she croaked out, “Do you need to go too, Angie?”

Angelica knew that the more attention she drew to it, the worse it would be for both of them. In as steady a voice as she could muster, she answered curtly, “I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.” Hopefully that would turn out to be true. But out of the corner of her eye she could see Lily’s hand grip harder as her legs squeezed tighter shut.

Just then, there was a new outburst of shrieks from the haunted house, and it was clear that these ones were undeniably very close. Both girls jumped and cried out, and Lily briefly shoved her other hand into her groin as well. The sound they heard could only mean one thing: the arrival of a group of people was imminent. The shrieks had by now died away and turned into loud laughs and conversation, drawing nearer, just around the corner.

Angelica had been trying to be thorough when checking the door for any warnings, but since she had found none so far, in a panic she now threw caution to the wind and forcefully barged through it, yanking Lily along by her arm with a yelp as she did so. The door’s strong hinges caused it to slam loudly behind them, no doubt extremely obviously to the people coming down the corridor, but at least they hadn’t been seen. Angelica blew out a sigh of temporary relief, her breath now creating a cloud of mist in the cold air, only now noticing that her breathing had subconsciously quickened with apprehension.

She brushed her hair out of her eyes and tried to assess where they were. The emergency exit clearly could not have been used much, as they now found themselves in a seemingly deserted alleyway lined with trash bags and litter and only dimly lit with a small bulb or two attached to the walls on either side. The alley ran between two otherwise featureless brick buildings for what looked like a city block. Angelica guessed that one direction would lead to nearby the entrance to Fright Mansion, though it was hard to tell which way. Well, either one would have to bring them back to civilization eventually, and the sooner, the better. She rubbed her arms up and down with the cold, rubbing her thighs together as she did so, and said, “Come on. Let’s try to find our way back.”

Lily didn’t move. Although she had seemed impervious to the cold before, she was now trembling like a leaf in the wind. She was still holding herself with both hands, and Angelica realized that her wet shorts must now be very cold indeed. She gently put an arm around Lily to try to lead her along.

Lily began making mincing steps down the alley. Angelica tried to pull harder, just enough for Lily to walk a little faster, but it didn’t seem to have any effect. She could feel annoyance rising up inside her, bolstered by her swollen bladder. Can we go any faster, please? Some of us still have to use the bathroom! She cleared her throat and said, as calmly as she could, “Let’s try to get there quickly.”

She was surprised as these words caused Lily to do the opposite and instead stop short. A spike of frustration shot through Angelica, combined with one of urgency in her bladder. She turned, having to quickly cross her legs as she did so, and asked, “What’s wrong, Lil? Let’s go!”

Lily’s face was turned down, but Angelica could see tears welling up in her eyes again. Her teeth were chattering as she managed, “I…I still have to go, Angie.” She started squeezing her thighs together and bending and unbending her legs.

Seeing this did not help Angelica. As the dry one, it was up to her to be strong. She quickly retorted, “Me too. Let’s hurry up and find a bathroom.” She swiveled back toward the end of the alleyway when she suddenly gasped and jumped.

Three men were now standing in their path.

All three were tall and imposing, wearing dark jackets and jeans. Where had they come from? They must have been sitting or standing in the shadows until now. Why were they in the alleyway? Were they drug dealers? Angelica could feel her heartrate rising.

Once they saw that Angelica had seen them, a dark smile came over the face of the one in the middle. He began walking menacingly toward the two girls, and the other two followed suit. Angelica backed away for two or three steps, then seized Lily’s arm and turned to bolt in the other direction. Almost as soon as she had, she stopped up short with a little scream as she now saw three more men coming towards them on that end. They were surrounded. Maybe they could make a break for the emergency exit? But no, it was the kind of door that couldn’t be opened from the outside—and besides, by now the men had already passed it and stood between it and the two girls.

Angelica backed Lily up against the wall and instinctively stood in front of her. The men in turn filled in the space across from them to form a semicircle of leering smiles and dark gazes. They stood there, staring down at the two terrified friends, and waited. Other than making an occasional threatening chuckle, none of them spoke.

Angelica felt her heart beating faster and faster and her breathing doing likewise. Her throat felt like it was constricting as she turned her head rapidly every which way, trying to spot an opening between the men, a way out, anything. She could feel her body breaking out in a cold sweat and her bladder began tightening against her will. As if on cue, she heard a whimper from behind her, followed by a loud trickling and splashing as Lily, overcome with fright again, released the rest of the contents of her bladder unwillingly into her shorts.

Angelica didn’t dare shift her gaze from their would-be attackers, but imagined that Lily’s puddle was probably spreading out to her own shoes. Shooting pains like shocks of electricity pulsed through her lower abdomen, and her panic increased as she thought that she was not very far off from joining Lily. An adrenaline-fueled bubble of pure fear began swelling up inside her as a scream built in her throat. All her hair was now standing on end, and she felt sure that if she didn’t scream, she would probably puke.

For the first time, as if he could read her mind, the presumed leader of this sick group spoke. With a sadistic smile on his face, he merely stated in a menacingly cool voice, “Go ahead. Scream. It’s Halloween—who’s going to pay any attention?”

As quickly as it had built, the scream died away in Angelica’s throat. Awful realization settled upon her with a shudder that went from her head slowly, dreadfully, all the way down to her feet. He was right. No one would save them. A sense of desperate self-preservation pierced to the surface of Angelica’s mind and a scream tried to come anyway; but she found herself frozen with fear and unable to work her vocal cords. The only sound that came out was a feeble rasping croak. She was powerless to do anything to stop whatever was about to happen.

The worst terror she had ever experienced in her life washed over her and settled into every nerve of Angelica’s being. She could feel all the color drain out of her face and tears start to spill out of her eyes as her lower lip trembled and let a whimper slip out. She was shaking all over, but was rooted to the spot in fear, numbness taking over her body. As she continued to shed hot, scared tears, she noticed that she could no longer feel any pain in her bladder. At the same time, she began to be vaguely aware of a faint burning sensation in her crotch.

As the sensation gradually pierced the fog of her mind, she began to also be aware of two other things. The first was a distant noise like pouring water. The second was that the man smiling evilly in front of her was no longer looking her in the eye, but rather down at her legs.

Despite her fear, Angelica instinctively followed his gaze down to her legs as well. Her breath caught in a gasp as she saw a large wet patch around her crotch and down her thighs, spreading down to her inner right calf and pooling from the cuff of her jeans onto the concrete. There was already a sizeable puddle from Lily’s accident spreading to her shoe, but now she was adding copiously to it. The wetness around her crotch was dark and shiny as Angelica continued to pee helplessly in pure terror. Staring down at herself as she continued to have an accident in her pants, Angelica tried in vain to clench off the flow and regain control. It was no use. Fear had taken control of her body, and she could do nothing to stop it.

Her bladder kept draining out its contents of its own accord for nearly twenty seconds. Angelica could see the wetness spread down her left leg as well and could feel it saturate the fabric in the back of her jeans widely underneath her butt. As it poured down her thighs, her urine broke off into multiple streams as well, spraying out from her legs and directly from her crotch, spattering noisily in the puddle and over her tennis shoes. She was still unable to move, but simply watched herself go to the bathroom on herself, gasping.

Then, the completely unexpected happened. The men watching her started laughing. Not the sadistic, malevolent laugh of a predator inflicting suffering on a victim, but the goofy, immature laugh of a group of dudebros making fart jokes. As Angelica looked up, wide-eyed and apprehensive, she could see the men all guffawing, pointing, and high-fiving each other. For a moment, she thought she must be going crazy. Was any of this really happening? But then, all at the same time, as if they had practiced it, each of the six men unzipped their jackets and opened them up, revealing underneath them the Fright Mansion staff T-shirt.

As the understanding dawned on Angelica that this whole thing had been a massive prank, she could feel her thoughts and feelings tumbling over and over inside her, unable to sort themselves out. Fear was dissipating into relief, but relief was soured by embarrassment, which made her fear stop turning into relief and instead turn into anger, which then created disbelief, which only made her embarrassment worse and made her just want to cry. The look on her face must have conveyed this hodgepodge of emotions fairly clearly, as the men took one look at her face and burst out laughing afresh before turning and swaggering down the alleyway, still snickering and slapping each other on the back. One shouted over his shoulder, “Happy Halloween!” which evoked a whole new gale of cackles from the rest of them, and then they were gone.

Angelica stood there, stunned. The whole thing was just a practical joke? They had made her undergo the single most traumatic experience of her life…for a laugh? Outrage surged up inside her, making her face flush and tears well up in her eyes again. There was no way that could be legal! Surely they could call the police, or sue, or something? As her temper flared to a fever pitch, though, she had to swallow back the bile rising in her throat as her anger found itself immediately thwarted by a crucial point.

What would they say?

As she thought back, she realized that the men had never touched either of them, or even made a move to. They hadn’t even said anything threatening. They had merely stood around them and looked frightening. Probably if she had bolted with Lily, they would have just let them pass by.

The more Angelica tried to figure out how she could make them pay, the more helpless she felt, recognizing that she had no grounds for legal action. The men could merely say they were in the alleyway at the same time as the girls and that they didn’t do anything to them—and they would be right. Moreover, there were more of them, and they could corroborate their story better. Even Fright Mansion could simply claim that the whole point of a haunted house is to scare people. These men probably just saw an opportunity to mess with anyone coming out of the emergency exit, even though it was an incredibly, incredibly tasteless prank. As she felt increasingly helpless, it only made her angrier, especially since it meant that all it took for her to pee herself in terror was a group of guys to stand there and look at her—and they all saw it.

Anger mixed with embarrassment and helplessness inside her, making her gut roil with emotions. Her adrenaline was abating, and she felt sweaty, shaky all over, and very, very cold. Her intestines were still doing flip-flops inside her, and she felt like she was going to be sick. She tried to take a step, but her legs were too wobbly and she instead ended up falling against the brick wall.

Lily’s voice could be heard behind her, sounding small. “Are you okay, Angie?” She felt Lily’s hand reach out and touch her shoulder. But she was still on the verge of vomiting, and her skin was crawling, so the sudden touch made her shudder and shake it off. Nausea churned in her stomach, and she suddenly found herself releasing her remaining urine into her pants, rewarming her panties. Then her insides clenched, and she violently doubled over, retching. She dry heaved once, then twice, and on the third time, her bowels seized up and forced a log of poop out between her butt cheeks, smushing inside her soaked panties and bulging her pants out in the seat before squelching out across her rear end.

Angelica’s mouth opened wide in a stunned O. She kept breathing in and out, in and out, slowly regaining control of her body. With tentative apprehension, she touched her hands to the back of her pants to assess the damage. Unfortunately, as she did so, she did a half turn, inadvertently pointing her bottom in Lily’s direction. No sooner had Lily seen the massive brown bulge on Angelica’s pants than she gave a little gasp, then clutched her own stomach. Her eyes suddenly went wide and both hands flew to her own butt, and she squeaked out, “Oh no…not again…”

The next thing Angelica heard was Lily letting out a wet fart, and then a nauseating squishing sound. Slowly, with a mixture of embarrassment and disgust, she turned her head and looked over her shoulder incredulously at Lily, whose face was twitching, almost as if she were about to laugh. But then Lily tensed up and groaned, and another wet squelch came out as she too lost control and crapped herself, her soaked blue shorts sagging under the weight of her load.

Angelica faced forward again and squared her shoulders. They should have just stayed home.

~Aftermath~

Since both girls’ underwear were now not only wet but also full of poop, the going was slow back to Angelica’s car. They had to waddle uncomfortably along, since every movement squished the poop around unpleasantly, spreading out over their butt cheeks and up between them in both directions. Moreover, the wet material of their pants was beginning to chafe.

Angelica’s plan to sneak Lily into the house was complicated by the fact that now both of them had had accidents. Originally she had thought she could go in first, make sure the coast was clear, and then hurriedly rush Lily in also. She would have been able to lock herself in the bathroom and clean up, while Angelica would have made sure her dirty clothes were surreptitiously spirited away. But now—now they would have to improvise.

As they reached the car, the first question was how they would sit in it with such thoroughly soiled clothes. Thankfully, Angelica had parked far enough away from Fright Mansion that there were neither many people passing by nor much light, so they had some breathing room while doing so. Unfortunately, it was Angelica’s parents’ car, not her own, and they kept it impressively free of clutter. After looking in the trunk and the back seat, the best she could find was a single plastic bag. After some arguing, it was agreed upon that Angelica would sit on the plastic bag, since she had to drive, and Lily would kneel on the floor on the passenger side. As long as they didn’t get pulled over or get into an accident (heh), Lily would be fine. At first, she tried to protest, but when Angelica pointed out that at least she wouldn’t have to sit in her mess, she relented.

The drive home was uneventful, with minimal conversation. Despite the cold, they had to keep the windows down to let the smell out. Angelica tried to maintain a lighter exterior in their chatting, as it seemed to help both of them feel better. Inside, however, her mind was still fixed on what had happened. She inwardly resolved, first of all, to make sure to get both her and Lily some pepper spray. Let’s see those troglodytes laugh while choking on that! On the other hand, as angry as she was, she also realized that it could have been much, much worse, if the men had actually meant them harm. Glancing over at Lily, she realized with a grim realism that as they both grew older and more exposed to the real world, Lily’s happy-go-lucky, carefree nature would only make her more vulnerable to evil people. The two of them would have to cast off their naïveté and be prepared for the bad and ugly side of life.

Once home, both girls delicately maneuvered themselves out of the car, and Angelica picked up the plastic bag with the tips of her fingers and slid it inside the garbage bin, down the side where it wouldn’t be seen by anyone taking out the trash. The house was still lit up, and they paused for a moment to decide their plan. Angelica didn’t want to be caught with peed and soiled pants, remembering her mom’s reaction the previous year when she had found Angelica waiting by the car at the harvest festival with drenched jeans, socks, shoes, and underwear. Though she had tried to be understanding about it, the look on her mom’s face had been incredibly embarrassing for Angelica, and one she did not wish to see again.

Eventually it was decided that if they slipped in quickly through the side door and ran, they could make it up the stairs before Angelica’s parents, who were most likely in the living room, could come out to see them. Then they could hide out in Angelica’s room until the coast was clear to go to the bathroom and clean up. Since Patrick and his friend would be on the same floor, they would have to avoid being seen by them as well.

Hearts beating quickly, on the count of three the girls executed their plan of action. It went exactly as predicted: Angelica’s mom heard them come in and started to venture out from the living room but was not in time to catch them before they had dashed up the stairs and locked themselves in Angelica’s room. During the run, Lily found she had had to cup her butt with her hands to keep any poop from falling out due to the jostling. Once there, they ventured one at a time into the bathroom to shower and change into pajamas, wrapping their soiled clothing in plastic bags and discreetly smuggling it out of the bathroom. Both girls tacitly agreed that there would be no saving the clothes, and they would simply have to quietly deposit them in the garbage where they wouldn’t be found. For now, the shameful packages were stowed in the back corner of Angelica’s closet.

The girls bedded down, neither one feeling much energy for conversation. Angelica let Lily have her bed, while she unrolled a sleeping bag on the floor. Worn out from their earlier ordeal, they quickly slipped into deep slumber.

In the middle of the night, however, Angelica was woken with a start by an unsettling sound. It was similar to a yell, but it didn’t sound entirely human. As she sat bolt upright in her sleeping bag, taking a few moments to recollect where she was, she listened, trying to figure out what had caused the noise.

She could hear Lily moving about in the bed. Had she been woken up too? But then a new sound filled her ears, similar to the one that had woken her up. It was coming from Lily. Angelica pulled open the sleeping bag and clambered over to the bed where Lily lay. Lily was thrashing about in her sleep and moaning, letting out louder wails at times. That was what made the sound so odd—it was like a cry of terror, but not awake.

Concerned, Angelica seized Lily by the shoulders and shook, loudly whispering “Lily! Wake up!” She looked at the digital clock face on the nightstand and read “1:13.” Down the hallway, she could hear the muffled sounds of Patrick and his friend still laughing and loudly talking as they played their video game. She shook harder as Lily continued to writhe about, and then suddenly Lily’s eyes flew open and she stared directly at Angelica, fear plastered on her face. A moment later she flung her arms around Angelica and buried her face in her pajama shirt, breathing heavily.

“Oh, Angie, I had a nightmare. It was awful, Angie.” She sounded almost on the verge of tears.

“It’s okay. It’s okay. It was just a dream. You’re awake now. It’s okay.” Angelica tried to calm Lily down as she hugged her tight, feeling how damp her pajama shirt was with sweat. “Was it…about what happened tonight?”

Lily shook her head and pulled away. Her voice was still shaky. “No, but it was here. We were here in this room, but there was—there was something in the hall closet. I knew it was there, but you, you wouldn’t listen. It was some kind of…horrible, horrible…something. I don’t know. Some kind of a demon or something. You wouldn’t listen, and I kept trying to tell you ‘No! Don’t open the closet!’ But you just kept going to open it, and…” Lily shuddered. “I can’t even describe it. I was just so scared, though. I think in my dream, I was so scared that I started…peeing my pants…”

As she said it, her face went red and she trailed off, looking down at herself. With a sudden suspicion of the worst, Angelica reached over to the nightstand to turn on the lamp, then threw back the covers of the bed. There, between Lily’s legs, was a twelve-inch wet patch. It reached from around her crotch down the middle of her thighs and filled in the space between them in an oval-shaped stain on the sheets—Angelica’s sheets. Angelica’s mouth fell open, half out of astonishment and half to protest, when she noticed something else. Right at her crotch, Lily’s pajama pants were not only dark with urine, but still shiny. In addition, the sheets right under her crotch not only were wet, but also had a puddle in them. A puddle which was growing.

Lily was still peeing.

Angelica let out an upset “Oh, Lil!” which started with a sympathetic tone but ended frustrated. Wasn’t one accident enough for one night? But now, to be wetting her bed? Still wetting her bed?

Lily looked up, face red with shame. “I’m sorry! I’m sorry!” she kept saying, but she seemed unable to stop peeing her pants—and Angelica’s sheets. She wedged both hands in her crotch, the material letting out a squelch as she did so, but her urine merely sprayed through her fingers. The puddle grew another inch or so in diameter before the flow tapered off.

Angelica blew her hair out of her eyes and put her hands on her hips in annoyance. Of all the issues with incontinence that Lily had, now bedwetting had to be included as well? Also, seeing Lily’s pajama pants totally sopping with pee made Angelica all the more aware of the fact that her bladder too had filled up in the night. She bounced back and forth from foot to foot, knowing that she should go use the bathroom before going back to sleep. For now, though, they had to take care of this mess. “I’ll go get a new sheet and a towel. We can put the towel over the wet spot on the mattress and the sheet over it. You should probably change out of your pajamas, Lil. You can wear a pair of my underwear.” Angelica realized she was using her no-nonsense tone again, one that often came out post-accident. She turned to get the linens from the hall closet.

Lily cried out in a small voice, “No! No, Angie, not the closet.” Her voice sounded high-pitched, almost a whine.

Angelica stopped and faced Lily again, irritated at the interruption. She rubbed her thighs together. “What’s wrong, Lily? I told you, I need to change the sheet on the bed.” And then go pee!

In the light from the beside lamp, Angelica could see Lily’s face. Her expression was no longer one of embarrassment, but rather of terror. Realization dawned on Angelica, and she looked again at the hall closet as she remembered Lily’s description of her nightmare and of the unspeakable horror that lay therein. Turning back towards Lily, she spoke again, in a softer voice. “It’s okay. I just need to get the towel and sheets. There’s nothing in the closet. It’s okay.” When Lily’s facial expression remained the same, she added, “Here, I’ll show you.”

Angelica took the last step to the closet and faced Lily with a compassionate smile as she used her right hand to pull open the door. Once it was all the way open, she turned back towards the closet to get what she needed, her eyes adjusting to the dark. As they did so, she suddenly gave a gasp and jumped back, feeling a spurt of pee jet into her panties as she did so.

There was something in the closet.

Eyes wide and pupils dilated, Angelica stood still a moment with bated breath before tentatively reaching in to investigate. Whatever it was, in the dark it had looked vaguely like the form of a person standing in the back against the wall. Angelica’s hand stretched out slowly to find out what it was, and in the process, bumped against the shelf on the inside wall of the closet. As it did so, it knocked down a box of clothespins, which fell to the floor with a jarring crash. Angelica yelped again, looking down at the source of the sound. As she looked up again, she saw in a split second something that made adrenaline shoot through her body.

The thing was rushing towards her.

With a scream, Angelica fell backwards onto her butt on the floor. Now that it had lunged forwards and stood there, towering over her, the dark figure could be seen by the light of the lamp in the room. Angelica stared up at the horrifying sight and kept screaming.

It was a man, but with a hideously scarred face. The skin that clung to his emaciated cheekbones was ashen and sickly-looking. The mouth was too wide to be normal, and looked as if it had been sliced open like a nightmarish Cheshire cat. One eye dangled from its socket by viscera, and blood seeped out of the gaping hole. To top it off, the jaw was open wider than humanly possible, fixed in a noiseless feral howl.

Angelica screamed and screamed, sitting on the floor, back up against the wall. Lily also shrieked at Angelica’s reaction, covering her face with the bedspread and releasing her remaining urine into the mattress. Angelica sat there, screaming yet unable to move as this monster stared down at her, and realized that she too had lost bladder control in her fright.

Right away, Angelica felt her panties grow hot and moist from her pee. As her bladder clenched up in fear, she found that her body was not only releasing its urine, but actively expelling it. Her pee sprayed forcefully into her underwear, rapidly saturating her pajama bottoms. Gravity was causing the liquid to pool underneath her rear end, but as her bladder tightened, the pressure of her pee caused it to actually spray upwards in an arc from her crotch. It splattered over her thighs and the carpet, and she could feel her butt growing uncomfortably warm as a puddle spread out around it. Angelica’s body forced her to void her bladder of every drop in pure terror. She had stopped screaming, but couldn’t stop wetting herself until she was empty. By the time she was done, her thighs were wet down to her knees from her pee stream, and there was a sizeable puddle around her bottom, darkening the carpet.

As the grip of fear loosened on Angelica and clarity began to return to her brain, she realized that the awful being leering over her was not moving at all. Moreover, a closer look at the features revealed that the whole thing was nothing more than a life-sized Halloween decoration, albeit a very detailed one. As this fact dawned on her, she noticed something else—a chorus of loud laughter coming down the hall from Patrick’s room. Turning her head that direction, she saw Patrick and his friend coming out into the hall, guffawing loudly. Angelica’s jaw dropped as she figured out what had happened—Patrick had put the zombie mannequin in the closet to scare whoever opened the door, and by bumping the shelf, Angelica had accidentally caused the dummy to fall towards her. Even now, it was only staying up by leaning against the doorjamb.

Patrick pointed at his sister and gave a gleeful “Gotcha, Ange! Haha, that was great! That was seriously the best reaction. Ah, wow, I wish I could’ve gotten a picture of that.” As he spoke, Angelica self-consciously moved her hands to cover her groin, instinctively trying to hide the evidence of her accident from her older brother. This was the second time in twenty-four hours that a practical joke had made her wet herself.

Patrick watched her, the light in his eyes changing for a moment to confusion as he tried to decipher what she was doing. Then the look on his face lit up, and Angelica knew it had clicked in his brain. He began laughing again, this time so hard that he no longer made any sound and his face turned cherry red. His friend stood there, trying to ask him what was so funny, but Patrick was laughing too hard to answer. Instead, he motioned weakly towards Angelica with one hand, his other hand gripping his stomach as he doubled over in a raucous fit of hilarity with tears streaming down his face. Angelica could feel her face reddening, and she punched Patrick in the thigh from where she was sitting. It only had the effect of causing him to stagger backward slightly.

As the heat of embarrassment crawled up her neck—combining with the warmth of her urine around her bottom—she knew the only thing left that she could do was to try to get to her feet quickly and retreat to her room. To her dismay, as she did so, her left foot landed with an unpleasant squish in the rapidly cooling puddle she had left in the carpet, causing her to wince. To make matters worse, as she turned away, her soaking wet butt faced in the direction of Patrick and his friend. The material was clearly drenched in a large round stain across her entire rear end, clinging to her skin and accentuating her panty line. Seeing this, Patrick laughed even harder, throwing his head back and putting a hand over his eyes, and his friend realized what had happened and joined in with Patrick.

Angelica stepped briskly into her room and slammed the door behind her wet behind, not looking back. She knew that all the noise had undoubtedly attracted the attention of her parents, and that her mom was surely coming to investigate now. She hung her head as she realized that she would once again have to be faced with her mother’s look of disappointment and astonishment upon finding her daughter with peed pants again. At least this time she could blame someone for it.

