Yui's accidental chronicles

Author: I love tomboys

*000*2022-09-03 04:29

These two stories is made by an Ai generator called "Deepstory" but I edited some stuff. Hope you enjoy

[SEXUAL WARNING]

______

Yui wakes up from his sleep and starts to shuffle due to his desperate need for the toilet. He gets up and groggily walks to the bathroom door and and tried to open it but couldn't. "Come on" he begged while grabbing his crotch with one hand "i'm so desperate to pee, i'm going to wet myself" he says, while trying to open the door. "Must be jammed" he grunted and then freezes when he urines starts to leak. Yui blushes profusely, grabs his stained crotch with his other hand to control his uretha. Piss begins to spread across his crotch and down his legs, staining his jeans and forming a puddle underneath him. Yui shivers. He felt so relieved and turned on by it, him looking down at his penis just to see it was erect.

He unzips his wet jeans, looking down at his pee soaked member. His pee stained crotch is a mess of the same yellow colored urine as the rest of his jeans. Yui realised he also need to shit, so he zips his pants back up and starts to shit, wanting to know what it feels like. The fecal matter starts to exit his anus and Yui's pants starts to fill up with a nasty fecal.

He screams in pleasure. His pants unzip and Yui grabs his pants from behind, as the mixture of fecal matter and urine drips from his pants. Yui stops holding the pants, his stomach is empty, and stares at his boner. He grabs his dick and starts to jerk it frantically. It is also pee stained. Yui begins to moan and moan sexually as he ejaculates.

______

Yui is stuck in traffic, sitting in his car, in the dark evening. He has to pee urgently. He turns on music to distract his desperation. Even though it turns him on, he doesn't want to make a mess in his car. While driving, he sees a sign that points to a rest stop. He drives in and enters the public bathroom, just to see it was all full. As the restroom becomes less packed, He starts to piss himself a little, making a tennis ball patch on his pants. Yui runs into one of the empty stall and tried to take his belt off. He couldn't hold it anymore and starts to pee in his pants, while grunting. He sighs with relief, taking his pants and briefs off, looking at at the stains. He sniffs the dirty pants and starts masturnating furiously. He wanted to shit himself too, so he puts his back on and stands up, and starts to fart loudly.

Suddenly, the lights inside the bathroom flicker on and off, Yui is horrified. "Is someone there? Do they know I'm here, masturbating? Or is it a ghost!?" he mentally asked, trying to stop himself from having another accident just in case someone else knew he was here. It was hopeless though as he starts shitting himself out of fear with loud crackling and grunting sounds. He touches the sagging seat of his pants, unzipped and resumes his furious masturbation, not caring if someone else was in the room anymore, and cumming all over the floor.

He opens the door and saw it was just faulty lights. Then a question popped into his brain. How is he gonna get back to the car with anyone seeing his accident. Yui decided to just book it and ran into his car and drove back home.

______

That's all for now, but I hoped you enjoyed it. Please leave some feedback and please share. I'll definitely make more

