S.T.O.R.M. Force (MCU Fanfic) - Page 2

Author: Noot

*027*2021-04-11 03:43

“You think this is it?”

“This is it,” Carol said, “I’m sure of it. Makes too much sense not to be”.

“What makes you say that?” Pepper asked, finally letting her helmet retract into the neck of her suit. She looked a far cry from the woman who had run Stark Industries for a time; her eyes were puffy and red, like she’d barely slept in days- which was true.

“Well, for one thing, it’s pretty much the only damn room in this place that hasn’t been searched,” Carol pointed out, “and for another… just look at it”.

Even Pepper had to admit that Carol had a point on that one. The door was built with what appeared to be fine mahogany, a far cry from the dull metals that made up most of the others in these ancient ironworks. Proudly displayed on a golden plaque embedded into the wood were a few words. Neither of them had the linguistic skills to decipher it, but they both agreed that it probably said that this was the manager’s office. Carol’s instinct had been to charge in and take him down right away. Only with some convincing from Pepper had she relented and agreed to wait for the rest of the team.

“I’ve sent the others our location,” Pepper said, “they should be here any minute now”.

###

Jennifer knew she was getting closer. The signal Pepper had sent to her radio couldn't have come from more than a few dozen feet away. She pushed through another heavy iron door, quite ignoring the salient fact that it was locked. It led her to another empty room, filled with cold, unused machinery in lieu of humans.

She-Hulk's bowels gurgled again and she didn't hesitate to force out another wet, heavy fart. It rasped out between her cheeks and left her tight hole feeling moist, but her belly satisfied. She wasn't looking forward to what would happen when she eventually reverted to human form. There was no chance little Jennifer would be able to hold the same volume of poop that the monster could. The only option was to find somewhere to take a dump before she changed. Maybe there was a human-sized toilet around here somewhere she could ruin...

___

Kate heard Carol and Pepper before she saw them, talking openly about some door. That meant one of two things: either they were idiots, or the coast was clear. They sounded like they weren't far, either, just around the corner from where Kate was approaching. Before she rounded the bend, she halted. Her bladder felt at least half-full, and still hadn't been for a shit in days. And here, right here, was a quiet corner where she could relieve herself in peace, all without anyone knowing...

Almost as soon as it had arrived, Kate pushed the thought away. She couldn't start going to the bathroom on the floor. Well, that wasn't entirely accurate. Kate had no problems using the floor as a bathroom, nor had she ever hesitated to do so before when the urge hit her. The problem was the risk of being caught by her new team. And that was unlikely to go down well.

___

Shuri kept her eyes peeled for a woman's bathroom, but to no avail. She passed men's bathrooms, two of them in fact, but nowhere a lady could go and get some relief. In other circumstances, if things were a little more desperate, she would surely consider ducking into one of those. But she was still more than a little ashamed after peeing backstage during the battle in New York, and she didn't want to do anything to further the idea she was quickly gaining in her own head that she still had the bladder of a little girl.

Whatever was wrong, Shuri could only hope that it wouldn't take long to resolve. The sooner they found a clean women's bathroom, the happier- and drier- she would be.

___

True to character, Kamala was the last to arrive. She slipped through a half-open door to find her five teammates already waiting, gathered around a heavy wooden door with a golden plaque. Her bowels still gurgled on; her quest to find a potty before meeting with them had proven fruitless.

"This the right door?" she asked, trying not to let on that she had to go number two.

"Pretty sure," Carol said, "we were just waiting for everyone before we went in".

"Then let's go," Shuri encouraged, "if the bastard is in there, we'll overpower him".

Nobody had any arguments with this, and it was Pepper who stepped up to do the honours. Her metal-coated hand clasped around the brass doorknob, squeezing tightly, and she turned. It flung open easily- unlocked, and Kamala couldn't pretend she wasn't at least a little surprised. In the comic books, things were rarely this easy. But it only took a few seconds of a glance around to realise that she had spoken too soon.

The office was totally empty. This was where the boss worked, alright, but that was where their intel had stopped being accurate. There was little doubt that they had the right room, judging by the expensive-looking computer on the desk, the moose's head mounted to the wall and the sink in one corner. But there wasn't a living soul in there with them, nor was there anywhere someone could possibly be hiding.

Instead there was a note; just a piece of paper left in front of the keyboard. Kamala must have seen it first because she stepped towards it before anyone else, belly still grumbling irritably. It had just one word, scrawled on it in messy handwriting.

Poof.

___

Episode Four

“I still don’t see why we have to walk, like, fifty miles to get to this guy’s house,” Kamala grumbled, stepping over the trunk of a fallen tree, “what’s wrong with driving up to the front door?”

“We are,” Kate reminded her, “or, at least, Pepper and Carol are. We’re here as backup”.

“And there’s a good chance the place has been booby trapped,” Shuri pointed out. The three of them had only been trekking through the forest for ten minutes, but it had felt like far longer. Their job was to follow the GPS data S.H.I.E.L.D. had sent them until they reached the backyard of the mansion belonging to the factory manager. Pepper’s logic was that if he wasn’t at work, he would probably be there- and even if he wasn’t home, they would be sure to find something useful. She’d taken Carol by car towards the front of the house and She-Hulk was approaching from the west. The idea was simple: even if he heard them coming, there would be nowhere he could escape to.

Kamala threw her stick, watching it wistfully until it landed some twenty feet in front of them. Her arm snaked out, ten times its usual length, and picked up the branch to toss it again. She’d been at it ever since they’d started walking. It was like watching a dog play fetch with herself.

“Anyway,” Kate said, trying not to let Kamala’s superhuman fiddling distract her, “we should be almost there. I’m pretty sure it’s that fence“. She pointed towards a row of dark wooden panels in the distance.

“We’re going to have a job getting through those bushes without being seen or heard,” Shuri said. She was nervously eyeing up the ten-foot hedge that bordered the garden. They looked plenty thick, with the mansion looming in the background.

Kate rested her bow against the trunk of a nearby oak tree. “Speaking of bushes, watch my back for a second,” she said, “I gotta take a leak before we do this thing”.

___

“So, do you think she’ll be in there?”

It was the first time either woman had spoken since they’d dropped Jennifer off half a mile back and pulled onto the country road. The car- lent by S.H.I.E.L.D. to help the six heroes look as inconspicuous as possible while still all fitting in one vehicle- had been tense throughout the drive. Finding the office empty had seriously thrown a curveball their way, and Pepper still seemed to be recovering. It was a bleak Sokovian day, seeming to be on the edge of raining almost permanently. Miss Potts took a long time to respond.

“No,” she sighed, sounding depressed, “I don’t think she will. I never expect anything to be that easy anymore”.

“You might be surprised,” Carol said. She wasn’t used to being the one tasked with lightening the mood, and it showed.

Pepper flicked the indicator down to turn left. “Carol, I’d love nothing more than for my daughter to be sitting in that building unharmed right now,” she said, “but I’m not getting my hopes up, you know? We know this guy is close to Hammer. That’s all. We don’t even know his real name”.

“Even if she’s not, there’s gotta be something we can use in there”.

“That’s what Fury thinks, too,” Pepper said.

“I trust his judgement,” Carol said, “don’t you?”

Pepper blinked. “I have to trust him,” she said, “if I don’t, my chances of getting Morgan back go from fair to non-existent”.

Carol didn’t know what to say to this. Being comforting, keeping the faith- these weren’t her strong suits. She could take down a warship in a matter of seconds, but worried mothers were slightly more tricky. And she needed to poop, although she wasn’t about to disclose that fact to Pepper. It was a growing feeling of discomfort in her gut that had shown no sign of letting up for several hours. With any luck, the house would be empty, the search swift and she could use the bathroom before they escaped. If things were any more complicated than that, Carol knew that things could get much worse before they got better for her bowels.

___

Jennifer was in real trouble, and she knew it. She'd found the mansion with no trouble at all- at her size, a half-kilometre walk wasn't exactly taxing- and, as predicted, there had been no locals in the forest to spot her. She'd reached her assigned position way ahead of schedule, found a good place to stay out of sight, and waited for Pepper to get in touch to tell her that it was time to move in. The problem, then, wasn't the mission.

The problem was her bowels. They were painfully full, volatile and incredibly gassy, and the situation was getting worse by the minute. It had taken a minor miracle not to stink the car out, and after a drive spent clenching her cheeks painfully closed, she'd practically erupted into monster farts the second she stepped away from the vehicle. That flow of gas had pushed the heavy load inside of her even closer to the exit. Even if she stayed as She-Hulk, she knew she couldn't hold it in much longer. If, as was a very real possibility, she turned back into Jennifer... well, that wouldn't be pretty. She-Hulk-sized turds were decidedly thicker than her petit human anus could usually allow.

She knew it was now or never. Any second now, the signal would come from Pepper to get her ass in gear, and then there'd be no time to waste. Speaking of waste...

Jennifer made up her mind there and then. She squatted, lowered her waistband and, with a glance around to check for people, let go. She barely had to push- just relieving some of the intensity with which she was trying to hold back did enough. Her asshole flexed and a monster log crowned, slipping out quickly and hitting the leaves below with a crunch. The feeling of relief was almost orgasmic, but there was plenty more where that came from.

Jennifer let out a moan- and she was interrupted by a familiar voice in her earpiece, not Pepper but Carol.

"Okay, it's time," Carol said, "move in, everyone".

Jennifer swore under her breath. She glanced down to see the enormous, steaming brown log between her legs. It was comfortably thrice the size of a usual human poop, and no more than a quarter of what she was holding inside her. The rest would have to wait. She stood and, pulling her pants back up, painfully forced her hole closed. The second log was knocking at the door, and it took a great deal of will to keep it inside.

She held up a thick, green finger to her ear, hoping the pain wasn't evident in her voice.

"On my way," she said, "I'll see you in there".

___

Shuri took the lead, able to move faster and more gracefully than her colleagues. She pulled out in front of Kamala, picking up into a run, and Kate, who was still refastening her hastily pulled-up pants. The archer had been just about to let rip before Carol’s signal, and had yanked her jeans back into place, cursing her luck. Shuri, used to running ahead of the pack, had no trouble reaching the fence first. There was no keeping count of how many times she had watched her late brother, T'Challa, charging into battle like this, and through him she had learned the true secret.

He had taught her that it did not truly matter whether she was fast, agile or physically strong. Such attributes were useful in combat, of course, but leadership was something else entirely. By the time that their father died, he had been growing into an old man, heavier and slower than ever before- and yet he had never lost the respect of his people. Almost all of the army King T'Chaka commanded remained fiercely loyal to him until the end. T'Challa had explained to Shuri more than once that the true path to becoming the Black Panther was confidence. If he or she who wore the mask ran towards danger with the belief that they were certain to come out alive at the other end, people would follow them into anything. And for that reason, Shuri didn't even need to look back as she sprinted to know that Kate and Kamala were on her trail.

The fence came at her before she knew it, and Shuri vaulted it smartly, landing softly on her feet. The landing was plenty graceful, save for one minor detail: as she hit the leaves below with a crunch, the bend in her knees contracted her bowels lightly and a soft fart slipped out. It rumbled and vibrated against the ass of her suit, but Shuri ignored it. It was just the latest in a line of several signs that she needed to use the bathroom soon. Clearly, there was no time for that here or now, so she put the thought at the back of her mind like Kate had done.It felt safe to assume that neither of the other women had heard the muffled noise.

Just as they were landing behind her, Shuri was making a pathway through the hedge ahead. The Princess was sincerely aware that she was at something of an automatic advantage. After years of practice using this suit to fight against all sorts of evils, wearing it was second nature to her. Kate, on the other hand, had to run and climb with a bow and heavy quiver strapped to her back, while Kamala- when she was in her regular, unstretched form- often looked as though she'd never run before in her life, with the awkward and gangly way her legs moved. Even with bowels full of poop that wouldn't wait around for long, Shuri was easily the fastest.

They soon emerged into a garden that looked very much like the one they'd seen on Fury's satellite images. It was a huge open space, grand enough to match the massive mansion that now towered over them just thirty or so metres away. An extravagant pond took up one corner, presumably brimming with expensive Koi. And there was an outhouse. They didn't have many of those back in Wakanda, but Shuri recognised it immediately. It was only a small wooden shack, and yet she knew that inside was a toilet, commonplace in Sokovia. Her colon begged her to nip in and empty it into the hole. There was no time for that, so she ignored it. The outhouse had to be ancient anyway: there was just no chance that a house so expensive didn't have at least two indoor bathrooms. The younger, less focused side of Shuri hoped she could just take a dump in one of those instead.

Checking that the other two women were right behind her, Shuri crouched low and started to approach the house. She understood better than anyone the importance of being prepared for any scenario. Carol had told them that they were entering the house on the assumption that nobody was home. Shuri didn't like to make assumptions. For all she knew, someone was in there waiting to try and kill them, and she wasn't ready to make it easy for them.

___

No matter how many times she went through the same bizarre process, Jennifer Walters never got used to the effect it had on her digestive system. In her life as a regular human, she’d always been small and mousy, and big poops were a rarity. She could probably have counted on her fingers the number of times she’d done anything large enough to be hard to flush, and those were only ever as a result of food poisoning or holding for too long. She-Hulk was different. When she was green, her entire internal anatomy seemed to twist and warp to the extent that her organs were barely recognisable from their human form. That meant that she needed more food to energise herself… and that food had to come out somewhere.

And that, she reflected as she charged through the thick wooden gate that led into the target’s garden, was a tricky situation for a girl who was too heavy to sit on most toilets. Usually, if nature called while she was in this form, options were limited to either finding a place to squat outside or holding it until she could shrink back to her regular size. But that posed problems of its own, not least because her human bowels were simply far too small to hold a Hulk-sized dump. And at that moment in time, a Hulk-sized dump was exactly what she needed- and badly.

The garden was enormous, and gave off the immediate impression of a homeowner with more money than they knew what to do with. Slightly overgrown bushes dotted the place and a faux river ran through the centre, crowned by an elaborate water feature that seemed to have been turned off. There were plenty of sorely tempting places where Jennifer knew she could duck down and unload, but before she had the chance to let her bowels talk her into it, she was interrupted by rustling coming from across the yard. She looked up in time to see Shuri standing there, crouched down, having emerged noiselessly from the hedges that lined the perimeter. Kamala Khan was pushing through the branches in a decidedly clumsy fashion. Bishop took up the rear, bow pulled and ready, keeping her body low to the ground. Just looking at her stance made Jennifer want to poop where she stood.

But that would hardly have been appropriate, so she clenched her huge green cheeks even tighter and started down her assigned route, barely acknowledging the other three women. Her brief had been to squeeze down a narrow alley (narrow for her, not for normal people) and try to enter through a side door they’d found on the satellite images. Carol and Pepper had been tasked with taking care of the alarm. If they’d managed it, there would be no indication that Jennifer had torn off the door, nor that Shuri was using a Wakandan lock pick to slide aside the glass back door.

Within seconds she was standing in a luxurious, empty kitchen. But straight away she knew something wasn’t right. For a start, everything was packed away. It reminded her of a house that was in-between owners. There was a dishwasher and a laundry machine and a refrigerator with an ice cube dispenser, but there was no toaster or microwave that she could see, and there were cupboards, but her instincts told her that there would be nothing behind the doors. As a lawyer, Jennifer often found herself noticing things that most people would overlook. This didn’t fall under that category. Even a child could see that this was a house that hadn’t been lived in for quite some time.

The back door had only slowed Shuri and company down by a few seconds, so by the time Jennifer had her bearings she could already hear their voices from somewhere that sounded no more than a couple of rooms away. Jennifer’s bowels grumbled angrily again. She reached behind her with a timidness uncharacteristic of a Hulk and squeezed one of her cheeks, hoping to soothe the aching desperation. It did very little to help. The urge was still a powerful one, and her hole was still stretching, desperate to keep pushing out logs.

Jennifer forced that to the back of her mind. They needed to search the house; there were all sorts of possibilities. It could be booby-trapped, it could be an ambush- there was even a small chance that Morgan could be here… and that was clearly the most important thing on her mind.

Ploughing through the heavy pain in her stomach, Jennifer moved as gracefully as possible onto the next room, ducking beneath the frame so as to not hit her head. She found herself in a long corridor, which seemed to lead towards the front of the house. Out on one side was a small bathroom, barely bigger than a closet. With the door cracked open, she saw a toilet and sink, but nothing that looked temporary. She knew that her weight would crush the toilet, but there was another option- if she could find a few minutes to herself while nobody was looking.

That wouldn't be for a while, though, so Jennifer groaned and kept moving.

