S.T.O.R.M. Force (MCU Fanfic) - Page 2

Author: Noot

*033*2021-11-13 23:29

More commissioned chapters- PM me if you'd like anything for yourself!

###

They had landed in what looked, to Kate, like something out of a video game. It wasn't night yet, but the city seemed eternally grey, haunted by storm clouds ahead. Fluorescent neon coursed through the veins of Madripoor, creating an endless buzz. The last leg of the flight had not, in truth, been a pleasant one. Turbulence had rocked the plane on more than one occasion. Kate had never been much of a fan of flying, but she liked it a great deal more when her seat didn't jiggle around like a fairground ride, making her stomach turn in circles.

Pepper was the first to rise, long before the wheels had stopped turning. She had become a woman permanently in a rush- not without good reason, Kate allowed.

"Leave everything in your bags unless you absolutely need it," she told them, "Fury has set up a safe house in the city. All your luggage will be taken there for us. I'll text you all the address later today. We don't have time to waste".

They filed off the plane as quickly as the rickety metal staircase would allow, and Kate felt good to be back on solid land again. Somehow, after almost being murdered five or six times, having to climb on and off aircraft every few hours was still by far the thing Kate was hating most about the mission. Still, it would be worth a few bad nights if they found the kid. Personally Kate was starting to doubt that that moment would come, though she'd never say that aloud with Pepper- or anyone else, for that matter- in earshot.

With everyone on the runway, it was a little easier to get a proper look at their surroundings. It didn't take a genius to work out that they hadn't landed on a public airstrip; no commercial jet was slender enough to have slotted onto this field, which was so small it barely felt like more than a park.

Already men in masks were removing their bags from the plane. Kate wasn't sure if they were undercover S.H.I.E.L.D. agents or just someone working with Fury. She knew that S.H.I.E.L.D. had a presence in Madripoor, from their efforts to capture the Powerbroker, who had turned out to be the gone-rogue former agent Sharon Carter. Sometimes Kate wished she'd taken a leaf out of Sharon's book and just disappeared when the snap had happened. It might have been a whole lot easier.

Though it was hard to remember after hours sitting on a plane doing nothing, they really had no time to lose if- as Pepper feared- the girl was somewhere in the city. Carol thought it would be a good idea to split into three teams and cover ground faster, so the seven women gathered just off the runway to be assigned a goal from Pepper.

"Shuri will be with me," Pepper explained, pointing her arm towards the south of the city, "this place is teeming with criminals, including Wakandan ones. There's a group of them holed up in an apartment block a few miles south of here, and according to our source they've had dealings with Zemo. I need someone with me who speaks the language".

"Won't they recognise... you know... their queen?"

"Yeah," said Shuri with a shrug, "but who's gonna believe them? The whole country thinks I'm bedridden with the flu. That's what Okoye is telling them, anyway. I'm accounted for".

"Jennifer, Kate," the boss continued, "I need you to check out a warehouse in the east. It's been a long-term storage facility for products manufactured by...?"

"Justin Hammer?" Kate said, scratching her back lazily with one hand.

"Bingo. It's huge, so I'm hoping your bow and arrow will come in handy, and it's got walls tall enough to keep Jennifer out of public view if she has to go green. The chances of anyone here recognising most of us are slim to none. But even somewhere like this, everybody knows a Hulk when they see one. We can't have our position being given away".

That left three women without a team, and Pepper put them together. America and the two Marvels, Kate thought dryly. But as they were splitting up, Kate saw Pepper draw Carol closer for a quiet word. They didn't seem to have been told that Kate could lip read.

"...keep an eye on Chavez," Pepper was saying, "I asked Fury about her. He says she's reported to be very powerful. It may be that you're the only one who can take her down if she turns on us”.

Kate turned away before they noticed her watching. It was no secret that the women didn't trust America yet, least of all Pepper. But she didn't want to be the root of any trouble.

"What was that about?" asked Jennifer as the pair headed east, waiting for Pepper to update their phones with the exact location.

"I don't know," Kate lied, "we'll probably find out later". She felt a buzz in her pocket, drew out the modified mobile and saw a GPS signal appear. "It's three miles away, wanna jog?" she teased.

"Hell, no," Jennifer said, "we'll get a taxi. I think I can last a ten-minute cab ride without turning into a monster and exposing us".

They slipped down an alleyway and into the hustle of the city, wanting to walk far enough away from the others that they wouldn't be seen hailing a cab. Kate didn't think Pepper would be too thrilled with their lack of caution. But she was more interested in this warehouse- something told her Pepper knew more than she let on to send them somewhere so seemingly mundane. Whatever was behind those walls, she doubted it was just a bunch of dusty old machines.

___

Up close, the streets of Madripoor were just as grim and grimy as they had looked from above. Down every dark alleyway moved shadows that seemed to belong to nobody. Shops with unwashed doors and boarded-up windows lined the sidewalks, and everyone walked with the guilty air of a criminal on the way to their next victim, but without the secrecy usually characteristic of villains in a city where someone might actually try to catch them.

Jennifer heard a dozen different languages in the first ten minutes of roaming the place, some of which she even recognised. She remembered enough Spanish from school to understand a sleazy bald man who catcalled them as they passed, and thought the music that slipped through one window was in Japanese. She flipped the bald pervert the bird and let Kate drag her away just as he was looking like starting a scrap.

Their attempts to hail a cab had been totally fruitless. For one thing, they couldn't even find one. It made sense to Jennifer that a city where everyone was a crook might not have an official taxi system when she thought about it, so they settled on walking the three miles.

They had covered barely one of those when Jennifer started to really feel the weight of her bladder. What had barely been a twinge when they'd landed had quickly turned into something much more pressing. Jennifer didn't know what was up with her lately. Maybe it was the nerves or the excitement of the mission, but she'd been needing to go much more than usual the last few days. Normally she barely ever felt so needy.

"I have to use the bathroom," she told Kate as they turned down a side road, following the phone's GPS towards the industrial estate.

Kate didn't say anything for a few seconds, as if she was weighing up how to reply. Then she decided:

"Yeah, me too," Kate admitted. She kicked an empty can that was sitting on the sidewalk in front of them. Jennifer noticed that it looked, at least in shape, like a normal Coke can- but the packaging was a plain, dull silver instead of red. She wondered what might have been in the can before it was abandoned there. It clattered into a gutter and was still. "But I can hold it," added Kate after a while as if she was worried Jennifer might have thought Kate couldn't. She'd noticed that the young archer was still shy about using the bathroom, even after what they'd been through as a group.

"You want a bathroom break?"

"Nah," Jennifer said, "it's fine".

"You sure?"

Jennifer raised an eyebrow. "What's that supposed to mean?" she asked, shooting the younger woman a glance.

"Well, I know I can hold it," said Kate, "but I wasn't sure if you wanted to, y'know? Or if you just wanted to go now. We could easily find you an alley, or something".

"If you can hold it, I definitely can," Jennifer said indignantly.

Kate scoffed. "Really?" she asked, "what about at the gas station? I'm pretty sure you weren't holding it when you disappeared behind the building".

Jennifer's face burned at the memory. "That's different," she said, "that was... not pee. And anyway, the only reason you held it longer is because you were all clogged up".

"That wasn't the only reason," Kate said, though now it was her turn to blush. "I can hold it longer than any of you, that's the point".

A car pulled by quickly. Jennifer made a face. "Longer than Kamala or Shuri? Sure, but not me. No way". She wanted to laugh at Kate's sheer cheek. She knew she had a bigger bladder than this kid. She was a Hulk, after all, and she wasn't going to be defeated by a puny human with no powers.

"Especially you," Kate insisted.

What the hell, Jennifer thought, this is gonna be a long walk anyway. "Care to make it interesting?" she offered, tilting her head.

Kate laughed. "You're on," she said, "last person to use the bathroom wins".

"And is officially the better holder," Jennifer added.

"And that".

They quickly fell into a comfortable silence after that, leaving Kate to wonder if she'd made a mistake. She knew she was too stubborn to give in to Jennifer even if she really had to go, which could easily end in soaked underwear if Jennifer really did have a bigger capacity than her. That stubbornness and refusal to lose was what had made her a great archer, but there were times- like now- where it could be more of a curse than a blessing. The group would probably have to burn these clothes if they didn't want S.H.I.E.L.D. asking why some articles had been pissed and pooped in numerous times in just a few days.

Not wanting to think about that, Kate turned her attention back to the city around them. It was gross, dangerous and teeming with bad, bad people. She couldn't help thinking that she might fit in here. It made her think of Clint, before his retirement. He'd have been able to survive in a place like this, too, except he'd have hated every last second of it. He always preferred being with his family on the farm to going on missions, while Kate felt his opposite.

Another twenty minutes went by, and Kate really did have to pee badly now. She was in too much discomfort to fool herself into thinking she could wait longer than another half an hour at most, though she would never give Jennifer the satisfaction of admitting it. Walking only made it worse. Her full, bloated bladder bounced with each step, litres of pee sloshing around in there, knowing it would soon be running free between her legs whether she wanted it to or not. Kate wanted to hold herself, but she was still too embarrassed to show any sign of having to go unless she had absolutely no choice left.

Jennifer eyed Kate suspiciously. "You gotta go bad, huh?"

Kate's face burned hot and she looked away, but kept on walking. They were almost at the warehouse. "No," she lied.

"You're taking smaller steps, your thighs are glued together and you've barely said a word in a quarter of an hour. I can tell you have to pee, and I don't think you can wait much longer".

Kate hated herself for being so obvious. Her poker face was one of the things she prided herself on most; Clint had taught her never to let someone know what you were thinking with your body language or expression. If Jennifer could read her so easily, she must be losing her touch.

"Don't worry, kid," Jennifer said, "I have to pee pretty bad too". Though Kate didn't appreciate being called a kid, the news that Jennifer was struggling too made her feel a little better. "Look, the most important thing here is the mission. We could call it a draw? Pee down a side street somewhere, go check out this warehouse. What do you think?"

Kate was about to agree, but then she remembered how dead-set certain Jennifer had been that Kate couldn't hold it longer than her. She knew she had to prove her wrong, or else she'd be seen as barely more than a kid for the rest of the mission.

And there was another reason she wanted to hold it, though that was to be kept strictly secret- Kate had to poop, too, and she didn't have anything on her she could use as toilet paper. If she squatted for a leak, she was sure something murky brown would come out too.

"No chance," Kate said, "the contest still stands".

The warehouse came into view not long after- a huge, grey, hulking shape that towered over every other building for half a mile around. It was the first structure Kate had seen all day that looked big enough to be holding any of the Hammer tech she'd ever come across, so it wasn't hard to pick out which warehouse was their target. Kate was busting by the time they arrived at the foot of the building, and so was Jennifer- now that Kate was looking for the signs, she saw plenty in her companion's demeanour to suggest as much.

Both women were surprised not to see a single man around as they hopped the fence around the perimeter. Of course, no security guard was going to have much hope of stopping Jennifer once she transformed, but they had still expected some resistance from Hammer's people. Instead it was eerily quiet, and Jennifer led the way towards a totally unguarded door in the side of one long, dull wall. Kate wondered if that meant the group's arrival in the city had somehow not been detected yet. Usually the bad guys had their ways of finding this stuff out.

As much as Kate's bladder was irritating her, she needed to poop almost as badly now. She'd let out a couple of small, silent farts at the end of the walk, and if Jennifer had noticed she had opted to say nothing, for which Kate was grateful. Her bowels weren't exactly full... this was something else, something much hotter, wetter, looser.

For once, she wasn't going to need to strain to push this one out.

For once, Kate wasn't grateful for the help.

They came to a stop outside the door, where Kate unsheathed a purple-tipped arrow from the slim sheath on her back, hidden by her hoodie. This one wasn't for shooting; she stuck it in the lock and the door clicked open seconds later.

"Okay," Jennifer said, one leg crossed over the other, unwilling to cede the victory to Kate in spite of what was at stake, "last chance to pee?"

Kate would have liked nothing more than to squat right there and piss until she was empty, but she didn't want to risk messing herself, nor did she like the idea of Jennifer's claim to be better at holding going unpunished.

"No," said Kate grimly, "we're going in".

___

As much as Pepper Potts wanted to focus on the possibility that the key to finding her daughter was just through the next door, she couldn't stop thinking about how badly she had to shit.

The urge had hit her suddenly after they landed and it wasn't going to go away any time soon. Whether it was stress or diet, her bowels had been acting up big time since the mission began, and that was manifesting itself yet again as a dire urge to use the toilet. Her butt felt sore from holding in what felt like a massive load for the whole journey through Madripoor.

Shuri was having the same problem, Pepper knew, though she was too proud to admit it. The girl had gone deathly quiet and she was walking as only someone trying to clench their buttcheeks walked. They'd only known each other properly for a few days, but already Pepper knew exactly how the Queen of Wakanda looked when she was trying to hold in a dump. Well, if she's not going to say it, I will.

"You have to use the bathroom," Pepper said. It wasn't a question.

Shuri looked away. "Yes," she said simply.

Pepper could empathise with the poor woman. They were both similar in that respect- neither liked to admit when they had to go, instead trying to be proud and concentrate on the task at hand. She wanted to let Shuri go right now, but she couldn't wait outside the door any longer when she knew that some crucial information could lie on the other side of the door they were standing beside.

"Me too," Pepper said comfortingly, "we'll find somewhere to go right after we deal with these scumbags, okay?"

Shuri swallowed. "Okay," she agreed.

Pepper kicked the door down.

What waited for them on the other side was not at all what Pepper had been expecting. The room was silent as a church; everything stood still. There were the criminals they'd been promised, all right... bodies strewn around the place, on the couch, at a desk, across the floor. All of them were bleeding from somewhere. Pepper had seen dead bodies before, but nothing on this scale. The chilling sight made her bowels feel heavy and loose, and for a moment she thought she was going to mess herself in fear. She couldn't help noticing that the room did not smell. Pepper had been in rooms with long-dead bodies before, and there was always a smell.

A hand moved on the floor nearby, making Shuri jump so suddenly that Pepper thought the girl had surely had an accident. Tony Stark's widow wasted no time, flicking into action and pouncing to stamp on the man's feeble arm. He looked up at them, blood dripping from his mouth- a local, from the looks of him.

"Hammer," Pepper demanded. She had no time to be sympathetic towards the dying man. When he didn't answer, she put more of her weight on his wrist. "Where is he?"

"Warehouse..." he croaked, then something that sounded like water.

Pepper looked at him with something approaching pity. He was going to die, she realised. They could save him if they took him to a hospital right away... but all she could think about now was the warehouse. She assumed he was talking about the same place she'd sent two of her colleagues. The thought of leaving Shuri there to look after the wounded man occurred to Pepper, and yet the cold part of her brain knew she needed Shuri to watch her back.

Pepper lifted her foot off of him and whirled around, forcing herself to forget about the painful death that she was condemning this criminal to. "We're going to that warehouse," she announced, trying to ignore the fact that she was dying for a shit and would probably do it in her pants before they got there.

Shuri, to her credit, did not flinch. She followed Pepper out of the room and let the door slam shut behind them. Pepper extracted her phone from her pocket and tried to ring first Jennifer, then Kate, but got no reply.

"Sorry, Shuri," Pepper said, "we're going to have to hold it a little longer. We're going after them".

With that, she shoved her phone away and started taking the stairs down two at a time. It was sorely tempting to suit up and fly Shuri over, but she knew that would attract too much attention and put them both in danger. Instead, all Pepper could do was run... and try and ignore the way her shit was poking out of her ass, desperate to slide out and nestle in her underwear. She didn't much like the idea of fighting bad guys with a turd in her pants.

