Junior Messy High

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-08-29 05:10

Junior Messy High

A short collection of students ranging between 12 and 15 years of age having accidents sometimes at school and sometimes other places. School will start on September 4, for this Series, and the accidents reflected will be said to have been on the day they happen. For those of you unaware, Japan is almost a day ahead of America, so don’t be surprised if I say it is Saturday when I posted on your Friday. Thanks.

All students will be girls and some of them will poop her pants, so be aware that you could be in the situation where you will be reading about a girl having a worse accident than you thought. There could also be other things going on that is natural for girls, but none want to talk about or feel it is gross. Just so you are aware.

Here then is the page holder while I think of the first story:

*002*2012-08-31 02:29

Sara in Seventh Grade

First Day of School

(Yes, I'm Early this this one)

September 4, Tuesday:

It was the first day of school, and Sara was all dressed in a nice white blouse with lace down it where the buttons were, around her collar, and on the ends of her sleeves. She had on a lavender skirt that was plain, and under that, a pair of pink and white striped panties. Her eyes were shiny from having just been aroused about ten minutes ago by her mother, and she wondered what school would be like today and this year as she was finally going to junior high school.

"Sara, hurry up and eat or you'll be late for the bus," her mom called to her at six fifteen.

"How early is it getting here?" she asked her mom nervously. Her stringy dark blond hair was still a mess around her face. She could feel it as she ran her fingers over her head thinking about what she was going to do with her hair. She looked in the mirror and started to flatten down her fluffy mass for a minute so she could imagine what it might look like in different styles. Finally, she decided on a band on each side going with simple straight pig tails.

"Sara! Are you about ready for breakfast yet?"

"Yes, mom! I'm almost ready! I'm just banding my hair up for school."

She came into the kitchen, and her mom nodded at her appearance. She was still a child in her mom's eyes, but Sara felt a little different this year. She wasn't sure if it was because she was going to junior high school, because she was going to turn thirteen this year and be a teenager, or if it was because she had noticed that her chest was actually sticking out a bit the other day and she was starting to become a young lady. Whatever it was, she didn't feel like a child.

Her mom had put some oats and toast in front of her. "Eat up. I know you want to be trendy, but diets are not for junior high school girls, understand?"

Sara nodded. She did have a couple of extra pounds, and heavy hips and legs, but most of her seemed quite natural, and last year, she had noticed even in the sixth grade that a couple of boys had been looking at her.

Sara ate the oats without complaining. Whether her mom trusted her or not, she was not going to skip meals, at least not yet. She had never once thought she was really fat though she knew she didn't look like a model either. She was comfortable with who she was, and if anyone had a problem with her healthy weight, then they could go kiss grass.

Sara waited for the bus, standing alone at her stop about twenty minutes later thinking that this might not be the right place. Just as she was about to walk off and go check at home, the bus arrived.

"About ... time," she whispered to herself. "You'd think they could be on time if they are going to make me get up so dang early!"

Climbing on board, she could see she was the first one to be picked up.

(add more here a little later)

