The Great Lord continued

Author: Spurgle

*000*2016-10-03 19:17

The second part of a 3 part story (providing people want it :D

Here is the first part :)

$/33208-the-great-lord/

A deafening silence filled the hall and all eyes turned to where the voice emanated from, Adam scanned the room curiously, his sword still to the man’s throat. Adam could hear footsteps approaching, heavy strides he thought, the man was walking with purpose and authority.

The throng of people that had crowded the floor beneath the dais now parted and appearing from the crowd Adam got his first glimpse of the great Lord. A tall man, with a long black scraggly beard and a bald head, he wore simple black woollen trousers and a long grey coat, his boots however were made of leather and were embedded with jewels, they immediately caught Adam’s eye.

His Lordship stopped and stood over Adam and Jatti. He scanned the room and then looked to the dais, his eye immediately caught by Zoey and the mess she had made, he said nothing and his face betrayed no emotions except a small twitch of his nose. He looked down upon Adam and Jatti and gestured for Adam to move his sword, Adam remained still, his Lordship sniggered.

He turned again to Zoey, looked her up and down and spoke for the first time.

“My Lady, please accept my apologies, things were not meant to go this far.” He gave Zoey a slight look of sympathy and then called for some servants to take Zoey and clean her up and give her some fresh clothes. He then waited for Zoey to waddle away with the servants and then turned to the crowd and spoke again.

“No man will speak of this incident again. Any who do will be thrown in the pit” His voice was fierce and his tone demanded no arguments.

Adam still kneeled over Jatti with his sword to his throat, Jatti had not moved, not even twitched and his face displayed no emotions, Adam found this most unusual as even the bravest of men would show fear when death was but inches away, but Jatti remained calm and composed.

His Lordship once again gestured for Adam to stand and this time he obeyed, his Lordship then grabbed a cup of wine from the dais and paced towards Jatti who was still on his back.

“My dear Jatti, you are a fucking idiot. Stand up.” His Lordship demanded of Jatti.

Jatti stood.

“My Lord Adam, would you care to accompany me to my private study, we need to discuss the real reason you were sent here.”

Adam took a moment to think before responding.

“What about this piece of shit?” He gestured towards Jatti, who was stood with a broad smile on his face.

“What do you want to do with him? His Lordship enquired.

“Kill the bastard”

His Lordship laughed.

“Feel free. But know this, if you kill him, I will kill you” His Lordships stare was cutting and it made Adam wince.

“Maybe I’ll kill you both, I do quite fancy those boots” Adam retorted.

“HAHAHAHA!!! Everything I had heard about you was true I see.” His tone was exuberant and exhilarated; he was enjoying this.

“Listen. I like you Adam, I like a man with balls, that’s why you are here, but you can either walk with me as a friend, or die as my enemy. The choice is yours. Ohh and I have a gift for you, but only my friends get gifts.”

Adam considered his choices momentarily and truth be told, he didn’t really have any, his men were unarmed and vastly outnumbered, so Adam wisely decided to walk with his Lordship.

They left the main hall and made their way down a long corridor, the walls were adorned by art, displays of armour and weapons, underfoot was a long blue rug that stretched the length of the corridor. Half way down his Lordship gestured for Adam to enter a room on the left hand side, upon entering Adam noted that the room was very bare, just a simple wooden table and a couple of chairs adorned the room. Adam took a seat and the talks began.

“Now we are alone Adam, let me apologise again for what happened in the hall, and be assured that Jatti will be punished”

“Punished.” Adam spat the word.

“Yes. What happened was regrettable and I hope the lovely Lady will not dwell on the incident too much.”

Adam shrugged, he had nothing to say.

“Now. The reason you are here. How many men can you call upon?”

Adam considered the question a moment, he wanted to be accurate.

“Four thousand.”

His Lordship smiled and poured some wine into a pair of glasses.

“War is coming Adam. Men from the north are set to invade and I need every man possible to repel their bastard army. I have ten thousand altogether, some here and the rest in the surrounding area, but I need more and more importantly I need men to lead them. You fit the bill. Your men are savages, untrained, but they are loyal, brutal and fearless. Men like that will only follow men like you, you lead from the front, you lead by example and you understand them.”

Adam was taken aback.

“Why can’t you lead them?”

“One man cannot lead thirty thousand men Adam”

Adam was perplexed, just a minute ago the sum total of their combined forces was fourteen thousand.

“Thirty thousand? By my math ten thousand and four thousand comes to fourteen thousand.”

“So it does. But fourteen and sixteen thousand is thirty thousand.”

Adam looked bewildered and lost, it made his Lordship laugh.

“I’ll put you out of your misery, I have sixteen thousand men coming from across the sea.”

Adam sipped his wine and pretended not to be impressed.

“Where are they coming from? How do you know they’ll be loyal?”

His Lordship gave a sly smile.

“They are Jatti’s men. They come from the same strange land as he does, that’s why I couldn’t let you kill him, he will ensure their loyalty.”

It all became clear to Adam.

“So what are his men, mercenaries?”

“Not quite. They will demand payment of course, but primarily they are raiders as I understand it. Every summer they are summoned by their leaders and are told which lands to raid, pillage and plunder, Jatti is one of their leaders. He came here a few months ago with a small host of his own, they were raiding farms and plundering holy sites, they even attacked one of my hunting estates. After a small pursuit I trapped them and forced a battle, they fought well but lost in the end. Jatti survived and was brought to me as a prisoner, I was going to kill him, but I saw no fear in his eyes, only a ravenous hunger that was only satisfied by killing, so I made him swear fealty. A few weeks ago he sent word to his homeland that he wanted more men, he claims he can call upon sixteen thousand.”

Adam considered the number, sixteen thousand was huge and he found it unlikely that so many men would make such a perilous voyage, but he then considered Jatti himself, and came to the conclusion that if other men of his homeland were the same then that number was perhaps not quite so ludicrous. Despite this however Adam still had reservations, war with the men from the north were often long and bitter conflicts where many men would die, and Adam’s lands would likely not be affected so he had no incentive to throw his men into a war they did not need to fight.

“I must be honest, I am flattered by your proposition” Adam announced “But, I simply cannot throw my men into a war they do not need to fight, my lands are far to the south and have never been affected by previous incursions by the men from the north, so I simply do not see why I should risk the lives of my men in what they would consider a pointless war.”

His Lordship smiled, showing his yellow teeth.

“I thought you might say that, so I have an incentive for you” And with that he clapped his hands and two men entered the room carrying a coffin.

Adam looked and understood the threat immediately, or at least he thought he did.

“Open it” His Lordship ordered.

As the lid was lifted an appalling smell filled the room, a smell of piss, shit, sweat, the smell of a man who had been locked in a coffin for a long period of time.

Adam leaned from his seat completely ignoring the horrendous smell to get a glimpse of who was inside, as he saw the face, his heart and soul filled with anger. There in front of his eyes was the man who had murdered his parents.

“Ridley” Adam spat the name.

Ridley had once been a loyal friend of Adam’s until one faithful night they had a fundamental disagreement about a woman and in a drunken rage, Ridley murdered Adam’s parents in cold blood. Ridley then fled and as it turned out, was captured by his Lordship.

“I thought you might remember him” His Lordship remarked.

“Where did you find it?”

“He was found in a tavern in a village not far from here, he was drunk and starting fights, when he killed a guard, a rider from the village came to the castle and requested assistance, I sent a group of men to kill him, when they found him however one of my men recognised him and was curious as to why he was not in your service, he decided not to kill him and instead brought him to the castle and under interrogation he confessed what he had done. I decided he could be of use, and so it has proved. He has been in that coffin for maybe a week now, there are air holes so he can breathe and we throw in bread every now and then and force him to drink water. He is no use to us dead, but I figured you might quite like the honour yourself”

Adam just stared at Ridley and contemplated his next move.

“So let me see if I have got this right. If I agree to leas men in your war to repel the men from the north, Ridley is mine to do as I wish?”

“Indeed.”

“And if I refuse, what happens to it?”

His Lordship smiled again.

“Who knows. Perhaps I’ll release him.”

Adam bristled with rage, he was trapped, he couldn’t refuse now, he could not bear to see Ridley walk free.

“Okay. I’ll lead your men, but I want to do what I want with it.”

“Indeed. And what might that be?”

“You mentioned a pit? What is that?”

His Lordship showed that awful sadistic smile again.

“It’s a pit, full of snakes.”

Adam looked deep into his Lordships eyes, and smiled.

“Okay. How do you feel about that Ridley?”

Ridley gave no response as he was unconscious.

“One thing though, make sure he is awake first” Adam demanded in a satirical tone. His Lordship laughed and agreed.

As Adam left his Lordship he said he would like to see Zoey and asked where she was, he was told she was in their private quarters, which surprised Adam, he did not think they would be given private quarters, but nevertheless, he was told where to go and he made his way to Zoey.

As he approached the room where she was being aided by servants he noticed a big man stood outside the door, a big man with a long blonde beard and long scraggly blonde hair, he approached the door to enter.

The man stopped him.

“Let me in” Adam demanded.

“Ei sisäänkäyntiä” The man replied.

“For fuck sake, not this lark again” Adam replied. “Do you not speak the common tongue?”

“Ehkä”

“What?”

“Jätä minut rauhaan”

By this point Adam was fed up and decided to try and push past, he was quickly rebuffed by the bigger man.

“Look, my wife is in there, I want go in and see her. Now will you move the fuck out of my way.”

The bigger man did nothing and thankfully for Adam said nothing either.

Adam stormed away and made his way back to where he had left his Lordship. He entered the room and told his Lordship of what had occurred and was told what to say to get past the big man. With a smile on his face Adam made his way back to the door.

He walked with purpose towards the big man.

“Minä rakastan sinua” Adam said to the big man.

The big man looked at him confused and angry.

“You heard what I said, minä rakastan sinua.”

The big man looked perplexed and increasingly agitated.

“For the last time, minä rakastan sinua” Adam repeated.

“Okay, I love you too, now get the fuck in there before I kill you”

Adam turned bright red, he had been tricked again.

But at long last he had got his wish and was finally entering the room in which Zoey was being kept.

He walked through the door and scanned the exquisitely decorated room for Zoey, he could not see her, so he made his way to what he assumed was the privy. He opened the door and found his wife naked in a tub of water being bathed by two female servants, in the corner of the room he could see her soiled panties and he could smell them as well.

He greeted his wife and asked her how she was, she didn’t say much and was clearly in no mood to converse, so he departed his wife, leaving her in the capable hands of the two pretty servants who were bathing her.

Back in the main hall the men were drinking ale and sharing stories, there was but one woman and she was clearly drink and she stumbled around the tables pouring more ale for the men. Adam thought she was very pretty so he decided he’d quite like to get to know her, he chose a seat in the tables and waited for her to come around with ale and pulled her onto his lap and began kissing her neck. The woman did not resist and was clearly enjoying Adam’s attention. Adam began telling the woman tales of his exploits, brave stories of killing in the field of battle and of his sexual exploits, the woman seemed to be enjoying them very much as she kept howling with laughter.

Adam’s lap became wet.

The woman had started wetting herself on Adam’s lap, still in hysterics she could not stop her flow, and pee was pouring from her pee hole in great quantity. As she became aware of her situation the woman lifted her skirt to show the men her wet panties, she was still peeing and the men roared with laughter. She stood with her skirt lifted to her stomach and finished wetting herself, she had released a huge stream and her panties were soaked from back to front, and as Adam was facing her bum, he couldn’t help but enjoy the view of her curvy bum in soaked panties.

As the last few drips of pee soaked through her panties and dripped onto the floor the woman asked Adam if he would like to feel her crotch, Adam said nothing and began rubbing the woman’s soaked panties, they were warm and Adam took great pleasure in the feeling. He then thought back to Zoey’s accident earlier in the day and became aroused by it, he asked the woman if she would like to accompany him to a private room, she agreed.

Adam and the woman departed the great hall and found a quiet room at the end of a long corridor, he pulled the woman in and began caressing her breasts and kissing her neck. The woman was moaning in pleasure and digging her nails into Adam’s back, Adam enjoyed the feeling.

He asked the woman is she had seen what had happened to Zoey earlier and she nodded, Adam asked if she would do the same, she said nothing and closed her eyes.

The next sound was pee hitting the floor.

The next smell was shit filling her panties.

The woman was pushing hard and a huge stream of pee was cascading out of her body, soaking her panties from front to back and puddling at her feet. Warm shit was filling her panties at the back and a large bulge was appearing, her panties were beginning to sag under the weight of all the shit she was depositing there. The woman moved a hand to check her bulge, it was large, wet, warm and glorious.

Adam noticed her pleasure and had a feel for himself, he never thought poo could be so arousing, but right now he was in a moment of bliss. He started squashing the poo against her bum and in turn the poo began pouring out from her panties and hitting the floor.

The woman pushed hard again and more poo left her body and filled her panties and in the process of doing so more pee poured onto Adam’s hand which was waiting underneath her stream, he had never felt anything as incredible as a woman’s pee trickling onto his hand and before long he started peeing as well.

Pee left his cock and soaked into his trousers, trickling down his legs and filling his boots, he gave no thought to reality or to his wife and kept on wetting himself. The woman, who was now finished soiling herself grabbed Adam’s trousers and pulled them to his ankles and began pulling his cock. Harder and harder she tugged.

As Adam ejaculated into the woman’s hand, the door opened.

