Where is Alec Tremethick?

Author: desertfc

*000*2015-10-28 08:09

This is the first part of a crime-thriller story of my own devising. The main story is about the downfall of a corrupt police commissioner. It was a story that sprang into my mind one evening after watching an instalment of a certain British cop show. I have attempted to write it in that kind of spirit.

I should warn you that it is quite thick reading so I'll understand if you don't read it in favour of a story that is more omo-centric and which gets to the point more quickly. The first chapter in particular is a little slow.

If you don't like messing or fear accidents, I should also warn you that this story will at times contain both.

Initially I did not intend to post it here, but I had such fun writing it that I thought I would put it out there in case anybody was interested in this type of thing.

Anyway, the first chapter follows below. I hope you like it.

- des

Where is Alec Tremethick?

Chapter One: Dust

Dark. Cool. Dry.

A gloomy cellar.

The room was nearly silent. The only sounds came from the wind and the twigs of the ash tree outside as they skittered across the narrow, grimey slat glass window near the ceiling.

Every so often sunlight would flash through the waving boughs and then through the window to illuminate fractions of the room. Save for the afternoon’s rays the room would be completely dark.

In the corner a steep spiral staircase rose out of sight, the stone steps worn by ages of use. Leaning on the opposite wall was a very tall and wide semicircular cedar table some four metres across. Scattered around the rest of the room were three dilapidated wooden chairs, an easel, a vice, and a work bench covered in tools and dust.

Somewhat unusually, the room was occupied. A young auburn-haired lady of no more than twenty five years lay bound and gagged and motionless underneath the cedar table.

It would not be immediately clear to a hypothetical rescuer whether the woman lay alive or dead. Her torso and her legs right down to her tightly bound ankles were blanketed by a wide gentleman's coat.

She appeared petite for a woman of her age and the coat seemed to have been designed in mind of a man more than twice her size. Had she two bound companions of similar size on either side of her they would all three have comfortably fit under the extraordinarily large garment.

But she lay alone - and alive for the time being.

The wind picked up outside and the small branches started to rap on the window with more urgency as if they understood the woman’s predicament. The noise finally seemed to elicit a response and a small moan escaped the woman’s taped over lips as she awoke.

###

Elise opened her eyes blearily. She tried to stretch before remembering her bonds and how she had come to be here.

Still in this room, then... And I’d been doing a wonderful job of dreaming that I was somewhere else. Damn.

Elise was surprised by how calm she felt upon waking this time. This was her second day of captivity and still she had not seen a living soul since she had been chloroformed and plucked off a quiet street the previous day in broad daylight.

It was hard to move with her hands, thighs and ankles bound together, but her unknown kidnapper had mercifully bound her wrists in front of her. She found that the limited freedom this gave her made squirming across the floor possible and she chose this moment to wiggle out from the coat and lean her back against the wall underneath the table.

Elise shifted a little uneasily on the hard stone and her loose business skirt clung damply to her bottom. She had wet herself twice since being captured; when she had woken up on the cellar floor for the first time the day before in a panic, and the following morning when her bladder reached its capacity and she tearfully realised that she could hold it no longer.

She had felt humiliated upon realising both accidents, particularly the second which had soaked her skirt and tights leaving a massive puddle at the base of the stairs. Though nobody had seen her disgrace herself she still could not help but feel impotent outrage at the people who had dumped her there like a chained animal.

She was hungry, dehydrated, cramping, and in her forty hours in the room nobody had come to show any interest as to whether she was alive or dead. She grimly thought to herself that it seemed likely that they didn’t care.

The bound girl sat there for a few minutes listening to the twigs that had awoken her, straining her hearing and willing herself to hear from outside any other sound that might indicate the presence of another person nearby. She could hear nothing of the kind.

Looking around the room, Elise got an uneasy sense that something had changed. The light was starting to fade as the sun went down outside and she realised that she would only have a handful more precious minutes to move about the room before it would get pitch black and she would have to bed down for the night.

Deciding that she would try to see if she could hear anything from inside the house, she wiggled across the room to the base of the stairs. She skirted the far wall, flushing as she remembered to avoid the puddle of her urine that she had left near the stairs earlier in the day.

Having reached the base of the stairs, she leaned against the wall and tried to determine whether any sound came from within the house. She could only hear the whirr of an air-conditioner, and before long she realised something else was out of place.

She looked to where she had accidented earlier that day and she noticed the puddle was completely gone! Bewildered, she leaned down and gingerly put her face to the floor to confirm her suspicion.

She sniffed. Pine detergent?! Somebody had been inside while she had slept! She looked over to the corner where she had first awoke the day before and noticed with a shock that the drying remains of the first puddle had been mopped away as well.

Somebody's been inside and they cared more about their stupid floor than me!, Elise realised with indignation.

Trying to shout through her gag, Elise attempted to climb the steps to bang on the door with her wrists, but found climbing the steep steps in her condition to be quite impossible.

Her elbows slipped and banged painfully into the bottom steps. Tears sprang to her eyes as she collapsed exasperated and upset back onto the floor. She sobbed bitterly.

Elise wouldn’t treat her worst enemy with such contempt, and she couldn’t imagine what it was that she could have done to have been singled out for this treatment.

After some minutes spent sprawled on the floor, she miserably slid back under the table using her bound wrists to lever the coat over her body again.

But no sooner had she settled down before she heard a door open somewhere above and behind her and footsteps crossing the ceiling.

Heart suddenly racing, she scrabbled to prop herself up against the wall behind her. With a dry mouth and an unsettling feeling in the pit of her stomach the girl watched fearfully as she heard the cellar door get wrenched open and the footsteps begin to descend the stairs.

###

Chapter 2 to follow soon...

*003*2015-10-29 07:08

Chapter Two: Die Vorschlaghammer

Alan Sanders was a busy man. He was in a meeting when Elise Wakefield was snatched off the streets and he knew nothing of the blunder until he was told about it at lunchtime of the following day.

By the time he had made it to the house that evening he knew he was in damage control. He had been saddled with an innocent woman as a hostage and he hadn’t a clue what he was supposed to do about it.

It wasn’t for a lack of options. He’d had plenty of people disappeared before. His associates who had committed the error, for instance, should not count on walking the streets on Monday morning.

Nevertheless he deplored needless violence especially when directed against an ordinary member of the public. In an odd kind of way he was a very moral and honourable man. Certainly an honourable crook.

A few calls and a road trip would certainly make the problem go away, but disappearing a young lady who had done nothing worse than be in the wrong place at the wrong time struck Alan as being ungentlemanly. It hadn’t been her mistake and Alan was loathe to let her be the one to pay for it.

Of course that didn’t change the fact that he had to get rid of her and do it fast. But he couldn’t just take her in the van and push her out onto the same street they’d spirited her away from. He had to know that she wouldn’t be able to identify any of the people she’d seen or the places she’d been.

This was for her own good as much as his. More her good, in fact.

He burst into the house and crossed the entrance hall to the cellar door. He turned on the light and was halfway down the spiral staircase when he stopped himself.

Stupid. What if she was awake? If she sees my face then I will be left with no alternative.

He stood for a second on the stairs listening for any indication that his guest was awake. He couldn’t hear anything conclusive, so deciding to be on the safe side he reascended the stairs and looked around the house for anything he could use as a mask.

The house itself had only been superficially furnished. The Syndicate had only recently acquired it for use as a safe house. There were sofas and chairs and beds, but no clothes or sheets or towels.

Alan started to panic a little. There was nothing here he could use to obscure his face. In desperation he pulled one of the curtains off the windows and threw it over his head like a child’s ghost costume.

He felt ridiculous as he went back to the cellar, but he only had to carry on this charade until he could get her blindfolded. Who knew? Maybe she’d still be asleep and he’d taken all of these troubles for nothing.

He began to descend the staircase again with the sheet over his head and his hand on the rail, but before he could reach the bottom he heard a commotion from in the cellar.

So she is awake, Alan thought to himself in vindication. He needed to take charge and that meant using his voice.

A suitably fake voice, of course.

Alan descended the stairs and halted at the final step. From his vantage point and through the thin fabric draped over his head he could see that his hostage was underneath the table on the other side of the room. He couldn’t see her face and she seemed to be feigning sleep.

‘Miss,’ Alan growled in a more gravelly voice than normal. ‘I know that you are awake. If you cooperate with me then your safety is assured. I have some questions to ask you. Before we start, though, I will be obliged to blindfold you first. Keep your eyes shut as I approach, please. You must not ever see my face.’

Hearing a timorous moan of acknowledgement Alan smiled and crossed the floor with the curtain over his head. Through the thin fabric he could see Elise under the table with her eyes clenched shut.

Good. She understands how serious I am. This should be fixable.

He carefully dragged her out from under the table making sure not to hurt her, then rolled her onto her side to face her away from him so he could safely blindfold her without any risk of being seen.

A pretty young lady, he thought to himself. Though he supposed that her looks shouldn’t make a difference.

Removing the curtain from his head, he tore off a strip and carefully knotted it over her eyes twice in order to form two layers to make certain she wouldn’t be able to see out. As he did so he noticed that she was shaking. He felt for her, but he was a professional and he had his job to do.

Once he was satisfied that she would be able to see nothing incriminating, he addressed her again.

‘Thank you for cooperating. I understand what a terrible ordeal this has been for you. Rest assured that I mean you no harm and that you will be released as soon as possible.’

‘But first, I must ask you a very important question,’ Alan continued wearily. ‘I have to ensure that you cannot betray me should I decide to release you. For this purpose I will have to remove your gag.’

'Be assured that any screaming will result in a termination of our interview and of any chance you have of leaving here alive’. Alan added harshly. ‘Do you understand?’

Elise made a noise somewhere between a squeak and mumble.

‘Very well’. Alan reached down and removed her gag.

‘Please don’t kill me, please, please, I swear I won’t tell anyone, I won’t say anything-‘ Elise gabbled, her voice shaking.

‘Calm yourself,’ Alan soothed, taken aback by her desperation. ‘Elise, isn’t it? Listen to me, Elise, my name is… My name is Alan. And that’s the truth.’

Harmless detail. Anybody would assume it to be a false name, anyway.

‘I meant what I said,’ he continued, ‘I mean you no harm. I want you to go home tonight. I hear that you are an excellent secretary. The world is run by secretaries. I don’t want to keep you from your work longer than is absolutely necessary. Cooperate with me and you will eventually go free.’

‘But I do need to know what you know about why you’re here. Do you know where you are?’ Alan asked with a level voice.

‘I don’t know! I swear!’ Elise pleaded, praying that her kidnapper would hear the truth in her voice. ‘I was walking to my car, you grabbed me, and I woke up here!’

Alan sighed in relief. She thought that he was her kidnapper. The morons who’d actually done it at least had managed it without compromising themselves to the victim. They had earned themselves a much less painful death.

‘Good. That’s exactly what I wanted to hear. Now let’s get you to the van. I don’t want you hurt, so stay quiet and I will do my best to get you back home.’

‘Thank you, sir!’ Elise breathed, hardly daring to believe her ears. ‘I swear I won’t tell a soul.’

‘I would know if you did, believe me,’ growled Alan, but without much menace. ‘Now I hope you won’t take offence if I reapply the tape to your mouth.’

She started to reply but he was already regagging her. He then bent down to pick her up. He got one hand under her right shoulder and she mewled something in protest. Getting his other hand under her thighs, he realised her skirt was damp and jerked back in surprise.

Then he saw the oval shaped dark patch on the the seat of the girl’s skirt..

The poor girl's pissed her pants! Christ almighty, don’t tell me those cretins left her down here on her own for hours at a time...

Sitting her back upright with her back to the wall he removed her gag.

‘Miss, I noticed you, er… had a little accident.’. Alan had dropped the pretense of his false voice completely. The discovery had made him angry.

‘I… I couldn’t hold it!’ Elise blurted out in an angry sob. ‘You just left me here! I couldn’t do anything!’

‘D’you mean to say nobody has come to check on you during your time in here?’ Alan demanded incredulously.

’N- No! I have- They haven’t! I haven’t had water or food and I had to… go to the bathroom on myself twice,’ she cried indignantly, flushing as she made her admission.

Fucking hell. They just left her here? Brutes! They’ll pay dearly for this lack of hospitality.

‘Jesus. I’m going to get you some water. I’ll be back.’

Alan ascended the stairs in a rush leaving Elise sitting there alone. She had no idea what was going on. Was this man her kidnapper? Had this been some stupid joke that had gone wrong? How could anyone who cared about her wellbeing have failed to even visit her while she had been tied up? It boggled the mind.

She remembered with a start that Alan had not bothered to reapply the gag. Screaming would be pointless, she knew, but maybe she could use her teeth to free her wrists? But then what? How would she escape? It sounded like her captor intended to release her, anyway, so why take the risk?

She could hear the plumbing working as Alan poured out a glass of water upstairs, and with some unease the sound jolted her into the realisation that her bowels had nearly filled and that she would need to take care of them soon.

A few minutes later, Alan came down the stairs holding a sandwich and a jug of orange coloured liquid which fizzed audibly as he approached.

‘A berocca,’ he said by way of explanation. ‘I’ve brought you a sandwich as well. I’ll unbind your hands so you can eat and drink. After that we are going to get you home. Wrists.’

She presented him her wrists and started to mumble her question just as she felt her tummy cramp, causing her to jerk her hands a bit.

‘What was that?’ Alan asked sharply.

‘I… I have to go to the bathroom again.’ Elise mumbled with a blush.

‘Oh! Oh, okay, well, I will take you upstairs. But drink that Berocca first. You’re dehydrated, you need to get some fluid back into your body. Wrists, please.’

Elise bit back the impudent response that leapt to her brain and simply nodded and presented her wrists again. She would be able to hold it a while longer, and her captor was quite correct in any case. Dehydration was already causing her a nasty headache to go along with all her other troubles.

‘I really can’t tell you how sorry I am about the way you’ve been treated,’ Elise heard Alan say. ‘The people responsible for this will be held accountable, you have my word.’

Aren’t you responsible? Elise thought to herself with some confusion and a little bitterness. But at the same time she felt relief. She was going to be released. For the first time in two days she had a spark of hope.

With her hands now free she felt a glass being pushed into her left hand. She gulped down the contents gratefully. Under other circumstances she’d have been nervous that it might have been spiked. But she was completely in this man’s power anyway, and it did not seem as though he wanted her dead.

With the glass emptied she started on the sandwich which had been tossed onto her lap. She heard her captor refill the glass and take a drink from it himself.

Definitely not spiked, then.

Elise heard the glass being topped up and placed to her left before Alan stood up and strode back over to the stairs. She finished the sandwich and picked up the glass again.

It did not take her long to drain the second glass, but she decided not to ask for a third. The urge to relieve herself had not abated during her meal, and to her surprise she even felt some pressure growing in her bladder. She thought her body could not have had all that much liquid in it left.

‘Mister. Please. I need to go to the bathroom now.’ Elise asked as politely but urgently as she could manage.

As she said it, her gut cramped momentarily and to her embarrassment she was unable to stop a fart from escaping audibly.

Flushing pink to the roots of her hair and a little annoyed to have been ignored, she asked again.

‘Please, sir,’ she whimpered, ‘I really need to go!’

‘Be quiet!’ Alan hissed suddenly from near the stairs, a razor edge in his voice taking her by surprise.

Shocked by the rebuke, Elise fell silent and tried to understand what she could have done to antagonise him. The answer came to her moments later when she heard other voices coming from upstairs.

Were they police? Should she call out? Surely they’d find her anyway? A stream of thoughts rushed through her head as she tried to process the arrival of others. She was so caught up in her thoughts that she didn’t hear Alan quietly approach.

‘The people upstairs are the ones who took you,’ Alan whispered in her ear, nearly causing her to void into her underwear in fright. ‘It wasn’t supposed to have been you, though, and now that they know that, they have come to try to liquidate you to reclaim favour with their bosses.’

Elise completely tensed up. Was this a trick? It sounded absurd, the kind of surrealism that you might expect in a movie. But she couldn’t - wouldn’t - bet her life on it.

‘W-what… What do we do?’ she asked nervously.

For a moment there was silence.

‘I need you to trust me.’

‘What? What does that mean?’ Elise asked desperately, fearing what the answer might be.

‘I am going to return you to the condition in which I found you and then I will head back into the house and wait for our friends to get separated. I will deal with them one at a time.'

Elise gulped. So there was going to be violence. And if he couldn’t overcome the others…

‘Please,’ she begged, ‘Please don’t leave me here. Don’t let them k-… Don’t let them kill me.’ Her voice broke as she spluttered over the final sentence.

She felt her blindfold being pulled off and she blinked in the gloom, tears clouding her vision a bit. She could see a young man with dark hair in business attire crouching down in front of her.

‘I have to leave you here,’ he said with a strange look on his face. ‘But I won’t let them hurt you. You have my word.’

He quickly refastened her wrist bindings, reapplied the gag, and placed the makeshift blindfold, the curtain, the jug, and the glass into a box under the workbench. He then quietly reascended the stairs, flicking the light back off as he went.

Elise was left alone in the dark and quiet room once more. She shivered, frightened of what awaited her and becoming increasingly aware of the pressure building in the back and in the front.

Time passed, perhaps an hour with her huddled in the dark. She quietly farted every now and then releasing the pressure that was building up, but she knew she couldn't hold it forever. She could hear the voices above her having an animated conversation although she couldn’t make out their words. At one point it seemed to become quite heated and she was sure she heard a glass being broken.

What are they talking about? How would Alan be able to separate them? Why is it taking so long, she thought as she shifted uncomfortably.

Then she heard footsteps and the cellar door opened again and the light came on.

‘-… deal with her. You call Handscombe.'

Elise was terrified. That wasn’t Alan’s voice. Had he just left her to her fate? She remembered looking into his eyes and trusting him, taking him at his word.

But she then remembered with a sinking feeling what Alan had said when he first came into the room.

‘You must not ever see my face.’ he’d said. But he’d taken off her blindfold. She had seen his face hadn’t she? Why did he do that? Did that mean he was now going to let them finish her off?

She heard the footsteps reach the base of the steps and a huge man rounded the base of the stairs.

‘Well, well… Princess Pissypants is awake!’ he proclaimed in a rough voice to the sound of laughter upstairs.

Suddenly filled with doubts, Elise squealed and tried to wriggle backwards away from the man. He leered at her as she bumped her head into one of the desk legs behind her.

‘Worked out what we’ve come here for, have you, little girl?’

He advanced on her with a wicked smile and she squirmed under the desk to get away from him.

‘Don’t be afraid,’ the man said with glittering eyes. ‘I won’t hurt you. Much.’

Suddenly there were some shouts from upstairs and a loud crash. The man paused and half-turned.

‘Hey, what’s going on up there?’ he roared with a nervous edge in his voice.

Elise profited from the distraction by rolling herself as far under the table as she could manage. She pushed her back up against the wall and tucked up her knees to get her feet as far away from the edge of the table as possible.

She wasn’t crying now, but she was shaking violently, silently pleading for the man to take the bait; to leave her alone and go back upstairs.

Having received no answer from upstairs, the huge man seemed to hesitate. He took a step towards the staircase, then seemed to think better of it and rounded on Elise again.

‘Come out now or when I get my hands on you I will tear your throat out with my bear hands!’ he roared.

Elise was paralysed with terror. This is it, then. Whatever's happening upstairs, down here it's just me and the monster.

She was dimly aware of a warmth spreading underneath her ass. But even realising this loss of composure, she would not give in. Going out there would be a death sentence. She knew her only hope was to try to make things difficult for her attacker.

The man was far too large to fit under the table so he would have to try to heft it aside to get at her. He was a large man, but it was a massive table. If it were as heavy as she fervently hoped it was then there was no way he could get her out anytime soon.

But she did not have forever. Where was Alan?!

Noticing her lack of cooperation seemed to send the man into a towering rage. He tried to pull the table away. It shifted no more than a few millimetres before he gave up trying to move it.

Elise didn’t dare to believe it. The plan had worked! He couldn’t get her out!

Just as she was thinking that, the man walked across the room and picked up a sledgehammer. He strode back towards her with murder in his eyes, the heft of the sledge dragging along the cellar floor ominously.

Surely not. Surely he can’t-

The man drew it back and with an almighty heave he swung it down with the primal force of a goliath.

With an almighty crash, the cedar buckled and nearly split in two right down the middle. The man’s strength seemed superhuman. And he drew it back for a second swing.

The poor girl saw her life flashing before her eyes. She couldn’t believe that she was going to go out this way. How could anyone have that kind of strength? Where was Alan? She was going to be pulverised!

Through her shock she felt her bowels begin to move. At first it started slowly, her poop solid and coming out into her panties at a steady pace, forming a tennis-ball sized bulge in her tights.

Then all of a sudden it seemed to rush out all at once. She had completely lost control and was filling her panties with mushy poop loudly and uncontrollably.

She felt the soft crap as it filled out the seat of her underwear and tights making a very large bulge under her bottom and filling the small space with the unpleasant smell of her accident.

I’m messing myself. I’m about to die and when they find my body they’ll know that I shit myself.

The sledge reached its apex, and she ducked her head in the futile hope that something, anything might yet spare her from this end.

And just as she thought this, somebody flicked out the lights.

She heard the sledgehammer fall to the floor and the man spun around.

‘Who was that?! Show yourself, you coward! Do you-‘

A shot rang out. And Elise heard the man slump to the floor.

In the gloomy light that filtered down the stairs she could just make out the silhouette of a figure standing over the threshold, a pistol outstretched in one arm.

Writhing on the floor, Elise looked up at the newcomer and tried to see if it was Alan. She couldn’t make out her rescuer's face and in any case the man seemed to pay her no notice. The figure stalked over to the man’s body and pulled something off the man’s sleeve.

He then turned to the table and bent down to peer at Elise. In the gloom she thought she saw the creature’s face. It looked like a grey mask, a hideous mask; ugly, unsymmetrical and twisted into a grimacing scream.

Horrible though it was, after all that had happened it did not frighten Elise.

Just a mask, a man in a mask, she thought to herself. Is it Alan?

The figure silently reached into his pocket and withdrew a knife. He tossed it next to her meaningfully.

Then turning on his heel, the figure glided back up the stairs and exited the cellar without a second glance.

Elise sat stunned for a moment before she came to her senses and ripped her gag off.

‘Hey!’ she yelled after the figure. ‘Wait!’

She grabbed the knife and cut away at her restraints, accidentally nicking her ankle in her haste to get free. Alan had not bound her wrists tightly so with some care she was able to cut those bonds as well. But it took time.

She clambered out from her hiding space, wincing as she felt the small mound of poop in her underwear and tights squishing up against her rear. But she couldn’t worry about that now. She had to get out of here. That much she understood.

Stepping around her attacker's motionless body, Elise climbed the stairs and exited the cellar to find a house seemingly untouched by the commotion she had heard. Or so she thought until she saw two bodies slumped over a sofa in the lounge room adjacent to the entry hall.

With a shock, she recognised one of them as Alan. A bloodied knife lay on the ground below his outstretched hand. True to his word, he had tried to protect her.

She approached and noted with surprise that he was unbloodied. The other man was bleeding out all over the floor and appeared to have been run through with the knife. Alan, on the other hand, seemed to have been struck from behind.

He's still breathing!

Now she had a dilemma. She could leave. Step out the door and she could find her way home. She could get back on with her life. She could move overseas and start afresh somewhere she would never be found. After having had her freedom denied to her, the endless possibilities outside the door and far beyond seemed overwhelming.

But she looked at Alan lying there and thought about what he’d tried to do for her. Head injuries can cause pretty serious damage if left unattended. The least she could do was get him to a hospital.

A sensible person would call an ambulance and just get away, she thought to herself. That would certainly mean Alan would be arrested and gaoled. Meanwhile she would walk away and leave it all behind.

But whatever else Elise might have been, she was no coward. It was a strange thought to have while standing there with a load in her tights and her skirt still wet and clinging to her butt, but she realised with some triumph that after everything that had been thrown at her she was still alive, still standing, and was back in control.

She was no coward. Alan had shown her his face, had tried to protect her. Alan had trusted her. Whatever his other crimes, she couldn’t just leave him there.

Besides, he would have answers and she wanted to know what the hell had just happened to her.

Grabbing a set of keys she saw lying on the coffee table in front of the sofa, Elise shook Alan to wake him. He stirred, but seemed very groggy.

‘Come on, let’s get out of here,’ Elise said firmly.

Alan seemed too out of it to resist as she led him out the door to the driveway and into the night.

###

*004*2015-11-03 14:27

Chapter Three: Sometimes

A cold front had been anticipated by the Department of Meteorology and so it was that rain began to patter down on the city’s cooling streets early in the spring evening.

In the city’s heart commuters made their way along grey streets in their cars, windscreen wipers slapping away at fat raindrops as they descended onto the street below.

The rhythmic splatter of the shower on stone paving outside the Royal Bank filled the air like grey noise.

A score of pedestrians braved the conditions, striding along in a procession of bobbling black umbrellas. A few with no rain protection scurried along the footpath from the shelter of one eave to the next, coat collars flipped skyward.

Out on a street corner, oblivious to the inclemency and ignored by passers-by stood a tall and heavyset man clad in a brown greatcoat and Homburg. He himself carried an umbrella under his arm, but for the time being did not appear to be interested in opening it.

Taxis slowed as they approached the man, but he made no attempt to signal them. His indifference to the weather was underscored by an occasional stream of smoke and flare of a cigar. He was doing well to keep it alight considering circumstances.

Behind and to his left, the last of the Bank’s employees exited the doors and descended the marble steps of the edifice, among them a young woman in black clothes and dark glasses.

The man paid them no attention as they walked past. He fiddled with his watch, shaking water off it and tapping the screen. Appearing dissatisfied with it, he removed the accessory and put it into a leather briefcase in a puddle next to his feet.

The man watched impassively as the woman from the bank paused at a pedestrian crossing, her long, loose skirt fluttering around her heels for a moment in the feeble breeze as she waited for the light to go green.

As the light changed, she set out with twenty others to the sidewalk opposite. Halfway across she seemed to halt for a moment in the middle of the road before continuing across and entering the pub on the other street corner.

The light changed to red and the traffic zoomed past, temporarily blinding the man from the woman’s movements. By the time it had passed, she had already gone inside.

The important thing to know here is that the man did not immediately follow. For another five minutes he stood there nonchalantly in the rain, puffing away at his cigar and waiting for something that he knew would not exist.

After having made the judgement that sufficient time had passed, the man scanned the street. Without ever catching sight of the thing he had been waiting for, the man then sauntered across the road and pushed open the glistening wooden doors of the bar.

###

In a pub down the way from the Royal Bank, Detective Sergeant Kate Holloway sat in a booth sipping a dry martini.

What a day. Thirteen interviews and two taken into protective custody. She was a workaholic, but even by her standards that was a brutal schedule.

She winced as she recalled the last time that she had been obliged to go undercover for a similar assignment. Two weeks of late nights, number crunching, bargaining, and haranguing. An arrest was an adequate reward for her hard work, but the experience had revealed to her a morbid preference for murder cases.

Alas, that was not what she’d been assigned to tonight.

Not yet, at least.

She sipped at her drink and pulled out a notebook from her purse, flipping it open to the final page.

‘… thirteen seated inside, four seated outside (inc. gunman), five staff.'

‘… 19 hour duration… 36 shots fired… four dec’sed (inc. gunman, three staff)…'

‘… IF attempted breach after reports of scuffling. Four quickly dec’sed, 17 second f'fight…’

‘… IF Sgt K. Ross spoke of operation speed…'

‘… “We went in so hard and so fast. Target’s down. Then we were trying to get them out, out of the blast radius... The poor lass waitress... just stood there wetting herself."…'

Kate grimaced. Three dead. Sometimes it just doesn’t work out.

Suddenly a man in a brown greatcloak and Homburg flopped himself down into the booth seat opposite her and banged his fists on the table abruptly.

Kate jolted and slapped her notebook shut abruptly.

‘Fuck!’ she exclaimed in surprise. ‘If you’re going to do that, text me a warning next time!’

She narrowed her eyes at the newcomer.

‘What do you want, Martin?’ Kate growled wearily. 'I’m meeting a contact here any minute now and I need you here like I need another bullet in my leg.'

‘You hesitated.’ Martin explained simply.

‘What?’

‘As you crossed the road,’ the man insisted. ‘You saw somebody in one of the cars at the light there, yes?’

‘No.’

Martin tilted his head. ‘Are you sure?’ he purred. ‘This isn’t official business, you know. I’m just interested. Was it your contact?’

‘You’re just wasting my time,’ Kate decided. ‘Martin, I don’t mind having a drink with you, but would you mind having it seven or eight metres away?'

‘So prickly. Ex-boyfriend, maybe?’

‘Fuck off, Martin. Right now.’

The man stood with a wry smile.

‘I’ll leave my script on your desk for tomorrow morning,’ he promised.

‘Oh, aren’t you a sweetheart?’ Kate declared sarcastically. 'Go on, get out!’

Martin put up his hands in mock surrender and went to leave the bar, chivalrously holding the door open with a smile and affected humility for a young lady who giggled as she thanked him and entered.

From her seat Kate glowered at Martin's retreating figure and reopened the notebook to the page that had been slammed shut.

On top of her meticulous notes she was taken aback to find a soggy note covered in Martin's black scrawl which had been slipped into the book without her noticing.

Incensed, she yanked the note out onto the table and dabbed with a napkin at the droplets that it had left behind on her handwriting.

Seeing no major damage she turned her attention to the note.

It was practically illegible, some of which she knew had been intentional. Of the words she could make out, only the last line seemed of any significance.

‘Ham and eggs, 7.05’

Kate inwardly groaned. It hadn’t been Martin wasting her time after all. She wasn't going to look forward to apologising to him later.

She reached into her purse and found her leather gloves which she donned. Further rummaging saw her wrist brush on cold metal. Then with a glance at her watch, she turned her attention to the door.

After about half a minute of watching, the door to the pub opened. She had already fired by the time it was halfway open.

Over the screams of the other bar patrons and the shattering of the door’s stained glass window she heard the entrant collapse to the ground, his pistol sliding out of his lifeless hand along the wooden floor.

Satisfied that the situation had been resolved, she tossed her pistol over next to the man’s body and collapsed into her booth screaming like everyone else, while carefully removing her gloves and placing them back into her handbag.

... but sometimes, just sometimes, it does work out.

###

*006*2015-11-04 05:13

Thanks guys, glad you like it. There are seven more chapters to come. Chapter Four will be up soon.

*008*2015-11-13 16:15

Progress update:

I haven't forgotten about this. Just been re-reading Chapter Four (which has three parts) and I decided that I wasn't satisfied with it. It'll be here sometime over the next few days after I've had the chance to tweak it a bit.

- des

