Fire Emblem Fates: Kagero's Tale

Author: blooper

*000*2016-09-03 22:29

Part One: Infiltration

(Corrin is named Robin, and is the same Robin I use in Awakening. Headcanon is it’s the same avatar for every FE game and also fuck if I’m running Corrin even remotely like he’s portrayed in game. Even Alm and Roy were better lords.)

Kagero moved through the streets of the village, silent and inconspicuous. She wore the same garb as the other ninjas of the village, her scarf covering most of her face. The only thing that stood out about her was her chest, which was hard to hide even in tight ninja garments. The ninja was on a mission for her liege, Lord Ryoma, the now king of Hoshido. The Samurai had just found his lost brother, the middle prince of Hoshido Robin. But just as everything in the family had been set right, dark power struck down Queen Mikoto.

Ryoma had been forced to take up the mantle of king, just as Hoshidian and Nohr forces clashed in mass on the border. Both sides watched in horror as Robin stood between the arguing princes of both kingdoms, giving them an ultimatum: settle your differences or he was leaving. Kagero was fond of the returned prince, and for once felt a pang of sadness as both princes turned on Robin. Robin didn’t stay, cutting a swath through Hoshidan’s and Nohrian’s alike as he left the battlefield. Neither of the princes moved to stop him, too engrossed in their own combat.

Once combat ended for the day, Kagero was summoned to her lord’s tent. She hoped she would be tasked with pursuing Robin, a thought that irked her. She should desire to be here beside her lord, not off on another mission. Instead, she was sent to scout the ninja village of Mokusho. While the small ninja country was technically neutral, several Hoshidan spies returning through the city had vanished. So now Kagero was here, trying to figure out what happened to them.

Kagero had been on patrol for a while now, and was starting to feel her body complain about the lack of relief. As she turned to head towards the nearest restroom, however, she spotted a female ninja, dressed in the garb of a Mokushan ninja captain, leaping across the rooftops. She was surprisingly stealthy for it being only dusk, but no one else seemed to notice or care, and the captain seemed to be in a hurry. Kagero slipped behind the nearest building, gracefully scaling it and giving chase to the ninja captain, her needs forgotten.

She followed the captain for a solid ten minutes before the other ninja came to a stop, hopping down off the side of a building into an enclosed alleyway. Some kind of secret meeting spot? Crouching on the rooftop, Kagero waited. She tried to steel herself against her needs, but she quickly became desperate to relieve herself. She could feel a fart pressing to escape, and if it didn’t she knew something a lot more solid would. But she had to stay hidden! Grimacing, the ninja slowly let the fart out, doing her best to do so as stealthily as possible. If was accompanied by a trickle of warm mush, and she shifted uncomfortably as she shit herself a bit. At least the ninja hadn’t noticed.

Soon after, another ninja captain appeared, a male in similar concealing uniform. The female produced a piece of paper for him, and Kagero focused her attention, trying to read it. Unfortunately, she couldn’t see from here. Drawing three shuriken in one hand and a dagger in the other, she leaped down from the roof. Three shuriken dug into the man’s neck, and she put the dagger to the female’s neck, covering her mouth with her other hand. The ninja captain cried out, her words muffled by Kagero’s hand, and a loud trickling could be heard, the ninja captain pissing herself as she watched her companion fall.

Her bowels didn’t fair much better, responding to the cold steel against her neck with a forceful evacuation. Kagero could hear the wet sounds of the ninja violently filling her pants with liquid feces. Kagero looked around for the note, spotting it on the ground, but spotting something much worse. When she focused on the duo, she hadn’t noticed the ten ninjas accompanying the other captain. Quickly slitting the woman’s throat, she hopped backwards, drawing a second dagger.

The ten enemies spread out, approaching carefully. The battle of ninjas was completely silent, then suddenly they struck, the clash of metal breaking the silence. A pair of shuriken lead, both nimbly dodged by Kagero before three of them engaged her, short swords flashing out. She skillfully parried one with a dagger, sidestepping the other two and bringing her dagger around, cutting a deep wound in the chest of the one she parried. He staggered back, and she drove forward, knocking him back further and finishing him with a dagger to the heart. She cursed as it got lodged in him, and she looked around as in horror as she attempted to wrench it free.

The pause had given them time to surround her, and there were still nine of them, now able to surround her with her back no longer to the wall. She cursed her weakness as her full bladder convulsed in fear, and pee started to trickle down her legs, soaking her shorts and puddling on the ground beneath her. Slowly she lowered her other dagger, setting it on the ground and raising her hands in surrender. They advanced quickly, one producing a pair of manacles and roughly shoving her hands down in front of her, snapping the cuffs on. Unsure of what they were going to do, she wasn’t ready for one to drive his knee into her stomach. Crying out in pain, the sound was accompanied by a crackling sound as the blow to her stomach drove its contents into her pants, wave after wave of soft mess involuntarily releasing. She was hit again, and again, and soon she faded into unconsciousness, still shitting herself.

There will likely be a few more parts of this, if I can get around to writing them. Comments and criticism are welcome, my writing needs work.

*001*2016-09-06 21:25

Part Two: Rescue

The first thing Kagero noticed was the food was bad. Well...not that bad, but it made her feel bad. Her stomach churned, and after her second meal, it was all she could do to not use her panties as a toilet. When requests for relief were ignored, she used the corner of the cell as a toilet, but was harshly beaten afterwards. She didn't get food for a day after that, but they started feeding her again. The Daim came in once, but she refused to speak to him, and eventually he gave up and left, promising torture upon his return in a few days.

The next day her stomach was acting up again, but nothing else of note happened until about midday. There were three guards posted in the dungeons, but another came rushing down, shouting, "We're under attack! Two fo you, with me!" The three rushed off, leaving only a single guard left behind. Kagero considered her options, suddenly feeling invigorated. There was an attack, though she knew not by whom. But regardless, it was a distraction, and she could use this time to escape. Not sure if this would work but hoping it would, Kagero lowered her shirt as best she could, making it so most of her breasts were visible. She called out to the last remaining guard, leaning forward in the most enticing way she could. "I've been stuck in here a while. Perhaps you could...join me while the others are gone." She gave him her best smile, quite forced, but all her smiles were.

It seemed her ploy worked, his attention drawn by her impressive cleavage, and she waited until he approached before reaching through the bars and grabbing him, slamming him against the cell with a brutal crack. She quickly broke his neck, pocketed his keys and his dagger, then let herself out of the cage. Pausing for a moment to hold her stomach and wish it would stop hurting, she left the room and took off down the corridoor.

Moving quietly through the complex, Kagero stopped and peaked around the corner. There were three guards, looking fairly alert, between her and the entrance to the inner section of the complex. She needed to get to the Daim's quarters and figure out what had happened to the Hoshidan spies. Considering the possible ways to sneak by, she felt pain shoot through her stomach. Leaning over and groaning, she clutched at her stomach, unable to stop the wet mess that began to enter her panties. It soiled her underwear and short and splashed down on the ground in a brown puddle leaving her legs stained.

She cursed silently as the guards turned, hearing the sound of her wet accident. She drew the dagger and rose, steadying herself as her body pushed the last of the wet mess into her panties, and she engaged the three men. They came at her but she launched the dagger, expertly piercing one man with it, the ninjas completely taken by surprise at her throwing her only weapon. The other two advanced confidently, but Kagero concentrated. A moment later, a shadowy copy of the ninja dropped in behind the pair, and attacked one. They both turned in surprise, and the real Kagero jumped the other one. Soon enough they were both unconscious, and Kagero retrieved the now four daggers, her shadowy copy fading into existence.

The ninja carelly stripped off her clothes, staring down at her messy state in disgust. Her stomach wasn't even feeling any better either. She used one of the guards uniforms to clean herself off as best she could, the donned a fresh uniform from another one of them. None of the guards were female so she'd have to do without panties. It didn't bother her overmuch. If all went well people wouldn't notice her at all, much less the lack of panties beneath her shorts. Satsified she was as ready as possible, she slipped through the door into the inner complex.

The ninja made her way through the deserted halls of the inner complex with ease. First she located her gear, gathering her clothes and equipment. She kept the clothes in her magical bag for now, since her stomach was still upset. Strapping on her familiar daggers and hidden shuriken, she moved on to the daim's quarters. The door was locked but with her newly reaquired tools she picked it easily. Slipping inside, she found the room empty. Searching it, she quickly discovered a hidden safe, and made short work of the lock on it as well. Inside were a pile of papers, and a significant amount of gold. She stared at the gold, lost in thought. She had to report back to Lord Ryoma but...Robin could use the war funds. She could find out where he was, stop by and at least offer that much aid...right? Deciding to worry about it later, she stuffed the papers and the gold into her bag, then left the room, shutting the door behind her.

As Kagero entered the outer complex, she heard the sounds of fighting. She was about to head away from it, but a distinctive laugh caught her ear. Orochi! Turning towards the sound, Kagero rushed for her friend. She could hear a faint singing, and as she got closer she could fully make out Azura's voice. She turned a corner, and there was a fight in front of her. Robin was in the middle of a horde of ninja's, axe swinging left and right as a hail of shuriken and swords dug into his body. The berserker didn't seem to mind, and his axe lashed out again, cutting straight through a pair of ninjas. Azura stood a bit off to the side, the magic of her song empowering the berserker. Felicia stood beside her, healing staff in one hand and plate in the other, pouring healing magic into the berserker interspersed with defending Azura.

On the other side of the battlefield, Kotaru fought with a trio of soldiers. Orochi was on the ground, laughing as she slung spell after spell at the Daim. Reina was above on her mount, swooping in with her lance at opportune moments. Saizo, short swords in hand, dueled with Kotaru. She winced as the red haired ninja took missed a parry and the daim buried a short sword in his side. Saizo was saved by a distracting swipe from Reina, but he staggered back, falling. Orochi was no longer laughing.

Seeing Robin seemed to have the grunts in hand, Kagero headed for the boss. As she got there however, the clanking of a mechanist's mount could be heard, and the owner appeared from across the way, bow drawn. His arrow flew before she coudl do anything, and Reina's mount was struck from the air, mount and rider careening into a wall with a loud crash. Kagero sprinted for the mechanist, leaping on him in a pounce before he could draw the bow again. Her daggers tore into him again and again, and a moment later he was dead. She turned at Orochi's scream, regretting her choice to leave her best friend alone.

Orochi flung another spell at Kotaru, but he sidestepped it with ease, launching a shuriken that lodged into her arm. The mage cried out, clutching her bleeding arm. He launched two more, and she through herself back, falling on her bottom with a thump, the stars narrowly passing over her head. A loud hissing could be heard as her body reacted poorly to the attack's proximity, a wet puddle forming underneath her and soaking her robes. The daim drew his swords again and advanced on the prone Orochi. The mage whimpered, firing a weak spell, but it was easily turned aside. She cowered, her body betraying her fully with a loud pbbbllttt as she pushed a large, soft load into her panties in fear of the approaching ninja. It was a warma nd heavy but all she could think about was getting away from Kotaru.

Kagero leapt to the rescue, filled with rage at her friend being threatened. She launched a pair of daggers, forcing Kotaru's attention away, and then lunged. Both projectiles were deflected, and his swords met her daggers in an excellent parry. They traded blows a few more times, but she realized she was outmatched. She and Orochi would both die here...urine began to trickle down her legs, soaking her shorts in an instant with no underwear to absord it, and a large yellow puddle mingled with Orochi's as Kagero was forced back against the prone mage, slowly being outmatched. She attacked boldy, cutting into the daim's arm, but he retalited hard, the hilt of his shortsword slamming her in the face hard.

She stumbled back, falling into Orochi's lap in a daze. He slammed his other sword into her head, and her vision went blurry, her daggers falling from her hands. She could feel blood covering her face, and could vaguely hear Orochi saying something, but was too dazed to comprehend. She looked fearfully up at the now twin swords above them, and felt her bowels follow the way of her bladder. She moved to protect Orochi with her body as best she could, even as once again wet mess exploded from her, this time without any underwear to stop it. Her shorts, her legs, and Orochi's lap were completely soiled as she fearfully expelled diarrhea all over them.

The daim raised his swords to slay the ninja but his blow was intercepted midstroke by Robin's back. Kagero could paritially make out his massive form, grimacing in pain, as the blades were blocked from her view. She was still fuzzy as Robin spun, tearing the swords from Kotaru's grasp and lashing out with Vengeance, the axe cleanly decapitating the surprised ninja. As the daim's head rolled across the ground, Kagero collapsed with relief, a slight smile again. "Orochi, Robin...I'm so glad to see you again. As the ninja started to fade further, she could feel Robin's arms lift her off Orochi, and his call for Felicia. Between being in Orochi's embrace and Robin's, Kagero couldn't help but feel she was where she belonged as she faded into unconsciousness. If only she hadn't just shit herself in front of them...

Things and stuff, stuff and things~

*003*2016-09-12 04:23

{{On 9/9/2016 at 4:42 PM, pp123 said:

I love this story so far

}}

Yay a comment! Thank you. Have two more parts planned, am attempting to get them written while being super busy.

*005*2017-10-12 06:47

It's in the backlog of stuff I need to finish, so I wouldn't have high expectations. The backlog is pretty big @[email protected]

I haven't had much time for this sort of stuff anyway recently, although hopefully I'll finish something soon enough here. I did commission a Kagero art from Starchild a bit ago though, so check out his gallery if you're a Kagero fan.

