A "Everyday" Night

Author: Traindude

*000*2018-06-22 12:14

I've been lurking here for a while and had a though last night, so I'm making my first post into something I hope everyone can enjoy.

WARNING: this story contains a messing, so don't read if you don't like messings(don't worry, its tame)

###

The Characters:

Mellark Atchison: A female dog, with short snout and pointy ears. She stands about 5'10 and has a slim body build. Her fur is a light blues with white highlights, and she keeps her hair down to the left in black. She has a "few" kinks that her partner and her share.

Britney Tuttson: The is Mel's girlfriend, and soon to be wife. She, also a female dog, has orange hair with brown dots and a black highlights. She stands 5'8, and has a bigger build than Mel(not by much). She does anything Mel would ask, as long as it is not self harm.

And without any further wait, I give my story to you.

###

Mel was laying on their shared bed, wearing closely fitting cloths. She had on a generic white t-shirt, a small pair of jorts, and under Meath her favorite pair panties to wear around the house, ones the had black and whit lateral stripes, and a pink bowtie in front.

She lay their, texting her girlfriend while she was on her way back from work.

Mel love this animal she called her girlfriend, and Bri loved Mel right back. The two always did almost everything together, except when it came to desperation.

Mel layed there, and sent a text after text after text, until she had got the the thing from her blanket. She had been holding since around 3:57pm, and it was now 8:50pm, and had the perfect plan. She grabed her phone and shot Bri a text:

Mel: hey, I've gtg to the bathroom, like rn.

Bri: aww, I know you could hold longer then that.

Bri had been on this hold, getting updates every so minutes.

Mel: you don't understand, something else has come up, I have to go.

She sent this with a gurgle in her stomach and a compassion in her abdomen.

Bri: at least make it a fun view.

Mel: oh don't worry, I'm not moving from this spot.

Mel carefully place her phone near her neathers, and pressed record. She then layed back down and without waiting, let a spurt into her panties, which caused her fur to stick to itself. This new warmth took all her attention, and she let loose, first a small stream, then a river, and quickly to a flood. The wetness spread from her crotch down to her but, and then onto the bed where she was laying. She moaned in relief from this release, and moved her right paw to rub it. After about 2 minutes, she was done wetting, and now her fur and clothes were soaked. She rubbed for a good 50 seconds after, then felt the other side slip. Her bowels had been on her side for this, and formed solid logs. She pushed the first one for a bit, with her was firmly placed on the bed. It got snagged on her panties, pushing them out, but she couldn't get it to come any further out.

A grunt came from the animal as she puahed with all her might, forcing the 6 inch long log into the seat of her panties, which had stretched out to allow the new object a home. Laying on her ads, the turf had crumpled up, and spread towards her neathers. This was a naughty feeling for her, her fur had stuck to the turd, and she knew more was to come. With another push, out came a 5 inch log, followed by a 3 inch, all which added to the now visible mound. The new masses pushed the warm mush more towards her clit, already halfway there. To her surprise, and underwear had done a great job keeping the load in. Finally she let the lad two logs into her panties, the mound now touching her clot, and the bulge now clearly visible to the camera. Her favorite part was next.

With her left paw this time, she rubbed the mound, spreading it through out her panties, and around her private, giving her enough warmth to instantly orgasm, and with this, she rubbed a little to "cool down" after all the fun. She leaned forward, and graves her phone, and press stop on the recording.

Quickly returning to the instant messager, she shot a text to Bri.

Mel: there all done, love the feeling of my panties stretching out.

Bri: aww, I missed on the fun, fuck. : (

Mel: don't worry, I recorded it. Knew you would love to see this.

With this, she put her phone down, enjoying the still war mush in her pants, knowing that clean up was next.

###

And that's it, the first real post for me, so, criticism is welcomed, but please be nice.

I will continue off of this one if it gets enough popularity. Any see you all later, bye!

*002*2018-06-24 20:52

Thanks, kinda threw it together as I went along, but had the story already layed out, thanks.

