Assorted Faust Stories of 2020

Author: AuthorFaust

*000*2020-02-08 03:48

This is a section for any random, assorted stories that i feel the need to, am bribed to, or otherwise coerced into writing in the year of 2020. Read at your own peril, desire, etc.

For more up-to-date Faust writing, join the Omo.org Discord and check out the interactives. (Updated semi-frequently)

Assorted Story 1: An Expert on Explosions (Edition 1)

[Tags: Wetting, Messing, generally faffing with Canon, Konosuba)

Rrrrrg…..Rrrrrg…

“Easy….We’re almost there…”

It had been a long trek from the village, but the guild hall was finally in sight. The promise of work, pay, and most importantly, food awaited inside…

“Just...gotta….endure...it..a little longer...”

It had been several days since her last meal, as her stomach was all too keen to remind her. She didn’t have any money, and she was far too feeble to go hunting for wild animals…

But, there was a chance… If she could find a party that would take her, and get even a single job……

She could get enough money to buy some food for her sister, and make it just a little while longer….

The hall was bustling with adventurers of many shapes and sizes, yet despite such a variety of people…

“You think that maybe we should lower our recruitment standards just a little bit?”

“Nonsense! I’m a Goddess, they’ll be lining up to party with me! Just you wait!”

They were an unusual pair, indeed. A boy with short brown hair with a green tracksuit… And a girl with elegant, dark blue clothes...With bright blue hair, that trailed down her back, and an overly perky smile...

“Yeah, but considering we're a starter party...” the boy calls, rolling his eyes. “You think maybe only wanting advanced classes a bit unreasonable?"

“But I'm the Goddess Aqua!” the blue haired girl replies, indignantly. “I'll accept nothing less than the best! And you, of course.. Kazuma.”

“Nnn.. but what kind of advanced class is so hard up for work they'll help a party like ours?” Kazuma replied back. “I'm a low level adventurer, and you're a useless Godd-.”

“Ahem...”

Even compared to the two, she knew she stood out. A petite body, with a knee-length red dress.... A large, wide-brimmed hat that was stitched to resemble a mouth on it.....A bright red eyepatch over her face, fingerless gloves, and bandages over her leg. Her one visible eye shimmered a brilliant crimson.... And, though her stomach felt like it was digesting itself out of desperation, she struck a prominent pose, flourishing her hands over her face. To do any less would be unbecoming of her clan, regardless of her state.

“I'm here to apply for your party.” she stated, fingers going over her eyes, but parted to permit her vision. “I am a mage of the crimson demon clan, who commands the most powerful Magic: Explosion! My name is Megumin!”

People around whispered a few things out of her earshot, but Aqua's eyes lit up.... Beaming.

“Ooh! See Kazuma? I told you that our flyer would work!”

"I....see...” the boy responded, looking her up and down. "I'm not so sure I want some kind of jailbait mage in our party. People stare enough as it is...”

“J..Jailbait?!” the Crimson demon answered, indignantly. “I...I am not jailbait! I'm the most prestigious mage of the Crimson Demon clan! My skills are unparalleled! My might, unquestionable....”

“The crimson demon clan are powerful mages..!” Aqua whispered to the boy, behind a raised palm. “There's no sense in denying her offering to help, is there? Worse comes worse, you can just...”

"Alright, alright...” the boy relented, leaning back in his chair. "Tell me Miss Crimson demon...”

“Megumin.”

"What's the catch? Why would you ally yourself with our party? Surely, if you're as great as you say you are, you'd have no trouble getting a more competent group than me and the useless Go-”

An interrogation cut short by the small girl suddenly falling forward, her petite body finally giving out from it's lack of energy. For all his sniping, Kazuma leapt from his chair at this, and hurriedly moved to the girl's side.

"Hey, Loli-mage! Are you okay? What happened..?”

It took nearly every ounce of life in her body to answer..... Mustering only a single word.....

“Food......”

It was enough to get her message across, as by the time Megumin's eyes opened again, she was sitting before a veritable smorgasbord of odds, ends, and flavors... Kazuma and Aqua positioned on the sides of the table, as he gave her a wave of his hand.

"Go on, eat.” he assured, a hand rubbing his head. "Not gonna let you starve... Even if I don't think you're going to be of much use. I mean, what can a little loli mage like you do?”

She wanted to respond. She wanted to answer him, and explain to him that age has no bearing on ability, that she could easily take care of the entire guild hall at once if she desired. That any party would be lucky to have her....

...

However, that would require doing things like breathing and not-eating... Both things she'd had more than her fair share of over the past few days....

"Jeez, I didn't think you were that hungry." the talkative boy replied, as she nearly shoveled tray after tray of whatever she could get her hands on. "Do you just Not eat for days on end or something?”

There was more silence, a leer from her one visible eye....And then right back into devouring as much as she could muster in a short time frame, as if they would pull the plates from under her any second....

"If you don't slow down, you're gonna upset your stomach!” he added on, as the girl's body considered her food intake to be sufficient to snap back.

“The crimson demon clan have stomachs of steel!” she stated, wiping her face with her sleeve. “'Tis a meager offering by our standards, but it will do for my services, Adventurer and companion whose hair is like the sea!"

"If you say so....” the brown haired boy answered, shrugging his shoulders. "I'm Kazuma, that's Aqua.”

If Megumin herself was eating quickly, it seemed to be nothing compared to how Aqua was practically inhaling certain foods that Megumin hadn't finished, looking much less regal than her attire suggested..... As she similarly knocked back a large glass of what Megumin figured was the tavern's booze...

"So, what service do you request of me, the great Crimson Demon?" she called, as Kazuma looked to Aqua... and then rubbing the back of his head, sheepishly.

"Well there are these frogs you see....”

As soon as the trays were cleared, the group was off! Megumin felt better than she had for weeks with all of the food in her belly, as Kazuma explained the sit0tion..

They were dealing with frogs. Giant frogs, that were seemingly resistant to physical blows. Given the party was of a Cleric, and a lowly adventurer, they were all too happy to have someone with some more literal firepower......

Of which, she was truly unparalleled. None could rival the might of her..

Grrrrgggg....

A hand went over the petite mage's stomach as she felt it grumbling... Not in hunger, but in another sense...As she hastily planted her hand at her side before the adventurer could notice...

"So, we were hoping that you could help us finish them off.” Kazuma finished, seemingly not noticing her light pause. "We'll give you a fair cut of the reward and all, and I've already managed to kill one. So, it should work out.”

"O...Of course it will." she stated, feeling a bit of sweat beading up on her forehead. "For a mage of my level, this is no more troubling than a morning jog!"

"If you say so..."

The frogs were definitely gigantic, that was true. Each one looked about the size of the common hut in the woods, or even some of the larger caravans that people traversed in. Though they weren't very aggressive, they'd defend themselves if something was too close to them.. Which unfortunately, included things like buildings, statues, and farms that were built on uneven ground.

Outside of protecting livestock, and preventing property damage, people would sometimes hunt the frogs for their meat as well... Which lead to a strangely addicting, if weird textured taste when properly grilled.... The thought made Megumin's mouth water, even after having such a big meal....

Grrrggg...Grrrrg......

Something her body was getting a little too keen to remind her on, as Kazuma pointed at one of the frogs by it's lonesome, staring at a tree amidst the wide open field.

"Alright, show us what you can do, Loli mage!." Kazuma stated, as the girl put the thought out of her mind...

'It’ll pass' she thought, quietly to herself. 'I'll take care of this, and I shouldn't have to worry....'

Magic was.... a troublesome factor in a person's life. It was something most adventurers could pick up, and it was very useful for a medley of things...

However, one's magic was limited by their MP, which was an innate thing that people were nearly incapable of changing, and outside of some very precious gems, one could only expend so much energy to cast spells, based on your own innate talent.

If you lacked the MP, you could sometimes substitute your own energy for a mana deficiency...Though, most mages refused to let their bodies get to that point, preferring instead to retreat and recover. Megumin was such a big eater, because unlike them...As an expert from the crimson demon clan...

'I can use that excess energy to fuel my spell..' she thought to herself, as she closed her eyes....And began a chant.

"In the beginning, there was naught.....And then, there was this..." the girl started, holding out her magic staff, as energy started to crackle around her. "That which brought about the beginning of all things, and which will bring about your end! Feel the might of the most powerful spell known to humanity, which birthed all, and bests all..."

The very air around the frog started to glow a bright orange, as a circle formed around it...

"Hear thine name, and cease your existence...... EXXXXXXXPLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSION!"

It was not a simple bang, a whimper, a flutter, or even a slam.... It was, as the name suggested, an impossibly loud, incinerating, devastating, OVERWHELMING blast of raw, concentrated mana, that didn't just engulf, but completely vaporize the frog from the plane of existence, leaving behind scorch marks....Flickering embers, and the smell of cooked frog meat in the air....

It was the greatest magic, and the one she was known for... The explosion mage, Megumin....

"Holy shit.... She did it!" Kazuma called, wide eyed. "Now THAT is real magic! Oh man, we really lucked out after all finding that Loli Mage! She's perfect, she's great, she's..."

Fwump....

The petite mage fell face-first into the grassy field, her whole body frozen up, and feeling almost completely drained of the energy she had before....

Her muscles relaxed to a degree that she could barely muster a chuckle... Her face fell slack for a bit, and her tongue was dangerously close to falling out of her mouth as she laid flat.... The downside of such a dangerous magic readily evident....

Yes, it was the most powerful spell known to man.... And, while she could theoretically cast it....

"Wh..what happened?! Is this some kind of 'Turn your HP into MP' so now you're on death's door kind of spell?"

Megumin couldn't quite muster an affirmation yet, so she tried to blink very obviously....

It was once for yes, two for no, wasn't it..?

"Gah... I was hoping we could wipe out the field, but we have to get out of here..." the boy called, as he turned to Aqua. "Come on, we gotta..."

Megumin couldn't see what happened, but based on the yells that rang to her ears, she could only imagine that the other girl got... attacked by one of the frogs.

They weren't incredibly dangerous, but they had a wide palette for food.....

...

Which she was now acutely aware that she was a sitting.... Laying duck for the very beings to come and gobble up....

Yet, thankfully, the warmth that came around her body wasn't of a tongue trying to pull her in, but of someone's body, lifting her up to carry...

"That spell's way too dangerous..." the boy's voice rang to her as she recovered enough energy to open her eyes, already halfway to town. "You definitely can't be casting that if you want to be with us. You're too vulnerable after it..."

She opened her mouth to protest, feeling the lightest of feeling in her feet again... But...

Grrrrrrrrgggg....Grrrrrggglllle...

Something else had taken ample opportunity of her recovery time, what was once a harmless gurgle had grown into a very troubling weight.... That she could feel on it's path downward and outward...

"And people are going to ask questions if they see me carrying around a little girl like this after every mission, and.."

"Can't..." the girl answered, as she tried to tense, and clench up her bottom......Feeling the pressure mounting it's attack on her dignity....

"Ah? Whattya mean you can't?" the boy answered, seemingly unaware of her plight....as she tried to stiffen her body up.

"I...can't..." she started, softly...Before trying to put on a brave face. "I can't...cast other kinds of magic...! It's only...Only explosion....!"

"WHAT?!" Kazuma yelled, stopping in place as they arrived in town, and jarring her tiny body. "You mean you don't know any other magic?! You're as bad as Aqua!"

"Hey, I heard that!"

The petite mage couldn't argue the point, the sudden stop feeling like someone shoved on her ailing tummy, as if telling her urge to hurry along, as she felt the weight getting closer and closer to disaster....

She usually could cast her spell off in time to use the energy from her food and avoid this... But, perhaps with her rabid consumption, she may have in fact taken in more than she could process... As the boy groaned...

"No wonder you had to come to us! Nobody would take someone whose only skill makes them pass out! That's just stupid...!"

"P...Please...." she stated weakly, feeling the pressure starting to surmount..

Frrrt..Frrrrt....

"Please what? I'm already carrying you back! Thanks for the help and all, but i don't think i can handle another dead weight to lug around on my team.."

"Y..you don't understand.." she pleaded, her eyes near tears as she squeezed with all of her remaining might... Still feeble, and weakened from her magic The idea of being tossed aside again was horrible... Terrifying.... Mortifying even....

Horrid memories seemed to take form in her stomach, further weighing down the pressure that was budding.... swelling.....descending at a rapid pace as she thought of her her sister, her clan, and of her very name.......

So, with all of her other options threatening to slip away from her, and more than opportunity knocking at the door, the boy threatening to slam the door in her face... .She went for the last, most drastic, and definitively most effective option...

Frrrrrrrrt....Crk..

"A...Alrrrrrrriiiiiiight!" she screamed, loud enough to get everyone's attention. "I..I...i really didn't want...nngh...it to come to this, but if it's the only way to get you to ac....acc...accept me...I'll do it...! I'll....I'll...I'll cater to your.......Little girl ffffff...Fantassssssiiiiiessssssss!!!"

Crrrrk...brrrrrrttt...

There was no stopping it at this point.... She could feel the pressure of lunch, processed into energy and waste pushing and forcing it's way out from under her dress... Her poor, cotton black panties sporting a now bulging tent that grew with every passing second....

"Nnnnn....Nnnnnghhhh....I'm.....I'm....m..m..messing myself...for you.." she sniveled, her face burning bright red as very real tears came to her eyes. "I..in front of all of these people... D..d..dadd-"

"Sshhhhh!!! Stop, Stop! People are staring!" Kazuma quickly stifled, rocking back and holding her against him. "Y..You can stay, you can stay! Just..stop making a scene..!"

The most effective persuasion of all: Blackmail. However, though she now had her party...

Frrrttt..crckle...crckle....

It didn't stall her stomach's release any further, as she continued to shame, and mess herself...The uncomfortably warm, mushy sensation encompassing her rear end...

Psssss...sssshhhhh...

As the front of her panties were assaulted as well, with warm wetness she couldn't fight back.....Trickling down her legs, and warming her body in the most troubling of ways.... (Along with soaking the boy's track jacket)

Yet, once she could get cleaned up and do some laundry, she would now have a source of income for her family, and for herself!

...

Even if whispered hushes now occasionally mentioned that she was an expert on different kinds of explosions than her magic......

A small price to pay for an honest living.

*002*2020-03-06 17:59

[HIgh-Class Trouble]

[A Birthday gift for @Biku

]

‘This Is.... nothing.’

The thoughts of the upper crust, the confidence of a queen.....Or maybe even just the false assurance of a girl with too much to lose..

A few hours prior, the doors to an incredibly lavish building, teeming with brilliantly dressed figures and forms.... Some kind of significant gathering of important people....

Yet, all heads turn as the doors finally open.... As the last, and most important individuals strode in, spurring gossip and chatter among the audience...

"That's the CEO of the company.."

"Yeah, and her husband and child too.."

A raven haired woman clad in red, a curly-brown haired man clad in a silver suit, and an exceptionally elegant looking daughter.... With a sky blue dress, fair pale skin, and a dark blue ribbon managing some slightly poofy, curled black hair....

"Go along, Emily." the woman whispers to the younger girl, lightly waving her on. "We've got some mingling to do with the general public."

"Yes, of course mother." the younger woman answered, as she strayed from her family's side swiftly.

‘Mustn't give the wrong impression.’ Emily thought, rattling off a list of mental orders. ‘Don't make a scene.Don't ask questions. Don't embarrass the family.'.

It was tough, being the daughter of one of the most renowned CEOs of her country. Her parents weren't neglectful, but they were.. occupied for a significant portion of time. Not that she minded, being able to live in the lap of luxury was well-worth the occasional quiet night at home......

Or in this case, being at another party with a bunch of strangers she'd never met. She sincerely doubted there was anyone even remotely her age in this 'Party' they held, much less any of her (Admittedly small) group of friends. Yes, a few hours of pacing around plush red carpeting, eating and drinking just ever-so-slightly, and giving noncommittal answers to the probing questions of the masses. Yes, just another mundane week's end for Emily Cole.....

"Hey, aren't you the daughter of Cole's Pharmaceuticals?" one person asked, as she started towards the punch bowl to grab a drink..

"I am." she answered, quietly pouring herself a glass as she raised it to her lips.

"What's your mom really like? I mean, I hear all kinds of stuff, but i..."

Emily merely raised the glass to her lips, and started to move away. A trick she'd discovered over years of these sort of things: If you had a beverage in your hand, you could get out of most unwelcome conversations by merely raising the glass and walking on. She imagined the man would be a bit put off, but she didn't want to converse over her family at the moment....

There were several snacks, hors d'oeuvres, and various other distractions that caught the eye of many a party goer... But, Emily did her best to stay out of the limelight, and out of trouble...

‘Don't make a scene.Don't ask questions. Don't embarrass the family.'.she told herself again and again, as if on some kind of mantra... As she sipped, snacked, and quietly walked around... Trying to enjoy her solitude, as the waiters started to come around for the wine tasting.

Not something she partook in, of course.. But, her father was quite.. enthusiastic about the varied wines and their ages.... Something that embarrassed her to no end, as he would get quite...

"And then, my daughter was like 'but That one, Papa!'" the voice of her father called as he laughed with several other individuals, at a story that was probably not funny in the slightest. Emily furrowed her brow, and made herself as small as possible as she put some more distance between her and her family... Sipping from her punch (Which needed to be refilled soon) to get out of interacting with any would-be probes of discussion.

Yes, everything was going routine. Boring, bright, and annoying as usual......For a few hours, at least. However, by the time she'd poured her fifth 'Get out of conversation free' glass, a sensation stirred inside of her...

Pang....

"Ah...!" the girl softly groaned, her legs pressing together a bit tighter as she recognized the only demerit of avoiding uncomfortable conversations with strangers...

She had to pee.... A fair amount too, given by the sudden swell in sensation. She had never been the kind to deliberately deviate, holding herself prominently for any sort of occasion.... Preferring to get the annoyance out of the way as soon as possible and be done with it.... Ever since she had been a child, and had a few...incidents, she'd usually be careful and cautious with her body... Doing her best to avoid any troublesome situations, or uncomfortable scenarios...

But she was no child... Not anymore. These kind of things were fated to happen, one way or another.. And, given the sheer mass of people that she was avoiding....

'Perhaps... I overdid it a little on the punch.' she thought to herself as she took a seat in one of the chairs for resting.... Crossing one leg over another casually as her eyes glanced around the ballroom.

The party seemed to be in full swing at this point, so hoping for an early night was out of the question.... Her mother had just started telling the story of how she was a self-made woman, studying medicine since he was able to read and being top of her class.... The usual bragging that seemed to drag on for ages...

And, most annoyingly of all, she couldn't pick apart anyone in the crowd who seemed to share in her plight..... Which would have been an easy out to her scenario..

‘Don't make a scene.Don't ask questions. Don't embarrass the family.' she chanted to herself again, as she glanced around the room... Feeling the incessant panging stir anew.

She had to keep herself still, she couldn't risk making a fool of herself by asking where the bathroom was, and she most definitely could not....

..

‘Nnnn...!! Don't even think about that...' she snapped at herself, as she switched legs.... Pondering how long it would take for someone else to need a break, before..

"Oh, you're Miss Cole, aren't you?" another voice, a boy around her age called out. She flinched, and raised the glass to her lips on reflex....

Cringing internally as her body recoiled at the thought of more liquid..

"M...Mmmmth.." she sounded noncommittally as she forced the mouthful of punch down her throat, the boy turning to the crowd.

"Did your parents drag you here too?" the boy, someone with messy brown hair and the undeniable air of a loser about him, called... Slumping. "I'm only here cause my parents want to rub elbows with the elite. By coming here every so often, i get them off my back... You know?"

The black haired girl took sip after sip, trying to avoid having to answer the boy...Eyes darting around the room, until at last....

"I must be going..." she answered softly as a woman in a long purple dress started to head off into the halls....Prompting her to borderline leap out of her seat, and after the woman....

The telltale posture, the way the woman's hand went over her belly.... No doubt about it...

She was headed to a bathroom, one that Emily could surreptitiously relieve herself in after, and be back without trouble.... A desire that was getting slightly more urgent as the punch continued to run it's course through her system.....

Forcing the girl to consider for the fleetest of moments to apply some pressure..... A quick press....

Before rounding the corner with a bit of shock, and a groan...

"Nooo..." she groaned...For despite the fact there was in fact, a bathroom to be used...

There were also about a dozen or so women similarly waiting in line.....Prompting her to wince, as she quietly took to the back of the line.

There wasn't anything to be done, she'd just have to endure quietly... Carefully... and just wait out the line.

Some of the women struggled to put on a strong front as they waited, while others hopelessly bounced and squirmed openly... More than a few flushed faces indicating they may not have been in their right minds.....As Emily struggled to stay as still as possible..

"What kind of place like this only has three stalls? I'm bursting here!" one woman cried out quickly, prompting a scowl of disgust from the straining Emily...

"Nnnnn... seriously.." Another woman, more composed, but no less troubled, called. "Hey! Hurry up in there! Some of us are wearing rentals out here!"

"I..in a minute!" someone's voice called distantly from the bathroom... As Emily furrowed her brow, and raised one of her legs in a half-desperate bounce...

‘Don't make a scene.Don't ask questions. Don't embarrass the family.' she chanted to herself again, trying to detract from the growing agony in her lower belly... As the line moved oh so slowly.... Minutes feeling like hours.... The glasses of punch feeling like pitchers... And the crowd of people in line growing louder, and more rambunctious with every passing member....

Soon enough, the dozen people had dwindled down to a mere four, not counting her. One entered, as Emily had finally resorted to applying the slightest bit of pressure, an absolutely agonizing urge nagging at her to just forego with the line, and charge in at the next opening....

‘N..No.... I can't make a scene...." she thought to herself, squeezing a bit harder. ‘And I can't embarrass my family.....'

Losing it was out of the question, and yelling for them to hurry was out. Asking for another's spot in line was right out as well, as she just silently struggled.. .Switching from foot to foot, before...

Three women all left the bathroom at once, leaving her at the front of the line after the women in front of her charged in. She breathed a sigh of relief, taking a few steps closer, as she took in a sharp breath, and exhaled...

'There there... almost there...'

It would just be a few minutes, and a stall would open. Then, she could just pace in, lower her garments, and finally end this torment....

It seemed like no time at all that the door was opening, and someone starting out... Her window to escape the tyranny of piddle problems..

..

Until..

"E..Emergency! Clear a path!" a woman yelled, charging straight past the girl and into the bathroom... A hand on the back of her dress, and clutching her stomach giving the all-too-telltale signs of distress.....

"A..Ah..! H..hey!" she protested, but it was far too late. She could hear the woman's groans through the door, and it was clear she wasn't going to be out for a while.

Similarly, there was now another horde of people standing behind her, shifting and squirming as she looked back... Feeling her heart sink.

'There's...so many people....' she thought, feeling her cheeks pinken a bit. 'I...If i go in there... They'll...!.'

Emily darted from the line at this, stiffly stagger-pacing back through the ball... Glancing about to see if her parents seemed ready to leave...

To no avail.

"And then there was the time that..."

Her father was in full-on story mode, and he was the only person who liked hearing his voice more than her mother... As she was being lead to the bathrooms she had just escaped from...

No doubt, to help with the person who cut her in line with obvious... Distress.

'Mom HAD to be a doctor.....' she chided to herself, knowing that any hopes of an early exit would be dashed until the person in the bathroom was tended to....

So, she had only one other escape... One way to avoid causing a scene, asking questions, or shaming her family.....

"Outside... I have to get out of here..." she groaned to herself, hunching forward as she started towards the door, keeping only the lightest of eyes out for anyone following her.... Such as a journalist, or that annoying boy....

As she pushed open the doors, and glanced along the gardens with a large tree...Hobbling over, and leaning against the trunk for balance.

"It'll..It'll have to do..." she told herself, feeling her whole body winding up like a spring...

Ssssh

As a spray of warmth started to seep into her underclothes, giving her mere moments to act....

Her sky blue dress being hoisted over pale, creamy thighs....While striped orange undergarments marred with a splotch of shame were yanked down over her hips...

Psssssssssssshhhhhh..sssssssssssshhhhh..sssssssshhhhhhhhhSsssssssssssssssshhhhhhhhh

As an absolute deluge erupted from her lower lips, splashing the ground and then some as her body forcefully ejected all of the punch she'd been handling throughout the night..... Splattering, and splashing at her feet, as her free hand went to her mouth.

"Mmgggghhhhhtttthhh....!!!! Mmmmmaaahhhhhhaaaahhhnnnnnnnn....aaaaahhnnnn.."

Badly muffling a series of groans, moans, and noises she was making. An unfortunate habit that developed over the years...

Anytime she was forced to hold more than a middling amount, she had a bit of a.... noisy reaction. She wasn't entirely sure if it was just a vulgar trait from a restrained lifestyle, or if it just always felt that good to piss, but every time she emptied from a lengthy hold...

"Mmaaaaahhhhhh..haaaaaahhhhhnnnn....aaaaaaaaahhnnnn..."

She was left a groaning, panting, shuddering mess. The cool, night's air against her tender area certainly didn't dissuade any of the shivers her body felt.... But, as her personal faucet was starting to taper off...

"Hey...Do you hear something?"

She bit down on her hand, kneeling down into a squat as she muffled her noises as best she could.....

Unfamiliar women's voices.....

"Must be the wind.." another called. "C'mon, let's get back in, before Mr. Cole notices anything's off."

"Yeah......" the first voice responded, as Emily heard the footsteps departing from her location. "If the line wasn't so long for the bathrooms, we wouldn't have had to go outside like a bunch of animals."

"Oh, don't lie! It was fun!"

Emily could feel her heart pounding, and her face flushing.... The trickle of her stream only now tapering off as she managed to finally catch up on her breathing.... A bite mark on the back of her hand all-too-evident.

It was close.... So very, very close.....But....

‘I didn't make a scene....I didn't ask any questions" She thought, as she lightly wiggled her hips... Trying to dry off, before pulling her slightly damp panties up. 'And... once again, I didn't embarrass the family.'

Now, she just had to make it back inside, and back into the crowd with nobody suspecting a thing.

‘Yeah... After that, This is..... nothing..’

*005*2020-03-17 13:58

{{5 hours ago, OmorashiFan59 said:

Nice! Emily was always one of my favourite characters out of the lot - also, @AuthorFaust

, why on earth did she leave the bathroom? She could've just waited...

}}

‘Don't make a scene.Don't ask questions. Don't embarrass the family.'

Emily has a... unique sort of condition, when she's overfilled with pee: She's an incredibly active moaner.

The kind that would give people reason to spread awful rumors, and tasteless libel about her family.

And, as the mantra states: She can't make a scene, nor can she embarrass the family.

Hence, outside.

She would have gone on in, if there wasn't a crowd of people lining up behind her, ensuring someone was going to hear in, and start up the gossip.

*007*2020-09-25 17:28

[Commissioned by @Maki

]

[Choco-Trouble]

[Tags: Wanko to Kuraosu, Messing, padding remarks]

“Mmn. Easy walk today. Keep the pace, everyone.”

It always seemed to be kind of weird, the svelte blue haired girl holding back a whole armada of dogs on their afternoon walk….

But, if one looked at the top of her head, they’d see her two perky ears poking out…Giving away her true nature.

In this world, there were animals, sure….But, in addition, there were Anthropods, animals that looked more like people than animals.

In this case, the pack of dogs were being led by an Anthro dog herself. She gripped the medley of leashes in her hand, reigning in the pack as they traversed down the streets around their home.

“Ah, Kotarou!” one of the neighbors called with a wave, prompting the blue haired Anthro to wave back. “Taking the store dogs for a walk again?”

“Afternoon, Shiki-san.” She answered with a wave. “Yeah, Momma always gets tugged away by them, so it’s usually up to me.”

“You’re such a good girl, Kotarou.”

Kotarou smiled, and continued along with the dogs as they went through the neighborhood, and out towards the riverside. Kotarou could loosen her grip now, with such a wide open area…. And, because the dogs knew who the alpha was of the pack.

“Well, now they know…” she thought, closing her eyes. When she’d first started walking the dogs, there had been more than a few spats, growls, and struggles to keep them all in line….

Not to mention a certain… troublesome incident she didn’t like to think about. When her nerves compounded with a pent up need, and…

…

Kotarou shook her head as she quietly paced around the floodplains, seeing a few others walking around casually, and an older woman sitting on a picnic blanket. Kotarou could feel herself relaxing, just a tad… Until…

“Ah..! Kyona-chan!”

Kotaro’s ears perked up as she saw someone flailing about in the water, her head bobbing down under it. Someone was in danger..!

“Everyone, stay here.” Kotarou called, sprinting and diving into the water as fast as she could.

“H-H-Help..!! Kyouna can’t swim!” the victim, a flailing girl called…. As Kotarou wrapped her arm around her.

“I’ve got you..” She called, pulling her, as she fought against the river’s flow, pulling the girl to shore. Though she usually worked as a police dog, Kotarou was no stranger to saving others in need…….

“Ohhh.. Ohhh Kyouna! Don’t worry me like that!” the older woman on the blanket pacing over. “You fell in, and I couldn't…”

“A..awaaaah...Kyouna’s sorry Mommy…” The girl, whom Kotarou’s nose could now pick out as an Anthro herself… Though, based on her tail, and how she reacted to the water…

‘A cat…’ Kotarou thought to herself, as the woman quickly turned her attention to Kotarou herself.

“I can’t thank you enough, Ma’am.” She cried out, loudly. “Please… If there’s anything i can do miss!”

“Hm..? Oh, it was nothing.” Kotarou started, as her nose suddenly started to twitch. There was something…. Delicious in the air. The girl’s ears wiggled, and she turned her gaze to the basket, where there were a small medley of cookies piled up. Kotarou had never smelled something so sweet in her life….

“Ah, do you want some of these?” the woman answered, noticing her face. “Have you ever had chocolate chip before? Can anthro dogs.…”

Kotarou felt herself drooling a bit, but quickly wiped her mouth and averted her gaze.

“I...That isn’t necessary..” she started sheepishly, as the woman bundled up a few of the cookies.

“Here! Please, I insist!” the woman called, smiling. “I wish i could do more for you, but these old bones can’t move like they used to.”

Kotarou opened her mouth to protest, but she felt herself drooling some more… So, she just relented, and accepted the cookies from the woman, as she started to gather up the leashes.

“Don’t feed those to the others!” the older lady called. “I know dogs can’t normally have chocolate, but maybe since you’re part human..”

Kotarou gave a slight nod as the other dogs barked out praise and thanks to her. She was used to it, in a sense.. But, it was always nice to get praised.

“Momma will probably be proud too..” she thought, as she started along. “And, she’ll probably like these cookies too.”

She looked down at the sweet smelling food, and once again, felt herself drooling. There were six of them there…

“Maybe… Just one would be fine….” she started, lifting one up to taste…

….

……..

The smell of chocolate was teasing at his nose, and filling the house. It was a rare time for Risa to cook anything purely for the taste, rather than nutrition… And, Yuuichi couldn’t help but smile a bit.

“Chocolate cupcakes, Hm?” He thought out to himself, as a loud beeping could be heard…. And, Risa was nowhere to be seen. He sat for a few moments, before shrugging and standing up… Going to grab mitts, and remove them from the oven before they could burn.

“Mm...Mmmm.. Those smell good…”

As if on cue, the orange haired Anthro that was his pet, Mikan, had flanked his side, just as he set the tray of cupcakes down…. As he watched her tail wiggle, and her mouth water.

“Ah… Hey..” He called, lightly. He’d asked Risa for something for his classes he tutored, but come to think of it…

Could Anthros handle chocolate? Even he knew regular dogs weren’t able to digest it, and it made them quite sick, but if they had more human bodies….

“Don’t even think about it, Yuuichi!” the brown haired, twintailed cook cried out, stepping into the kitchen. “No taking any for yourself! And, No chocolate for Mikan or Silvie!”

The orange haired anthro pouted, prompting Yuuichi to pat her head… As he turned.

“Um… Is it poison for Anthros too?” He asked, as Risa started to decorate the tops with icing.

“Well… yes and no.” Risa stated, matter of factly. “It’s not deadly, like it is with regular dogs. But, the chocolate still messes up their digestion a bit… And, it usually… Well, it causes some… incidents, with their movements…”

“Oh..” Yuuichi started. “You mean like that time when we were doing that right after you got out of class, but i didn’t believe you actually had food pois-”

“Ahhhhh!! No, no no! No bringing that up!” Risa cried out, flush-faced. “I had to throw those panties out! The smell kept bothering Mikan and Silvie!”

Yuuichi chuckled lightly at the memory, glancing out the window.

‘I”m glad i’m engaged to someone who knows so much about dogs..’

……

………..

Kotarou felt an uneasy sensation in her gut as she walked…. Wincing as a cold sweat broke out over her.

This sensation was all too familiar….And all too uncomfortable.

Grrrggg...Grrrgg..Grrrgle…

Her stomach was upset, and it felt like her body was clenching involuntarily. She hadn’t felt a pressure like this since the first week she had to walk the dogs, and….

“W..was it the cookies.?” She thought, holding her gut with her free hand. “Did.. Did they have something in them?”

It didn’t smell off…. And, it certainly smelled, and tasted amazing. But, she had just made it back into town when the pressure hit. Harder, and faster than the time she had trouble with nerves..

Perhaps… It wasn’t the best idea to eat something the other dogs couldn’t handle….

“G..Gotta hurry..” she called to herself, starting to be the one tugging the dogs, rather than vice versa. “Gotta..get home..”

People waved, and the dogs seemed confused at her insistence, but Kotarou couldn’t bear them any mind. She was a model for strong, authoritative dogs in the neighborhood. She was a police dog, she’d been doing this for almost three years now…

So, she absolutely, positively, could not let this overcom-

Frrrtcklllblbl..

“Ahhh..!!!”

The Anthro gasped as the pressure seeped past her clenched bottom, sputtering some foul-smelling ick into the back of her panties and jeans….Making her thrust her free hand back. “No...No..No...we’re so close…!”

She bounced and squeezed her bottom with her hand as best she could…. Trying to halt any further advances of shame….

Just thirty more meters…...Twenty….Ten…

Brrrble...Crkle..

Five….Four….Three….

“Ah, Kotarou..” the young-visage of her Mother called, waving her hand. “Is..is everything okay hone..”

“Nnghhhhaaaa…”

Kotarou couldn’t fight it anymore…. The pressure had been too much, and with the last step towards her home, her body involuntarily relaxed…

Crrrkle….brrrlgggggh...crkl...brrrlgh..

As her tummy aggressively emptied it’s contents into the seat of her panties, and jeans. A trail could be seen descending from her bottom as she fell to her knees, unable to do anything but go.

“A...Awaaaa...Aawaaaa….M..M..Mooooom…”

Kotarou could feel her face burning with shame as she faltered in front of her most important person… her own mother, all from a bit of carelessness on her part. She was shaming in front of the whole pack again, for the first time in years…

Would they challenge her authority again? Would she get admonished? Would she be retired as a police dog for this shame? A million thoughts all ran through her mind..

“Oh Kotarou honey..” Her mom called, hugging her close with her slender body. “It’s okay… It’ll be okay… Don’t worry.”

Kotarou sniffled and bawled into her Mom’s chest, squeezing her tightly. No matter how many times she faltered, or how scared she could get… No matter what fears could gnaw at her during moments like this..

She always managed to make Kotarou feel better.

After Mom put away the other dogs, the two went to take a bath together, where she explained her folly, and the topic was addressed directly.

Mom had deliberately never stocked chocolate, for fear of the curious animals getting ahold of it, and suffering like Kotarou had. The girl felt bad, but she was forgiven for her impulsive actions….

And, of course, she was praised for helping the cat girl as well.

“But, you know..” Mom called, as Kotarou felt her guts stirring again. “If you keep having incidents like this…I might have to put you in some protective garments. Just until your body settles.”

Kotarou blushed deeply at this, even as she started towards the toilet.

“M..Mom, please…” she stammered. “If..If the others saw me like that…”

The thought was too embarrassing, but at the same time...If the alternative was making a mess like she had….

*008*2020-09-25 17:41

Also this is a cue/reminder i do Mini comms on the omo.org discord.

