Revolution!

Author: Linkx

*000*2015-01-02 20:30

Welcome to another installment of how can I be horrible to my characters. Although for this campaign I have co-opted a WOTC character which I make no claims to Aurelia and Blooper has claimed Akroma for his own.

As a warning this story does have a rape in it. It is not something I condone or eroticize I just thought I would point it out, it's not explicit but the King is a really evil man x.x I don't think it's against the TOS but I can reupload with the brief part cut out if necessary.

Anyway, with all the disclaimers out of the way here we are. Originally it was suppose to be much shorter but it kept going on and on and turned out much longer than intended.

Fall From a Broken Realm

Aurelia the Treasonous

“Come on move!” she growled ushering people through the swirling vortex. The angel took off from her position with a gust from her powerful wings. Flying overhead she surveyed the burning wreckage of their once great city. It was lost, the entire plane was overrun by the seemingly endless Metaxian forces. While the Elholm Angels made a valiant stand slaying swaths of the dark forces in the end only the capital city remain and now only just. She took in the once grand city as she flew letting out a sigh as the city and all its refugees evacuated through the dimensional gateway.

It was a last ditch effort to save the denizens of the realm and so far it was going smoothly. The heroic vanguards still fought among the city streets staying off the waves of attackers selflessly sacrificing themselves so that the others would have enough time to flee. The red hair flowed through the sky as she flew. Her armor bore the scars of constant fighting. The bags under her eyes were indicative of the lack of sleep she'd experienced in the past few days.

The remaining stragglers were finally clear of the portal and she knew it was time to signal the remaining fighters to evacuate if they could before the planar gate deteriorated. Landing atop the large still untouched spire of the royal Hierophants she dashed to the large horn and breathed through it blowing out the deep rumbling signal to the rest of the vanguards in the city. She prayed that her forces were still alive and had heard the signal. Taking a deep breath she blew a second resounding blast of noise through the city. Sensing the evil presence creeping behind her she drew her swords without hesitation. Whirling around she eviscerated the Metaxian soldier into two lifeless twitching lumps.

The sound of buffeting air filled her ears as another angelic form landed beside her. “Warleader, the remaining Vanguards are retreating to the portal! We should be moving.” he said near out of breath his swords covered in the oozing blood of the wicked. She nodded at one of her most trusted advisers before they leapt over the railing taking flight towards the portal. All over the city similar figures rose from the streets streaming towards the portal. The dauntless vanguards had fought their last battle and while it pained Aurelia to abandon the once great city she knew fighting to the death a foolish choice. It was better to let the realm collapse under the imbalance of magic than sacrifice life needlessly.

Every inhabitant had contributed what magic they could in assistance of creating such a powerful portal needed to transcend planes. She stared at the swirling portal that loomed on the raised dais. The other angelic soldiers began to land behind her some dripping with the blood of their enemies some wounded. When the last of the soldiers had landed she began orating. Urgency filled her commanding voice as she spoke with her comrades. “Vanguards, never forget those who laid down their lives today. With your valiant deeds today we have secured our peoples safety and eternal gratitude. I do not know where we will end up but the chance to start anew is not given lightly. Into the portal and do not look back!” She commanded as all those around her saluted. Despite being a petite seven and a half feet tall her voice held a presence that kept the other soldiers rapt in her words before they made their way through the portal.

When she was the sole remaining citizen she turned walking backwards towards the portal she gave one last look of longing at her home. She was almost swayed by the temptation to stay and fight until the end and go in a blaze of glory. She shook her head and dismissed the crazy notion stepping through the portal. As she began phasing through she saw him; one of the Grand Viziers riding his massive winged serpent. Leveling his staff at the portal he fired a powerful bolt of necrotic energy. She raised her hands instinctively but she was consumed by the portal as the magic collided into the gate. Having already begun to destabilize the portal entrance dissipated from existence as Aurelia was torn from one plane of reality to another her destination thrown off by the interfering magic.

One second she was in the capital city and in an instant she felt as if her very soul was being torn from her body as she plummeted through dimensions. As suddenly as she found herself stepping through the portal she found herself materializing midair hurtling towards the ground. The angel panicked, trying to find the strength to move her powerful wings to stabilize her descent. She could only muster a few beats of her wings before plummeting through the branches of a waiting tree crashing into the ground.

The commotion of her sudden fall from the sky startled the surrounding people who after taking cover slowly made their way out to see what had landed in the middle of the park. She didn't think she could stand if she tried. Every fiber of her being screamed in pain as she slowly rolled over trying to gather her bearings. “R...radiant? Fearless?...” she called out weakly for some of the vanguards that served under her. All she heard were the murmurs of the Hybernian capital city's denizens.

“Is that... an angel?”

“It can't be...”

“Did she just fall from the sky?” The people muttered amongst themselves all keeping their distance surrounding the armored angel. Living under the tyrant mage king it certainly wasn't the strangest thing ever witnessed however it was not every day where a gorgeous angelic vanguard plummeted to the ground in the capital city. The people were shortly dispatched as the rythmic tromping of steel greaves echoed in her ears. As her vision finally sharpened she was greeted by a regiment of the capital's guard. Ultimately pulling herself to her feet she winced at the sharp pain from one of her wings.

“Injured... possibly broken.” she muttered to herself. To her surprise the soldiers all drew their swords holding them at the angel who stared wide eyed holding her hands up in sheer confusion. “W...what's going on where am I!?” she asked aloud her voice filled with unease. The captain of the guard stepped forward ignoring her question. “Under the order of the High King Lord Kerric you are under arrest for trespassing on the sovereign ground of Eastwall, capital of Hybernia. Whatever nation you represent has declared war on Hybernia and you will be the first to fall under the might of our king!” he proclaimed aloud.

She stared on in disbelief. Tresspassing? Act of war? This couldn't be right she shook her head trying to make sense of it all. She briefly considered trying to dart away into the sky, but with her injured wing and many of the soldiers having a crossbow strapped to their back she decided it best not to risk ending up taking hail of bolts. Surely this was all a misunderstanding. She would be given an audience with King Kerric and diplomacy and tact would prevail to settle this whole issue.

She winced as the guardsmen grabbed her, roughly binding her wrists behind her back. She hadn't noticed it before but it was rather peculiar. In her realm she was considered petite at only seven and a half feet tall whereas the average was somewhere closer to eight, some of the larger angels even upwards of ten bordering on eleven feet tall. Here though even the larger soldiers couldn't match her height and in her armor she towered over some of the smaller figures. She winced limping through the streets surrounded by the soldiers. She made note of her surroundings as they marched her through the streets towards the palace. While it couldn't match the splendor of home the capital city as they called it was quite impressive.

She stayed silent for the duration of the march. The captured angel was awestruck when they arrived in the palace. Orbs of light suspended by magic illuminated the oppulent but sinister surroundings. It was clear no expense was skimped upon when it came to designing the war palace of this wicked king. After what seemed like ages they arrived in the throne room where the king sat looking out over his city through a large window. “Ahhh yes, the intruder.” he said his voice dripping with disdain. Turning to address the room he walked slowly towards the angel. She bowed immediately showing her respects hoping they could solve this little issue with words as she was in no position to use force. He wore the appearance of a battle mage rather than a king. His robes were adorned with gold and jewels however he looked as if at a moment’s notice he would be ready for battle.

“My apologies King, I did not mean to disturb the sanctity of your capital. It was by complete chance I ended up in your city.” she began explaining. He nodded pretending to listen. “Guards remove her visage.” he commanded curious to see the face behind the voice of the towering woman. One of the guards walked up from behind her undoing the various straps and buckles that held her helmet on and slowly pulled it away. With the helmet removed her porcelain skin was revealed. Kerric paused for a moment seemingly stunned not having expecting such an elegant beauty to reside underneath the helm. She continued her impassioned plea for mercy further explaining her situation. “I am lost and alone. I would bid your permission to search your lands for my people and if they are not there I will move my search elsewhere.” she said finishing her short diatribe. The king circled her as she spoke every so often reaching out caressing her wing out of curiosity or touching her angel forged armor.

When she finished speaking he stopped in front of her staring deep into her sparkling eyes. Feigning deep thought he grinned. “No. I would be a fool to grant such freedom to an enemy agent, especially one with such a silver tongue as yourself. I will not grant you any such freedom. You will be taken to the dungeon immediately and tomorrow you will face execution for even entertaining the notion you could infiltrate my kingdom.” he proclaimed aloud to all in the room. She could barely believe the words coming from his mouth, executed... “W...wait, no... king please I beseech you reconsider!” she stammered as he motioned for the guards to drag her away. He stood with a twisted smirk watching her squirm and struggle as the guards forced her out of the room.

Once they were out of the room her demeanor changed entirely now that it was past the point of diplomacy. She struggled harder the guards having difficulty restraining the powerful woman. “By Sarenrae's wrath I will see each of you slain!” she growled threateningly. “I will watch Kerric's empire burn under the blazing retribution of the righteous!” she shouted until more guards arrived one managing to wrap a scrap of rag around her mouth silencing the vengeful angel somewhat. Forcing her into the cell they began the arduous task of removing her armor. It was to be delivered to the king's personal trophy room on his request.

Eventually the plate mail was removed and she stood armorless wearing nothing but her fairly plain underclothes. It was a whirlwind of activity but as soon as she was removed of her armor she felt heavy bracelets of ferrous metal attached to her wrists and ankles. The soldiers scurried off taking various pieces of her armor with them until the solid steel gates clanked shut behind them. How had this all gone so horribly wrong she pondered to herself staring out at the cloudless sky through a grated window?

Lying on what could barely pass as a bed the gravity of her situation finally began to sink in. The fire with which she had struggled and cursed the soldiers faded and she stared at the dank stone ceiling of the dungeon. She was utterly alone, and tomorrow would be executed for actions beyond her control by a man she could see now had no goodness in his heart. The proud warrior finally broke down and began to weep. She felt powerless and frightened in this strange land; two emotions that were utterly alien to the once great vanguard. Eventually she managed to dry her eyes. Lamenting her situation she regretted not having stayed to die in glorious battle, at least then her death would be on her own terms.

She lay on the bed like a sculpture as time ticked inexorably by. Her only movement was a wince when the nagging from her bladder grew to an annoying level. Having noticed there was not even a chamber pot provided in the cell she just grit her teeth and held it. It was a maddeningly tedious prospect, waiting for you own death. She tried to shut her eyes and meditate but each time her mind ran wild concocting vivid scenes of her own execution. Time continued to drag on until late afternoon when the tedium of staring at the stone ceiling was broken by the clicking of a lock engaging.

An unseen door at the end of the hall opened and she heard heavy footsteps approaching her cell. The guard opened her cell door and placed an ornate tray with a generous helping of stewed meats and vegetables along with a goblet of wine. “Your last meal.” The guard stated before locking her cell door and leaving as promptly as he had arrived.

She ignored the interruption to her solitude but every so faintly the tantalizing smell of finely prepared food lured her up. Pulling herself out of the bed she stretched before sitting on the cold floor examining the food. Her stomach growled hungrily and she was quite hungry. She had barely nibbled a small breakfast the day of their final escape and it had been many hours since then she guessed. It smelled so good she just couldn’t resist. With the clumsy wooden spoon provided she dug in savoring the food as it was the only high point of her day.

She finished with a rather unladylike belch and looked at the glass of wine. It had made her quite thirsty but the idea of adding more liquid to sloshing contents of her bladder didn’t seem like a particularly wise idea. In the end she settled upon only drinking half the cup to quench her thirst. Feeling rather full and lethargic from the food she resumed her position lying in bed. This time however, her mind drifted to emptiness as she fell into a trance like state of relaxation aided by the satisfying fullness in her stomach.

She was entranced quite deeply despite the hay stuffed. The moon was high overhead when she was pulled from her meditation with a start as a painful cramp threatened her hold over her water. She grimaced feeling a rumble that worryingly signaled a need to do her secondary business as well. Crawling out of bed she realized she didn’t have many options. Moving to a corner of the room she slowly pulled down her pants and was about to remove her underwear so she could urinate on the floor like an animal. She stopped though hearing the familiar clicking of a lock disengaging and someone enter the hallway. Redressing herself she winced at the pressure her pants suddenly put back on her very full bladder. She rushed back to her bed pretending to sit nonchalantly as she was surprised to see the figure of Kerric watching her through the bars.

“Tis a shame I have to execute you.” He began before opening the door to her cell. “Up against that wall angel.” He pointed to a side of the cell as he issued the command. She couldn’t tell what the mage was playing at but just wishing to be alone so she could relieve herself in the corner she acquiesced without saying anything. He pulled a small gadget from his robe. She watched him sharply and when he pressed a button she heard a hum before the metal bracelets she wore were pulled towards the wall splaying her arms and legs apart. She was held fast and despite her straining muscles the iron bangles would barely budge against the magnetic force.

The angelic woman had worse problems yet. The sudden force of her legs being splayed apart caused her to leak urine into her underwear dampening the gusset. She blushed hotly at the childish act. She was the Warleader the mightiest of the Vanguards and here she was on the verge of urinating in her clothes like an incontinent babe. If the metaxian forces could see the predicament she found herself in now they would surely laugh themselves to death. “What is the meaning of this!?” she growled at him not able to keep herself cordial towards the king any longer. He ignored her frustrated question and brandished the device in front of her. “Isn’t magic such a wondrous force. Lightning powers this device. Run it along a wire and…“ he paused snapping his fingers.

“Any sort of iron is immediately restrained… although showing off my trinkets is not why I pay you this late night visit. I am a mere man angel. A man of flesh and blood like any other.” Her bowels trembled uneasily and her bladder ached for relief as she broke his gaze looking away. “You will look me in the eyes when I address you!” he shouted slapping her across the face. She winced feeling another spurt dampen her underwear this time rolling down her muscular thigh before being absorbed by her loose fitting cotton pants. “If you wish to skip the pleasantries though I am happy to oblige.” He said with a wicked smirk before grabbing her jaw forcing his lips against hers kissing her deeply. She went wide eyed as he violated her. His free hand massaged her breast through her tunic. Desperately she tried to pull away but she could barely move and his hand kept her head locked against his.

His free hand slowly made its way towards the join of her legs where her intimate regions were still hidden under her clothes. He kept kissing her ravenously but froze as his fingers brushed the wetness that had seeped into her pants. Pulling back he had a curious look on his face as he rubbed his fingers together before sniffing. His expression turned to one of disgust as he realized what the liquid what. “I thought I captured an angel not an incontinent toddler.” He taunted with a guffaw. “What is your title then, your armor was for fighting. I know you were a soldier of sorts.” He asked. When she remained silent he slapped her again and she yelped feeling another dribble leak from her tortured bladder. “Aurelia… warleader of the battlesworn vanguards.” She said quietly as he continued groping and prodding at her. His hand brushed her stomach and she winced at the slight pressure added to her bladder as she lost control for a brief moment a damp stain visible on her pants.

He just smirked “yes, the mighty warleader restrained and wetting herself like an invalid.” He laughed continuing to taunt her as he kept one groping her with one hand and with the other began kneeding her bladder. She gasped squirming under him but it was no use. Her urge was great and his fingers felt of stone as he kneeded and jabbed at her bladder. She choked back a sob feeling her control slowly falter accompanied by a muffled hiss. The liquid began flowing down her legs as well as pooling in her pants before saturating the fabric and splashing noisily onto the floor. The king took a step back leaving the angel to empty her bladder uncontrollably admiring his handiwork.

“Pathetic, calling yourself a soldier when you’re not even house broken.” He continued berating her as he pulled out a small dagger cutting off her pants leaving the shredded cloth in a sodden heap in the puddle beneath her. Gripping the material of her underwear he tugged it up digging the fabric humiliatingly into her nether region. She began crying in earnest once again but the king cared not as he disrobed.

It was the single most degrading experience of her life. She felt her panties pulled to the side before the nauseating act began. Clenching her fists she shut her eyes trying to block out the world around her. All she could hear were the rhythmic movements and animalistic grunts and moans of the king as he violated her. The angel could only tremble in impotent rage as she felt her very womanhood taken from her and worse yet the painful rumbling in her bowels had only intensified. It went on a seemingly endless amount of time and she could only hold off the physical stirrings of pleasure for so long.

Revolted with her body she groaned feeling ripples of pleasure intermingling with the overwhelming pain of needing to relieve herself. She panted doing her best to control herself when she felt it he suddenly twitched and held her sides tightly. The feeling almost made her throw up as she felt him release inside her. Thick sticky white liquid dripped from her disgraced slit as he removed himself and began to redress. Panting she caught her breath her wild red hair matted by sweat. She allowed herself a small smirk feeling a sense of victory as she’d not let him make her climax or possibly worse; soil herself she thought feeling her bowels gurgle painfully again.

“See how benevolent I am angel? I give you one last night of pleasure before your death. The women of my kingdom would give anything to lay with me. You should feel honored I chose you for tonight.” She just scoffed defiantly “The only thing I felt was an impotent king’s pathetic excuse for manhood trying desperately to satisfy a woman; something it’s probably nev…” she never finished her insult before the king clenched his fist delivering a blow across her jaw. She turned her head back to face him and saw his enraged expression and just smirked her high constitution paying off as she shrugged off the hit. The angel then performed possibly the rudest act she’d ever done and spit in the man’s face which only enraged him further.

“You should know your place angel.” He said coldly before his eyes began to glow and he raised his hands unleashing a gout of lightning arcing from his palms. The magic slammed into her and her whole world spun. Her muscles spasmed in pain contorting against her restraints as he brutally electrocuted her. When he finally stopped the smell of piss intermingled with singed skin made hung thick in the air of the cell. She twitched against the restraints left over currents of magic running through her body, her breathing ragged and shallow. Her eyes fluttered open in time to see him delivering another blow to her cheek. This time she did not shrug it off weakened by the magic she grunted in pain. He didn’t relent delivering solid blow after blow ruthlessly beating the helpless outsider. Even with her otherworldly strength she was no match for the wizard.

Each blow tested her control and soon all she could do was struggle to keep her muscles clenched in a desperate bid to keep from soiling herself. She grunted and whimpered under each blow feeling the solid mass threatening to force its way through her anus. It finally happened as he delivered a rather painful uppercut to her lower stomach. She coughed eyes wide as the scene seemed to slow down for her flecks of blood and saliva spraying from her mouth. Her body was no longer obeying her mind as her muscles began to push instinctively. The king pulled back momentarily giving her reprieve as he noticed the sudden helpless look on her face. He wrinkled his nose as he was assaulted by the foul smell of his prisoner soiling herself. The relief was overwhelming as each log of shit was expelled from her body smushing against her underwear.

The seat of her once clean panties bulged out drooping from the angels disgusting excrement. The king’s laughter once again filled her ears drowning out the wet crackling noise of her bowel movement. “You fetid little thing, you couldn’t even control yourself and defecated in your clothing.” He taunted. Fanning the air mockingly he sneered. “I am going to take my leave before the stench of your poopy accident fills this entire cell block. She said nothing only looked down in shame her cheeks glowing with humiliation at Kerric’s words. The king left her hanging by her wrists to dangle in her own filth. She could only glare at the king as he left and she was completely overwhelmed by the night’s events. It was then, she did not know how and she did not know when but she would see his kingdom burn.

She had completely lost track of time but her arms ached from hanging as she did. The sticky sickly feeling of her own shit pressed against her skin along with the filthy stench made her perpetually sick to her stomach. To make things worse the urine that had doused her legs left them with a maddening itch that no matter how hard she squirmed against her restraints she could not sate. The once proud Vanguard was a pitiful sight. Her eyes only half open she snapped to attention seeing the sudden flicker of movement that seemed to dart under her bed. “What was that!?” she shouted squirming fruitlessly against her bonds.

She stared intently against her bed waiting for whatever she had seen to emerge but after minutes of nothing resigned herself to her mind playing tricks on her in her hour of despair. She returned to her miserable state of dejection before it darted out from under her bed. She let out a piercing shriek as it came into full view. It was a hideous creature mangy mottled fur and beady black eyes. It was nothing she’d ever seen before and she let out a whimper calling for help. “Gu…Guard! There’s a creature in my cell!” she called out her voice trembling as she caught sight of its large fangs. She writhed and twisted as the strange creature approached her foot.

“Guaaaaard!” she cried out again as the thing began sniffing her foot. She heard the disengaging of the lock at the hall and a gruff voice call out “quit yer screaming I’m right here.” She let out a yelp in pain as she felt it sink its large teeth into her foot before retreating to the middle of her cell staring up at the angel her blood dripping from its mouth. The guard gagged at the smell as he approached her cell fanning the air.

“What is it?” he snapped at her angrily. “Th…that beast in the middle of my cell! It.. it bit me!” she stammered out as the guard looked at her rather perplexed not seeing anything before he turned his gaze down. “What do you mean the rat? They not have those where you come from?” He guffawed in disbelief that the massive woman was screaming about a little rat. “I… just remove it from my cell this instant!” she demanded. “You know, you’re being executed for treason tomorrow if anything I should ask for all the rats in Eastwall be brought to your cell!” he said with a smirk as her face paled and she looked at him helplessly.

With a heavy iron click he entered her cell slowly sneaking upon the statuesque creature before swooping it up in his hands. “I see he’s already taken a nibble.” He noted aloud seeing the blood staining its mandibles. She breathed a sigh of relief seeing him capture the repulsive beast but her relief was short lived as he approached her holding the rat out with an evil grin.

“See, just a harmless little rat.” He said with a chuckle watching the angel squirm in her restraints trying to move as far away from the creature when he held it to her face. “It just wants a kiss” he said mockingly holding it mere inches from her face. It snapped at her gnashing its jagged teeth together before hissing in anger. The sudden terrible noise combined with the twisted face of a creature she’d never encountered before frightened the angel. The small amount of liquid that had accumulated in her bladder began dribbling out rewarming her still damp underwear slowly making her thighs glisten with wetness once again. The guard guffawed again seeing her terrified reaction and tossed the rat to the ground as he left locking the cell behind him. The rat quickly scampered off after its impromptu flight which mercifully left a blushing Aurelia alone for the remainder of the night.

Doing her best to ignore the intense ache from not being able to sit or stand she spent her last hours meditating, praying to Sarenrae begging for forgiveness for her childish misdeeds unbecoming of a vanguard; as well as praying for the strength to somehow against all odds escape. In the middle of one of her prayers she heard voices as the locks disengaged at the end of the hall. Without warning the magnetic force restraining her wrists and ankles dissipated. The fell to her hands and knees but her stiff muscles sore from being held in their awkward positions for so long gave out and she landed on her stomach.

It was glorious agony as her muscles slowly acclimated to freedom. She could only catch snippets of the voices speaking. She recognized the king speaking “Bind her wrists… bring her as she is.” Aurelia shuddered not even being given the dignity to face her execution in clean underclothes. Moments later soldiers flooded her cell ignoring her messy condition tying her wrists roughly behind her back before escorting her out of the cell.

It was a long walk and the soldiers gave her no reprieve as her legs stumbled only shoving her along until they reached a large central platform. The king was waiting with that wicked smirk he always seems to wear. A few others stood by his side but Aurelia knew not who they were nor did she care to. Next to them the looming figure of the hooded executioner. Each step was torture enough as a rash had begun growing between her legs kept in contact with her waste so long. Finally she was shoved roughly on stage one guard accompanying her as she nearly stumbled falling on her face. A large crowed stared on and Aurelia could not bear to look out at the sea of faces.

“My people.” The king began, magically amplifying his voice. “This is the face of those who betray me and this is their fate. Executed, wallowing in their cowardice having marveled at my power! This agent was sent to infiltrate my land gain my secrets right under my own nose under the guise of innocence. Let this be a lesson to those who would think to challenge my hand. There is no one who can escape my wrath should they turn against me not even the holiest of creatures.” He finished his monologue and signaled to the executioner.

She couldn’t help but tremble with rage at his twisted words and the moment he finished she knew her opportunity was now. With everyone applauding the king she sprung. Having her wrists restrained made things difficult but she managed deliver a staggering kick to the guard accompanying her on stage sending him flying off the platform into a handful of other soldiers before lunging at the approaching executioner. She threw all her weight into the blow knocking the barrel chested man backwards and off balance. As he stumbled back nearly landing on the king she leapt unfurling her wings and darting into the air. It was an awkward thing flying with her hands behind her back but she made do as she took off shooting through the streets staying as low as possible. She heard the king crying out in rage as he shoved the executioner aside. “Fire, soldiers, do not let her live!”

It started as a single bolt whizzing by followed by another then another. Soon she was flying through a hail of crossbow fire flying as wildly as she could to avoid projectiles. Soldiers seemed to pour for every street corner firing at her as she made a frantic bid for freedom. The wall of the city came into view and renewed her vigor as she found a burst of speed shooting towards freedom. A wayward bolt struck her wing piercing straight through. Her wing felt afire as she saw the crimson stain radiating from the bolt hole. Momentarily she lost altitude and cried out from the pain of pushing so hard with a brutal injury. She was barely fazed and continued her path and seconds later she was over the wall not before she felt another bolt tear into her flesh. The rod lodged itself deep in her arm and she struggled against her bindings wanting nothing more than to clutch her upper arm to soothe the pain.

While the tools of war did little to slow her down the king was not letting his prize catch slip away so easily. She had thought herself home free until she saw the storm cloud rapidly converging above her position. The crystalline blue of the ocean lay beneath her and she could see the sands of the beach. The first roll of thunder shook her body with concussive force as a blistering bolt of lightning arced to the water below. Another bolt and another as the storm intensified and seemed to be focussing on her. Lightning seared the sky and finally a powerful bolt connected as she made her way towards the shore.

Her hole body tensed up as she plummeted from the sky. The electrified angel felt numb all over as she teetered between consciousness and the warm caress of unconsciousness. The only sensation was the air wooshing faster and faster around her as she approached terminal velocity. Like a shot of adrenaline she slapped clumsily into the icy waters of the Eastwall coast. The chilling water sharpened her attention and despite careening wildly into the water she managed to kick her way to the surface sputtering and gasping for breath. She struggled with every last ounce of strength trying to make it ashore. Her wings sodden with sea water only weighed her down and with her wrists bound she constantly found herself dipping underwater inhaling large gulps of the salty brine.

The light was fading quickly as she fought against the large waves each breath becoming more labored and she hacked trying to expel the water that was attempting to drown her. One last wave, one last kick. She kept repeating it to herself until the white wash of the breakwater finally tumbled her ashore. She shuddered coughing trying to rid herself of the water and finally vomited in between gasping for air as the sweet tendrils of unconsciousness enveloped the angel.

Meanwhile a good many yards from the beach a young cleric who had witnessed the whole thing. A peculiar girl who's stormy domain lent her many curious qualities of which Aurelia would come to know later. She had seen the angel emerge from over the walls in the distance she had just looked like a red spec but as she grew closer. Ari could make out the figure of a woman with wings? Then the sudden storm, the bolt of lightning and the figure washed up on shore. She wanted to help but knew better than to get any closer to the water. She saw the winged woman laying unconscious on the sand.

She tore down the path which she had walked down to watch the waves. “She needs help... who can I get? Who's close..” the wandering cleric not too familiar with the area fumbled over her thoughts trying to think of who she could ask for help. She didn't know many people in the area and had only met a few she had actually conversed with. “Fine I guess it has to be him...” she muttered as she kept running. Soon enough she had come across a rather small cottage and pounded on the door.

“N...Neji open up!” she said panting for breath. A few moments later and she found herself looking down at the gnome. “Oh, it's you.” the mage said with a grin looking at the cleric. “Rethink my offer?” he asked with a perverse grin. Ari just twitched in annoyance and just pointed back the way she had ran. “No.... woman... washed up on the beach escaped from eastwall!” she shouted between catching her breath. “So someone flew the coup why should I care?” the short mage asked crossing his arms. The cleric just glared sharply before shouting. “I... I think she's an angel... and she has big boobs!” she could almost smack herself for saying that but it was sure to get the lecherous gnomes attention.

“Well why didn't you say so, the Kerric's soldiers are sure to be looking for her. Nobody just escapes out of Eastwall like that. If you carry me it'll be faster.” he said with a slight grin. “you know, short legs and all.” Ari just rolled her eyes but knelt letting him climb on her back. The cleric took off running this time weighted down by her companion who wouldn't have trouble dealing with water. A short while later they were arriving in the dunes a ways away from the water. The gnome hopped off seeing the mop of tangled red hair lapped at by the gentle water from the crashing of the waves. Scurrying towards the angels side he put his hand on her shuddering form.

“Oh dear...” he muttered as he checked her pulse relieved to find she had one. He put his ear to her mouth hearing her shallow breaths. “Well at least she's alive.” the gnome went around poking and prodding at her. She was indeed very attractive and enrapt in her beauty he failed to notice the detachment of king's soldiers searching for a body. Ari watched from the dunes wide eyed trying to signal the gnome somehow but didn't want to draw the attention of the soldiers to herself.

“You, gnome. Move away from the traitor.” one of the nameless soldiers said in a gruff voice. “By order of the king she is to die for treason.” The gnome looked at the soldiers in confusion. “Surely you must be mistaken...” he said holding his hands up. “Move it gnome, I aint ask ya, I'm telling!” he shouted drawing his sword prompting his compatriots to to the same as the began to surround him. “Fools...” the gnome's hands moved and began to glow as he muttered a single spell. The soldiers blinked in confusion before dropping to the ground in a deep slumber. “That's better, those buffons trying to get in between me and this angelic beauty. Ok darling I'll be gentle I promise. Up you go.” he cast another spell the angels body suddenly floating. Looking around to make sure there were no more of the king's buffoons around he began pushing the dripping angel. Ari kept her distance from the soaking wet woman and the trio made their way back to the gnome's cottage.

They arrived at the small domicile and paused out front. “Ok, Ari she needs a few things. First, given your shocking nature I'm going to clean her up. She had a bit of an accident and has a rash that needs taking care of. I need you to fetch some bandages from town she's got two deep wounds and the bandages I have will need to be changed so best we have spares.” He flicked his hands at the cleric who still stared at the large woman for once taking in her size doing her best to ignore the brown stain smudged on her panties. “Ahhh yes... I'll be back.” she said before taking off quickly towards the nearest outpost.

“Now you my dear... what happened to you. How did Kerric get his grubby little power mad hands on you.” he said as he ran his hand over her thigh. Pulling out his dagger he sliced the rope binding her wrist and freed her arms. “Sorry about this lass but I think you'll prefer some clean dry clothes.” he said with a chuckle at the thought of her reaction. He gingerly removed her soiled underwear most of her solid waste having been washed away by her impromptu dip in the ocean. He removed her shirt taking a good look at her ample chest underneath before running inside grabbing damp cloth. With a gentle touch he wiped away the last of her mess and frowned at the irritated skin before turning his attention to her soaked clothes.

He snapped his fingers and with a bit of prestidigitation her underclothes found themselves mostly clean and dry once again. Grabbing her underwear he slowly slipped the clothes up her length legs before moving to her upper body. “Got to take care of that bolt before I let you sleep. Ok, take a deep breath” he said with a chuckle as he wrapped both hands around the protruding projectile. With a hearty yank the rod was pulled free and blood gushed from the wound. Dutifully he began bandaging the deep would doing the best he could on such short notice. “That'll have to do for now.” he said with an approving nod before slipping her back into her shirt. With the angel still floating he moved her inside dropping her on his bed.

It was a rather awkward sight, the seven foot angel sprawled out overhanging the small person's bed. “That's all I got. So no complaining about the accommodations” he said with a chuckle as he grabbed a thick blanket tossing it over the sleep angels form. Aurelia slept for the remainder of the day and well into the next morning.

Ari had returned and was outside with Neji as she prepared them both a bite to eat as they waited to see if the sleeping outsider would recover. Partway through their first bite the heard it a sudden burst of noise and chaos from inside the house. “I um think she's up!” the gnome shouted running to open the door. Aurelia had woken with a start unfurling her large wings in the small living area she began to panic her extra appendages not suited for such a small room sent all sorts of trinkets and decorations clattering to the ground. “Whoa... calm down calm down!” The gnome yelled holding his hands out “You're going to destroy my house.” he shouted trying to get her attention.

“Y..you? Who are you?! What's going on where am I what of the king!?” she slurred her questions launching them rapid fire as Ari came in behind the gnome. “It's ok, we helped you off that beach.” he began to explain. Aurelia nodded tossing back the blanket freezing as she did however when she looked down. The sheets were sodden and the small bed was near entirely soaked with her own urine. The mage just laughed “That's a nice map of Hybernia you painted in yer sleep.” The angel looked at him and the cleric wide eyed as a blush overwhelmed her face. “I... I never even... it.... I'm sorry... I...” Neji just shook his head “look you slept for an entire day... just head outside and I'll help you clean up again.” The angel got out of bed nearly having to crawl out of the cottage blushing again as she heard the gnome muttering about his bed being nearly completely soaked.

She stretched in the morning sunlight feeling her aches and pains encompass her body. She was just happy to be free of the king's bondage and alive. “Wait... again?” she asked when the gnome joined them outside. “Yes, again. I wasn't just going to let that rash of yours get worse while you slept in your soiled undies. I swear I didn't look more than necessary.” he said with a grin. She just sighed and muttered a quiet thank you before letting out a subdued yelp feeling her clothes prestidigitated clean once again.

“What on earth was that?!” she exclaimed. “Just making you dry again. You can thank me later.” The angel clenched her fist and scowled. “Kerric, he's going to pay. I will see his empire burn. I have looked into his eyes and Sarenrae has judged his wickedness through me. By the Vanguard's righteous fire he will be purged! I hereby don the title The Treasonous with pride as my first act of defiance in the face of Kerric's madness!” she said her voice carrying the strength of her presence as the other two just stared giving each other confused looks.

*001*2015-01-02 20:47

And Blooper's much more reasonably lengthed tale of the secretly perverted stalker angel who comes to aid Aurelia more in a bid to get in her pants >.>;;

First Night on Earth

(Akroma’s POV)

I closed my eyes, shutting out the sight of another city falling to the Metaxians. I still couldn’t believe Sandalphon refused to send help to our fellow angels, even if we haven’t always had the friendliest of relations in the past. The thought of Sandalphon pushed my anger even higher, and I angrily exited my house, slamming the door behind me. As I walked down the street, I saw the mighty palace of the King of Heaven and just shook my head in disgust. He had all the might of the Seven Mounting Heavens of Celestia behind him and he still refused to try and stop the Metaxian advance. They’d reach us too eventually, and we won’t have any allies left when they do.

I headed to the training area clear my head, and take out my anger on some poor recruits. I hadn’t been there in a while, and there was bound to be some new hotshots who didn’t know who I was or didn’t believe my prowess because of my size. I stand an even six feet tall, which is normal for a Ghaele or mortal races, but many angels are much larger. I walked on to the training grounds, searching for a good target. A few angels were gathered watching a massive Solar defeat a team of three smaller Planetars. I stepped up to watch, and got an excellent view of one of the Planetars falling to her knees, the Solar’s dancing practice sword taking her from behind and striking her repeatedly. The angel, driven to her knees by the blows, blushed deeply as her tight leather leggings and underwear were quickly soaked with urine, and she teleported off the field in shame.

The other two Planetars the Solar engaged directly, bringing its massive practice sword slamming across. One managed to dodge, but the other took the hit square in the chest, and was launched a good distance away, and I assume she soiled herself in the process. She flew too far away to tell for certain however, and she slunk away from the field avoiding giving me a good view. The Solar turned to the last Planetar, and as the Solar’s dancing blade floated in behind her, a hissing sound could be heard as the Planetar’s tight leather shorts became saturated with a flood of pee. The back bulged out as well, waves of soft poop, expelled by fear as she was hopelessly surrounded, and the Solar began to laugh. Tears fell from the Planetar’s eyes, and she conceded defeat, to the laughter of many nearby angels. Slinking off the field in shame, she avoided meeting my gaze as I watched her go.

I stepped onto the field, and the Solar looked at me incredulously. She stood at least twice my height, and a normal Ghaele was weaker than a Planetar by far, much less a Solar. I’m not a normal Ghaele, however. I’m a Sentinel of Sandalphon, and not even a Solar has any business fighting me unless they’re much more powerful than your average Solar. “Let’s go” I told her, and she shrugged, her dancing sword returning to her side. I summoned a blade of light, bigger than me, meant to deal non-lethal damage. The Solar was taken aback by my sword, it’s size matching her own, despite our size difference, but she shrugged it off.

A sound went off signaling the matches start, and she charged at me, her dancing sword and held sword working in a concerted attack pattern. I brought my blade in a devastating upwards slash, catching both of her blades and throwing them into the air. Dressed in nothing but panties and a metal breastpiece the her leak was very obvious as my surprising strength started her and caused a bit of fear to worm it’s way into her bladder.

A few snickers could be heard from the crowd, and she angrily jumped back to retrieve her weapons, summoning a barrage of magical blades towards me as she did. Following close behind, I summoned a wall of force, which her barrage of blades sparked off of and she just barely managed to stop herself from hitting. She glared through the wall of force, but I was already gone, leaving behind only a short lived illusion as I appeared behind her. When she felt the blade of my sword at her neck, surprisingly similar to the feel of cold steel, it was too much for her confidence, and the massive woman’s underwear was flooded with a powerful stream of pee. The hissing was deafening as some fell between her legs and more ran down them. Blushing fiercely she dropped her sword and dismissed her dancing blade, conceding defeat rather than risk further soiling. Somewhat satisfied, I left that area, wandering the massive training grounds for another good target.

Soon enough, I found two other Sentinels training, with a third watching. I didn’t know them personally, but their distinctive blades of light marked them to me. Walking over, I watched the two male Sentinels fight to a draw, neither able to gain the advantage. Seemingly exhausted, they left the area. I turned to the female Sentinel who had been watching.

“Enjoying their show?” I asked her, and she smiled.

“Perhaps I was.” She responded.

I shook my head. My preferences tended towards other females, a rare preference especially among angels. “Care for a fight?” I asked, hoping to face a more competent opponent.

“I suppose”, she replied. Rising, we walked into the fighting area. I summoned my greatsword, and she brought two shimmering swords to life, wincing at the size of my weapon. I looked her up and down, analyzing her as best I could. She was a Ghaele as well, and about the same height. She was thin and athletic, as opposed to my full and muscled physique, and she was armored with a mithral chain shirt and skirt, which I occasionally could see a pair of black panties peeking out from under. We circled each other, neither wanting to make the first move. Finally, I stepped forward, sending my greatsword stabbing forward. She brought her twin swords up in a cross, attempting ot push my blade up and away, but as I stepped in with the thrust, I dismissed by blade and her swords flew up, the contact they were expecting gone.

Thrown off balance, she could only desperately try and bring her swords down as I stepped in and delivered a blow to her stomach, staggering her. A quick stream of pee trailed down her legs, and she stepped back defensively to recover. As she did, I called my blade once again, launching into a series of overhand strikes, driving her back to the edge of the designated area. Trapped, she desperately rolled forward, swords stabbing form two angels to force me to retreat or take the hit, her roll going inside the reach of my larger sword.

I stepped backward, a small leak staining my panties as I felt the tips of her blades barely miss me. Inside my reach, she pressed the attack, and I desperately defended with the close part of my blade, but she was driving me back. As my defense started to falter, my bladder did as well. I felt first one leak, then another, then another. My panties quickly became soaked, urine running down my legs as my bladder completely gave out in panic and fear. Her smile grew wider as she saw my weakness, and she continued her assault.

Enraged, I pressed back, and she was taken by surprise, the length of my blade pressing both her weapons back against her. I kept hold of my blade with one hand, the other reaching towards her, a dagger of light appearing in it. She cried out, but I had her swords trapped and she couldn’t bring them up to defend her. She dispelled one and raised her hand, but it was too late. My dagger of light pierced her chest, and she fell to her knees, her other weapon dissipating. I raised my greatsword above her, and she trembled, a waterfall of urine pouring out from under her skirt, drenching her panties and forming a puddle beneath her.

I brought my blade down towards her, and a crackling noise was clearly audible as her approaching doom destroyed any control she had left, and a solid lump of poo filled her panties. As she messed herself uncontrollably, she fainted. I dispelled my weapons, catching her before she could hit the ground, healing light flowing from my hand and closing the wound on her breast. I carried her to one of the benches for spectators and laid her down there, wincing as her mess squished against the bench. I quickly left the training grounds, my anger worked out and replaced by embarrassment at my saturated underwear.

I managed to escape the sparsely populated training grounds without drawing any attention to my damp state. When I reached my home, I shut and locked the door, heading to my room and quickly stripping off my panties and meager armor. I cleaned off my leggings, making sure the urine wouldn’t do any lasting damage, and tossed the panties in the wash pile. Stepping in to the shower, I cleaned myself off, scrubbing my legs and private area particularly well.

Once I was satisfied any trace of my accident was removed, I left the shower, drying off and donning a new pair of panties before flopping down on my bed, the close encounter and accident having drained the energy from me. Soon enough, I was asleep, along with most of the other inhabitant of the Mounting Heavens at this time. Angels don’t technically have to sleep, but most prefer it to being awake all night as our bodies rest to recover energy. I dreamt of the battle that night, much to my dismay. My sleep was restless, although luckily that matters a lot less for an angel than a mortal being.

The next morning, I awoke at the same time I do every morning, rising and walking into my kitchen still dressed in only a pink light blue of panties. I made myself breakfast, and once it was ready, walked out and activated my Mirror of Mental Prowess, turning its gaze once again to the Elholm’s struggle. My magical vision floating over the plane, I quickly spotted the last point of conflict. I fought back tears as I saw it was their capital, most of the city engulfed in fire or already ash. All that beauty, destroyed because of Sandalphon, because of his petty anger. I sent the sensor in for a better view and I saw the Elholm Vanguards fighting off forces everywhere within the city, buying the citizens time to reach a massive portal to the Prime Material, leading somewhere unknown on the plane of mortals. I simply sat and watched, frustrated there was nothing I could do, as more and more of the Vanguards fell to the Metaxians.

Finally, at the sound of a mighty horn, the surviving Elholm soldiers fled towards the portal, using their unmatched swiftness to leave the Metaxians far behind. The last of the citizens vanished into the portal, and the Vanguards convened around it, a shorter woman seemingly in charge. Shorter, of course, meaning only around seven feet in height as opposed to the ten to twelve of most Elholm. I focused the sensor on the woman. She was dressed in the standard plate of a Vanguard, its composition solid light and holiness, though covered in scars from the fighting. Her hair was a brilliant red, and her features beautiful, though she was covered in grime form the heated combat. She gave a short speech to the soldiers and they began filing out the portal. She stood the furthest from the portal, obviously intent on being the last to leave.

Once everyone else was gone, she turned to look longingly at the city, and my heart went out to her. She had to leave her home, her realm behind. She looked so beautiful and sad, I couldn’t help but wish I could be with her, provide her some comfort. The angel turned away from the burning cityscape and headed to the portal. As she stepped in, a Grand Vizier came flying across the sky, his staff leveled at the portal. A blast of devastating negative energy struck the portal as she transitioned, and I cried out as the portal collapsed in on itself and she disappeared.

I quickly commanded the mirror to follow, and watched in horror as my view transitioned to that of a city, and the magnificent Vanguard lying crumpled in the street, one of the other Elholm to be seen. I watched in horror as she slowly rose, obviously injured, before soldiers surrounded her and escorted her towards a palace. The place was warded against my scrying, and I could only watch as the beautiful angel was lead to an unknown fate.

“I could rescue her!” I thought. But I could hardly leave Celestia, as a Sentinel my duty was to the defense of the plane, and with the Elholm down, the Metaxians were drawing ever closer. But the angel….. I laid back against the wall, thoughts racing through my head. Unable to decide, I donned my armor again, and left the house. Wandering the city in a daze, I went about the normalcies of my duties as a Sentinel as best I could, but my heart wasn’t in it. Eventually, I returned to my home, quickly showering before lying down on my bed, thoughts still raging through my mind. I didn’t sleep that night, but just lay there, thinking.

In the morning, I rose from my bed with new confidence. Duties be damned, I was going to help that angel. She needed me more than Sandalphon did, and deserved it much more than that fool. I pulled on my armor and grabbed a few clothes, storing them in my personal extra dimensional area before walking in to the main room of my home. Activating my mirror, I attempted to find the angel again. Time on the Prime Material passed differently than on other planes, and it was night there, the gorgeous angel asleep in a bed too small for a human, much less an Elholm. Frowning I watched in horror as urine slowly leaked from her, completely soaking the small bed. She was wetting the bed! She must have gone through some horrible things. I need to get there.

I commanded he mirror to gather information about her. It returned this description: The angel you are viewing is Aurelia, the warleader of the Elholm Vanguards. She has served many years as their commander, and is one of their bravest and most powerful soldiers. She has no known family or lovers currently alive.

I absorbed he information. A powerful warrior, and she had no lovers. Perfect. I dismissed the message, her name firmly imprinted in her mind. “Aurelia, stay strong.” I said quietly. “I’m coming to help.” I stepped through the mirror, and vanished onto the Prime Material.

*005*2015-01-07 04:50

{{:

Well, that was just about the best thing ever.

The world was pretty well realized, and the stories were both really good. Seems like the angels should issue diapers as a part of their warriors uniforms :P.

}}

Haha, thanks dude. It's another D&D campaign you're welcome to join. Would probably cut down on the amount of laundry they had to do but Blooper would probably murder everyone for using such things.

*007*2015-01-08 00:33

{{:

Your stories are awesome, Linkx! I feel like I get just as caught up in your worlds and characters as in... well...

}}

Sorry I didn't mean to skip you, thank you for your praise. That really means a lot!

