Alana's First Month At Uni

Author: Noot

*000*2021-10-15 19:56

This is another commission for @ed2

- PM me if you want anything for yourself! Again, it includes themes of alcohol and drug use, plus messing and some nudity. Enjoy!

###

For the fifth time that morning, Alana and her parents returned to the car they had parked a few minutes from Cavendish Student Accommodation. The air was still crisp outside, with it being barely after sunrise on a September Saturday. Traffic was beginning to beep and creak in the distance. Here, though, the last strands of peace and quiet in the city still survived for now. Light had even threatened to start peeking through the clouds, adding some warmth to the cool dryness of the concrete. Every now and then another car would roll past, looking for somewhere to stop.

The family had spent the last hour making the trip back and forth from their car to her new bedroom for the year. Every time they would take two or three bags each, then head down the road, into the building, up two flights of stairs, through the apartment door they'd propped open with a wedge and along the corridor until they reached the room right at the end- the room that Alana would occupy for the next nine months. At last they'd gotten the abundance of luggage down to the final few bags, and the task was almost complete.

Now they stood by the car, and Alana knew she wouldn't be getting in it again until Christmas.

"You guys don't have to come in with me," she told them, "I can take the last few bags myself, and my friends will be here soon". The five girls from her college that had been accepted by this university all managed to book themselves rooms in the same five-person apartment, none of them particularly fancying the prospect of shacking up with people they didn't know. With some co-ordination, they'd gotten an early word in and secured a single flat to share.

Alana's parents asked if she was sure, as she'd known they would do... and they were reluctant to let her go, as she'd known they would be. But she talked them around with some improvised lines about starting to be more independent, and soon enough she was hugging them in turn and promising to call them and be good. She loved her parents, really, but she'd also been looking forward to living away from home for the first time in her life. The five of them had so many plans for the trouble they'd get into without any adults around.

She stayed on the corner of the street and watched their little car pull away, somewhat ashamed of herself for not feeling as sad as she knew she should. When they were out of sight, she put one backpack around her left shoulder and one around her right, then picked up the last bag and turned away to get back to her new room. Even having her own room was an adventure to Alana. It felt great to be out of the cold again, and her electronic key buzzed satisfyingly when she held it against the lock to her dorm.

Though she would never in a million years have admitted it to her parents, there was another reason why Alana wanted to be alone now. Her body had been brewing up a poop all morning, it felt like, which hadn't been helped by the coffee she'd picked up at a drive-through Starbucks on the way there. Alana was a twice-a-day pooper: once in the morning, once in the evening. She liked to keep her body regular. Today, however, the hectic business of moving in had afforded her no time to empty her bowels. That was why she wanted some privacy.

Alana went into her new room and let the heavy door swing shut behind her as she set down her bags with the others. All in all, it was hard not to be thrilled with the place; it was at least twice the size of the bedroom she'd shared for most of her life. It even had a desk. And, as her mother had reminded her twenty minutes before, it would only look even bigger once the left wall wasn't lined with bags that needed unpacking. A king-sized bed sat at one end of the room, opposite the en suite.

Thus far, Alana hadn't found the time for more than a cursory glance into her new bathroom. Now she had all the time in the world. She flung the door wide open, at once both delighted and thrown off by the idea that she could simply leave it this way. There was no reason to close herself in- nobody else could get in here without a key, anyway. Sure, the bathroom itself wasn't the biggest, but Alana wasn't about to complain. It had a shower, a toilet, a sink and a mirror, and that was all a girl needed anyway.

As much as she still needed to take a dump, Alana was in no rush now. She decided she wanted a shower, to make up for missing out on one in the rush to leave the house earlier that morning. All of her bathroom stuff was in one bag, and that was the first thing she opened. From it she grabbed a bottle of shampoo, some conditioner, a body wash and a towel. She thought for a second, then went back and fished out a toilet roll. Alana always came prepared.

She stripped off down to the bare skin, revelling in the novelty of being free to walk around naked. Alana left every last piece of clothing on her new bed and wondered vaguely if anyone would be able to see her nude body through the window. Either way, she was confident in her own invisibility once she was in the bathroom, even if the door was left all the way open. That was a relief: she may not mind strangers seeing her tits or arse, but being observed while she was trying to take a shit was a very different matter. So she put her toiletries down where they belonged and sat on the loo, phone in her hands.

For a while nothing happened- Alana preferred to take her time on the toilet. She scrolled through social media, satisfied with letting nature take its course. When she felt movement, it didn't take much effort to earn the rewards. A thick, loose morning log snaked out of her bum, tailing off into the water to make way for the next piece. All the while Alana didn't take her eyes off of her phone. For her, pooping was a slow process, and she saw no reason to try and change that.

Once the first, biggest piece was out, things moved a lot more easily for Alana's bowels. That was almost always the way: she kicked things off with a nice, big log, before the remainder tumbled out as if the plug keeping it in had been removed. While the last of the poop pushed through her tight hole, Alana started to pee. She barely noticed, in truth; engrossed in her phone, she was more than happy to let her muscles work on autopilot. She hadn't had a difficult time with the bathroom since she was a child... well, sober, at least.

The last thing left to do was wipe. Alana's parents had insisted that she bring a dozen rolls of toilet paper to university with her, because they knew that she went through a lot. Two poops a day, always big, always wet... it would sometimes take her twenty sheets or more of hard wiping before she was satisfied that her butt was clean enough. One of the things she couldn't stand was pulling up her panties before the paper was coming away completely white. Usually that happened around the fifteenth doubled-up sheet. On a particularly gassy morning, more like twenty-fifth.

But when that paper was coming away pure, Alana flushed and chucked her phone across the room to land on her unmade bed. She'd always been a stickler for cleanliness when it came to her bathroom habits, which was why she was so nervous about what might happen later that night when everyone started drinking. She'd had enough booze before to have a pretty good idea of what happened to her bodily functions when she got drunk. It was enough to say that drunk Alana's carefree values when it came to hygiene didn't line up with sober Alana's strict rules.

Eager to try out her new shower, Alana pushed those thoughts to the back of her mind and jumped under the warm, powerful water. It felt so good to be able to stand under her own shower, knowing that she could take as long as she liked without any siblings or parents coming to knock on the door to tell her to hurry up. Hell, she didn't even close the door.

Alana washed herself until she couldn't get any cleaner. Her friends- her new flatmates- would be arriving in the next few hours, and she wanted to be at her best for them.

*002*2021-10-18 14:12

Until she'd actually arrived, Alana would never have guessed how long it would take to unpack all of her crap. At home, she swore it hadn't felt like she'd loaded up this many bags. Maybe it felt like less when the luggage was being carried between her and both parents; now that all the responsibility fell her way, she suddenly found herself drowning in an ocean of clothes she'd probably never need and towels she'd definitely never use. She didn't mind at all- it gave her something to put her mind to while she waited for her friends to arrive.

The first turned up not long before noon, hauling huge sacks that even made Alana's packing look modest. Becky was a short girl, and some of the bags she'd stuffed with clothes were almost as tall as her. Alana had to give her and her mum a hand just to get half of it up the stairs. Standing around five feet, with hair that could easily reach her waist when pulled straight, Becky had never been one for practicalities.

The two had met during A Level Business two years before, and each found the other easy to get along with. They both liked the same kinds of music and shared in the same senses of humour. And they both packed too much. Becky dragged the last of her bags into her room, a few doors down the hall from Alana. She left them there, sweating, announced that she'd unpack later (which they both knew meant 'next week') and promptly went out again with her mum, who wanted to take her out to lunch to celebrate the start of term. That left Alana on her own in the flat again, with nothing to do but sort out a few more bags.

Until, that was, Zoe arrived an hour later. Almost as short as Becky but with none of the natural slim figure, Zoe was the kind of person who was always smiling, even when it was clear to everyone else that she shouldn't be. Somehow, despite barely revising for any of her exams, she'd pulled through with a B in her Business A Level and been accepted by the university. The rest of the group had spent more of the buildup to results day worrying about Zoe's grade than their own, because they knew they were almost certain to be split up if she didn't get in. Alana had always thought that Zoe dressed like a kid, but in a way that was more endearing than irritating. Today she wore blue denim dungarees over a yellow t-shirt, with bright red sneakers. Whether it was her bubbly personality or the chubby, youthful round look her face wore, Zoe could just about pull off that kind of outfit, even if she regularly earned shocked looks from bartenders when she handed over her ID.

She'd barely packed anything; it seemed to Alana like her friend had rolled out of bed that morning, thrown a few things into a couple of bags and dragged them to Cavendish. A few shopping trips were in order if she was going to survive the winter. That wouldn't be a problem- Zoe's parents were loaded.

Alana could hear Zoe unpacking while she went for a pee in the middle of the day. The girl had been assigned the room next to Alana's, which happened to be furthest from the kitchen. The walls weren't exactly thick. Sitting there, letting a stream pour out of her and into the water, she could make out the sound of Zoe closing her closet.

Alana had already decided that she liked her new toilet. Even if the room was tiny, just the luxury of having it all to herself made things totally worth it. And she never had to feel claustrophobic because the door could always be kept open. Ventilation wasn't a problem, the sink was right next to the can... and it was only half a dozen steps or so from her bed, which was bound to come in plenty useful on nights when she woke up needing to go. It was a big improvement on home, where the bathroom was a short pilgrimage away from her bedroom. Usually she would try and hold it in until morning rather than face the walk through the dark, cold corridors.

Housemate number four moved in while Alana was trying to connect to the building's WiFi. When she heard who was with them, she decided to stay in her room. Megan was the posh girl of the group, which Alana had long since gotten used to, but her parents took it to another level. They were uptight snobs who looked down their noses at anyone with less money than them, as far as she was concerned. Megan had always carried an air of faint embarrassment whenever her friends had met her parents; Alana had no intention of running into them today.

So she kept sorting out her room quietly, pretending that she wasn't around. Only when she was sure the rich parents had gone home did Alana wander down the hall to say hi to Megan, who was unpacking with her door propped open. She looked as relieved as anyone not to be in the presence of those two anymore; while she still had plenty of her old posh tendencies, Alana had found that once you got to know Megan, she totally lacked the prejudices and judgemental tendencies of the people that had raised her.

A pretty blonde with eyes that could seem either blue or green on any given day, Megan was also the resident grade-getter of the group, and the only person whose acceptance at the university had never been in doubt. Alana was sure that the girl could have passed the exam with her eyes closed. She was also a lesbian, and had gotten so good at pretending she wasn't that she seemed to have to turn down a different boy every week.

All five families lived in the same area, so Alana was amused to see the wildly different times that each set of parents had decided to turn up. It was almost four in the afternoon by the time the fifth and final member of the group had been dropped off. To call Alex a tomboy would be putting it mildly- in their seven years of knowing each other, Alana had never seen the other woman with hair that went past her ears. She was tall, thin and proud of her flat chest. Like Zoe, she'd muddled through her exams, preferring to spend her free time with a guitar in her hands than a textbook. Her packing was industrious: three suitcases and a big, unceremonious sack full of clothes which she tossed carelessly onto her bed.

Alana went to help Alex unpack, seeing as she'd already more or less finished in her own room by that time. They talked about plans to check out the city the next day, find out what the best places to buy groceries were and what bus stops got the most regular service. All five rooms were basically identical, with only minor differences to the layout.

At last the five of them were alone, and it felt like the year could really get going. They gathered in the kitchen, each trying to assign themselves an equal share of the cupboard space, drawers and fridge-freezer shelves. Alex barely had enough cutlery and tools to fill a single tray, while Becky had to cram in half her possessions like sardines. Alana just sat back and watched, having tucked all of her kitchen stuff away before half of them had even set foot in the building. She was relaxing on a sofa at the back of the room, perfectly in line with the flatscreen TV hung on one wall.

They talked as they unpacked, making plans for their first night as students. There were plenty of deals around the city for freshers, and everyone had just got their student loans in to burn- the question was where to go. Again, Alana felt happy to let the more outspoken members of the group make the decisions. She preferred to tag along... and besides, she had something else on her mind.

When her housemates agreed to meet back in the kitchen no later than seven, Alana went back to her room to collect her wallet and key. Then she set out down the street towards an off-license she'd seen around the corner to pick up some booze. In truth, worry was already in the back of her mind. Her friends had already received a taste of what alcohol could do to her bladder, but they had no idea yet that her accident on their last night out hadn't been a one-off. She wanted to fit in and have fun, but she knew she needed to be careful. The last thing she needed was to get a reputation as the girl who soiled herself when she got drunk.

###

As seven o'clock crawled slowly closer, Alana stood beneath her shower for the second time that day. She hadn't bothered to draw the curtain across, and through the mist of a fogged-up mirror she could see the dark ebony outline of her naked body. The water ran hot and steaming, the way she liked it, over her skin and around her feet. She took care not to get her hair wet, knowing it would take hours to dry, and she already had her afro exactly how she wanted it for the night ahead. Her nipples stood hard enough to cut glass, but Alana wasn't thinking about sex- she was just excited for the night ahead.

Her bladder twinged curiously while she was rinsing soap out of the coarse hair in her armpits, and she made no attempt to stop it from beginning to empty. At home, her mother had strictly forbidden peeing in the shower, but that had never really stopped Alana. Now she didn't have to worry about secrecy at all. She hoped that squeezing out the last few drops of urine here would mean she didn't have to break the seal for at least a couple of hours into the night, but experience had taught her that her bladder rarely worked like that. Still, it felt nice to let the warm golden liquid run down her closed legs before the water washed away any evidence of what she'd done.

When every last trace of soap was rinsed out, Alana turned off the water and walked, dripping wet, back to her bed, where a towel was laid out and waiting. She still got a tiny thrill out of walking around the place in the nude. Her blinds were open, but she didn't mind the thought that there was a tiny chance someone in a student apartment across the street might chance to glance into her window at just the right time to catch her with no clothes on. Then the towel was wrapped around her, and the moment was gone.

On came some music on her phone; she had a whole playlist on Spotify designed exclusively to get her in the mood for nights like these, which she'd organised on the drive up to the city that morning. Set out on the bed were the clothes she planned to wear that night: a tight black t-shirt, a black bra and thong set so thin they were practically invisible and a pair of jeans that fit just right to cling to her legs. She scrubbed her whole body dry, taking special care to remove any moisture from between her toes, in her armpits, from her butt crack and the little crevices where her inner thighs met the mounds of her pussy. When everything was bone dry, the towel was tossed back on the top of the open bathroom door and she pulled on the thong. It had never been worn before, but she smiled at the feeling of a perfect fit. Next came the jeans, then the bra, taking with it the last chance for anyone looking in to get a good view that night.

All dressed, Alana grabbed the bottle she'd bought from the off-licence. It was a litre of pink gin that had cost enough to make her eyes water, but she had been feeling reckless ever since seeing her bank account fill up from her student loan earlier in the week. She'd also stocked up on lemonade and ice, which were already packed away in the kitchen, just waiting for her to start pouring.

Alana got to the kitchen a few minutes before seven and found all of her housemates already gathered around the table. Becky was in charge of the music, as per usual; a little portable speaker was sitting on the worktop, blasting out chart-toppers with her phone plugged in nearby. In front of each of them was already a drink. Most of them looked full, but it was clear from a glance that Zoe, at least, had started drinking a while ago- only a few dregs of Pepsi remained at the bottom of her cup. They were in the middle of a heated discussion about what they should order to eat that night. In the end everyone transferred a few pounds over to Becky and let her order them some pizza. Alana didn't have her phone with her, so she promised to buy her friend a drink when they went out instead.

"Okay, we're all here," Megan announced, pulling up a chair and patting to indicate that Alana should sit, "let's get these drinking games going".

By night, the kitchen was an airy space lit up with almost fluorescent vibrance. There was more than enough room around the table for the five of them.

Alana carried her pink gin to the fridge and set it down while she pulled out the lemonade, some ice and a cup. "Let me get a drink first," she said, unscrewing the lid. Her mission that night was to get just tipsy enough to have fun without overdoing it, getting drunk and risking an accident. So she poured just a little gin into the glass, not realising that everyone else was watching her. There was good-natured outcry when she stopped with barely half an inch of gin in the cup.

"That wouldn't get a baby drunk, mate," Alex snorted, "come on, at least twice that much".

Alana didn't blame them; they weren't to know why she was reluctant. So she poured in a little more and couldn't help but grin as they cheered and whopped approvingly. When she turned back, Megan had set up the table to play a familiar game. A circle of cards were spread face-down around an empty pint glass. She knew how Ring of Fire worked. If she got lucky, she'd barely have to drink at all... but some bad fortune with the cards could get her absolutely hammered. Of course, there was another option, which was to tell the girls the truth about why she didn't want to get too drunk... but the thought of admitting it made her nervous, especially as they seemed to have forgotten about her wetting herself on the last night out. Instead she kept quiet and took her place between Megan and Zoe, and the group began to play.

Something all too familiar happened as Alana started drinking- she could feel herself growing in confidence, and those worries about getting drunk slowly evaporated. By the time they were down to the last King card, she'd almost forgotten all about her misgivings. The alcohol had persuaded her that it wasn't going to be such a big deal after all. That was exactly what had been her downfall the last time.

Already, Alana was starting to have to pee. She could feel her bladder filling up as she went through one, then two, then three glasses of booze. The third time, nobody even had to encourage her to pour a strong drink, she just did it because she wanted to. And she still had no intention of leaving the game to go pee. She was having too much fun for that.

Their pizza arrived with the game drawing to a close, and it was Zoe who volunteered to head down the stairs and collect the boxes from the gate. Nobody stopped to ask how she was expected to carry it all back up by herself with no free hands to open the doors. In the end Alex went to rescue her, and they soon had three huge pizzas spread out on the table. Privately, Alana had to worry that the grease and meat would end in her needing to poop pretty bad by tomorrow morning, if not sooner- she hadn't had her evening dump yet, though she could feel that it was coming.

None of the women saw any reason to let the arrival of the food put a stop to the drinking games, especially with only six of the fifty-two cards left to draw. Alana was getting some good luck, but she knew it wasn't going to last. With every passing turn, she hoped that the final King would be drawn by anyone but her- whoever found it would have to neck the pint of Pepsi, beer, wine, vodka and gin in the centre, plus some of their own drink.

It came as no surprise at all to Alana when she turned over her last card and saw that red 'K' staring back at her mockingly. The other girls cheered, and she considered refusing, but the idea of setting a precedent like that didn't seem worth it to Alana. So, without giving herself enough time to chicken out, she poured the rest of her drink into the pint glass, picked it up and began to slurp it down as the others chanted from eight down to one.

When she slammed the glass back down on the table, it was more than clear to Alana that she was going to regret taking the drink in the morning- if not much, much sooner.

*003*2021-10-18 16:25

Alana stumbled down the hallway, wondering if she was going to live to regret booking the room furthest away from the kitchen. She swung left as she walked and bumped into one of the walls, then straightened herself and took the last few steps to her door. The intensity of her intoxication had almost tripled the second she stood up. A colossal burp erupted from her mouth and she didn't bother to cover it. With nobody else in the corridor, and the alcohol rendering her inhibitions nearly non-existent, there was no need for false niceties. Not for the first time, she asked herself if maybe this was who she really was- this gross, embarrassing animal, who only kept up the pretences of being polite and civilised when a mixture of sobriety and social anxiety forced her to.

She was here because the need to use the bathroom had finally become too much to bear another second. Not only was her bladder fit to burst, but the oversized portion of pizza she'd gobbled down had taken a predictable toll on her belly, and she urgently had to take a shit, too. And to think it was barely gone nine-thirty. With many hours left in the night, she was already pushing past the realms of tipsy and into the world of drunk.

Alana extracted her electronic key from the left pocket of her jeans and fumbled with it. She felt like her body couldn't hold everything back much longer, but all of a sudden she seemed to have completely forgotten how to get the door to open. Press the key against the lock. Pull the handle. Nothing happened. Alana started to panic, her bladder threatening to leak. Finally, she tried the other side of the key and it let her fall through the door and into her bedroom.

It had grown far hotter in here since she'd last left. Alana turned the corner, stepped into the bathroom and tore down her jeans and underwear in one go. She collapsed onto the toilet before her bedroom door had even clicked shut. No sooner was she seated than everything started to come out, both of the front and the back. She swore under her breath, stunned at how close to an accident she had come. It was weird- Alana practically never had close calls when she wasn't drinking, but after a few glasses of gin and lemonade she'd found herself seconds away from ruining a brand new thong. Brushing frizzy black hair out of her face, she leaned back and let it all exorcise itself from her body. Her butt stretched out nicely to allow the second poop of the day through.

While she finished up, she turned and looked in the mirror. Staring back at her was a slightly blurry image of a girl with big brown eyes, smooth, dark skin and thin eyebrows that curved upward ever so slightly. It took her a second to remember that the staring girl was herself.

As usual, her poop left skidmarks all over the bowl and residue littering the area around her anus. This time, spurred into carelessness by the booze, Alana didn't bother wiping everything away. A few sheets would do, she decided. With most of it cleaned off and in the bowl, she flushed, started to stand up, remembered something. Alana had been a few seconds away from pulling up her thong without drying the pee off of the lips of her pussy. The second time, she used a few squares to get rid of the excess fluid, then stood again for real.

Alana finished buttoning her jeans back up just before walking back into the kitchen, where the girls were still playing the game of Never Have I Ever that they'd been in the midst of when she left. Though they knew each other from college, there had been few opportunities to get drunk together in the past, so there were still plenty of questions to answer.

It didn't take long before Alana had forgotten all about her close call in the bathroom, and soon she was laughing and drinking along with her new flatmates again. It felt good not to worry.

Half an hour later it was time to get ready to go out. The five girls split up again, each retreating to their respective rooms. For the first time in hours, Becky unplugged her speaker and left the kitchen weirdly silent. Alana was the last to leave, finishing her last glass of gin and lemonade before staggering as calmly as she could manage back to her room. Even drunk, she noticed the smell of poop right away when the door buzzed open.

She considered trying to take a leak before they left, but it felt like there was nothing in her to squeeze out yet, so Alana closed her toilet lid and went for her other stuff. She gathered a coat, her wallet and her phone, which had been charging on the desk. Then, just to be sure, she checked the wallet for her ID, both of her cards and some change to give to the cloakroom. A sober Alana had planned everything out meticulously- it was just down to drunk Alana now to remember everything she had to do.

After a minute of checking her make-up in the bathroom mirror, illuminated by the dazzlingly bright overhead light, she returned to join the others in the hallway. It was a relief to see that she wasn't the last one out; Becky was still in her room, and Alex jested that she thought the short girl was taking a dump.

When Becky emerged from her room, laughing that she felt ten pounds lighter, they walked together down the stairs and into the courtyard apartment. Then they waited patiently while Zoe ran back upstairs to collect the driver's license she'd forgotten on her desk. The air outside was already cold, but the girls were buzzed enough to barely notice it on their exposed arms and legs.

The city at night was exactly what Alana had expected. Of course, it was busier than usual tonight, being the Saturday before Fresher's Week. Most of the new generation of students would have moved in today, according to her dad. They certainly passed plenty on the way down to the nightlife district, groups outside pubs or packed into a giant McDonalds with bouncers outside, something that Alana had never dreamed of seeing back in the small town where she'd grown up. It felt alive here, the lights vibrant, the people diverse and thrillingly unpredictable.

The group was in fine form, laughing and joking as well as ever, emboldened by the buzz of the night so far. It felt both strange and exhilarating to be away from home together, and knowing that they were only just starting was freeing to all five of them. On the walk, they passed so many bars and clubs and takeaway places that someone would say they wanted to check out. If they were smart with money, Megan pointed out, the five would have more than enough time to try them all. In between came the same good-natured teasing and joking that had gelled the group into getting along so well in the first place. Even Alex, usually the quietest of them, was joining in on the fun.

Alana, for her part, had completely stopped worrying about the effects the booze would have on her bladder and bowels. Her incident in the bathroom earlier that night hadn't humbled her- in fact, it seemed to have the opposite effect. Now she felt invincible, confident that she could make it to the toilet later just as she had done then. The healthy dose of bathroom anxiety that usually kept her 100% continent was nowhere to be seen anymore.

It felt like they had only been walking for ten minutes when the club district soon came into view, even if a glance the clock on her phone told Alana they had actually travelled for thrice that time. Everywhere around here were queues of students, sometimes stretching back for what looked like a quarter mile or more. It was packed. All five girls stopped and stood in a huddle to the side of the road, scanning the email apps on their phones to find the electronic tickets that had been sent earlier.

Before they went to join the queue for the club they'd booked, which seemed like the busiest of the lot, Zoe spoke up. "I really need a wee before we get in that queue," she slurred loudly, "anyone want to come and keep watch?"

Alana decided that she wouldn't mind a few minutes down a quiet alleyway somewhere to get her head straight before they went into the belly of the strobe-lighted beast. "I'll come," she said, "I don't need to go, but I'll make sure nobody creepy sees you".

###

Half an hour went by before the group finally approached the front of the nightclub queue. Alana had known it would be busy out here, but she had never seen anything like this before- the whole street was swarming with drunken students. Most were just talking, although every now and then a fight would break out, or someone would start calling across the road to someone they recognised. The line crept forward. Fortunately, Alana was still drunk enough that she didn't mind. The booze was keeping her warm, and the conversation between the five girls was keeping her brain awake.

The only thing she wished she'd done differently was that she was starting to seriously regret not taking a piss in the alleyway with Zoe when she had the chance. The shorter girl had squatted expertly over concrete and hissed out a long, hard jet that soaked the floor so much Alana had to take a step back to stop her shoes from getting wet. While she shook to dry her crotch, Zoe had offered to swap roles and keep watch while Alana emptied her bladder. But Alana hadn't needed to go much back then, so she'd declined, not realising how quickly her need would shoot up while they queued for the club.

Finally it was their turn, and Alana extracted her ID from her wallet to hand to the security guard outside. It felt odd; she'd never needed her driver's license to get into a building before. A bizarre, unfounded paranoia set in that the guard would find some reason not to let her in, but of course they were all allowed to pass with no issue. The five regrouped and scanned their tickets at the door. Each was hit with a stamp in red ink on the back of their hand, and then they were in.

If the outside of the club was busy, inside was absolutely stacked. There seemed to be people climbing the rafters, and you could barely move for clubbers. Photographers weaved expertly in and out of the crowds, taking pictures of groups in cringeworthy poses. Someone was walking around dressed as Shrek. Alana didn't know what to make of it, but the booze had loosened her up enough that she didn't mind a little crazy. In fact, that was an understatement. By this point everything she'd had to drink at the flat had kicked in, and she was up for plenty of crazy. Just as soon as she found somewhere to pee.

Just as she was about to go and find the toilets, Megan grabbed her by the arm and dragged her over to the bar. It took half a minute to make the ten-metre journey thanks to all the bodies they needed to squeeze past. Eventually the quintet emerged by a long wooden bar, where a young man dressed in black took their order. Alana had completely forgotten- they'd all agreed to have their first drink in a club together, as soon as they got there. Each ordered a spirit with mixer and a shot. Alana didn't see the harm in it; now that she was safely inside the club she could just head to the loos whenever she had to go. Just as soon as she figured out where they were...

So she was eager to get the drinks down her quickly. The five of them clinked their shot glasses together and knocked them back. It was some sour green concoction that Alana didn't care for, but it was at least cheap- and it was going to get her drunk, which was all she really wanted. Then the other drink went down the hatch. Her comrades were impressed by how quickly Alana downed it. They didn't know that the only reason was so she could get away from there and try to find the bathroom sharpish. If she wasn't fast enough, she was going to wet herself, she was sure of it.

But a whole lap of the club didn't lead her to the answer she wanted. There were no doors with that familiar silhouette of a woman on the front, or even the word 'ladies'. As the desperation ramped up another notch, Alana could find no sign of a place where she could relieve herself.

Her bladder was painfully full now. She had forgotten, in her drunken stupor, just how quickly she could go from comfortable to bursting when she'd been drinking. The bathroom had to be around here somewhere... and she had to find it within the next couple of minutes, otherwise she'd be walking home in drenched jeans. Every step seemed to just make it harder to hold everything in. She bumped frantically into the elbow of a man nearby, and it dug into her bladder. Her belly was bloated and firm from fulness, but the pressure of his bone digging into her very nearly made her lose control altogether.

Just as Alana was almost resigned to pissing herself, she caught sight of what looked like a girl getting progressively shorter in a gap through the crowd. At first she thought she must be drunker than she had realised. Then she watched as the same thing happened to a guy in another direction, and it hit her- stairs! She hadn't even known this place had a downstairs. Alana charged through the crowd, her salvation within reach

The walk down those stairs was one of the hardest things Alana had done in her life. Each and every step felt as though it could be the final straw. She tried to walk with her thighs glued together, but being so drunk made it hard to stay in control, and twice she almost stumbled. The stairs went down, doubled back on themselves and descended again. People in front of her seemed to be walking impossibly slowly.

A single leak spurted out of her and turned that new thong hot and wet. Alana was forced to do something then that she had badly wanted to avoid: she grabbed her pussy through her jeans and squeezed. People started staring once she did that. Why wouldn't they? What was normal about a teenager walking around a club holding herself like a little kid? She felt a tear well in each eye, and for once she couldn't blame the gin.

At the bottom of the stairs she finally spotted the luminescent sign for the bathroom. It was on the other side of the room. Vision blurred, Alana pushed through the crowd as best as she could, never taking her hand off of her sex as she walked. Some people saw her coming and moved aside to let her pass, concern in their eyes. At some point, she realised, she must have leaked again. She hadn't noticed at the time.

Finally, for the first time since getting into the club, Alana was spat out by the crowd into just the smallest pocket of space. There was the women's bathroom... and there was a queue of a dozen girls stretching out of the door.

That did it. Alana's body gave in. She started to wet herself. She could feel it, but she couldn't stop it.

The queerest mixture of emotions overwhelmed Alana's mind in that moment. First came the immense relief of her sphincter relaxing at last. Then the warmth, the unparalleled warmth that spread across her crotch and down her legs, turning her jeans from grey to black in the darkness. Over the music there was no way she could hear the hiss that she knew was coming out of her pussy. Lastly, there came the shame, which washed over her like a tsunami. She was standing in a busy room on the first night of university, and she was pissing her pants hard.

Alana groaned out loud. When she opened her eyes, people were staring. And not just a handful of people- it felt like dozens of eyes were on her. There was no cliché'd kid holding up a phone camera and pointing it at her legs, nor the huge puddle that was spreading across the floor. They all just looked shocked... and slightly sorry for her. That sympathy was worse than the wetting somehow. It made her feel like trash, like some drunken slut who couldn't hold her liquor and needed to be looked after. She felt like a pathetic, alcoholic mess.

Then Becky was there, standing beside her with a hand on her shoulder. Alana turned to the girl, tears running down her cheeks now. "I pissed myself," she said stupidly, "I couldn't fucking hold it. I pissed myself".

Becky started to lead her away, towards the stairs again. "I think I'm gonna walk you home," she said.

"No, no," Alana protested, even now hearing how hammered she was in her shaky voice, "I'll get home myself, it's fine".

As soon as they stepped into the fresh air, Alana turned and puked violently onto the pavement, narrowly missing the feet of a nearby bouncer. That was the last thing she remembered that night.

*005*2021-10-20 10:40

It was Monday evening before Alana left the house again, but leave it she eventually did. She was wedged between her friends at a table in a student bar well after midnight, a circular booth that left her needing to ask at least two of them to move every time she had to get up. Zoe and Alex were pressing her in on one side, with Becky and Megan to her right. She didn't mind- the place was fancy, and her initial reservations about going out and drinking again had disappeared once she realised that her friends really weren't upset about her little accident at the weekend. The first few sips of alcohol had helped to calm her nerves, too.

The embarrassment that burned after Becky walked her home had lasted all of Sunday. She hadn't even come out of her room until the rest of the girls had gone out to another club, and the hunger grew so bad that she couldn't bear to starve herself any longer. They invited her- begged her, really- but she was simply too humiliated, so she made up an excuse about her hangover being too bad that was only half a lie.

As soon as that hangover faded on Monday morning, though, so did the shame. Forgetting, it seemed, was the greatest superpower a drunk girl could have. She'd jumped at the chance to go out and get tipsy again, impressed that her friends were still going strong after two nights in a row spent clubbing. Alana, for her part, had slept for twenty of the last forty-eight hours. She was fully refreshed. When the other girls were on their third drink, she'd had five. Part of that was foolish determination to prove that she could handle her drink, but there was another side to the problem, too. The truth was that she just really liked getting wasted.

She did have to pee, but being jammed in between her friends meant that the effort and inconvenience of getting up greatly outweighed how bad she needed to go. Alana was sure she could still hold it. By the time two in the morning came, though, she was starting to get tired and the copious amounts of vodka were taking their toll. She had stopped taking part in the conversation, instead listening quietly, occasionally brushing frizzy hair out of her eyes with one hand and sipping her last cocktail through a plastic pink straw. Her friends had to talk loudly to be heard over the music, which was exactly the kind of cheesy naughties pop that she loved getting drunk to.

From Zoe, Alana had heard about the club they'd been at the night before. It sounded awesome. The four girls had stumbled home some time before sunrise with an array of inflatable animals, which were littering the kitchen come the morning. Alana was pissed off that she'd missed out over a little embarrassment and promised herself she wouldn't sit out of any more nights.

All of a sudden Alana found herself being shaken by the shoulder. It took her a few seconds to come to, and a few more to realise that she had fallen asleep. She looked around groggily; all four of her friends were staring at her.

"Alana," Becky said, concern in her voice. Alana blinked and met her gaze. "You're peeing".

That woke her up. She looked down at her crotch and saw that it was true- a little dark stain was growing on her cream playsuit, seeping onto the leather of the seat. She swore under her breath and shut off the flow.

"Sorry," she mumbled, "I'd better get to the toilet". Zoe and Alex wasted no time in scrambling out of their seats. She scooted along the chair and got up, not wanting to look back at the wet patch she'd no doubt left behind. Now that she was awake Alana realised how badly she really had to go. A few more minutes and she might have been looking at her second accident in three days. Luckily, the walk to the toilet was short and there was no queue in a bar that had started to empty out already.

She got to the bathroom in the nick of time, only to find that just one of the three stalls was available- the one closest to the door, directly opposite it in fact. Alana quickly realised why it wasn't taken. There was no lock on the door. But she was about to piss her playsuit, so closing it without a lock would have to do. With a quick reach behind she unzipped the thing, pulling it all down as fast as she could.

The trouble with wearing a braless one-piece to a club was that she had to effectively strip naked just to pee. That was usually bearable because the doors usually locked. If she'd had any other choice, Alana wouldn't have used that toilet. But the pee was coming whether she was ready or not. So she dropped the whole suit around her ankles and plopped her bum down on the toilet just before her bladder completely surrendered all control.

As she tried her best to enjoy the relief of going, having done almost none of it in her pants, the stall door started to creak open. Alana leaned forward to stop it, in a sudden panic... but she couldn't reach. And through the bathroom door she saw a table of guys staring at her. Some were stunned, some were laughing, but they were all staring, alright. They were looking at a girl, naked except for the pale playsuit bunched up by her feet, sitting on the toilet and unable to stop peeing. They saw her deep brown nipples, flat and lifeless. They saw the chub of her belly overhanging her free-flowing pussy. And, she was sure, they all saw the bush of black pubic hair standing out against her dark skin.

She was a prisoner there, unable to stand up to close the door. All she could do was cross her arms over her ample breasts, lean forward to try and cover her pussy and wait it out. By the time another woman finally came by and stood wordlessly in the door to cover Alana up, she was almost finished peeing.

###

God was merciful, because Alana didn't remember the boys seeing her naked come Tuesday morning, and that night she was back out with the girls at a red hot club they were yet to try out. She'd somehow managed to get even drunker than before, and had only just smuggled herself into the club by putting on her best impression of a sober person for the full two minutes it took to get past security and the ticket booth. The group were buying round after round of shots, and Alana was growing more and more talkative with every last one.

Somehow, though, it had been a successful night for her in the bathroom. She'd made a point of going as soon as she felt the urge to pee, not wanting a repeat of the last two incidents. It being a Tuesday night, the club was quieter than at weekends, so there were no lines to the bathroom. So far, every single piss had been quick and painless and her clothes had remained dry as a bone. She'd even been able to avoid the stalls without working locks, which was a welcome change of pace. Past midnight, everything was going perfectly.

"I'm proud of you," slurred Zoe at one point, putting her pale arm around Alana's dark shoulder and leaning in close, "you haven't pissed yourself even a little bit yet".

Coming from someone else that might have sounded condescending, or maybe even a little mean, but even drunk Zoe didn't have a mean bone in her body. And the truth was that Alana couldn't help feeling a little proud of herself too. It was pathetic, she knew, but she was pleased with the way she'd stayed on top of things and avoided any drama in the toilet all night long.

When the urge to go hit Alana again, she told the others she would be right back and headed to the toilet. Usually she wouldn't go on her own, but with the speed she was getting through those drinks, nobody else had to pee again so soon after their last visit to the restroom. Alana didn't mind the alone time. She walked as stably as she could manage to the bathroom, once again feeling even drunker from standing up too fast. As usual, there was nobody waiting outside the bathroom. She took the stall furthest from the door, in no rush to go, and locked it behind her.

Taking her seat and starting to pee was a blissful sensation. She daren't close her eyes, in case the room started to spin when she opened them again. It was hard for Alana to think of a time she'd been this drunk and stayed conscious- part of her thought that she was going to throw up, another thought she might need to shit. For now, she kept peeing, letting it all run out of her like a hot tap. Beside her she heard a loud splash in the water from the next stall over, followed by an unmistakable moan of relief. Alana giggled; emboldened, she let out a moan of her own. It felt great to let go, after all.

It felt like an age until her vicious stream finally died down to a dribble. Alana tried to push on her colon, looking to see if she had to poop, but decided to leave it until she got home. She looked around for toilet paper- there was nothing on the left wall or the right. Just as worry started to rise up in her throat, she spotted some on top of the white tank behind her.

She reached between her legs with the first square... and her fingers met soaking wet, hot fabric. Alana gasped. She looked down at her thighs... her fully clothed thighs. She hadn't even lowered her leggings before sitting down. Somehow, under the influence of enough booze to kill a small child, she'd completely failed to notice that her piss was saturating her underwear and leggings before cascading into the toilet below. It felt as though the wet patch forked out to nearly the back of her knees. Already she was sure that the smell of piss was hanging in the air around her.

Even getting to her feet was a struggle, but Alana pulled herself up and looked back down on the toilet. It was a mess. The seat was covered in pee, some of which was dripping onto the floor even now. The inside of the bowl was yellow all over. All she could do was walk away from it all, get home as soon as she could and get to bed.

She went upstairs and made her excuses. In black leggings, there was no telling the real reason she was bailing out early. Her friends told her to message them when she got back to the flat, and she summoned an Uber on her phone. The alcohol was still moving through her- in half an hour she could be too drunk to stay awake. She needed to be quick if she wanted to get to bed before that happened.

###

Traffic proved to be a nightmare, and it was almost an hour later by the time Alana staggered through the front door of the flat, knowing that she could have walked and been home in half the time and without the extortionate Uber fee. The drive had done very little to sober her up, but with the unwanted side effect of making her desperately need the toilet again- this time to poop as well as pee. Nobody else was home yet, but they planned to walk as far as Alana knew, so if they'd left the club at any time in the last half an hour they wouldn't take long to get back.

Alana's drive home had been silent and uncomfortable, not least because she'd spent the entire ride trying her best not to have an accident and ruin the seat. Her butt kept begging her to let it open up and push a soft load out onto the seat, and she'd barely managed to resist. She'd barely said a word to the driver, instead attempting to distract herself with her phone and search for a sitting position that didn't make her belly grumble in agony.

The moment that she finally heard the flat door click behind her was almost jubilant. She was still so drunk that she barely knew what was going on, but at least she was home. At least she'd made it.

It was pitch black inside the flat. In her state, there was little to no chance of finding the light switch simply by fumbling along in the dark, and her phone was dead from constant use in the car. After a brief check to see if she could stumble across the switch, Alana fished her key out of her bag and held it up against the electronic lock she'd ended up leaning beside.

The door swung open, but in here it was equally dark. Luckily she'd spent enough time in the room that first week that she already knew the layout by heart. This wasn't her first time getting in drunk and without light and needing to use the toilet badly. Three steps forward, two to the left and then a couple back. She felt the back of her knees find a hard edge and slowly, on shaky legs, lowered herself down onto the toilet, sliding her leggings and panties down as she went.

Whether she'd been even more desperate than she realised or the alcohol was just enhancing things, it felt almost orgasmic to release her bladder where she sat. Alana closed her eyes and moaned, knowing nobody was around to hear even through these thin walls. It was as though a river was hissing out from between her legs- at least, she certainly felt as though she'd been holding back a whole river. In the darkness, she was sure that the sound of pee jetting out of her urethra was even louder than usual. Alana only wanted to drain every last drop from her body and then roll into bed.

The other urge made itself known again, and Alana couldn't hold it back even if she wanted to. A huge, thick mass started to snake out of her hole. She couldn't help moaning again at the way it stretched her wide open. In the background, she could hear the doors to the flat opening- the others probably thought she was fast asleep by now. All she wanted to focus on was having a nice, huge poo, which was happening hard and fast now. But all of a sudden something didn't feel right.

Somewhere over the hissing of her pee, Alana heard the metallic buzz of the room door being unlocked. She froze. The door creaked open, and suddenly, with a crack as sharp as a whip, the lights flickered on around her.

She wasn't in her room. She was in a room that looked just like hers, but with a reversed layout. Where the toilet sat in her room, here there was a messy, unmade bed. She was sitting on the mattress, a huge chunk of which was now soaked, or covered in her shit.

Becky stood in the doorway, mouth open, and behind her- so much worse- was a boy Alana had never seen before. When her drunken brain had realised what was going on, she reached down to cover up her pussy and bush.

"I thought this was my room," she stammered, feeling drunker and dumber than ever before. A glance behind her told her that the bedsheets were ruined. Where there had once been pristine white, everything was suddenly brown or drenched to the point of transparency.

Becky finally closed her mouth. "Did you know the keys worked for every room?"

Alana shook her head. "Did you?"

"No," Becky said, backing out of the room, "we're gonna take your room. We'll do each other's laundry".

"That... that seems fair," Alana muttered, trying to force down the lump in her throat. She just wanted to be left alone, and for the boy to stop staring at her shit-smeared asscrack.

"Let's never talk about this again," Becky said, and then she was gone. The door slammed shut again. Alana stood up, intending to get clean... and felt her knees go weak beneath her. She fell back onto the bed, narrowly missing landing in her own faeces. All she could do was kick off her shoes, slide her leggings and panties off and collapse on the mattress, curling up in a ball as far from her mess as she could.

A little voice in her head was telling her what she needed to do. She had to get up, had to lock the door, strip the sheets, take a shower...

Instead Alana closed her eyes for a few seconds, and before she could do anything about it at all, she was out like a smashed lightbulb.

*007*2021-10-30 22:11

Alana's ears were pounding; she could barely hear herself think. All around her were students of every variety, all crammed into one house that was simply too small to fit the hundred or so kids who had turned up. Still, it was a Friday night- only the third one of the term- and there was no point in staying at home while all of her friends went to check out the party. And, like most parties so far that term, Alana had found herself going from reluctant to thrilled as soon as she'd had a couple of strongly mixed dinks.

Although cleaning up Becky's bed the morning after her little incident had been worse than a nightmare, the two girls had kept each other's secrets. It turned out that Alana did know the boy her friend had fucked in her room. She'd been too pissed to recognise him at the time, but he was an ex of Zoe's, and Becky didn't want anyone else knowing that they'd hooked up. In truth, Alana found the thought of what might have happened on her bed more unsettling than the memory of what she'd done to Becky's. So neither girl was ever telling.

That, now, was over two weeks ago. Alana's life had changed in two huge, interconnected ways since she'd moved into the flat with her college friends. Firstly, she was drinking far more, going out almost every night and partying harder than she'd known her body was capable of. Secondly- and this was, she had to admit, purely a result of the first thing- she was having accidents on the regular. Alana had been prone to the occasional leak or little panty poop before, like most girls. But since moving in, these occasions had skyrocketed. She'd barely used the toilet for number two since moving in, and she'd wet herself more times than she could count now.

Now it was starting to feel like another moment was coming. Alana was dying to use the bathroom, but she couldn't quite find it. It would have been manageable if she only needed a piss- she could sneak out the back to the alleyway where the boys were going instead of queueing up for the toilet. Sure, they might laugh at her, or be a little pervy, but it was much better than wetting herself. The trouble was that she had to shit too.

Yet again, she'd managed to get herself good and drunk- far too drunk. It was beginning to seem that she had something of a problem. Alana had been a drinker for a few years before university, but in the last month she hadn't known when- or how- to stop. She floated from room to room, never stopping for a conversation with anyone, just trying to keep herself conscious. If she blacked out, there was no telling what bizarre shit she might end up doing.

With desperation getting worse, Alana steeled herself and summoned up the control to start one last lap of the house, looking around for the bathroom. There had to be one somewhere. She started by the front of the house, but if there was a toilet here she couldn't see the door. From there she had to push into the living room, then the kitchen at the back. The layout seemed unfamiliar and confusing. It reminded her of the club on their first night, when she'd wet herself trying to find the bathroom. She would have to check upstairs again.

Alana pushed through the crowd, eyes half-shut, trying to suppress the rumbling aches in her belly. In her state, time seemed to fly by at double speed, and her need to go was picking up at an increased rate, too. Still she couldn't stop sipping from the cup in her hand, an overly strong mix of whiskey and water that she'd poured when they ran out of Pepsi. Her pussy felt just about ready to start leaking, but she was still clinging onto the last fragments of her sobriety, and with it just enough self-control to keep her panties dry. That wouldn't last much longer, though, if she couldn't find the loo soon. Very soon.

The slow, painful climb up the house's only set of stairs almost did her in. Around halfway up, Alana felt the first leak arrive in her underwear. She was powerless to stop it. When she farted loudly, she would have been grateful for the music's cover... if she wasn't so drunk that she didn't even care who heard her farting anymore. She had to drag herself up with one hand on the railing.

Another leak spurted out, enough to turn the crotch of her panties dark. Alana couldn't care less that the stain was visible now. She just wanted to get to the toilet in time.

Her stomach cramped viciously again, and suddenly something sludgy and slippery slid out of her hole. It wasn't much, just a slug-sized stain against her cheeks, but she couldn't deny that she'd shit herself a little.

By now she was at the top of the stairs at last and looking around frantically for the toilet. It wasn't the locked door opposite the landing, nor the next to her left, which she opened to find two half-naked guys going at it on the bed... so she turned away and stumbled down the hall, losing control.

Finally, at long last, the bathroom came into view. It was empty, too, with a wide open door, the light switched on and a clear pathway to a toilet that looked good enough to ruin.

Alana was a few steps away when she started to piss and shit herself at the same time. Her sphincter simply snapped, and hot, brown sludge erupted out into her underwear. At the same time her pussy started seeping out pee like a burst pipe. Now she felt her jeans getting wet, all the way down her thighs and past her knees. Now she felt the bulge forming behind her. She tried to waddle the last few steps to the bathroom, but everything happened so quickly that her jeans were already damaged beyond saving within the first five seconds. She'd let the pressure build for too long, and the inevitable explosion had been the worst she could remember.

After the initial panic was absorbed, Alana started towards the toilet, wanting to get some privacy. But her legs were weak and intoxicated, and she tripped and fell right onto the landing, still peeing hard, still letting chunks of wet poop spit out of her once-tight hole.

As she was on the floor, she caught a glimpse of feet nipping in front of her, then the bathroom door slamming shut and locking. Though Alana scrambled to her feet again, she was too late. The door was closed. All she could do was back away, then retreat down the stairs, scrambling past people coming the other direction. At the bottom she ran into Megan, who grabbed her by the shoulders and looked her up and down, concern in her eyes.

The next think Alana knew she was being led out of the front door by Megan and Zoe, the cold air making her pee-soaked denim jeans cling to her thighs. She wanted to say something to them- wanted, she thought, to tell them to go back in and enjoy the party, let her walk home alone. Instead she pivoted and threw up on the pavement the moment she opened her mouth.

"I'm worried about her," she heard a voice say- Megan's voice, she thought, though it was hard to tell over the sounds of her own heaving.

Alana spat out the last of her sick, turned, staggered, almost fell. "Go back in," she moaned, "I can walk".

They were having none of it. Alana couldn't resist in her state. She let them march her down the street, one on either side. And, though she didn't say anything, she felt poop running down the back of her left thigh.

###

The next twenty minutes of Alana's life went by in flashes, and she remembered almost none of it by the time they were back at the flat. They'd passed a handful of other students, some of whom had asked about her. Once she'd had to stop to throw up again. By the end of it the strength in her legs was almost gone altogether. Alana felt heavier than a sack of bricks and weaker than a rubber band. Without the support on either side of her two friends, she was sure she'd have simply collapsed and passed out on the street.

The girls got her into the flat a few hours after midnight. Dragging her up the stairs was a challenge, but she managed to lift a leg at a time until she found herself in her room, with them by her side. They stripped her off and put her in the shower. Alana was in no position to complain as they practically hosed her off with jets of hot water. Megan commanded her to turn and face the wall while Zoe washed the poop off of her legs and out of her crack. Some of it had trickled all the way down to the back of her ankle.

Next thing she knew, she was being dried with one of the towels she had used before leaving that night. Feeling like a ragdoll, Alana let her friends scrub beneath her armpits, against her legs and across her back until she was more or less dry. Being drunk themselves, they could hardly be expected to do a top-class job of it. They left her in bed, slightly clammy and feeling like she was going to throw up again, with an empty bucket and a glass of cold water on her bedside table.

Alana lay there, in the dark and the damp, doused in shame. She was barely starting to sober up, but memories of what had happened at the house party were coming fresh into her mind again like nightmares. It was only pure luck that she hadn't filled her pants in front of everyone, but then surely half the party would have seen her being led out of the place in tears... she'd known she had to go, but she'd been so drunk... hadn't been able to find the bathroom in time... hadn't been able to control herself a second longer.

She woke up the next morning and instantly realised that she'd ruined the bed in her sleep. It was bright outside, which Alana knew thanks to the awful job that her blinds were doing of keeping the sun out of her way. The sheets around her were soaked, cold and stinking to high heaven. In a way she supposed that she shouldn't be surprised. She'd gone to bed without properly emptying herself, too drunk to think about anything but lying down and passing out. Beneath her ass now was the price she was paying for that carelessness. A thick pile of poop had come out some time during the night, and already had cooled off in the puddle of piss that she'd done.

Alana was too hungover to panic. She simply tossed the sheets off, over her body and out of the way. They landed in a pathetic heap on the floor. Between her naked thighs was a horror of a mess. Her head pounded worse than ever, and her belly churned as if she might throw up. The bucket that had been left beside her lay untouched, as did the glass of water. Now Alana wished she'd used both.

It took more effort than she cared to admit to haul herself out of bed, taking it a step at a time, worried she might fall again. Fortunately- if you could call it that- the strength seemed to have returned to her legs, even if her brain still felt jarred and half-asleep. She went to the mirror on the door of her closet, flicked on the light switch by the door and forced herself to assess just how bad the damage was. Alana quickly wished she hadn't. Her thighs and groin were caked in poop, even in places it had no right to be. She couldn't even bare to look at her sorry self for longer than a few seconds.

As she stripped the sheets off of her bed, just as she had to Becky's bed on that first week, Alana wondered what had happened to her.

She bundled everything up and shoved it as deep into her laundry basket as it would go- sheets, pillowcases, the works. Already in there was everything she'd worn the night before. She didn't want to look at it, or smell it any more than she had to. By some miraculous stroke of luck there was no stain left over on the mattress.

Alana climbed back into the shower the second her laundry was in the bag. She couldn't stand to walk around so dirty any longer, legs and pubes sticky with dried piss. Part of her still felt drunk, but she remembered the technique her friends had used to wash herself clean the night before and did her best to replicate that with the shower head. Groaning and grossed out, Alana rubbed between her growing bum cheeks with one hand, trying to clear out every last trace of poo. She was just about to put conditioner in her pee-stained bush when the worst stomach cramp of her life suddenly hit.

There was no time to stop it; she had no more strength left to prevent what needed to happen. Still standing in the shower, leaning against one ice-cold wall for support, Alana started to squirt diarrhoea onto the floor. Her bowels voided themselves noisily and violently. She could do nothing but close her eyes and wait for it all to be over.

Since arriving at university not one month ago Alana had had more alcohol-induced accidents than she could still keep count of, but this almost felt like the low point to her. She was shitting herself not two metres from the toilet and there was no way she could stop it.

When she began to pee, too, she made no effort to prevent it. After all, how much worse could the mess even get?

###

As far as festival weather went, it didn't get much better than Saturday, 28th August- at least by British standards. The sun had come up at six in the morning and wouldn't disappear until well past eight that night. By lunchtime it was scorching, turning the black metal of the bins in the park scalding hot to the touch and reddening the skin of anyone short-sighted enough to turn up without suncream. They were calling it a blessing from the gods; it had poured with rain for the last four days and the ground was still thick with black mud.

Well over sixty thousand people were packed between the site walls along the Southsea seafront for a festival on its second of three days. By the early afternoon, if not before, at least half of that sixty thousand were drunk. The whole place bustled with energy, from street theatre around every corner to artists performing on one of the half-dozen stages around the place. Food stalls and bars lined the sides of each walkway, set up thirty metres wide just to make sure there was enough space for the festival-goers to fit through. A queue for the bar would set you back twenty minutes if you were lucky.

Finally at the front of that queue, Alana stood beside Alex, a debit card waiting in her hand. They'd waited long enough for the next round of drinks, and it was Alana's turn to buy. She wasn't looking forward to checking her bank balance in the morning. At first, the five women had tried to remember everyone's order and buy each drink individually. That hadn't gone well. Since the first disastrous attempt, when Zoe had returned with almost none of what people had actually wanted, the girls had agreed to just stick to five beers.

Alex had offered to come with Alana because she wanted to get a look at the queues for the toilets, to see if they'd gotten any shorter yet. Meanwhile, their three friends were spread out on a picnic blanket closer to the stage. Megan was their resident festival expert, and she'd insisted they all got there early to make sure they picked out a good spot for the day's music. That had also meant that they had started drinking early, so Alana felt nicely buzzed as she stood and waited for the barman to pour five pints.

She stole a glance at her phone, which had largely been forgotten for once in the excitement of the day. It was almost two o'clock now, four hours after they'd arrived and bought the first drink. Lunch had been a huge meal, an assortment of dishes from the surrounding food trucks that the girls had split and shared like a variety platter. Washed down with beer, Alana hadn't tasted anything so good in a long time.

When the bartender held up a machine for payment, Alana touched her card against it and took three of the beers away, leaving the other two for Alex to carry. The bars at this festival operated a one-way system- you had to queue on one side, buy your drinks and leave through the other end. Alana and Alex emerged near one of the toilet blocks, where lines were stretching back for twenty metres or more.

There were simply too many people and not enough toilets here. They'd noticed the problem right away, but there didn't seem to be much they could do about it other than wait in line. It was a pain in the arse, Alana thought, but they couldn't exactly go home.

So far she'd only needed to go once and it had been a nightmare. Having underestimated how long the queue would take, Alana had arrived at the back of the line when she was already quite desperate for a piss. By the time she reached the front of the queue she was bursting, and had barely made it into a port-a-potty in time. Inside was as disgusting and cramped as those things always were, but she'd been too pre--occupied with relief to care. That half an hour queueing outside had been one of the most uncomfortable waits of her life.

Now Alana only felt lucky that she hadn't needed the toilet again since, though she knew that the time would come where she'd need to rejoin one of those horrible lines and hope she could hold it until she got to the front. It wasn't the most dignified of festivals.

Together with Alex, she carried the drinks back through a crowd of tens of thousands in front of the main stage. It was an awkward, slow process, with plenty of delicate stepping over belongings and semi-polite excuse me's. Eventually they found the others, lounging about with sunglasses and half-empty cups.

Sitting down with her friends on the blanket, Alana only had a few minutes to talk before the next band started. She hadn't a clue who most of the artists were until later that evening when the headliners came on, but with a bit of beer in her belly Alana was the kind of girl who could enjoy just about any music. The bass was loud enough to shake the earth, everyone started to move and soon Alana completely forgot about needing to go to the toilet.

####

By three there was no denying it: Alana needed the bathroom. She had hoped to stave off the urge to for as long as possible, but the combination of her fifth beer in as many hours plus some of the water Megan had made her drink to stave off dehydration had left her certain that she had to get to the toilets.

To put it mildly, Alana wasn't looking forward to the excursion. She doubted the queues had gotten any better since the last time she was there, and the wait would be boring at best, painful at worst... but still the rational part of her knew that things would only get more complicated the longer she put off going. So she asked the group if any of them had to go too, on the off-chance that someone might come and keep her company. Annoyingly, though, they all seemed wrapped up in the band that had just come on, so Alana ventured out alone, through the herds of people until the music grew a little quieter and the crowds got a little thinner. Here she could at least hear herself think, even if it was a hell of a lot more lonely.

Just as she'd dreaded, the line for the block of toilets closest to the stage was enormous. If it was possible, she thought it had even grown since her last trip to the bar. There were only a measly twelve port-a-potties there, for a stage watched by what had to be twenty thousand people or more. Alana knew she could go deeper into the festival to look for a quieter set of loos, but that was a risk that might only cost her more time. Reluctantly, she joined the back of a line that looked slightly shorter than the others, though there were still at least twenty people in front of her.

As she crawled closer and closer, and the minutes ticked on, Alana started to get desperate. What had begun as a little twinge in her bladder evolved into a throbbing discomfort at an alarming speed. Soon she couldn't stand still, and one leg crossed over the other in an effort to relieve some of the pressure. She wasn't the only one, either- half the other people lining up for the loos were either visibly reaching the point of urgency or talking to each other about how badly they had to go.

Eventually, with only a handful more people in front of Alana's squirming body, two drunk girls stumbled across the front of the port-a-potties. They both wore the most over-the-top festival outfits Alana had ever seen, and one was grabbing her pussy shamelessly, bent over and clearly about to wet herself.

"Fuck, is that the line?" asked the other one, who was dragging the desperate girl behind her.

"I can't hold it that long, Bex, I'm gonna piss myself," she moaned.

The first girl kept pulling her friend along, and Alana heard her say "come on, we'll find a bush or something".

A few minutes later Alana heard people muttering behind her, and turned to see people moving away from a man in the line beside hers. He was looking down at the ground, red-faced, as a huge dark patch spread across the front of his beige cargo shorts. They were a thin material. Alana could see the outline of his dick pressed against them, still pissing hard. Clearly he hadn't been able to hold it, and had lost control right before reaching the front of the line.

Seeing this cute guy have a very public accident only made Alana need to go even worse. It was almost lucky that the booze had taken some of the sting out of her inhibitions, because she didn't think she would have been able to hold it if not for the occasional squeeze of her pussy through her jean shorts. Nobody around her seemed to mind or even notice- they were mostly too desperate themselves to care what she needed to do to keep her pants dry.

At last, just as she was starting to seriously doubt whether or not she could make it, Alana found herself with nobody else between her and the grey, plastic door. All she had to do now was hold out until whoever was in there now came out-

Suddenly a girl was there in front of her, no older than twenty. Alana only needed one glance to know that she was utterly bursting.

"Please, let me go in front," the girl begged, "I'm starting to wet myself. Please".

Alana saw the door open behind the girl, and a relieved-looking young man step out. She felt a single leak of hot pee spurt out of her pussy, and that made the decision for her.

"I'm sorry," Alana said, pushing as gently as she could manage past the dancing girl, "I can't hold it anymore".

She locked the door behind her while the girl cursed and squirmed, then tore down her jean shorts and panties at the very last second. Alana was pissing before she had even sat down. The seat below her bare ass was soaked with piss, but she couldn't bring herself to care. She even had to lean forward and hold the lockless door closed as she emptied her bladder, unable to hold back a moan of the most intense relief.

It was only when, a whole minute later, Alana was finished peeing that she realised there was no toilet paper left in the stall. Instead two useless brown cardboard cylinders were strewn on the floor, soggy from badly-aimed men's urine. Usually Alana would use a sleeve in a situation like this but she was wearing a sleeveless top for the heat. So, feeling tipsy now she wasn't so desperate, she wiped her pussy a few times with her bare hand and then rubbed the liquid off onto her jean shorts. Then she pulled them back up, eager to get out so that the next person could get some relief too.

When she got out of the port-a-potty, Alana was met with a sight that made her feel awful: the desperate girl she'd turned away was standing there, tight denim shorts completely soaked. She was being consoled by an older woman in the queue, who gave Alana a dirty look. Alana couldn't bare to look at them. She rushed away, leaving the crying girl to stand there in her ruined clothes.

But I had no choice, Alana told herself, if I had let her go first, that would be me standing there crying right now.

###

Though she'd have been ashamed to admit it, Alana had all but forgotten about the girl in the wet shorts by the time she'd had dinner and a few more drinks. Well, maybe a few more would be an understatement- perhaps a lot more was a better choice of words. Alana was thoroughly sloshed, but still just about on the fun side of drunk, getting into every band that came on and laughing at every bad joke the lead singers told in between songs. She'd gotten used to heading to the toilet queues the minute she felt the need to pee. So far, caution was paying off.

Alana walked away from the Churro stand with three portions bundled up carefully in her arms- as carefully as a drunk nineteen-year-old could manage, anyway. Here, the festival was a little quieter now, as almost everyone had flocked to one of the stages to watch the last few bands play.

As she walked she saw something that caught her eye. Just off the main footpath, behind a thick oak tree, a man was taking a piss. He was apparently too drunk to notice that he wasn't covering himself very well, and she could see the pink outline of his cock, not to mention a thick yellow stream that splattered against the trunk.

At first, Alana thought next to nothing of it- after all, men relieved themselves against trees all the time, especially drunk ones. But only a few feet further down the path, there was someone else going to the toilet behind a bush. This one was a woman, judging by her long hair and the way she was squatting down. A sober Alana would've looked away politely, but drunk, she couldn't help staring. It took her a while to realise that there was a thick, brown log dangling out of the girl's bare bum.

Only then did Alana properly start to look around, and then she saw how bad things had become. Dozens of people, apparently either unwilling or unable to stomach the long queues, were relieving themselves out in the open, sometimes with barely any cover. Behind a few trees she saw a group of women squatting and pissing together. She saw a relieved-looking guy who looked like he was taking a dump up against a lamppost. Further on, a girl no older than Alana was peeing standing up through her skirt while her boyfriend kept watch.

Alana knew that at least a few of the festival-goers would be forced to go outside, thanks to the insane toilet shortages. But she would never have guessed just how wide the issue spread. In just a few minutes she counted sixteen people who were either pissing or shitting outdoors... and those were just the ones who were too desperate or too drunk to bother hiding it very well.

Alana checked her phone. The only band she really wanted to watch all day were due to start in a few minutes. So, still unable to believe what she was seeing around her, she hurried back towards the main stage with the churros.

She made it back to her friends with a few minutes to spare before the band was due to start, and eagerly relaid what she'd seen. "People are pissing and shitting all over the place," she told them, "there's just not enough toilets".

"I'm not surprised," Megan said, lifting her sunglasses off her head, "next time I need a wee I'm just gonna go over there. Fuck queueing another half an hour".

The others seemed to agree, to Alana's surprise. But she decided that she, too, would follow the lead of the people she'd seen emptying their bladders outside next time she had to go. She already felt a little twinge in her bladder just thinking about it. But she wasn't sure she would be as happy to take a dump outside, especially with no toilet paper.

Soon Becky was back with five more drinks, and the band was about to start. Alana pushed thoughts of pee and poop to the back of her mind once again. She still had more room in her bladder for now, so she drunk up again.

###

It would have been bad enough if Alana was dying for a pee by the time the set came to a close. She knew her body well enough to know that that was a possibility, anyway. But she had forgotten all about the risk of the urge to take her evening poo coming on a little early, spurred on by the bucketloads of unhealthy food she and her friends had gobbled down over the course of the day. Her bowels first stirred just after the first song started and got steadily stormier until she was having to clench her cheeks closed just to keep it in.

In truth, though, she was having too good a time to tear herself away from the band prematurely. The booze had warmed her blood (and gotten her completely wasted in the process), and she pushed right o the front to dance and sing every word at the top of her lungs. Even towards the back end of the show, when she was really starting to feel bursting, it only dampened Alana’s spirits a little. Besides, when she heard the opening guitar riff of one song, she knew she wouldn’t have to wait much longer- this was the tune they always closed a set with.

Sure enough, by the end of the song the crowd was going crazy and the band we’re walking off stage. Alana took that as her cue to turn and get out of there, squeezing past dozens of cheering fans. Most people at the front were staying for the last two bands of the night, so Alana passed them all until she reached her friends- who also wanted to stick around.

“I really need the toilet,” she told them, almost having to yell over the crowd behind her, “I’ll be back here as soon as I can!”

As luck would have it, none of her friends wanted the toilet, so she would have to go alone. For once Alana was grateful for the solitude. Her bowels wouldn’t wait much longer, and she was starting to suspect that she’d be forced to do something of which some of them probably wouldn’t approve- take a crap on the grass, preferably somewhere with enough coverage that no passersby could see her arse squeezing it out.

Alana pushed through the crowd, but at least half the spectators had also chosen this moment for a toilet break, it seemed. It felt like there were thousands of them, all positioned just the right way to block her path and all moving so damn slowly that she almost couldn’t believe it. It was like some supernatural force had placed this army of human slugs there to force her to shit her panties. Within a few minutes she was genuinely worried that they would make her have an accident. Either that or she started a stampede to get through them, which seemed appealing to her now even if the possibility of a mass human crush was very much real.

After what felt like an era, Alana spilt out into a bit of space, right at the back of where the crowd had formed on the main lawn. She stumbled free of the sea of people and looked over at the toilet block. It took one glance to tell Alana that everything she’d feared was true: there was just no way she would make it in time if she tried to line up there. She would have to find somewhere else to conduct her urgent business. So she pushed on, knowing that even without toilet paper this was her only option.

The crowd thinned out some more and soon Alana was walking freely again, with enough space for people to flow in the other direction without almost crashing into her. She was near the limits of both her bladder and bowels, making walking more difficult than ever. A few times she thought she might have leaked into her shorts, only for her fingers to come away dry and Alana to breathe a sigh of relief.

For now- only for now- she was just about getting away with it. It felt incredible to finally find herself in the place where other guests had been going in the bushes earlier.

But this time something was different. She looked to where she’d seen the woman having a poo earlier and saw two stern-looking police officers instead, hands in pockets, watching everything. Even as drunk as she was, and as desperate as she was, Alana knew better than to try and go to the toilet here. She knew people who had been arrested for public indecency- even when they’d tried to explain that they had been about to have an accident, the cops had put them in the back of the car anyway.

There was no way Alana could go here… but she needed to go somewhere, that much was beyond doubt. She had no more than a matter of seconds before losing control. There was one more place where she might be able to make it before then.

Alana kept walking, barely holding on now. She needed to get past the trees and out of sight of the officers. The last thing she needed was to have an accident here, where so many people would see. Knowing her luck she was bound to bump into someone she knew if that happened.

Alana stole another glance over her shoulder, checking to see that neither of the policemen were following. Now they were far away enough that she could barely make out either fluorescent jacket. Every step felt like it could be the last before she started to void her bowels into her underwear, and doubtless a total loss of bladder control would soon follow. Alana wasn't sure whether to squeeze her crotch or her butt, so in the end she alternated between both, trying to apply pressure to whichever muscle needed the most support in the moment.

Before she had even realised it, Alana found herself surrounded by people again. Under the dim lighting of a clouded moon, she saw a shape moving behind the bushes. Then another followed, and her drunken eyes made out two people. One of them was squatting over the grass, while the other- a boyfriend, she guessed- seemed to be peeing into the hedge. Alana glanced around and spotted another guy taking a leak against a nearby wall. Clearly, this place was out of the reach of the cops, if they even cared. It would have to do.

She rushed off the main path and behind a line of trees, where right away she was met with a handful more toilet-goers. Her fingers fumbled for the button of her shorts, missing on the first try in her stupor. Alana spurted pee into her panties again- hot, fast and too sudden to stop. She could feel herself turtleheading at the back. The second leak came quickly; she knew that it would turn into a heavy flow long before she could do anything about it. Steeling herself, Alana tried again... and this time the button came loose.

Relief was so close that she could almost taste it. Alana went to squat over the mud and let it rip, but her left foot slipped on the wet surface and she went sprawling. For a second she put out her arms in a last-ditch effort to get her balance back, but it was far too late, and Alana hit the mud with a loud splat. She could barely hold her arms up to cushion the fall, too drunk to keep her footing anymore.

The impact of hitting the ground proved to be the final straw for Alana. At once she felt her bladder give in, and hot piss was suddenly streaming down her legs, soaking through the fabric of her shorts and running along her thighs. At the same instant she started to shit her pants. Her tight hole was forced open by the first log, a monster turd wet and loose enough to squish into her panties. The squelching, farting sound it made was unmistakable even over faint music coming from a nearby stage.

She tried to get to her feet, but a combination of severe drunkenness and the exhaustion her body was going through made it impossible to stand. All Alana could still do was push herself up into some pathetic, almost foetal crouching position and let it happen. She curled up into a ball and felt her panties fill up with warm brown sludge. Her pee soaked into the bush she hadn't bothered to trim, already beginning to give off that familiar, salty scent. It felt like a long time before she stopped going in her pants.

At last, when the final few drops of pee were drained out of her bladder, Alana managed to get back onto her own two shaky feet. People were staring. She couldn't stay here. So she fled, walking as fast as she could manage inconspicuously and rounding the corner into the market area of the festival. Before long she was gone, well out of sight of the piss puddle she had left on the ground. Anyone who had seen what she'd done was miles away now. And they weren't going to catch up with her.

Alana went to one of the stalls selling clothes. Anything- literally anything- would do. She got out her debit card and started to look for some new trousers. They didn't even need to fit her- as long as they weren't filled to near overflow with her own poop, they were better than what she had on. When she got back to her friends wearing a brand new pair of trousers, she could just tell them she’d seen a pair she liked. Whether they were dumb enough to believe her was a very different question.

###

There was nothing quite like the feeling of walking through the dark city streets absolutely shit-faced. Alana was too drunk to speak as she followed the flock back to their flat, wincing away from the brightness every time she passed beneath a streetlight. Every now and then a car would roar past, but Alana couldn't focus on any more than colour and shape. Sometimes, her brain tuned in and out of the drunken conversations her friends were having, like she was listening to a broken radio. Even the cold night air only did a little to sober her tired brain.

They had only left the club ten minutes ago, only because the staff were starting to get ready for closing time. It was a Thursday, and it had been Wednesday when they'd arrived. None of the girls had a class until the next afternoon, so they decided to take advantage of cheap drinks and free entry at a nightclub just down the road from their usual haunts. It had been nothing special, they all agreed... but those prices certainly went a long way to making it feel like one of the best nights out in town. You could get drunk out of your mind for half the cost of a bigger bar. And there was a free coke machine in the corner. All in all, not a bad find.

Alana had mostly walked with her head down, following the feet of her friends, but now she was starting to recognise the streets around them. Though they'd taken a different route home, the flat was nearby. She was content to trail behind them a little, and every now and then someone- usually Megan- would glance back to make sure she wasn't falling too far from the pack. None of them wanted to explain to Alana's parents how they'd lost her somewhere in the Northern Quarter just before sunrise.

Her skimpy outfit wasn't doing much to keep out the cold, but it was at least clean and dry, of which Alana was more than a little proud. This was one of the first nights all month where she'd managed to avoid an accident. That wasn't to say there hadn't been close calls- she'd almost pissed herself in the queue for the toilets once- but when she'd left the club with her outfit undamaged, it was hard not to be pleased with herself.

Almost before she knew it, Alana's group were walking up the road to their student hall building again. Out of nothing she remembered how many times she'd made this journey with her parents, the day she moved in. They'd gone up and down the stairs until her legs were aching and her back felt sore, and she'd only wanted them to drive off so that she could settle in and take a crap.

The stairwell was infinitely warmer than outside, so they shuffled in like penguins searching for heat. Alana needed to pee. She hadn't even realised until they were inside, but now here it was. She followed her friends up the first set of stairs, everyone still talking drunkenly- experience had shown that anyone inside the flats wouldn't be able to hear a word they were saying.

If there was one thing Alana hated about these flats, it was the stairs. Every time she wanted to get back to her bed, it took what felt like half an hour of trekking up bizarrely steep steps before she could even reach the front door. More than once she'd fantasised about buying a chairlift for the building, though her budgets were sadly limiting.

The five girls split up at the summit. A couple liked to head to the kitchen to drink some water and unwind before bed, and sometimes Alana joined them, but tonight she just wanted to strip off, take a leak and climb beneath her sheets. She had a class in ten hours that she couldn't afford to miss, hungover or not.

So she said goodnight to her friends and watched them disappear off, some to the kitchen and some to their own rooms. They fumbled through the dark; none of them liked to turn on the lights in this state.

The first thing Alana always felt when she got back into her room at night was a blast of heat. She always turned on her radiator before she went out, to keep the cold out for when she got home. It was October, after all, and the evenings were getting chillier by the week. She'd come to love the warmth of her room, even if it always left her sweaty when she woke up.

Before the door even closed she was already stripping off her clothes. Her phone and purse were chucked unceremoniously on the desk. Off came the skimpy little top she wore to make her boobs look bigger, then her jeans, her underwear. All of it joined the top of a growing pile on the floor, which she tended to sort out every week or so, when she could be bothered. It felt great to be naked in a hot room.

Then Alana stumbled into her bathroom, the door to which was permanently wide open these days. She sat on the toilet, the lid of which was permanently wide open these days. Her bladder let go without much prompting. Alana leaned over, sighed and let it out, hearing her pee hiss into the bowl loudly. She squeezed her left breast idly as she pissed. Her nipples had gone rock hard from the cold air outside, but now she could feel them getting soft and small again, adjusting to the heat of the room.

When she was done Alana didn't even bother wiping. She climbed off the toilet and across to her bed, where she slipped between the sheets and fell asleep in seconds.

###

As Alana slept, night turned gradually into day. The sun that eventually emerged was not a warm one, but it did enough to light the streets of the city- and mostly dry away the puddles of piss students had left in alleyways and around street corners. Anything more solid than that would take a little longer to disappear, unless some poor sap stuck on community service happened to stumble on it while doing the morning rounds.

Outside of the artificially heated cocoon of Alana's bedroom, the air was still tinged with ice by the time morning gave way to afternoon. But inside she was only just waking up. Her eyes opened with the last dredges of a strange dream still buzzing in her brain. She'd been naked, of that much she was certain... little bits and pieces of the dream stuck around in her memory while the rest quickly faded. She remembered the feeling of finding herself without a thread of cloth on her body, and seeing other people staring at her. Had she been peeing in the dream? Maybe. Alana had dreamt like that before. She suspected it was some subconscious manifestation of the humiliation she'd felt in recent months, every time she had a drunken accident in front of people she barely knew.

Alana rolled over and stretched to pick her phone off the desk. One naked, dark breast slipped out from beneath the duvet, hanging heavily. The other one, the smaller one by far, stayed safely buried below her blanket and kept warm. She had to blink when she saw the clock to make sure her eyes weren't tricking her- one-fifty-one. Her lecture- the one she couldn't afford to miss unless she wanted to screw up her course after less than a month- started in nine minutes.

Alana hurled herself out of bed, suddenly panicked. The walk from her room to the lecture hall took about five minutes if she hurried, but that left her with literally no time to waste. She needed to act fast. She crossed the room towards her closet- but a sudden ache in her bladder forced her to take a detour. If Alana didn't pee before she left, she'd be desperate by the time she got there.

Nothing was more frustrating than sitting on the toilet, naked as the day she was born, waiting for her bladder to finish draining so that she could get up and pull on some clothes. Her piss seemed to go on forever, like someone was magically filling her up with more and more fluids as she went, creating an endless flow.

The hangover felt very real all of a sudden. She hadn't felt too bad lying down, nor while she was rushing around the place, but now that she was captive to this one plastic seat Alana was hit with a banging headache and a heavy sickness in her gut. This was already starting to feel like one of the worst mornings she'd had all month.

Alana squeezed her bladder muscles, and the speed of her flow picked up a little. To an observer, the only evidence would have been the way the sound of her pee hissing into the water tuned up in pitch. At this heavier rate, she finally started to run out of piss, but that wasn't quick enough for her. Toilet roll was being dragged over her pussy before she'd even finished peeing, soaking the paper so much it broke apart. While Alana pulled the metal flush, her other hand used a wet hand towel to wipe the urine from her fingers.

To make matters worse, Alana was positive that she had to take a dump. The feeling in her stomach- bloated and full- made that quite plain. She hadn't even gone the night before, which happened only once in a blue moon, so it was no wonder she really needed one now. A fart slipped out, and within a second a pungent smell hit her nostrils.

Alana always had to take a shit in the mornings, but after a night of heavy drinking she would always produce something far bigger and far worse for anyone within smelling range. Yet this morning she knew she couldn't. It would take her five minutes, ten if it was a messy one, and she couldn't risk being late to the lecture. Their professor had a reputation for being extremely strict, and she sometimes turned latecomers away from her classes. So Alana swore under her breath and stepped away from the bathroom. She'd have to hold it.

Next she went to her closet and yanked the doors open so hard they almost came off their hinges. She grabbed a pair of panties, a bra and two socks from her underwear box, abandoning all her usual concern over whether they matched or even whether they were clean. Right now she'd take a thong with skidmarks in the back, as long as she had something to wear within the next ten seconds. And she did have a thong with skidmarks in the back somewhere in that box.

Once they were thrown on, along with the warmest top she could find at a moment's notice, Alana fished out the only pair of jeans she hadn't worn yet since moving to university. They were miles too big for her around the waist. Alana owned a belt, but the lazy bastard inside of her couldn't be bothered with the effort, so she'd left the jeans untouched so far.

Now her favourite pair had picked up a hole the size of Uruguay, and her other two were still damp from the last wash, so Alana had to resort to this giant's garment. She fed the belt through the loops as fast as she could manage. Even with the belt, the jeans were a little loose around even her wide hips, and she had to pull it as tight as it would go just to make the things fit before fastening it securely.

Finally dressed, Alana could start shoving everything she might need into her bag. In went her laptop (barely charged), notebook, pens and pencils, a spare phone charger and a pair of tissues in case she needed to blow her nose. This was standard lecture gear for Alana, but she'd unpacked most of it the day before while tidying and forgotten to put it all back in.

In the heat of the room, the stench of her farts was beyond unpleasant. It didn't take a genius to work out that she must've done plenty in her sleep to reach this strength.

By some miracle she managed to be out of her room and walking down the stairs while her phone still gave her just over five minutes before the lecture started. If she walked quickly she'd make it.

It wasn't until Alana was out on the streets again that she realised she didn't remember getting home the night before. In fact- come to think of it, she couldn't really remember any of the evening. The other downside was that the fresh air had only made her hangover worse. She could never understand how some drinkers felt less ill after a walk.

And it wasn't like she was just hungover, either. Crossing the road outside her building, Alana started to realise that she may still have been a little drunk. That wasn't too unusual for her on the nights she went really heavy, but those tended to be Friday or Saturday events where she was free to spend the morning after in bed, usually eating junk food, sleeping or masturbating. This morning she was forced to walk past dozens of people outside, and all the sounds and sights were coming up somehow short of how her fully sober self would perceive them.

At least she could feel glad that she’d been for a wee before leaving- there was little doubt that she’d be in serious trouble if she’d tried to hold her morning-after drunken piss until she got to the lecture hall. If there’d been a queue at the toilets, for example, there was no way Alana would’ve lasted the whole class without wetting her pants. She’d made the mistake of trying before, and that had been a disastrous hour for which she’d been so focussed on holding her pussy and squirming that she’d completely neglected to actually pay attention.

Thanks to a walk at what felt like twice a normal pace, Alana tore into the lecture hall just thirty seconds or so before it was due to begin. The hall was a vast space with hundreds of seats, but in this class of only ninety or so students there was no shortage of empty chairs. Alana always sat near the front on the left side, with Becky to her right. Her friend was already there with her laptop set up when Alana came bumbling to her seat, bag bouncing against her back behind her with each speedy step.

"I did not expect to see you here," Becky said with a grin, her eyes slightly incredulous.

Alana wasn't in the mood. "What does that mean?"

"You were fucked last night". The girl laughed, then turned her attention to the front of the room just as their lecturer stood and came to the front of her desk. "When you didn't show up in the kitchen all morning I assumed you were giving this one a miss".

Before Alana could respond, the stern-faced woman before them started talking. Alana was already behind. By the time she'd opened her laptop and set up a new file to take notes on, their lecturer was onto the second slide.

She did what she could to concentrate on the task at hand. It baffled her that Becky could seem so normal beside her- she hadn't been that much drunker than her friends, surely? And yet she was apparently the only one who had slept in until well into the afternoon, she was probably the only one who felt like shit now. Was she just bad at handling her booze? Maybe she wasn't as used to it as the others, and that was why she was so accident-prone when she got drunk. Maybe, maybe, maybe. It was all just guesswork as far as she was concerned.

As the lecture dragged on, Alana only started to feel worse and worse, however. She couldn't tell exactly what was wrong, but something foul and poisonous was inside her and it needed to come out somewhere. The trouble was that she felt just as likely to throw up as to shit her pants. But the lecturer was only now getting to the parts she really needed to know, so Alana forced herself to stay and listen, ignoring her body as best she could.

Alana sincerely hoped that she wasn't about to be sick. It made her think of her school days, when every now and then a kid would puke on the carpet. Everyone would be a little grossed out and then forget about it. She wasn't a kid anymore, and this wasn't school. If she threw up in the lecture hall, people would remember her face- including her teacher. Even the ones who didn't know her name would see her as the girl who puked in class. She didn't want to think about how much shame that would bring.

Eventually, despite her best efforts to stoically carry on, Alana started to get the feeling that something very bad was seconds away from happening. Her whole body hurt horribly, centred on the stomach that hadn't stopped cramping since she'd gotten out of bed. A sense of doom filled her head. She had no choice left. She had to get out of there before she did something disgusting.

Alana slammed her laptop closed a little harder than she intended, making Becky jump and look over, startled. She didn’t want to look at any of the other students as she got up from her seat. From the front of the class, the only way to leave without crossing right in front of the teacher was via the exits at the rear, right at the top of the room. Alana could practically feel the eyes on her as she climbed up the steps, but she didn’t raise her own gaze past waist height. She couldn’t bare to see them watching.

The corridor she spilled out into was a fraction of the size of the lecture hall, but it felt a thousand times bigger. Here she could breathe again, and there was nobody else to see her at this time of day. Alana’s relief, though, was short-lived. Her body was urging her to get to the bathroom as soon as possible- and she had no choice but to oblige. In her panic it took her a couple of seconds to remember where the nearest toilet was. She shot off towards it like a hungover bullet, praying that nobody would come around the corner until she was well out of sight.

The rush towards the bathroom left no doubt in Alana’s mind that she was still feeling the effects of the booze from the night before. Her head was spinning when she turned each bend and her legs felt weaker than paper. In the background, somewhere, she heard two people talking and a woman laugh. Was she laughing at Alana? No, that didn’t make sense, nobody had seen her. Besides, the woman was too far away. But she could be rushing towards them, running into a roadblock. Her stomach turned over again.

Alana found herself staring at a silver square with the black silhouette of a woman in a dress on it, the universal sign for a ladies’ toilet she’d seen a thousand times before. She shook herself awake again and charged through, pushing the door open with her shoulder, then through the second door tucked just inside, the one that had never served any purpose other than to delay desperate women even further. There was nobody else in the bathroom, she could tell from just a glance. It was just her- a minor mercy at best. She took the closest stall.

Even turning to lock the door was agony, and her gut squeezed like a vice. Alana knew now- she had to shit, and right away. There was no more doubt. Her fingers went to her belt buckle… the buckle she’d never had to undo before, and the one she’d pulled inexplicably tight that morning. It wouldn’t budge.

Alana swore loudly and readjusted her grip. She was squeezing the leather strap with her whole hand, and squeezing her bum shut with the rest of her strength, but neither were doing any good. No matter how much she pulled it wasn’t coming undone.

Just as she thought she was getting there, Alana’s stomach gave one final, sickening convulsion. With that she lost the battle. Control was wrestled out of her grip as easily as a grown man could take something from a child. She felt it squirt from her asshole, thick, slimy and impossibly hot. Alana groaned and kept trying to yank the belt out of place, but she got nothing for her efforts. The second spasm hit and sent more messy shit flying into her panties. She could already feel it soaking her bum, spreading across ever square inch. A trickle of warm brown water had escaped her panties already and was dribbling down her left thigh.

There was more, too, more than she could remember ever doing before. Alana had experienced diarrhoea; this was a whole other level of mess, a seemingly endless stream of thick poop that wouldn’t stop. Every time she thought she was almost done another cramp attacked her and more sludge filled her underwear until they started to sag from the weight in those godforsaken loose jeans.

This, Alana decided, was it- without a doubt the lowest point of her life. She'd thought she had hit rock bottom in the shower after that party the week before, but standing there, poop running down her legs, she saw all at once how this moment was so much worse. She had no excuses about being too hammered to get to the toilet, or something else getting in her way. She had simply been unable to hold it for another second and now she was paying the price for it. As much as she wanted to cry, Alana held back the tears. The only thing she could afford to focus on now was getting the hell out of there and back to her flat as soon as possible.

Infuriatingly, she found that her belt came undone rather easily once she wasn't worried about shitting in her pants anymore. She unhooked it and had to resist the temptation to rip the damn thing off and flush it down the toilet. Next came the dreaded shimmy of jeans around ankles, followed by her shit-stained underwear. She had to lower them carefully to try and minimise the damage on the floor. Alana could never have brought herself to leave poop on the floor for some poor cleaner to wipe up, but that didn't mean she wanted to be scrubbing any more poo herself than she absolutely had to.

Stepping out of her shoes, then jeans, and finally threading the pants over her feet was a slow and painful process. She didn't even contemplate trying to salvage them. They went straight in the toilet with the rest of it.

She sent Becky a cry for help over text. It was only nine words long.

In toilets by IT block. Bring my bag. Pls x

Alana locked her phone and put her elbows on her skinny knees. She knew there was more to come out of her; she could feel it bubbling away like venom. With a deep breath, she bore down and pushed out another spurt. The sound of it hitting the water made her want to recoil. If there had been anyone else in the room, she was quite sure she would have died of embarrassment. Buried underneath all of that there was a relief she was getting it out of her system- but still Alana felt ill, in a way that didn't have anything to do with pooping anymore.

Becky responded after a moment with a simple on my way! and Alana finally ran out of poop to expunge. She did her best to wipe her butt, but it was taking her twice as much paper as the already-huge amount she usually needed. The runny mess had spread onto her butt cheeks, her legs and almost as far as her pussy, and it quickly proved impossible to get rid of all the stains that had already started to dry. The best she could do would be to get most of it off and rush home for a long shower.

In the end she had only managed to sit through about half of that crucial lecture. She'd need Becky to fill in her in later. No doubt her classmates would see Becky carrying Alana's bag up the stairs and out, and they'd get a pretty good idea of what had happened.

That didn't mean that Alana was any less grateful when the bathroom door swung open a minute later and Becky handed the bag over the stall door before disappearing back to class. Most girls would have stayed to check if Alana was okay, but Becky seemed to know her well enough to sense that she wanted to be alone in this moment. The smell in the room left nothing to the imagination, anyway.

Finally, Alana pulled her loose trousers back up. She hated going commando in jeans- the denim always rubbed against her pussy in uncomfortable ways- but it needed to be done so she could leave. When she slung the bag over her shoulder, though, her stomach whirled again.

Alana spun on the spot just in time to throw up violently into the toilet bowl, splashing the porcelain sides with puke.

###

Alana woke up already needing to take a dump, which she supposed was typical.

She was back at her own house, and it took her a little while to remember why. Gone were the untidy vibes of her room back at university- here her room was kept painfully neat, if only to keep her mum quiet. Sunlight streamed in through the crack where she'd forgotten to close her curtains, and the bedsheets felt fresh and dry. The only thing that remained exactly the same no matter where she was in the morning was that familiar feeling of needing to poop.

Automatically, her hand reached across the pillow and picked up her phone, which had spent the night face-down on the bed- the only thing that had slept with her lately, she was disappointed to report. A quick check of her lock screen revealed that it was well past nine in the morning, which could only mean she'd overslept and was set to disappoint her parents yet again.

She didn't much care. Her sister was getting married today, to a rich guy with a bright future. Nothing she did today was exactly going to make her the favourite daughter.

She slipped out from between the sheets and got to her feet, naked, just the way she liked it. She wasn't allowed to get drunk here or listen to loud music or watch Netflix, but at least sleeping sans pyjamas was one thing she enjoyed that her parents had long since given up trying to stop her doing. There'd be time to deal with the wedding crap in five minutes, but first she needed to go to the toilet and sit down for a while.

The house's upstairs bathroom was all the way down the hall from Alana's room, so getting from the latter to the former in the morning involved traipsing naked across the entire first floor, something she'd long since gotten used to doing. Unless relatives were staying over, nobody was exactly going to stare at her tits or ass, or the tight little bush between her thighs. She had nothing to be shy about.

Alana didn't bother to close the bathroom door before she sat on the toilet and started to pee. She never closed it while she was on the toilet unless her father came upstairs, which was rare during the day. It felt far more spacious in the tight little closet of a room to leave it open.

As with every morning, her stream was forceful and went on for a long time. It gave her plenty of time to start thinking about the wedding again, a day she'd been dreading for a while. Her twenty-three year old sister already getting married while Alana herself had never had so much as a proper boyfriend- it was enough to bum anyone out. Back at uni, there were all sorts of distractions to take her mind off the upcoming big day, but at home she had nothing.

She felt her morning piss taper off into a little dribble after a while. That freed her up to focus on pushing out something much more urgent. Alana almost moaned out loud as her hole began to open up, and a firm log poked its head out of her.

Someone in her family chose that exact moment to start climbing the stairs, and Alana had to lean forward to pull the bathroom door until it was mostly closed. Her poop slipped back inside her colon from the sudden movement. But nobody said anything, and soon the footsteps were heading back down the stairs after a detour into her parents room.

Alana herself had no problem taking a shit with her family present- it was how she'd done things for most of her life, after all, and she saw no good reason why that should change. But after she'd hit puberty- a late bloomer, Alana hadn't developed boobs or pubes until she was well into her teens- her parents had made it very clear that they wanted her to start keeping her body private. She hadn't really listened; she still slept naked, walked around in the house barely dressed and used the toilet with the door wide open. But on this particular morning she didn't much want to give either parent a reason to get pissed at her, so she indulged their more prudish tendencies just this once.

The log started coming out again then, getting longer and thicker until the widest point had passed through her hole. Alana basked in the feeling. It was a far cry from the involuntary, unstoppable accidents she'd had so many times in the last month. After shitting herself a fair few times she'd forgotten how nice a good poo could be in the mornings.

When she was finished she wiped her arse as always. It took her a good two dozen wipes, as usual, and it hadn't escaped Alana's attention that her mum had stocked up on toilet paper in preparation for her arrival. There was a whole pile of the stuff beside the toilet. She couldn't complain- she'd get through at least a couple of rolls on her own in the few days she'd be back here. It was just the way her body worked, and there didn't seem to be anything she could do about it.

Alana dumped the last of the poopy paper in the bowl and got up, giving the toilet no more than a cursory flush to make sure at least most of it went down. She paid no attention to the skidmarks down the side that had most definitely not been there before she got up. Then she flicked on the shower and crossed back into her room, remembering how long it took the water to warm up here. That was one thing she definitely didn't miss about home when she was in the city- in her flat, the shower water would always come out hot right away.

Those weeks since moving into university had been the first month of Alana's life where she hadn't been walking naked down the corridor outside her room, but she slipped right back into the routine on her first morning back at home, easy as you like. But then came the bit she'd been dreading. She made her bed (roughly enough) and went to her wardrobe, where the dress she'd been forced to wear today was waiting for her, mocking her. She hated the thing with a passion. But her attempts to get out of wearing it had proven utterly fruitless. So she lay it out on the bed. Beside it went a pair of light pink cotton panties and a bubblegum-coloured bra, both of which she'd decided on the night before. A pair of tight, short-cut socks completed the outfit, while her shoes were waiting downstairs.

Anyone who knew Alana knew that this was the kind of outfit she wouldn't be seen dead in unless she had any other choice. The dress was garish pink, which was why she'd chosen the underwear. The only two colours she liked herself in- white and black- were apparently 'not appropriate for a bridesmaid', she'd been told. She'd replied that if she was a bridesmaid she should've been allowed to go on the hen night, but she hadn't received her invite yet.

Alana left the outfit there for now and tried to forget she would soon have to actually put it on. She returned to the bathroom and shut the door, wanting it all to steam up until she could barely see properly. When she stepped under the water, it was already scalding hot. She liked it that way.

While one of the biggest moments of her sister's life crept closer downstairs, Alana let herself soak in the shower and pretend she wasn't going.

####

The rest of the family had been gathered in the living room for hours by the time Alana finally came downstairs to see them. She had no desire to spend any more time than she had to watching grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins fawn over her sister in her wedding dress, nor did Alana care for anyone to spend too long looking at what she was wearing. It only helped a touch that she wasn't the only person being made to don something so disgustingly pink, but nobody else seemed to hate it as much as she did.

After she'd pooped, spent far too long in the shower, got dressed, put on a touch of make-up and then spent twenty minutes on her phone trying to delay the inevitable, Alana dragged herself downstairs, thinking that she risked the ire of her mother if she put it off any longer. In reality, almost nobody paid her any attention when she got downstairs, and she was suddenly quite sure none of them would have noticed if she'd sat in her room for the rest of the morning.

It was almost lunchtime by then, and some of the relatives had seen fit to open the champagne already. The only thing Alana had been looking forward to about this wedding was the alcohol. Seeing some of them starting this early was a stroke of inspiration for her- if she could get tipsy, she might not hate herself quite as much while the rest of the family was singing hymns and hugging like weirdos.

Her own alcohol was in a cupboard at the back of the room, still untouched from before she'd left in the summer, barely opened. It didn't take much sneaking around to go there, under the guise of getting more glasses for the rest of the family. With nobody paying her any attention, it was the easiest thing in the world for Alana to slip the vodka under her dress and hold it in place with a well-positioned hand. Suddenly she hated the dress just a little less; at least it had a use for something.

Alana excused herself and nipped back upstairs, knowing that the rest of the family would just assume she needed the toilet- she still had a reputation for having a small bladder amongst her family, even though in reality she'd grown out of that years before.

She carried her drink with her. Ordinarily her parents would have said something. This was no ordinary day; they were far too busy gushing over her sister to even care. Alana was starting to like the way the morning was going more and more.

Up in her room, she dug around in her bedside table for something she knew must still be in there. It was a big silver flask that had come as a freebie from a cocktail bar earlier that year. She lifted it triumphantly. The thing wasn't exactly discreet, but it was a hell of a lot easier to carry than a bottle of vodka.

Alana felt like a scientist as she tipped the spirit into the flask, stopping just before it overflowed. Then she poured another splash of Smirnoff into the drink she already had and took it back downstairs with her, leaving the bottle hidden in her room to be moved back to its rightful place later. The flask, she found, fit snugly in her pants, and nobody could see the bulge thanks to this ridiculous puffy dress. Downstairs everyone was still going on about Lucy. Alana took a huge swig of her newly-made vodka and orange juice, letting it slide down her throat. She tried to tune out the waffle.

Around midday, the time came to head to the church. Alana would be travelling with her parents, an uncle and a cousin in one car, which suited her just fine because it meant she wouldn't be expected to do any of the talking. Already she felt tipsy when the car pulled away and started south. Maybe, if she kept going like this, it wouldn't be too awful a day after all.

###

The ceremony, which had been just as cringe-inducing as Alana had expected, was drawing to a close at last. And even she had to admit that the turnout was impressive- the groom would have to take all the credit for that, because Lucy barely had anyone there she wasn’t related to. She’d been in this church plenty of times and never seen it so packed. She’d also never wanted to throw up in it before, so there were first times for everything, she supposed. Alana was starting to need to pee from the booze, but it wasn’t exactly urgent yet.

As the newlyweds left down the aisle, presumably overjoyed that neither would have to wear pink tonight, the rest of the guests started filing out behind them. Alana had little choice other than to join the procession, which was heading for the reception venue only half a mile away. Some of the younger men had good-naturedly offered to carry Lucy over the muddy puddles that had formed in that morning’s showers, but Alana was clearly going to have to brave the unfortunate weather like a peasant. If she was lucky she might trip and ruin her dress.

The booze was coming out all over the party now, with waiters serving champagne flutes to guests pretty much the second they stepped over the church ground limits. Alana was more than happy to join in on that front- she picked up her own glass and gulped it down in seconds. She wasn't a fan of fizz sober, but while she walked there getting progressively tipsier it tasted glorious. She wasn't sure exactly how much alcohol she'd had- Alana just knew that it was enough to make her hate the day slightly less, which was all she'd wanted from it anyway.

Not that anyone was noticing, as far as Alana could tell. She'd had enough experience at pretending to be sober around her parents. The trick was to take a deep breath and think about every word before she spoke. Luckily, they didn't think this was anything strange- Alana had always been a slow talker, especially in her teenage years. Some people thought it was because her brain wasn't up to speed, but her parents knew better. They knew that she talked slow because she didn't trust herself not to blurt out anything that might offend someone, particularly when family was around.

She allowed herself to be swept up into the river of relatives and family friends, and before long they were flocking into the venue, an ultra-fancy building that only Lucy's rich new groom could afford. Alana wasn't shocked to be told that her seat wasn't at the main table with her parents. She didn't even want to listen to their lame excuses about her not being available for the rehearsal dinner; the champagne made it hard to care too much about something as stupid as where she was meant to sit. So she found her table, then headed past it to the bar. The other advantage of Lucy marrying into a wealthy family was the gallons of booze they'd arranged to be served to the guests for free. And with her parents sitting miles away there was nobody to disapprove while she drank as much as she wanted.

Alana walked up to the barman, a handsome young-looking man in a waistcoat that she wouldn't have minded taking off. His name tag said Tom.

"You serve doubles?" she asked him when he came over. He shook his head. "Well, let me persuade you. This is my sister's wedding and I just found out I'm not sitting with my family. Oh, and I'm missing a house party for this. There's supposed to be a pool".

"Is that a double vodka or gin?" he asked with a grin.

Alana smiled back. "I like you, Tom," she told him.

###

An hour went by and soon Alana was dying for a piss. Food had been served and eaten, and with it she'd had another drink courtesy of Tom. The more alcohol she poured down her throat, the more it felt like a good idea to pour down more, until she was well and truly drunk. That liquid needed to come out somewhere- her bladder was urging her, begging her to get up and go to the toilet, but she didn't want to go until she'd finished her meal at least. Part of that was just drunken laziness, in truth.

Even after she had finished eating, Alana was forced to squirm and writhe in her seat. Relatives who she hadn't seen in years kept coming up to her wanting to catch up. Some of them she remembered and even liked, but most of them were distant cousins that Alana found she had nothing to say to. None of them seemed to notice that she was clearly desperate to use the bathroom. The trouble was that, even if she could get away, the lines for the restrooms were already long. It looked like there were too many guests for a venue of this size, and the queues to pee were proof of that.

She had heard from an aunt that the speeches would be starting soon, which sounded like a terrible idea to Alana, but it had given her a solid plan: nobody would be rude enough to get up and go to the bathrooms while the bride and groom's family were talking, so the lines would disappear. When the speeches finished she could rush ahead of everyone else and skip the line altogether. It would just take another twenty minutes or so of holding. She could manage twenty minutes... surely?

Just as that aunt (or had it been a great aunt?) had predicted, after a few more minutes the crowd hushed as Alana's dad stood to make his toast. She squirmed her way through his speech, then it was the turn of Lucy. By now, Alana was firmly squeezing her pussy under the table with one hand. She had to. Without that grip, she was sure, it would be impossible to hold it. She felt herself getting closer and closer to an accident while her sister droned on, the desperation intensifying.

She pulled her chair close to the table to try and hide the fact that one hand was up that pink dress, grabbing her crotch. The sudden movement did her in. She felt the palm of her hand turn warm and wet all at once, and couldn't help gasping out loud. She had to get to the bathrooms, and right now. Alana stood up in the middle of Lucy's speech, her chair scraping indiscreetly along the floor. Every eye in the house turned to her... and she was suddenly very aware that she was still holding her pussy. Alana let go, as much as it made her feel like she was about to wet herself.

Drunkenly she squeezed out between the gaps in the tables and into the clearing of the dance floor, but the surface below her had no grip on her fancy shoes and she went sprawling, smashing her knees before she could get her arms all the way up to break her fall. The flask she'd been hiding all day went clattering across polished wood, audibly empty now. Someone gasped. And that dress... the pink dress flew up as Alana went down, until it was practically around her waist. Her long, dark legs were exposed to the world, and so were her pink cotton panties... the ones that now bore a clear sign of the spot where she'd squirted an uncontrollable spurt of piss into them a few seconds earlier.

The impact was too much to withhold. Alana started to piss herself there and then. She tried to command her pussy to shut off, to stop spurting like a fountain, but her muscles seemed useless. Desperately, she grabbed her crotch again and tried to force her urethra closed. That didn't work either, and hot piss simply flowed through the gaps between her fingers as she helplessly massaged her mound.

A puddle of pee was growing on the dance floor below her. She could feel some of it soaking the back of her dress. Some was running down towards her knees. But mostly, worst of all, it saturated her underwear, making the dark lips of her pussy practically free-to-view for anyone who was sitting in front of her... including her stunned, silent sister and their disgusted parents.

The realisation that her cunt was visible now was the thing that finally galvanised Alana to get up and rush out of the room, hand between her legs to try and hold back the rest of the flood.

She couldn't go to the toilets; she knew that now. People would come looking for her and find her right away if she hid in a stall. The first viable option she saw instead looked like a janitor's closet. Alana yanked the door open and found it miraculously unlocked- inside was certainly some kind of broom cupboard, and that would certainly do. Beggars couldn't be choosers. Alana shut herself inside quickly, at least grateful that a tiny, grubby window gave the room some light.

The downside of not going to the toilet was that Alana still had to piss more badly than she could bear. There was only one thing for it- she tore down her soaking underwear and squatted over the janitor's bucket, trying not to sigh with relief as she let the rest of her desperate piss into the plastic. Later she'd need to find a way to empty it without being seen.

It was only then, as she stood there emptying her bladder into a mop bucket after most of it had come out in her pants in front of her whole family, that Alana caught sight of her reflection in the dim on a mirror screwed to the back of the door. Suddenly droplets were welling in her eyes, and she couldn't stop them. She burst into tears before she could even finish peeing. They ran hot and heavy down her cheeks, so much that soon salty water was dripping from her chin to her chest and nestling in that awful pink monstrosity. Alana looked away from the mirror- she hated the way her face looked when she cried, all scrunched-up and blubbery, but she couldn't help it. All she wanted to do now was weep from the shame and anger.

When Alana heard voices- her mother and another aunt- walking down the corridor, she had to muffle her cries. They were looking for her, she knew, but they would never think to open this door if she stayed quiet. The only way this day could get worse is if they found out she'd gone to the toilet in a bucket.

Alana wiped the tears from her face with her dress, already dreading having to put her drenched panties back on again.

###

Alana had missed this feeling. She'd come back to university needing nothing more than to forget the traumatic events of Lucy's wedding, and the girls had suggested a party going on in a flat downstairs that night. Alana had jumped at the chance and gone right out to buy a bottle of gin, needing to get drunk enough that she stopped replaying her public accident in her head. So far she was succeeding. The lights were low, the music was loud and Alana, though thoroughly smashed, hadn't thought about pissing herself in front of her whole family for hours now.

Being drunk in this flat was a strange experience, to say the least. It was identical aesthetically and architecturally to the one she'd lived in for the last month, but the layout was just different enough to confuse Alana, and they didn't have the big window in the kitchen that her flat did either. It also meant that, like her own, this flat didn't have a communal bathroom. One of the guys who lived here had bravely volunteered his own toilet for use by the partygoers. Alana hadn't been since leaving her own bedroom a few hours before, so she slipped out of the kitchen- where most of the action was happening- and went down the corridor. If she remembered right, the toilet to use was the second door on the left.

Alana opened the door to a dark room. Confused, she fumbled for where she knew the light switch should be, found it with her fingers and flicked it on. A topless girl was straddling a man she kind of recognised on the bed, kneeling either side of his waist. The girl's hair dangled over her face just as her firm tits dangled above the man. She looked up when the lights came on, stunned, and suddenly Alana realised that the girl was Megan. She flicked the light off again and backed out, mumbling an apology.

Back in the corridor, now she suddenly saw the line for the bathroom further down that she'd somehow missed in her desperation earlier. She joined the back, just behind a visibly desperate girl. The woman, short and skinny, had her hand between her thighs and her legs crossed over one another. She was bouncing up and down, talking to a boy beside her who was laughing at something she'd said.

The line started out in the hall and snaked all the way into the bedroom, where the toilet sat just inside the door like in Alana's dorm. As she watched, someone emerged from the bathroom. A girl dashed in after him, clearly busting to take a shit. From her eyes, Alana guessed that she was high on something that had made her need an urgent dump. Even over the music Alana heard the girl start loudly pooping through the door, and she couldn't help laughing. The laugh made a few of the other students in the queue look over at her strangely... or had they already been staring?

Alana counted the people still in front of her in line... four... no, five. A ten minute wait if she was lucky. She couldn't be arsed with that- especially not since, now she was standing up, Alana didn't feel like she even had to go anymore. The urge must have passed. So she abandoned the line, leaving the drugged-up girl to ruin that poor guy's toilet, and returned to the party.

Back in the kitchen, it was suddenly too loud for Alana to hear herself think again. That was just the way she liked it. Across the room she saw a guy she'd been flirting with, on and off, for most of the night. Standing taller than anyone else in the room, with a tight, dark fade, her eyes had been drawn to him from the moment she'd walked into the room. He was the best-dressed guy there, as well as probably the only other black student at the whole party. She hadn't got around to asking his name yet, though.

It had been him she was talking to before excusing herself to use the bathroom, and now she was back Alana went straight back over to the tall guy. She felt a rush of arousal wash over herself as she approached him- probably, she knew, because she'd walked in on Megan about to fuck some random boy. Alana was straight as a pencil, but that didn't mean she hadn't been at least a little turned on by the sight of her friend towering over him, pinning him down, heavy boobs pointing at his face.

Alana went right up to her boy, pulled him close and whispered in his ear. "Want to get out of here? My bedroom is only up the stairs".

She didn't get the reaction she'd been hoping for, though. In fact, he looked surprised to see her. "You're back already?"

Alana frowned. "Why wouldn't I be?"

"Yous said you needed the toilet, but you were only gone for a minute. Isn't there, like, a big queue?"

"I don't need to go anymore," Alana grinned, shaking her head.

"Really? You seemed desperate!"

"Nah! I'm fine now!"

Alana leaned in and gave him a kiss on the cheek, as seductively as she knew how. He seemed to like that. He winked at her and put his mouth by her ear. "Let me just tell my flatmates where I'm going, I'll meet you by the door in a minute".

Alana nodded and left him there, excited to finally get a guy back to her bed. She'd really started to need sex over the last week or so- her fingers could only do so much, and it was hard seeing her friends off pulling guys while she kept on drawing blanks. So she started to head toward the door, planning on finding one of her flatmates who wasn't Megan on the way and telling them where she was going.

It wasn't easy pushing through the hordes of people, and when she finally found some space Alana almost slipped over on a puddle where someone must've spilled a drink onto the floor. She felt damp, too, doubtless drenched in sweat. She could only hope that it wouldn't be a problem for the guy she was about to fuck. If he minded a bit of sweaty odour, she doubted she was the ideal woman for him anyway. Soon she spotted Zoe by the door, holding a drink, and went over to let her friend know she was leaving.

"I'm off," she said, having to lean in close to Zoe to be heard over the music, "I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?"

Zoe was clearly almost as drunk as Alana, and it took her a few seconds to work out what had been said. But when it hit her, she looked surprised. "Already? Why?"

"Got a boy," said Alana with a cheeky grin, "invited him back up to my room, think we're probably gonna do the nasty, if you get my drift".

"Go on!" Zoe said, looking delighted, "well done, mate! I'll tell the others where you're going and then-" She trailed off suddenly, and Alana saw her nose wrinkle up in the dim light. "Do you smell that?"

Alana sniffed the air. Right away she knew exactly what her friend was referring to. There was definitely something stinky nearby- worse than a fart, too. It was strong enough that she was even sure it was coming from someone nearby, noticeable even over the smells of booze, weed and cigarettes. It smelt like...

"Shit," Zoe said, finishing Alana's thoughts. "Someone's had a poo in here! Eww, that's rank".

"Yeah, fuck that," Alana said, "glad I'm getting out of here now".

"Well, good luck anyway," Zoe called as Alana turned to go, "don't do anything I wouldn't!"

"If I didn't do anything you wouldn't I would never get any dick," Alana pointed out with a smirk. For her cheek she earned a playful smack on the arse from Zoe... and suddenly her friend was pulling Alana back, guiding her by the shoulder, away from the door.

"What's up?"

"Wait a second," Zoe said, "you've got a wet bum. Have you sat in something?"

Alana frowned and shook her head. "Not that I know of, I haven't even sat down all night. Someone must've spilled something on me". Zoe started to pat Alana's butt again, feeling both cheeks this time and confirming that both were wet. "Is it on my front, too?"

"I can't see," Zoe admitted. She laughed awkwardly. "Do you mind if I feel your front? I won't try and feel you up, I promise".

Alana didn't mind at all. She trusted Zoe. "Nah, go for it," she said, moving her arms to make it easier to access her pussy and thighs. Soon Zoe was feeling her crotch with the back of her hand. She brought it up to her nose, sniffed, frowned.

"I think you've pissed yourself," Zoe announced.

Alana shook her head. "No, I haven't," she insisted, "I'm pretty sure I would know".

Zoe paused, confused, then extracted her phone from her pocket. Within seconds she had the flashlight on and was aiming it at Alana's bottom half. Alana glanced down. Instantly she realised it was true. She knew exactly what it looked like when she pissed in her jeans, and this was it. Around her feet on the floor was a telltale puddle that could only be her own pee. Suddenly Alana felt ill.

"Turn around," Zoe ordered. Alana was too stunned to do anything other than obey. She felt Zoe's fingers probe her butt again... only this time they weren't touching her butt. This time they were touching something else entirely, something squished up against her bum. The smell...

Zoe leaned in and said something quietly to Alana. "You've shit yourself, mate," she said, "just walk with me and be quick, before anyone else notices you smell".

Alana kept her head down and wordlessly followed her friend out of the room. She passed the guy she had promised to meet, but she couldn't meet his eye to gauge his expression. All she could do was let Zoe lead her into the hallway, trying to absorb the shock. She had filled her pants, and soaked them too, without even realising it was happening. Alana knew she'd been drunk... but this was a new low.

Stunned into silence, Alana let Zoe guide her by the wrist. The light out here was harsh and bright, almost fluorescent in nature. Shame flooded Alana even through her drunkenness. She couldn't believe what she'd done- an accident was one thing, but to not even notice... and if she'd tried to go home and fuck that boy... God, what a mess she had made, both literally and figuratively. It felt like a lot more than two sets of stairs before they arrived at the door to the flat, by which time Alana could feel the wetness on her thighs and the weight of the stinky load she'd done in her pants.

It fell to Alana to extract her room key from her pocket, almost taking her phone out with it. She buzzed them in and Zoe had the presence of mind not to turn on the light, even in pitch darkness that made it hard to see. She understood that the last thing Alana wanted right now was to be visible.

Zoe helped her to strip off. Alana didn't mind being undressed by her friend- in fact, she was immensely grateful for Zoe's wordless understanding and loyalty. Together they carried the messy, soaked clothes over to Alana's laundry basket and dumped them in.

Alana's eyes had adjusted to the darkness enough now that she could make out Zoe's figure through the black. She knew that Zoe could see her nakedness now, but found that she didn't care. A body was only a body, and she doubted Zoe would remember it in the morning. But she hated the idea of her friend missing out on the party for her sake, so she told Zoe to go back and enjoy the rest of the night, giving her a hug of exhausted, embarrassed thanks.

And so Zoe left her there, and the door eventually slammed itself shut again. Alana went to the mirror in her bathroom and grabbed the sponge she usually washed her armpit with. Roughly, and with just a dab of cold water, she started to wipe herself clean. It wasn't easy without a full shower going, but once she seemed to have most of the poop off her thighs and ass she decided it would do.

Alana threw the sponge to the side, started to walk away... and suddenly she was falling, falling onto the cold floor, and everything was turning from dark to black.

The next time Alana opened her eyes, it wasn't dark in the city anymore. Her room was flooded with light from where she'd forgotten to close her blinds, illuminating her mess of a room. She saw the hamper of laundry, sniffed the air and right away remembered what she'd done. In that basked was a pair of pissed-in, shit-on jeans that she had left there before passing out.

Alana was still lying on the cold, hard floor. At some point in the night she'd turned over onto her back, but still she was there- except now she was lying in a puddle of what felt an awful lot like piss. She ran her fingers through soaking, coarse black pubes and across her meaty labia. There was no denying it- she'd pissed on the floor in her sleep. It was going up her back and down her thighs.

Sitting up, feeling tremendously sick, Alana looked between her legs and saw the fattest shit she had ever done sitting there between them. It must have come out while she was passed out, too. She groaned and shifted away from it, hoping it hadn't touched her pussy in the night.

Alana swore out loud. This was going to be a nightmare to clean up.

