Princess Leia’s Accident: A Star Wars fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-04-24 05:07

The Rebel’s cruiser was under attack by Darth Vader’s Stormtrooper army. Princess Leia sent a couple of Rebel troops to fight them. They held their guns ready to shoot Vader’s troops. Leia runs to get some water from cafeteria, now she drank five glasses of water and raced down to where R2-D2 is. She did this quickly before the Stormtroopers come and get her.

Now Vader’s Stormtroopers come and start firing at the Rebels but some of them missed and the Rebels killed some of them... But Darth Vader come and killed all the Rebel troops Leia sent out, but remaining Captain Antilles. Vader sent out another set of Stormtroopers out to find the Captain. Vader’s Stormtroopers found and located Captain Antilles, Vader was notified by this and walked off to his location.

Meanwhile:

Leia made it to where R2 was and she started to get R2 to record her giving a recorded message to an Obi Wan Kenobi. She got it set up and squatted down to do the message. She just felt a unknown feeling in her bladder she had to pee, she told her mind that she had to hold it in and pee after the recorded message.

Leia just started recording herself. “Help me O. Before she could say the rest her bladder couldn’t stop, she ignored it and continued with the message. “bi Wan Ken. It happen again but this time she felt a squirt of pee coming out, but she still continued with it. “obi you ar. She stopped to and felt a bigger leak come out, but she still continued.

”e my only hope. Just then she couldn’t hold it anymore and started peeing herself and her white dress was ruined. She had no other time to retake so she just went with it.

Later:

C3P0 and R2D2 went in a escape pod to the planet Tatooine where they were brought by Luke Skywalker and Luke tried to fix R2 because he had something jammed in him. Luke opened it and watch the message and saw his sister who he did not know yet pee herself.

*002*2018-04-24 05:28

Yeah but not like Slave Leia

