Strike witches. Eilanya (Eila + Sanya) + Bonus Minna

Author: GupFan

*000*2022-10-16 21:54

The night flight went on as usual, but there was one thing. This time it was going without Sanya, and for Eila that was the scariest thing in the world. Not that she couldn't do the patrol without her Orussian lover, but she felt lonely. She stared off into the distance, occasionally turning her gaze to the almost blue crowns of the conifers. The weather was very cool for this time of year, but it didn't matter. What bothered her most was the fact that she was all alone. It made her feel nauseous every now and then.

"Why isn't Sanya around? Is she having such a hard time recovering? It's just a simple pneumonia!"

Scolded Eila to herself, turning her gaze away from time to time. She looked around, then looked down and gradually began to feel that her bladder was giving the first signals that it should be emptied. The girl thought about doing so during the flight, but gave up on that decision. It was necessary to get back to the base faster. A seriously ill friend was waiting for her there.

The flight back seemed longer than it had been to the extreme point of the patrol, and the desire to relieve oneself was increasing by the second. A few kilometres from Berlin, Eila thought she could do it. This was the last point where she could urinate in the air. However, the desire to be at the bedside of the girl she loved was greater than anything else. She wanted to snuggle up to her friend's aching body and heal her simply by her presence.

She immediately headed for the base of the 501 Wing location, literally as she flew, feeling her bladder increasingly asking her to relieve it. However, she cannot give this permission. A cool breeze hits her face and she tries to distract herself from the increasing pressure, which however is getting stronger. She rolls over onto her back and just stares at the moon and the stars, trying to count them. All this was done in the hope of distracting herself from the urge to urinate. And it seemed to be working.

However, the first serious test began during the landing. Eila, as witches are supposed to do when landing, put her feet forward. The striker unit hit the concrete surface of the runway with a typical sharp thud. And at that very moment, Eila truly felt the despair coursing through her entire body. She wanted to grab her crotch with all her might, but as Suomus' best witch she can have managed to talk her bladder into waiting a little longer.

Nor could she physically grab her crotch abruptly. Still, it is advisable to keep your hands in the air when landing, balancing slightly. The girl literally flew to the end of the runway and activated the emergency reset of striker unit. She wanted to write it off as an accident, but really wanted to get to the bathroom. She had almost forgotten that she had to care for her sick friend.

As soon as the girl frantically, all the time mistakenly, hitched the unit to the launcher and put her mg 42 next to it, she went as fast to the toilet as she could...

Every step echoed in her almost full bladder. The girl knew that her body would not last much longer and something had to be done. But she refused to show the mechanics and her friends her need. Only when she entered the staff building did she deign to move her hand to her crotch.

However, the girl was in no hurry to squeeze there with all her might. She assessed the situation a little better and calmed down. Her body was ready to endure for no small amount of time, but the condition was already alarming. But somehow she knew that she was about to come to the washroom and relieve herself. Thoughts of the yellow stream flowing out of her and hitting the porcelain walls of the toilet bowl entered her mind one by one. The girl imagined the picture in different ways. Largely because she thought she could afford to think about urinating.

- Eila hi. - Suddenly Eila, who was engrossed in thoughts of her own victory, was distracted by somebody.

- Co-commander Minna…Hello…

- Eila, I urgently need to assign you to look after my office. - The commander looked a little nervous.

- But I... Um... - Tension flashed across Suomus girl face. (Suomus is analogy of Finland in this world).

- No buts! - Minna exclaimed.

Eila realised that there was no chance of avoiding this order. She might have asked, "Why can't Captain Barkhorn do it?" But she knew. The commander's orders could not be disobeyed at a time like this and despite her full bladder she opened the door of Minna's office. Her ability to predict vaguely hinted to her that the time for which she would have to take over the post was uncertain. But Eila knew that there was simply no going back. She made her way inside the office. She sat down at her desk and noticed that the commander didn't even say goodbye to her.

Eila crossed her legs to her knees, squeezing her hips tightly together. That was all she went for. As long as she sat up it was easier to endure. She was well acquainted with the fact that arriving at base with wet pants was dangerous when on duty in northern latitudes. Despite her physical resilience to the irritants and the heat the module gave off, wet panties wouldn't end well. Eila knew how to be patient and knew that she would have to keep her bladder full again for as long as it took.

Either way, there was no point in retreating. The girl would have to hold it on to it for as long as it took, but she could not understand that it would not end quickly. Eila was familiar with the basic techniques of what to do in such a situation. She had to squeeze her hips tightly together and try to thinking of something dry.

- So good... It's not the first day in my life that I'm holding back urine, is it? - She asked herself and looked down at her white tights in the crotch area.

She moaned a little and lightly stroked her stomach, realising that these touches only made her feel heavier. On the other hand, it felt unexpectedly pleasant. Eila herself was shocked that she was enjoying it. She had certainly heard of people who liked to hold their urine, but to do it like this...

However, massaging your bladder and its bulge in this way for a long time is dangerous enough. She was, however, very aware of how this might end, so she slowly and gently moved her hand to her crotch. Suomus girl gently cradled her crotch with her fingers, placing one of them against the urethra. Images of her already sitting on the toilet and relaxing began to enter her head.

But they urgently needed to be chased away. The girl stared at the table for some time. Her eyes skimmed the texture of the wood of the commander's desk. She took every action she could to mentally relax herself. Or rather not to relax, but to distract. Inhale - exhale. And so on until the urge was gone. But Eila knows it won't go away.

She crossed her legs again and exhaled. Along with this, she felt the yellow warm liquid already ready to burst out. It seemed to be literally cutting her urethra. Eila just had to stop it from leaking. Just didn't let it leaking.

But at that moment a few drops fell into her white knickers, leaving small yellow marks on them. The girl sighed and begin squeezed her crotch with both hand. In her youth, Eila had been in this situation many times before, when she was on the verge of losing control. But at that time she was usually already either standing at the door of the toilet, or already essentially sitting on it. And that one she was ready to wet herself on the chair where her commander usually sat.

Fluid had already started to accumulate inside her urethra. She realised that the sphincter was no longer able to tighten with the same force. She squeezed her hips tightly, hoping to help him, but her body was unable to do so. She feels new droplets penetrate outwards, touching her panties. After a moment the girl realises that she won't be able to hold it in. The commander has been gone long enough and it is unlikely that Minna will return so soon. And so Eila decides to relieve herself in a vase of some kind. But there wasn't one vase nearby either.

- I can't seem to hold it any longer... - The girl moaned.

At this point, a small spurt of urine coming out of her body threw her into shock. The girl shrieked loudly and with all her might began to press on her crotch, thrusting her fingers covered with drops of hot urine into her urethra. Despair grew to an unbelievable stage. The rubbing of her thighs was no longer helping her patience. Even squeezing her crotch could do nothing to help her. A slight shiver ran through her body as another short trickle leaked out.

A tear flowed down her cheek as she realised that she could no longer contain such flows. Chaotic and totally uncontrollable leaks became frequent in those moments. Eila knew she had only minutes to endure. After a moment, she accepted her defeat. But her body was no longer willing to let go of the urine. The body itself seemed to be fighting to the end.

But these leaks were undermining her desire to hold on. It was over. The girl pressed tightly on her hands crotch and counted the seconds.

After a while, the girl started catching even bigger streams in her hands. She squirmed, shuddered, and after a moment her body failed. The urethra, literally flaming with desperation, spurted out a stream of urine. The girl could not stop it. The yellow stream left her body at breakneck speed. Her panties were quickly soaked from the front, as was the part that was in contact with the stool. The white, thick pantyhose began to flood with streams of urine. And tears flowed from her eyes. Eila was still trying to stop, but she knew it was the end.

- Noooo! Please stop! - But her words not helped her.

Eila couldn't remember how long it had taken her to urinate. But when the last drops left her exhausted body and she laid her head on the table, she realised The puddle she had created was impossible to miss with even a cursory glance. The girl watched as the hem of her uniform and the sleeves became darker due to direct contact with the urine. The girl sighed.

She realised that she had to take off her wet knickers, tights and socks. She also had to take her shoes off. It is not comfortable to walk around with wet shoes. The girl sat down to take off her shoes and could not help but notice that her flow was able to penetrate even here. Well. It looked like she would have to do the laundry her clothes. But what was taking the commander so long to return?

- I wonder what she's doing? - Eila asked herself.

If Eila really knew why Minna was in such a state and why she had so abruptly ordered the girl to look after the study, then Eila would understand her commander. As soon as Suomus girl complied with the order, Minna bent in half and clenched her buttocks without hiding. She had not felt such a strong urge to relieve herself for a very long time.

She knew that because she hadn't gone to the toilet for a long time, sooner or later it would want to come out on its own. But she had no idea that she would not have time to perform all her duties.

Yes, it is. Minna has long tried to endure it and endure the urge until she has fulfilled all her duties. However, after quite a while, in which she rocked on the chair and pressed herself against it, she realised - she couldn't do it. The girl left the office shortly before Eila appeared in the corridor and took the chance. Barely hiding the incredibly strong urge to poop Minna instructed Eila to watch the study and as soon as the door closed she leaned forward.

The 501 Wing Commander squeezed her buttocks and moved her hands to her ass, trying to help her body. At one time she was jokingly nicknamed 'Wing's Most Powerful Ass', because she deatroyed enemy by her ass. But at the now the girl knew that everyone was equal before nature and she wouldn't last long. She could feel how it ramming against her gate and preparing to open her anus without permission. She sighed and went to the toilet.

The hardest part was just holding on and trying to concentrate. Which makes sense. Minna was already at such a level of desperation that she no longer knew how she could support her ass. At one point she stopped and sat down on the windowsill. In that position, turd was unlikely to just come out. And it would be possible to think about what she would do next. She was breathing heavily and trying to work out which toilet she should go to.

- The toilet doesn't work here...Oh...That hurts...Please wait a little longer... - Minna thought. - On the other floor the toilets are being cleaned... Only the one that's... Farthest away.

She pulled herself up on feet with an effort, feeling her anus throb slightly, and squeezed her buttocks again with all her might.

- Please…Not open! – Said she.

When she felt that the situation had more or less stabilised, she once again took a heavy breath in her chest and walked forward. It was not a short journey. Her body could hardly take it anymore, and she was so far from the nearest toilet. After all, she had a long way to go to reach it. And given that it was the only one working, there might be someone there. However, the girl was no longer embarrassed that someone would hear her relieving herself.

The girl felt like it was going to come out just a little bit more. But she stoically held on to it. She is, after all, the wing commander. And she holds the rank of colonel for a reason. Simply hold it.

However, after walking a few metres, the girl bent almost in half, feeling her stomach sending her signals. These signals spoke of his intention to relieve himself. Whether Minna wanted it or not. The girl squeezed her buttocks with all her might, but felt her anus open slightly. She sighed sharply. It was so sudden for her and so close to defeat.

Turd seemed to coming out just a few millimetres in front. But the commander's face showed only shock and a feeling of utter helplessness. Drops of sweat rolled down her face. But she made up her mind to continue on her way. Surrender now is stupid. She didn't make it down to the ground floor to the first toilet was pointless.

The hardest part was going down the stairs in this state. Every now and then the girl's body was ready to unleash a new wave of despair and pain on her. Minna knew that if this happened, she would most likely lose control.

Her hands were still clasped tightly to her bottom and she prayed to all the gods that no one wouldnt saw her like this. That said, it was worth noting that the girl was far from superstitious. However, after walking down the first flight of stairs she felt tears in her eyes.

It was so hard for her that she had already started to cry. But she had to keep moving forward. Just keep going. She asked her body to wait a few more minutes. She knew that in her condition she would not make it to the toilet quickly.

The second flight and the second staircase were particularly difficult. Here her stomach ached wildly again, and the poo moved a little further forward. Minna no longer knew how much effort to put into squeezing her buttocks. It just about stopped working.

Her eyes began to go a little darker. Holding it were getting very difficult. The girl was already walking on the lowest floor, where there was a working toilet. So far she had not met anyone. She hardly knew what she was going to do when she reached her destination. After all, she would have to let go of her hands to open the door. Or at least remove one hand. And that would mean that her valve would be instantly breached. But she didn't care anymore. In the toilet she could poop herself as long as no one saw her shame.

Between her legs, she shivered feverishly. Her muscles were overworked, drawing the last of her strength to keep the tremendous load at bay. It was agony.

Minna felt it begin to come out. Her strength was simply not enough anymore. She tried to avoid defeat, but it was no longer possible. After a while, the girl finally was near to the toilet door.

- No! No! No… - She screamed as it began to leave her body. – Please not coming out! Why it…Why won't it stop! Please hold it! Not moooove!!!

The big, thick turd squeezed between her buttocks and continued move. It hit her purple panties, stretching them slightly. Minna felt that she could no longer squeeze. Her whole body seemed to tremble and just unload itself. The girl adopted a sullen expression on her face and walked into the bathroom. She went to the first toilet stall that suited her.

As soon as she closed the stall door her panties stopped holding back the pressure and her poop started falling to the floor in front of the toilet.

- I couldn't - Silently she said.

Next, the girl just started cleaning up after herself. She thought it was a nasty business. But as if she had a choice? Minna felt extremely ill. She had plans to take a hot shower, but clearly not after this. Once she had cleaned up after herself in the toilet, she went to the shower room. Then she can wash her knickers and she would be fine. But this day will be remembered as the worst day of her adult life.

It was very difficult. Sanya looked up at the ceiling. Her breathing was extremely intermittent and sparse. Her whole body was aching and feverish. She had been feeling incredibly ill for the past few days. As Miyafuji and the other doctors said, her life was not in danger. However, she felt extremely unwell.

For some time, the Orusian girl stared at the ceiling and sobbed occasionally. She was thirsty and there seemed to be a slight feeling of nausea somewhere in the depths of her subconscious. The girl thought she was dying, but in reality she was just reflecting the effects of pneumonia. She did not know when or under what conditions she had fallen ill. But luckily it happened after the defeat of the neuroi and the liberation of Berlin.

The girl carefully took the glass of water in her trembling hand. She had been thirsty for the last half hour. Yoshika had advised her to drink more, which Sanya adhered to. However, a problem immediately arose as to how she would go to the toilet. The girl felt that her body was too weak and she would not be able to walk properly on her own. So Lynnet, who was on duty at her bedside all the time, often helped Alexandra.

Today, however, the lovely British girl didn't show up. Or rather, she left to help Yosika buy new medicines, as it turned out there was a severe shortage of antibiotics and other important medicines at the base. And Sanya was well aware that some of these medicines were for her own use as well. The girl drank half a glass of water.

She felt she needed to drink more fluids and eat well. But there was hardly any appetite. She stared at the ceiling and blinked slowly several times. She did not know what to occupy herself with. Apart from her heavy and seemingly iron-chained breathing, she could feel her throat hurting. Her whole body shuddered from time to time. The girl slowly reached for the mercury thermometer.

The girl felt that she had a fever, but she wanted to know exactly what kind. If it got really bad she could try asking for Gertruda Barkhorn to help her. Sweat rolled off her forehead and she felt her breathing becoming a little easier. Still she was on the mend, but it was very hard. She carefully put the thermometer on and began to measure her temperature.

- This is so…Hard. – Thinking girl.

There were long and harrowing minutes of waiting for the thermometer to take the temperature. The girl tried not to move. Breaking the mercury thermometer was the last thing she needed to do to ruin her week.

It took quite some time before Sanya's delicate hand reached under her pretty nightgown. She pulled out a thermometer and was slightly disappointed. The device, though seemingly obsolete for our time, was quite accurate and showed her body temperature almost unmistakably. 39.4 degrees Celsius.

This morning it was about 38.9 degrees Celsius. She started trying to look for medicine to bring the temperature down. But she could not find it. Then she still decided that she needed help. Even though it was very late, she decided to try and get a temporary 'health watchman'.

- Trude! Barkhorn - san!

The girl waited for a while and was already thinking of trying to call out again. But at that moment the door of her room opened and Gertrude walked in with a kindly sisterly smile. In spite of her smile, the Karlsland witch face showed her lack of sleep and the fact that she had been awakened in the middle of the night. But the girl had endured more than that. She approached Alexandra and asked.

- What with you, Sanya?

- I need an antipyretic. Please...

Gertrude began to rummage around the girl's bedside table, where Miyafuji had a number of vials of medicine. In our times, they could all be lumped together into a few simple remedies known to everyone. But now it was the 1940s, and the right amount of medication, and even during the war, was very hard to find. Finding the right one was difficult, but Trudе never managed to do so.

- Here's the bottle, but it's empty. - Slowly the girl replied. - There are only painkillers.

- All right, give me some painkillers. - Stretched out Sanya. - At least it'll make my bones ache less.

- Poor girl…

Gertrude handed the medicine to Alexandra on a small spoon and she modestly swallowed it. Sanya looked extremely strange, when she did it. But it was also true. The medicine was incredibly bitter, and so the girl hurriedly drank it down with water.

- Спасибо…(Thanks)

Gertrude took a cloth from a nearby basin and placed it on the forehead of the girl who coughed several times. There was a look of obvious concern on karlsland girl face. She stroked her friend's head and said softly.

- Everything is going to be all right, Sanya. Don't worry.

- But I’m not worry, Barkhorn-san. Go sleep.

- Was? Ok. Good night Sanya.

Barkhorn quietly walked out the door again, leaving Sanya alone with herself. However, her friend suddenly realized one thing.

- Я хочу писать…(I want to pee…) – Thinking Sanya.

The girl felt at the same time that she could not go to the bathroom. Not that she felt bad at all, but she decided to keep it. She was setting herself a completely impossible goal. It was too long until morning. But her mind was clouded by illness. That's why this decision seemed logical to her.

The girl squirmed a little and rubbed her thighs lightly. Alexandra felt that her tired body simply would not allow her to get up. It was getting very hot. Or cold, for the girl was shivering slightly. She coughed hard several times. Her lungs seemed to ache with incredible force. How she wished her illness would finally begin to recede. In a moment, however, she was able to concentrate. Still, her main problem now was an almost full bladder, not her high fever.

This fullness was felt. That liquid that Sanya drank in the evening slowly drained into her bladder. And there was nothing she could do about it. It was clear that her body could hardly hold out much longer. But her mind clouded, and so she just looked at the clock that was ticking slowly in her room and sighed. She was determined to hold urine.

At one point a water balloon displayed in her head that resembled her bladder, and it was filled almost to the brim.

The girl decided not to call anyone else, but to concentrate directly. The clock was beating its rhythm. And the minute hand slowly but surely moved forward. However, Sanya tried not to look at the clock. It was too frightening by its mere presence. It felt like time was moving forward at half the speed it should.

Soon the girl began to realize that there was actually a lot against her in this situation. She is still forced to look at the clock purely out of curiosity. And their rhythm seemed to turn into an eternity. And Sanya began to realize that in order to last she would have to wait a very long time. But the weakness was too strong. Soon the girl realized that she would not hold out. It was simply impossible.

- Моча теплая…(Urine is warm) - Said the girl.

The thought of it leaking out on its own was unbearable. Sanya realized that she should have agreed to the night potty. But it was too late. Her lips curled slightly the first time it happened.

Thoughts that the warm liquid from her body might actually warm her up took hold of the girl. It all came together into a logical picture. Her sphincter began to slowly give way and soon a few drops were inside her urethra. She didn't have the strength to just hold it in herself. She slowly grabbed her hands between her legs...

She felt as if she could feel those drops in her urethra. And soon the girl released drops into her panties. A few drops were followed by a small and light trickle. Sanya instantly strained her fingers, trying to keep herself from leaking.

- Кажется немного протекло. (It seems I have pee a little.)

Sanya didn't remember how long it had been since the first small leak, but her despair was growing more and more serious. The fluid was already literally demanding to be able to leave the sick girl's body in peace, and she whimpered a little. More drops of sweat appeared on Sanya's face and then she coughed several times.

- О нет! Нет! Нет! Нееет! (Oh no! No no noоo!) – Cried girl.

A stream left her body in this moment of weakness. The girl had heard from Yoshika that everything in the body is interconnected in one way or another. And what's to say, she knew it partly herself. So she just got upset that the flow had left her body and started trying to stop it.

Her hands clamped down on her pajama pants and she pushed them with all her might between her legs. The warm current passed through her soft, snow-white panties without too much trouble. It immediately began to spread over her pink pajama pants. A stain began to show on them. And the girl slipped her hands into her panties.

Her hands pressed against her urethra and stream began to wash over her fingers. A stream of hot fluid flooded her palms and passed through them. The girl squeezed the sphincter out of the last one and crushed the urethra with her fingers. That proved to be enough. The flow subsided slightly and then stopped.

Sanya realized that she was going to pee herself. But she had no other choice. The girl closed her eyes and set a goal to endure as long as she could. In addition, the fact that the fluid was flowing out so unevenly gave her incredible pleasure. After a while she felt the urge to urinate again.

- Я буду бороться до конца. (I will fight until the end!) - Thought the girl.

Soon the girl realized again that fluid leakage was inevitable. This time on her own. Without the help that her body was distracted.

She lightly stroked her crotch with her hands still buried in her underwear. A warm stream gushed out into her palms. It felt so good and so wet. The girl exhaled and accepted the defeat of the battle. It was a long battle, but the girl decided that was it. She had had enough. The battle was unbearably hard and it was time to end it.

When the flow dried up completely, she modestly looked at her watch. It is worth noting that the fluid was not leaving her body as quickly as it seemed. It was about two minutes. However, Sana enjoyed the sensation so much. After all, she was still trying to stop the process.

- Truuude!!!

Epilogue

In the morning, Sanya's and Eila's clothes, panties and sheets hung modestly after being washed. Gertrude Barkhorn did the laundry for everyone. Minna chose to hide her shame. She cleaned the bathroom at night and secretly washed the panties herself.

