Two Girls And Their Tank: A Beast In The Woods (Plus Bonus Chapter: Stuck)

Author: GadgetCereal

*007*2020-04-01 19:32

Bonus Chapter: Stuck

The radio crackled, breaking up the sound of soft jazz. It went quiet and for the first time in the morning, the smooth voice of Buck Allworth spoke through the airwaves. “Good morning to you all out there in the Wasteland. I hope you enjoyed a night of smooth jazz. I am your host for the morning news: Buckworth, and I hope you all slept well…”

The radio died, switched off by Piper's fist. “Shut up, Allworth!” She cursed, knocking the radio over in a moment of frustration.

“Piper, I was listening to that!” Annie yelled at her comrade. The radio was the only thing keeping her distracted from how desperately she needed to piss.

It was early morning, and Piper and Annie were standing by the ladder. Both were desperate for a piss after a long night, but they couldn’t get out until the hatch leading out of the compartment had been unlocked - a problem that lay entirely on Piper’s shoulders.

But for the first time in a while, the Tank driver had lost the key to the lock, meaning both girls were forced to endure their bulging bladders for just a little while longer while she fumbled around in her pockets.

Annie, giving in to the incessant quivering of her ladyhood, bent down and pressed her hands deep between her legs. The denim of her suspenders was cool and dry against her clammy hands. “Come on, Piper, hurry up!” She squirmed in place, begging her comrade to hurry up.

“I am hurrying!” Piper hissed. She’d been distracted from fiddling in her pocket. Annie’s childish dancing and stamping played havoc on her own bladder. She hissed again, grimacing in agony as she felt her bladder, the contents shaking violently against her. “Just stop with the dancing!”

“I can’t!” Annie bit her lip. “How do you even lose the keys?”

Piper clawed in her pocket and found nothing. “I didn’t lose them.” She was seething, talking through teeth. “They were in one of my pockets.”

“Well… s-search faster… Ahhh!” Annie cried and pressed her thighs together, crushing her hands between their pudgy embrace.

It had been a long night, and to make matters worse a rolling storm had passed over Rueller’s Creek. Rolling storms were like thunderstorms, but made up of powerful eldritch energy. It was dangerous to venture out during them, not just due to the roaming beasts that were attracted to such powerful surges of energy, but also for the storm itself.

As a result, Annie and Piper were confined to the tank for the entire night. Because they couldn’t get out to relieve themselves, they’d endured the call of nature long before falling asleep.

Annie had been suffering dreams about it all night, teased by a recurring dream where she was walking along a path, following a mighty river that rushed past her. After a while the sounds got too grating; they played havoc on her, drawing attention to her bladder. Soon she couldn’t stop thinking about taking a leak and by then, she was already awake with her legs crossed tightly and a seething expression of pain.

Now that the sun was up, and the storm had passed, they were both desperate to get outside and take their morning pee.

“Have you found them yet?” Annie continued to cry, her quivering lips causing her to stutter.

Piper had rifled through all of her pockets, but the keys weren’t there. “N-No… J-Just…” Then suddenly, she remembered. “THE FOOTLOCKER!” She spun around and drove her foot down on the latch of her footlocker. Inside, among all the mess, she could see a glimmer of silver. She squatted down, and unexpectedly ripped a fart. “Haa~” She sighed, feeling relief from the pressure.

“Aw, gross, Piper.” Annie stepped back in disgust. “You’re gonna stink the tank up!”

Being so desperate to take a dump, that little rupture of air was definitely ripe. It even made Piper grimace, even if the relief of ripping one was delightful. She wafted away the ripened air and started to scavenge through her footlocker, tossing out anything that was between her and the keys.

For Piper, this horrendous bout of morning desperation was worst for her. Not only was she on the verge of leaking, but she also had to deal with a pesky brown turtle’s head that kept peeking out of her butthole. She had won the lion’s share of the rations in a game of rock-paper-scissors last night and after gorging on them, she was not only desperate for a pee, but to take a dump too.

It was manageable at first, that fart she had just ripped was the first threat her body gave her. The ripe smell along was enough to let her know that she couldn’t hold it much longer. And right now, squatting with her cheeks spread, she was crowning, a massive brown mud-like lump was pressing itself down against her knot.

“Piper, I’m begging you, please hurry up!” Annie continued to cry, losing all composure in her voice. She’d endured it for long enough, her body was growing weaker from holding it, her legs were starting to tremble, even standing still was a monumental task. “It’s going to come out!” She whimpered, grasping herself tightly and held herself for dear life.

Just another minute. That was all she needed.

She tried thinking of other things to distract her, but her mind always came back to thoughts of the great outdoors - nature’s toilet. She couldn’t stop thinking about the sweet embrace of a small patch of grass, the dry dirt that would welcome some morning refreshment.

Annie closed her eyes and let herself get lost in those thoughts of sweet, wet relief. She envisioned herself out in the grass, squatting down, her bare butt a mere inch above the cold ground. The sounds of water as she unleashed onto the dry dirt echoed around her, letting the whole world know how much she’d needed it.

And then it happened; A little twitch from between her legs. Annie felt her lips grow warm. The smallest of dribbles escaped her, spurting out into her underwear. She couldn’t wait any longer. “Piper!” She cried, this time there was no begging, it was an order. “Please, hurry, hurry, hurry, up!”

“I know!” Piper muttered, refusing to yell. “I’m not enjoying this any more than you! I feel like I’m going to piss myself.” Finally through the entire chest of junk, she got to her keys at the bottom of the locker. “Got ‘em!” She pulled them out and held them up high.

“Ha~ About time!” Annie sighed and swept back her ginger hair. She couldn’t stop herself from doing a childish potty dance, dancing from foot to foot with her hands firmly between her legs, gripping her crotch. “Hurry up and get the hatch open!”

Piper quickly unlocked the hatch of the Tank. Her fingers fumbled with the lock and Annie’s constant whimpering was a distraction, but she was able to do it quickly.

With all of strength, she barged the hatch open with her shoulder. It swung up, exposing the girls to their first glimpse of sunlight for the day. It was blinding. The hatch clanged down atop the turret, sending a shiver running down the ladders.

The shivers ran through Piper like an uncomfortable tingle. She grimaced, her whole body ringing, forcing her to grip the rungs of the ladder tightly. The worst of it was right between her legs, not just her bladder but her butthole too. She clenched up, grasping the rungs tighter. There was a fart brewing, and she didn’t want to rip it right in Annie’s face.

“P-Piper, come on!” Annie pushed up against Piper’s boots with her shoulders, spurring Piper on by nudging her up. “I’m wetting myself here…”

Her patience was thin right now. “Be patient, Annie.” She hissed. “I’m bursting too, you know.” The urge of her bladder was overpowering and desperate to relieve the pressure, Piper pressed herself into the rungs of the ladder, straddling and grinding against them. “Fuck~” She cursed. It felt good, pressing her quivering lips into them.

She gave herself a moment to compose herself. Ignoring Annie’s whimpers and feeble attempts to get past her on the ladder, Piper stood still, biting her lip as she pushed deeper into the steel. It felt better than she could imagine.

“PIPER!” Annie screamed, this time she wasn’t soft. It was a call of pure anger, steaming with impatience.

“I KNOW! Hey… what… are… ANNIE!” Piper could feel Annie’s shoulder pressing against her butt. Every little shift of the fat of her cheeks drew attention to the hard peeking log that was nestled right at the edge of her knot. It was a strange feeling that Piper had no words for, but she didn’t like it.

Annie pulled herself up the ladder, trying to push Piper aside to make what little room she could for herself. “I’m dying here, and I’m not waiting around for… mmph!” It was working, she got up to Piper’s waist… before coming to a stop by getting her face stuck in her tummy.

That was the worst she had felt this morning. Annie’s head pushing into her stomach only caused her agony. Piper grimaced and cursed. Annie’s face pressed against her tummy, and Piper, unable to contain herself, ripped another fart.

“Okay! Okay!” She finally gave up and climbed up the ladders before that fart had a chance to lift.

Rueller’s Creek Oil works were where they had holed up for the night. There was nothing left of it but a few old buildings and a large steel machine that had gone orange with rust.

Both girls climbed up onto the tank and glad to be finally outside. Annie pushed Piper aside and climbed up, wafting the air around her. “Your butt stinks!” She commented with a sour grimace on her face.

“Just shut up.” Piper cursed. “Since you’re so desperate, why don’t you go first? I’ll stay on lookout.”

That was all she needed to hear. Annie slid down the front of the tank, landing right in the mud. Her whole body shook, the worst of it twinging right between her legs. She hissed and bit down on her lip, tensing up every inch of her body until the twinges were over.

She’d never had to take a leak so badly in her life. Her bladder felt as solid as rock, full right to the brim.

There was a small patch of dead grass that was begging for her. It was the perfect little nook for a sneaky squat. Annie waddled toward it, already tugging at her suspenders. She whimpered softly, praying she could get them undone before she was there.

Her feverish fingers fumbled with the buttons but with some luck she managed to get her suspenders off. She was so close, just a few more steps and she would be there, right in the middle of the grass - the great toilet of the outdoors. She held her suspenders up with a single hand, the other pressed between her legs and denying her bladder another relieving leak.

“Uuu… just another second…” She cried, steeling herself.

Finally in the grass, her boots crunching the brown leaves beneath her feet. She let go of the straps and let her suspenders fall down around her boots. The denim swept past her legs, exposing her chubby thighs, which were pink from the heat of her hands pushing against them.

She hadn’t even bothered to put on underwear this morning; she was going commando, at least until she had watered the grass. Being so desperate, Annie saw her knickers as nothing more but an obstacle, a barrier that stood between her and sweet relief.

Her pale freckled butt was exposed to the cold morning air and her cheeks quickly went numb. Shaking desperately, Annie squatted down in the grass “Haa… Haaaa~” She sighed, her breaths broken up by moans of pure bliss. She was hardly near the ground before the floodgates opened. A flood of pee burst from between her legs, gushing out of her and down into the wet soil.

The silence of the morning was broken by Annie moaning. It wasn’t any quieter between her legs, she pissed vigorously, her bladder pushing as much as it could out of her. It came in one big golden sputter like a broken spigot, showering the dirt beneath her feet. Annie doused her own boots just as much as the grass, and she didn’t care one bit.

She moaned loudly, hanging her head back in such sumptuous relief. It was overwhelming, her whole body tingled with an indescribable sense of pleasure, and Annie, swimming in it, couldn’t contain herself. “Ooooh~”

“You don’t have to tease it so much.” Piper muttered to herself, envious at how much Annie was enjoying herself. That was what she wanted right now

She was desperate to rip another fart, but Piper knew better than to trust it. If she let another one loose, it would carry with it far worse than just a ripe smell. She was at her limit now, just one second away from completely filling her knickers.

She needed a distraction, so to try and avert her gaze from Annie and her blissful little squat, Piper did some sightseeing.

It was from the top of the tank that Piper could see around the other side of the old building, and there was something behind it that caught her attention. She spied an old cement mixer and in her desperation, a desirable thought crossed her mind - what if instead of it being a cement mixer, it was a makeshift toilet?

It wasn’t often they got to experience the pleasure of a toilet. For so long the roadside had been the only toilet she’d had, the grass, rivers, dirt. She missed being back in a barracks, having a working toilet in a small room where she could just unload and have a bit of time to herself.

Out here, it was impossible. She couldn’t be alone with her thoughts when every second was spent looking around to make nothing would jump on you with your pants down.

Her reminiscing was disturbed by a tightening in her stomach and Piper groaned. She put her hand on her tummy and felt the small bulge of her full bladder protruding. “How long is she going to take?” The answer didn’t matter. Suddenly, Piper felt the log descending, the small turtle’s head that peered between her knot was growing. A long hot length of mess was slowly slithering between her cheeks.

It was past the checkpoint, there was no going back now. She was just about touching cloth, the head of the length lightly grazed her knickers, and if that wasn’t bad enough she was certain she was about to leak.

“Fuck it… I can’t hold it in any longer.” For once, Piper threw away her rule of always having a lookout. It was perfectly safe around here, and surely Annie wouldn’t take too long. She had to worry about herself and about the state of her underwear.

She climbed down the side of the tank, looked around just to make sure there was nothing lurking, and rushed off toward the other side of the old building.

Running was a struggle and after a few steps, Piper was confined to a shameful waddle. She shuffled along the road, her anus puckered up tightly with the thinnest hope of stopping another inch of mess from descending. With every step the few inches between her cheeks slapped against them, patting her with a wet smearing of mess.

She couldn’t hold it in any longer. There was a small dribble between her legs that teased more than just a leak, and around the back she could feel the brown length of waste that was already touching cloth growing longer, descending without warning. It squeezed out another inch, the head smashed into her knickers.

It was here, and now. Piper had no choice. “Hmmm…” She growled, already unbuttoning her trousers. “This is the closest I’ll get to a toilet in a while.” She pulled down her trousers, kicking her legs until they slid around her knees and plopped herself down on the drum.

The cold, damp steel greeted her with a rough feeling around her butt. Piper could only grimace in disgust.

There, around the back of an old Oil works, Piper emptied herself into the drum of an old cement mixer. She practically burst, a flood of piss pouring between her legs and striking the old steel with force. The relief hit her instantly, a feeling like a balloon deflating in her tummy engulfed her, causing her lips to quiver.

“Oooh~” She moaned, her whole body going numb under such immense relief. She leant back, sighed a hefty sigh, and spread her legs, letting the cold wind swirl against her wet lips.

That was not the only thing she had been desperate to unload. Not even a second had passed since she’d plopped herself down on her makeshift toilet before she could feel her stomach growing tight.

It passed easily, the soft mud-like feeling allowed it to glide past her cheeks, smearing them as it squirmed through. Piper relaxed, clapped her knees together and let it all out. The growing cramps in her stomach had eased up, giving her some relief from the discomfort. She closed her eyes, crossed her arms and let nature run its course.

Finally, a good chunk broke off under its own weight. Piper felt the load lighten as it snapped off. It fell into the drum, hitting the piss-washed steel with a damp splatter. There was some splashback. Piper lurched forward, shuddering at the wet feeling as flicks of piss peppered her thighs.

It was not the most unpleasant feeling, especially the warmth on such a cold day.

Her hole winked, cutting off the last of her load that dangled between her cheeks. It broke off, sliding down her ample cheeks, leaving a hot brown trail before falling into the drum with a wet slap. Piper felt her anus shiver, feeling the stress being taken off her hole now that she had unloaded.

“Ooo~” Her whole body seized up, shuddering in sheer delight of her empty bowels. Piper sighed and finished her dirty business with a muddy fart, a loud one that rumbled the old drum.

That was one of her issues taken care of, but she was still in the middle of offloading one other. Piper leant forward, pressed her hands down on her knees and twiddled her thumbs.

The relief had been so overpowering that she felt as if time had stopped. While she felt like she had been unfurling that pudgy log for an eternity, at most only ten seconds had passed. She was still mid-stream, perched on the edge of the drum and relieving her bladder.

It kept coming, like an entire ocean had been poured into her overnight. The small, but notable bulge protruding from her tummy was shrinking. Piper could feel it, like a balloon being deflated it grew smaller and smaller the more she emptied into the drum.

A good thirty seconds passed, but Piper was too engulfed in relief to notice. Time had fallen still for her.

At last, it was finally over. After a long glorious minute of vigorous pissing, the last of her bladder's weight dribbled from between her legs. It tinkled atop the piss that filled the drum like beer filled a glass. Piper, still reeling from the relief, shuddered. She needed a moment to compose herself, letting the relief fade before she could get up.

She merely enjoyed the relief she was feeling, the emptiness that came after being full for so long. It felt amazing, no pain in her bladder, no tightness in her stomach, no fear she was going to lay a log in her knickers just from relaxing. She felt empty, and her belly felt deflated.

She sat for a little while, simply enjoying the relief. Once she was ready to get off the drum, she reached down to grab her trousers and lifted herself up… or tried.

“Oh you’ve gotta be kidding me.” Piper couldn’t believe it. “I’m not…” She squeezed her fingers between herself and the rim and pushed herself forward. Still nothing. She wouldn’t budge. “I am.” Her butt was stuck in the drum.

Finally, after trying and failing countless times to remove herself from it, Piper admitted to herself that she was stuck. No amount of pushing, wriggling or swearing was going to get her undone. There was only one thing to do now, and it was the one thing that she really didn’t want to do.

She looked down at her knees and tapped them together nervously. “I can’t believe I have to do this.” She muttered. “Annie?” Piper called to her comrade, waited a few seconds and then yelled again. “Annie!?” Again, no answer. “ANNIE!”

Her calls for help finally were answered. Piper heard Annie running over to her, footsteps stampeding across the damp, muddy earth. She stopped short of the corner, the edge of her frizzy red hair the only thing that Piper could see of her. “What? What’s up?” She answered.

“It took you long enough.” Piper huffed. “What were you doing?” The tone of her voice let Annie know she demanded an answer.

There was a long silence, one that had an air of shame about it. Piper could feel it, she could imagine that Annie was thinking of something to say.

Annie mumbled some words, none of them even remotely coherent and when Piper asked again, she gave her answer with a quiet squeak. “I was taking a leak… and then I thought I’d… you know.”

“You’d what?”

“I was taking a dump!” Annie said, blurting out the answer with no control over her volume. Her answer echoed out into the valley, letting any and all know what she was doing in the grass.

Suddenly, a roll of toilet paper appeared around the corner. Only a few sheets remained, enough for a decent clean up if it hadn’t been too sloppy. “What’s that for?” Piper, forgetting everything about what she’d just been doing, furrowed her brow at the presence of toilet paper.

“You needed something to wipe with, right?” Now it was Annie who sounded confused. “Isn’t that what you called me over for?”

“No.” Piper hissed. “I called you over because I need some help.”

“With wiping?” Again, Annie sounded confused.

“No, not with wiping.” Piper was beginning to wonder why she even called Annie over. “I was taking a dump, and I’ve gotten myself into… into a little problem.”

There was another long silence, longer than necessary. “Are you decent before I come around there?”

Piper growled, and upon realizing the situation she was, frowned. There was no easy answer for that. Even after racking her brain trying to describe how she’d gotten stuck while taking a dump, she couldn’t find the right words to make it sound any less humiliating.

“That’s kind of the problem.” Piper squeaked, her voice stripped of any pride. “Just, come here. It’ll be easier than explaining it.”

Annie walked around the corner and upon seeing Piper squatting, her butt wedged in the drum of a cement mixer, she stopped frozen in place. She didn’t say anything, only staring at the sorry sight of her comrade with her trousers around her boots and the reddest of faces, devoid of dignity.

“Are you stuck?” She asked, lips curling as she struggled to stifle a giggle.

“What does it look like?” Piper answered bitterly, scowling, refusing to look Annie in the eyes.

“It looks like you’re stuck.” The ginger-haired girl cracked a smile.

She didn’t have the patience to play games, but Annie certainly did. How else was she to respond to her friend being stuck in an old cement mixer? It was that quivering smile, the one Annie tried to make to stifle her giggles that set Piper off. There was no point trying to tiptoe around it - it would just give Annie a bigger laugh.

Piper took a deep breath, stared straight down at her black boots and white knickers, which sadly had a small brown smear on them, and admitted it. “Yes - I’m stuck.”

That was it, those three simple words were all Annie needed to hear. She tried her very best to hold back her laughter, but it was getting the best of her. “Y-Y-You actually are s-s-stuck?” She tried to ask Piper that, but she struggled greatly, her lips were quivering, suppressing a laugh that was about to burst through.

“Yes.” Piper huffed.

And that single word completely undid her. “BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!” Annie erupted with laughter and doubled over, clutching her sides. “AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

“It’s not funny, Annie!” Piper yelled, trying to keep a serious demeanour about her, but it collapsed in the face of Annie’s roaring laughter. Frustrated, she pressed her hands against the rim of the drum and tried to pull herself out. Again to no avail.

Annie meanwhile didn’t hear a single word of Piper’s. At this point she was down on her knees, her long frizzy red hair was covering her face, only moving when Annie had to wipe the tears from her eyes. “AHAHAHAHA!” Her sides were beginning to hurt from all the laughter. “AHAHAHAHAHAHA!” Her pale face had never been so colourful, growing purple like a plum. She hadn’t taken a breath in nearly thirty seconds.

“Will you stop laughing! This is serious!” Piper tried to control her, again to no avail. The girl with her butt stuck in a makeshift toilet had no power.

Annie finally managed to control her laughter enough that she could speak. She brushed away the ginger locks from her face and wiped a tear from her eye. “I… I thought you just needed toilet paper! BAHAHA!” She grew so purple she looked like a freckled plum. Just when it seemed it was over, another bout of laughter attacked her when she took a second glance at Piper. “BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!”

There was nothing Piper could do but let it happen. She ignored Annie, continued to twiddle her thumbs and started to ponder just why she’d even let her travel with her.

“Okay… Okay… haha… Okay.” Annie finally reeled in her laughter. She took long, deep breaths, gasping to make up for the last thirty seconds. “I’m sorry, I’m ready to help now.”

“Are you sure?” Piper furrowed her brow and scowled.

“Yes. Yes.” Annie snickered. “So I’ve got to get you unstuck, huh?” She turned her head left and then right. “I think I’ve got just the thing for it in my footlocker.” She took a step back and turned around. She took one step and then turned back to Piper, smirking. “Don’t go anywhere.”

Annie rushed off across the road and toward the tank. She returned shortly with a can of oil, gave it a shake to check there was some inside, then poured some onto her hands. She rubbed them together, greasing up her palms in oil.

Piper watched for a second before deciding to comment. “Um, Annie, what are you doing?” She asked, tilting her head like a confused dog.

“Greasing up my hands.” The ginger-haired girl replied, seeing nothing amiss about what she was doing.

“Why?”

“So I can grease up your butt and slide you out of that drum.” She explained with a smile, displaying such confidence.

“Or you could use the can?” Piper said calmly, raising a finger and pointing to the thin nozzle attached to it.

Upon hearing that Annie paused. Her hands were dripping with oil and stained a greasy black. She looked down at the can, and at last realized the stupidity of what she was doing. “Oh… right.” She chuckled meekly, cheeks growing red.

“If I didn’t know better I’d think you were using this as an excuse to touch my butt.” Piper muttered, but made herself loud enough for Annie to hear.

Annie leant it, slowly prodded at Piper’s bare thighs with the nozzle and started to drizzle oil on her. She squirmed a little, taken by surprise at how cold the oil was. It was thick and viscous, dribbling down her thighs slowly and squeezing through the gaps, leaving a little drop to run down her butt.

It kept going and going. Annie insisted that she use the whole can just to be sure that Piper was in Annie’s own words “Properly lubed up.”

Once the can ran empty, and most of the contents were now running down Piper’s backside, Annie rubbed her greasy palms together, bent down and extendered her arms. “Are you ready?” She asked Piper, a big confident smile shining through her frizzy ginger locks.

Piper, wanting to avoid touching the disgusting layer of oil Annie lathered into her palms, grabbed her wrists and nodded back. “Ready.”

“Okay. One. Two. Three. Pull!” Annie stepped back and pulled. She put all of her strength into it, exerting herself, thrusting herself back with her hands wrapped around Piper’s wrists.

Piper could feel it working. Slowly, but surely, she could feel the oil working its magic. Her butt was slowly inching forward, sliding along the greasy layer of oil that had been slathered around the rim. “Keep pulling!” She encouraged Annie, her voice strained. “Keep. Pulling.”

“I… Am…” Annie strained, her whole face was going red and she was making a face that Piper had never seen her make. She couldn’t tell if it was pain or fatigue. “How wide is your butt, Piper?” She didn’t get an answer.

Finally, with one single great heave, Annie succeeded, freeing her friend from the drum. She pulled as hard as she could, exerting herself harder than she ever had before, almost ripping a fart under the stress, but she just managed to hold it in.

Piper slipped forward, tripped over her trousers and fell into the dirt. Thankfully, this corner of the old building was dry.

“Holy cow!” Annie exclaimed in amazement. With Piper out of the way she got quite the view of the contents of her makeshift toilet. “Did somebody leave a bratwurst in this thing?”

“Annie!” Piper blushed. A steeled girl of the military, but even she couldn’t hide her shame when somebody made a comment about something as grotesque as a loaf she’d made.

The ginger-haired girl shot around and giggled. “Right. Sorry.” She rubbed the back of her neck and smiled. “Well at least we got you out.”

Her backside was sore, every inch of it, her cheeks, her thighs, even her anus. Piper groaned, rubbed her backside and groaned some more when that didn’t help. “I feel like my butt just went twenty rounds in a sparring ring.”

“I don’t blame you.” Annie giggled and again she was looking into the drum. “Have you seen the size of that thing you squeezed out? Are they always so big?”

“Annie! Stop… just help me up to my feet!” Again, Piper blushed a bright crimson.

With Annie’s help, Piper clambered up to her feet. Her backside was aching, and it only got worse when she moved. She hissed as she got up to her feet. When she stood up, she got a quick glimpse of her makeshift toilet and the deposit she had made. She didn’t look for long, but she certainly agreed with Annie, not that she would let her know - that was certainly one hell of a turd she had squeezed out.

“Feel better?” Annie asked, smirking. “Can you pull your own trousers up or do you need a hand with that too?”

Piper scoffed, pushed Annie away and bent over. She grabbed her trousers and yanked them back up. Suddenly, she froze, hissing under her breath. She felt something against the cotton of her knickers. It was moist and thick, like wet mud. The fabric stuck to the mud.

And then, Piper caught a whiff of a shameful smell. It was then that she realized there was something very important she’d forgotten to do.

Annie, with the coyest of smirks, offered her the roll of toilet paper. “I think you’re going to need this.”

___

Ko-Fi https://ko-fi.com/callumdoesathing

*011*2020-04-02 18:02

{{12 hours ago, Drip said:

2 lovely chapters, filled with intriguing world building and interesting characters. Another fine piece of work, not that I expected anything less, your brilliant stories always reflect the high degrees of effort, time and care poured into them. I can't wait to read more of your amazing work.

Thank you for the incredible read, it was a lovely way to spend my night.

}}

It's always nice to hear something like that. Thank.

