Sydney Being Sydney

Author: flackus

*000*2022-10-22 00:34

As promised, a continuation of A Writer's Discipline. Hope you enjoy.

Sydney Donnelly read the text response from Alaina and smiled.

She’s expecting me to be late, I just know it. I’ll surprise her and be early . . . for once.

Sydney had just finished up in the shower, and she had texted Alaina to confirm their lunch date. She was just imagining the look on Alaina’s face when she saw Sydney had arrived before her. She giggled aloud. Alaina was very structured and adhered to a schedule, and Sydney knew that she absolutely hated surprises. If things didn’t go according to plan, Alaina would get a little cranky. She hadn’t seen Alaina cranky in a long time, so she figured she’d give her overly-organized best friend a little help. A break from the monotony.

Sydney quickly got dressed in a pair of black yoga tights and an oversized green sweater. They always kept things casual when they had lunch together. They were planning to have lunch at one of their favorite delis, which happened to be about ten minutes away for both of them. Hopefully, they weren’t super busy today, because she really wanted to be able to catch up with Alaina. Due to both of their work schedules, they hadn’t seen each other in about two months.

Like Alaina, Sydney could never really pinpoint when the two had become friends, so she also defined the length of their friendship as forever. Alaina could never understand why Alaina always told her how beautiful she was. A knockout. Sydney smirked to herself. She had always considered herself kind of awkward: too tall and scrawny with her long straight red hair that never seemed to do what she wanted. It reached the middle of her back and was in her face all the time. She rarely wore it in a ponytail, because it usually gave her a really bad headache. Sydney also worked out, but not as religiously as Alaina. She didn’t really have enough meat on her bones, but what she did have was toned. Her breasts were a size larger than Alaina’s, but Sydney always thought they were kind of a nuisance. The only part about her body she liked was her butt. It looked great in the tights she was wearing.

Given her Irish heritage, Sydney had very light skin. Alaina’s skin was a nice warm color, and it seemed to be whatever the season. She knew Alaina didn’t fake tan. That was just the color of her skin. Lucky bitch. If I stay outside too long on a sunny day, I cook like a piece of bacon.

At heart, Sydney was still a bit of a tomboy. She was a photographer, which allowed her to sometimes get into very unusual environments to capture fantastic moments. She wasn’t afraid to get her hands, or the rest of her body, dirty to do it either. She also could be very intimidating when the occasion called for it. She felt that mostly when men she worked around tried to get in her way. She spoke her mind, and she was sure most of the men who traveled with her on her nature shoots thought she was a super bitch. She didn’t care. Being a photographer had always been her dream since she was a child, and she wasn’t going to let macho assholes get in her way.

This didn’t mean she hated men . . . just the cocky jackasses who thought they should be worshiped. She’d had a few good relationships with some good men, but, as time went on, her career curtailed the chances of any of these relationships to reach the settle down phase. She regretted it sometimes, and some of the breakups were pretty painful; however, she would jump back into work and the pain would dwindle to a memory. She still held out hope that she would one day be able to meet the right guy and settle down, but it wasn’t in the cards right now.

Sydney was putting the final touches on her makeup, which she always applied lightly. If she put on too much eyeliner or lipstick, it made her face look almost pale. Her stomach made a bubbling groaning sound. It had been doing that since she woke up that morning. She tried to use the bathroom to alleviate her stomach troubles, but she wasn’t able to go. She couldn’t think of anything she might have eaten that would upset her stomach this much. Truth be told, her body felt more achy as the morning went on. She hadn’t heard of any sort of flu bug going around, so it was probably something she had eaten. She did like to eat, but she had the metabolism of a rabbit. Everything she ate burned off pretty quickly, especially when she exercised. Her stomach just felt kind of hot and liquidy, so she used the bathroom again. The only thing she managed to do was pee.

Sydney was determined to beat Alaina to the deli, so she finished getting ready and headed out the door.

“Aha!” Sydney exclaimed as she pulled into the parking lot of the deli. “I don’t see Alaina’s car. I did it! Sydney Rose, you are the shit.”

She quickly exited her car, reveling in her victory. Her stomach interrupted her mental victory. During the ten-minute drive to the deli, her stomach went from bubbly and groaning to a more forceful yell. One hand shot to her stomach; the other to her backside. After a few deep breaths, she was able to gain control. For a moment there, she seriously thought she was going to lose it and poop in her pants.

She sat down at the toilet at the deli, and she was finally able to go. And go she did . . . very wetly and noisily. She hoped no one else was in the bathroom when she let loose.

Jesus! I seriously don’t feel well. Maybe I should tell Alaina I need to reschedule.

She shook her head. She wanted to see her friend. She finished up in the bathroom and found a table in the outdoor section of the deli. She knew Alaina would have to travel down the street that ran in front of the deli, so she chose this spot so she could wave at her as she drove by.

This is gonna be great. She chuckled maliciously.

Sydney spent the next few minutes scrolling through her phone as she waited for her friend. She was able to answer a couple emails, check her Facebook, and read some news headlines.

“Ugh. How stupid are these people? I mean who thinks like that, let alone says that out loud. And these are the people we want running this country. Idiots.”

As she continued scrolling, her stomach began acting up again with renewed vigor. She also felt the growing need to pee. She had pee while unleashing her fury in the deli bathroom.

What the hell is wrong with your stupid body, Sydney?

Just after asking this rhetorical question, she spotted Alaina’s gray Mazda 6 driving past. She once again gained control and managed a drawn out wave to her friend. She could see Alaina’s eyes get bigger. Her mouth didn’t gape open like Sydney was expecting, but she was hoping she would see that as Alaina walked towards their table.

Sydney’s stomach, destined to not let her enjoy her victory, gave a wicked and painful lurch. She hunched over in her chair slightly, emitting an audible ummmppphhhffff. Once again, she again about lost control and had a full blown accident in her pants.

You need to go back to the bathroom, stupid! Her urge to pee heightened after the bad stomach cramp. She started to rise out of the chair when she heard the familiar voice behind her.

“Is the world going to end? What the hell?”

Despite the distress Alaina was feeling, she managed to stand fully and turn around with a victorious smile on her face.

There it is - the wide eyes AND gaping mouth. This is delicious.

“I about rear-ended some dude when I saw you were already here and waved at me like an asshole,” Alaina said, clearly dumbfounded at her friend’s uncharacteristic punctuality. Sydney smiled, still relishing her friend’s annoyance.

“What took you so long, lady?” Sydney asked playfully.

Alaina scowled at her, but it quickly dissolved into a smile. The two friends hugged.

“You’re still an asshole,” Alaina said.

Yeah, well . . . you’re kind of a bitch,” Sydney responded with a smile.

Sydney was hit with another painful stomach cramp. Sensing her friend suddenly tensing up, Alaina stepped back to look at Sydney.

“Shit, Syd,” Alaina said with a concerned look. “You okay, lady? You don’t look so good.”

Once again, Sydney breathed through it, but she suddenly felt warm liquid dribbling down the inside of her legs. She quickly looked down and saw her tights glistening slightly. She stemmed the flow and pulled the bottom of her oversized sweater down over the crotch of her tights. The pain of the cramp had been so intense that she had started to wet her pants.

“Oh, no,” Sydney gasped, feeling her face blush violently. “Ummm . . . not really, Lainey. I really need to . . . “

Alaina had witnessed Sydney losing control of her bladder when she pulled away from the hug. Sydney had not been able to pull her sweater down fast enough. Recognizing her friend’s desperation, Alaina gently led her friend back towards the bathroom. Sydney felt Alaina’s arm draped around her shoulder as they walked, which was more difficult with every step. Sydney was clutching her stomach with one hand; the other hand was clenched at her side.

“God, Lainey,” Sydney mumbled as she fought back tears. “It hurts, baby. I’m gonna poop my pants.”

“It’s okay, Syd,” Alaina said softly, still slowly guiding her friend through the restaurant. “We’re almost to the bathroom. You’ll be fine.”

Another cramp hit Sydney, and she had to clench with all her might to avoid messing her pants completely. She felt another more forceful cascade soak her pants. It was harder to stem the flow as she walked, but she finally did. She felt the butt of her tights becoming soaked, and she still felt like she had to pee. She didn’t dare look down at her pants, because she figured, based on the wetness she felt, she had probably soaked her pants pretty thoroughly.

As the bathroom came into view, Sydney knew she didn’t have any more fight in her. She broke away from Alaina and trotted out the exit into the parking lot.

“Syd! What are you . . . hey?” Sydney heard Alaina call after her.

Surprisingly, Sydney had been able to make it to her car. She noticed Alaina’s car was parked right next to hers. She unlocked her car with the fob and quickly pulled a towel from a gym duffle bag in her backseat. She heard hurried steps approach her, then Alaina was by her side.

“Sweetie? Syd?” Alaina said gently as she placed her hand gently on her friend's back. “The bathroom . . .”

Sydney felt hot tears running down her cheeks, and she felt herself start to sob. She felt another more power cramp building.

“I’m sorry, Lainey,” Sydney whimpered as she slowly hugged her friend. “This is so . . .”

Sydney tighted her arms around Alaina as the building cramp hit. She didn’t have enough strength to fight it.

“Unnmmmmhhh,” was all Sydney could manage as her bowels lurched violently. Wave after wave of wet, hot, and sludgy poop forced out of her. Sydney managed to stop long enough to catch her breath, then another round of liquidy and noisy mess filled her pants. Her abdominal and gluteal muscles were so sore from her holding in her bowels that it hurt too much to clench either of them. Amidst feeling the disgusting poop dripping out of her panties, Sydney couldn’t hold her bladdeer any longer. She hugged Alaina tighter as more pee gushed into her pants and soaked into her socks and shoes.

Despite her absolute agony and embarrassment, she really felt sorry for her Forever Friend, Alaina. This had to be so horrible to witness: her best friend just standing there pooping and peeing her pants uncontrollably. Through all the emotions going on in her brain, Sydney also noticed that her Alaina just pulled her into a tighter hug. This gesture completely warmed Sydney’s heart, but she was still worried that she was making such a huge mess in her pants that it would get all over her. It was one thing to completely soil your pants in front of someone, but it was quite another to get it all over someone who is trying to comfort you. Sydney tried pulling away, but Alaina held tight.

After what Sydney hoped was the last violent cramp subsided, she finished filling her pants with soft poop as her friend held her tight. She felt herself just crumple against Alaina, completely exhausted by the incident. After several moments of silence, Sydney was able to reduce her sobs to whimpers. A few moments later, she was able to pull away from Alaina’s shoulder. Since Sydney was significantly taller than her friend, she was bent over considerably to be able to rest her head on Alaina’s shoulder.

As she pulled away and slowly stood, the mess in her tights moved around, sliding down her legs. She would never be able to describe how vile and repugnant that felt. She wearily recalled the time she had accidentally peed her pants when she was age 19. She had held it too long and lost it halfway to the bathroom. Peeing her jeans in the hallway of her apartment at that age was just plain stupid. She remembered how she just stood there incredulous, unable to move once control was lost. That feeling of standing there pissing her pants and the clean up afterwards was one thing. Being too stubborn to go to the bathroom before her friend arrived or rescheduling their lunch and shitting and pissing her pants like a dufus, was absolutely ridiculous.

Still, Sydney managed to find a glimmer of humor in the situation.

“I still made it here before you,” she giggled. “You were late this time.”

Alaina didn’t respond. She just smiled.

