The dirty sister and her horny secrets

Author: Spurgle

*000*2022-06-15 18:49

Fair warning this does contain messing.

A few days ago I had a very interesting conversation with my fiancés sister. We were having a conversation about the law and how so many laws are either unsuitable or need adapting for use in the modern world. During the wide ranging discussion I brought up public urination and how people have and can be prosecuted for indecent exposure because of something as trivial as being caught short. Her opinion surprised the life out of me and that is why I’m writing it here.

When I asked for her take on the matter she opined thus;

“I understand why people do that, most people are brought up to believe anything is better than peeing yourself and because of that, some people go to extreme lengths to avoid this. I actually think this is something society should look at again”

I thought her take was both liberal but also very pragmatic at the same time. Neither of these things surprised me that much. In the couple of years I’ve known her, I’ve learnt she is a very good natured person and try’s to see the world in a positive light. To be honest, regardless of my (and our kink as a community) kink I genuinely thought her opinion to be enlightened.

Anyway, after listening carefully to her response, I challenged her on what she defined as extreme lengths.

“I’m sure we’ve all done it at some point or another and it might be hypocritical to say it, but I think the very manner of holding until it’s painful is extreme. Is it really worth it? When we were younger we all wet ourselves, it’s considered a natural part of human development and nobody bats an eyelid if a young person has an accident and whilst I understand the developmental reasons why this is the case, would it really be so bad to allow adults a similar leeway?”

Her question wasn’t rhetorical but I only gave a half answer, I wanted to hear her opinions, untainted by my own.

“I’ll put it this way; in any other facet of life it’s considered totally normal and practical to avoid pain and discomfort at just about any cost. Yet, when it comes to bodily functions, it’s the opposite. Society considers pain preferable to potential embarrassment. I’m not saying people should be running around peeing whenever the mood takes them, but rather society should be more tolerable when an accident does occur”

She was speaking passionately, as if she really believed strongly in what she was saying. So, I asked how she came to this opinion.

“The first time the thought occurred to me was 4 or 5 years ago, (she’s now 25) I was at summer cottage with a friend and their family and we were out on a long walk through the forest. We’d been walking for a while and I needed the toilet. I didn’t know their family well so I didn’t dare suggest going back so I could use the toilet, so I held on. I kept holding on for what felt like a long time, I was in pain. I still remember the panic I felt when my underwear suddenly turned warm, and then my legs, and ankles.

I didn’t say anything or make a fuss I just silently had a wee. My first reaction was panic but then I started to think; that wasn’t so bad. My friends’ parents reaction was one of anger. They said I was shameful to be doing that at my age and that I had embarrassed them. I remember crying, but it wasn’t embarrassment, it was their anger that made me cry. I went home the next day and told mum what happened and her reaction was the total opposite, her reaction was like; well, you didn’t turn into dust did you? Do you think you’re the first young woman to have an accident?

After this, I really started to think about the morals behind it”

I’ll be honest, I was a little aroused listening to her recount this story and I really wanted to know more but it just didn’t seem appropriate, but I did gently probe the subject. I feigned ignorance at her story and just asked; so you wet yourself?

“Yes, I’m not even entirely sure it was an accident” when she said this she laughed at the same time as if sharing an inside joke with herself but then went on, “I mean, it wasn’t a choice I made, but neither did I do much to stop it? I don’t know if that makes sense but I think I had unconsciously just given up”

Then a thought occurred to me so I asked; why didn’t you pee in the trees somewhere, surely there’s plenty of privacy in a forest?

“It wasn’t about privacy, it was about comfort. I didn’t want to pee in the bushes like an animal, I wanted a toilet but I didn’t have one. I never considered peeing in the bushes”

I smiled at that. Partly because I admired her conviction, but also because I’m a pervert who wanted to hear more about it, so I said; “so you peed in your pants instead of a bush?” I asked sarcastically.

“Yes” she said “and If faced with the same choice I would do it again”

“Really?” I asked eagerly in genuine surprise.

“Yes. What I learnt that day was that the pain is just not worth it. I was in agony and for what? My dignity? To avoid embarrassment? I didn’t feel any of that. I didn’t turn into dust, I haven’t turned into dust. The only outcome was that at first it made me warm, then it made me cold and then I had to wash some clothes. What’s so bad about that?”

I knew she was serious but I could hardly believe it. If I hadn’t of known her so well I would have thought I was being trolled.

“When you out it like that…” I said vaguely, as if I knew nothing about such things.

“Seriously. The only bad part about it was her parents’ reaction. Without that it’s nothing to make a fuss about. Which proves my point. If society becomes more tolerable, it immediately removes the only bad part about such things”

I felt the subject found trail off at this point but I was eager to avoid that outcome. I still wanted to know more, I wanted to dig deeper but I also didn’t want to sound weird. So, I decided to impress upon her academic instincts and challenged her theory.

“Yeah…” I said distantly “but one example doesn’t prove a theory, does it? It’s very easy to categorise a single event as not that bad because by its very nature, a one off is just that, a one off event not to be repeated. It just seems too easy to say it’s not that bad. Particularly as time has probably clouded your judgement” Even as I posed my challenge, I was nervous of the response. My fiancée knows of my kink but I didn’t want it to become common knowledge, I really believed I was walking a thin line. Of course, I wasn’t actually in danger of outing this secret but it felt like it at the time.

“Fair point” she said “but it’s not a one off event is it”

As soon as I heard the words come from her mouth my heart started beating heavier.

“It happens loads when we’re children” she said, and immediately my heart sank again. Then she chuckled. “I’m being facetious and hypocritical” she said, still chuckling “I have wet myself since then, it just seems weird to say it out loud”

I really couldn’t believe me ears. When I started out down this path by bringing up the public urination, I never once thought it would go this far. I hoped to maybe hear a couple of stories about close calls, but I never would have hoped for an outright admission. However, as surprised as I was I was also aroused by what I was hearing and I didn’t really know how I should react. In the end, I didn’t really react at all, at least as far as I realised. In my mind my face was stone, but I don’t know what the reality was. Nonetheless, whatever by reaction actually was, it couldn’t have been that bad because she continued to talk.

“I blame society for that too. It shouldn’t feel strange to say that I have and do wet myself”

“So” I said blankly “it’s happened since?” I said trying my best to hide my interest.

“Yes” she said “If I’m away from home I will hold until I start to feel uncomfortable and then, if I still have no access to a toilet, I’ll just have a wee wherever I am. That’s how I look at it really. I don’t really see it as wetting myself. I just see it as having a wee, and if I’m having a wee through my clothes, so be it, but I’m still just emptying my bladder” she said seriously.

I was staggered by her honesty but I also couldn’t help but agree inwardly at what she was saying. It just sounded so reasonable.

“People stare” she said “but I don’t think that’s terribly surprising. One time I was walking back home from the city. It was a Saturday afternoon and the streets were busy. I didn’t know the area well and I didn’t feel comfortable trying to stop in a random bar. So, I just had a wee in my underwear and jeans. That was one of the first times I had done that but it felt good and I didn’t turn into dust. Now it just feels normal. My roommates are used to it. They found it weird at first but now they understand. Really, it just heavy I do more washing than them” she said and then laughed.

My penis was hard listening to her words. I hid it as best I found but I wanted to know more.

“Does it happen often?” I asked.

“Why?” She asked.

“I’m just curious” I said as innocently as I could.

“We’ve been talking about this for a while, you’ve asked a lot of questions” she said.

“It’s an interesting topic” I said.

“So, you find me having a wee interesting?” She asked with a hint of something I couldn’t quite identify.

“We’ll… um… I don’t know” I stammered.

“Do you want to know something interesting?” She asked.

“Depends what it is” I said nervously.

She said nothing at first, but just smiled. She looked me dead in the eye and held her gaze for several moments. She licked her lip gently and then ruffled her hair. Her eyes never left mine and it felt as though she could see straight through me.

“I need a wee” she finally said.

I felt like a deer in the headlights.

“Well, the um toilet is there” I said meekly gesturing to the bathroom.

“The toilet is pointless now” she said.

“I don’t know what you mean?” I said honestly, I really didn’t know what was happening.

“What’s the point of peeing in a toilet when I’ve already started in my underwear” she said.

A moment later she stood up from the sofa. She looked tall stood above me but I knew she was actually much shorter than myself. Her body was lithe and petite and her dark sports style shorts seemed to hug her thighs. My head was at the height of her crotch and being so close, I could make out a faint wetness against her crotch.

Then, without a word she dropped her shorts to her ankles. In my face was now her pissy pussy. She wore grey underwear which showed the evidence of her words beautifully. She had indeed already started to pee in her underwear.

“A little bird tells me you like a girl with a weak bladder” she said.

I stammered some useless noises in reply.

“I’m a girl with a weak bladder!” She said in an inflated cute voice “and I realllly need a wee!”

I had now realised what was happening but I still didn’t know how to deal with it appropriately. How does someone prepare for such a thing?

“Don’t ignore me!” She demanded in a childish manner and then started to wee in her underwear again as if to grab my attention.

A trickle of pee bounced off the laminate floor and made a small puddle by her feet.

“I’m not ignoring you” I said trying to maintain my compose.

“Touch me” she demanded.

I didn’t move a muscle at her demand, so she did it for me. She took a firm grip of my right hand and pressed it firmly into her pissy crotch. It felt wonderfully warm. I pressed my fingers gently against her pussy and warm pee began to trickle through my fingers. All of my senses were tingling with delight.

“Do you want to know something?” She asked.

“Yes” I said somewhat breathlessly.

“When I woke up this morning I was horny as hell” she said “I was horny because I woke up in a puddle of wee. I had emptied my bladder in my sleep and I knew nothing until I woke up and I was soaking wet and cold. But being cold is a turn off, so I peed a little more, just to warm myself up. Then, I fingered myself through my pissy underwear and I peed even more as I came. Would you like that? If you had have been there this morning?”

“I’d have taken you there and then for being a naughty little girl” I said firmly.

She bit her lip.

“It’s not that naughty…” she said feigning innocence.

“Is it not?” I asked suspiciously.

“You’re too innocent for me” she said haughtily.

“Try me” I replied.

“Do you want to know what I did last week?”

I said nothing but just nodded.

“Last week I was at the beach with my roommates. I was wearing these shorts and an old pair of purple knickers. I’d already had a wee on the boat on the way to the beach so I was already pissy when I got to the beach. So, later on when I needed a wee again, I just stood and peed in my underwear again. Problem was, I didn’t only need to pee and my rule doesn’t just hold for pee. So, not being one for hypocrisy, I took a poop in my underwear too. How does that make you feel? Knowing that I pooped in my pants”

“I don’t believe you” I said teasingly “you’re too much of a good girl for that” I suggested.

She stared back at me, her big blue eyes seemed to shimmer. Her brow seemed to be damp with sweat and she was licking her lips regularly. My hand was still resting against her pissy crotch which was now beginning to cool as no more urine had left her body in the last few moments.

“You doubt me?” She asked.

“You’re too much of a good girl for that. A little bit of wee, sure, but poop? Nope” I said.

“Fuck you” she said.

A second later warm pee streamed through my fingers again. The urine steam sprayed off in several directions but it all ended up pooling on the floor by our feet. There was a stream running down the inside of bother her legs and a separate torrent seemed to be pouring from her rear end.

She took a hold of my hands again and placed them both on her bum cheeks. She was still having a wee and the grey cotton of her rear end was growing darker with every passing second. Her bum was pert and shapely, her perfect shape made more defined by the soaked grey cotton which hugged her contours.

Then it happened.

A second later she moaned audibly and then true to her word, she took a shit in her underwear. The grey cotton sagged slightly as it struggled to hold the weight of the load she had dropped in there. She continued to moan breathlessly as she forced more and more poop into her beleaguered underwear. All the while she was still peeing and a huge puddle had formed on the floor. I was horny and without even realising it, I had begun to tug myself whilst staring at disbelief at her soiled bum.

“Never say I’m a liar” she said.

Then she turned around swiftly and saw me tugging myself. She rested her hand on my thigh and gestured for me to stop. “Don’t waste it” she said. Then, she started to lead me towards the bathroom. Her underwear was soaked, they sagged tremendously under the weight of poop she had dropped there and she smelled overwhelmingly of fresh urine and poop.

“Look in there” she said gesturing to a wicket basket.

I opened the basket and was hit by the unmistakable scent of stale urine. Under her instruction I started to rummage through the laundry and pull out ladies underwear as I found them. I later out 8 pairs of knickers on the floor in front of us. There was a variety, of briefs, boyshorts, hipsters and a thong.

“Get closer” she instructed me.

I grabbed a pair at random, a pair of purple briefs, and held them to my nose. The aroma of urine filled my nostrils. I looked at the gusset and obvious pee staining was visible.

“You like?” She asked.

I nodded, so she gestured for me to take more.

I went though them all one by one. They were all heavily piss stained and the thong was caked in skid marks and stale urine.

“Someone is a messy little girl” I said.

“She is” she agreed “but they’re not mine. They’re my roommates”

I looked up at her in astonishment.

“I thought they were yours?” I said.

“Nope. She hasn’t realised that I know. But I’ve known for a while”

“How?” I asked in genuine curiosity.

“Sometimes it’s as simple as a wet spot on her jeans, sometimes she smells of pee. It’s not difficult” she said evenly “point is though, how you feel now is how I feel when I see her with a pissy wet spot in her jeans. I want her like you want me and you’re going to help me get her”

I stared at her blankly unable to fully understand exactly what was happening. I was beginning to think I was being played.

“I’m proposing a threesome” she said sensing my confusion “I’m yours right now, but I want you both in the future” she said.

I couldn’t resist. I would done anything to have her in that moment. The smell of her piss was enough to drive me crazy, but her soiled bum was the cherry on the cake.

“Fine” I said.

Then she smiled and then we had sex.

