An Unexpected Date (Wetting/Messing)

Author: SpectorIncognito250

*000*2012-09-09 17:59

(Note: This story has multiple endings.)

I was just waking up when my alarm clock went off. I hit the snooze button, only to hear the radio go off IN MY EAR. Annoyed, I unplugged it and plugged it back up. Thankfully, I remembered to put a battery in it to keep track of time. But enough about my clock; I need to get something to eat.

I walked into the kitchen, just when I remembered there there wasn't anything to eat at all...well, at least not breakfast wise, so I went to the store to pick up a few things to eat, specifically some cereal, milk, and possibly cinnamon rolls. I was approaching the clerk, just as I saw my friend Irene come up to me from behind.

"Nate!" she shouted, almost knocking me down by tackling me with a hug. "What's up?"

"Nothing much," I replied, being distracted by both her messy red hair and the register. I quickly paid for my things and left outside, with her taking a ride in the cart. Yes, the has that young of a heart. I take her straight to the cart stand to put the cart away. Then I (literally) pick her up out of the cart and placed her on her feet (on the ground, of course). As I take my things out of the cart, she asks me the most out-of-the-blue question I have ever heard.

"Can I go to your house? I'm really hungry."

I couldn't help but put a palm to my face, because I'm pretty sure that her house is loaded with food when her mom went shopping the other day for the storm that hit us yesterday. Also, she just got from the store with a bag full of junk food.

"Oh, by the way, I gotta pee."

...That was a different story. We quickly ran to my house, which actually wasn't very far away from the store, in hope that Irene could make it to the toilet in time. When we stopped halfway there, I almost thought she had wet herself. But it turned out to be just a false alarm.

"Nate?" she asks, getting my attention. "Do you want to know to know something?"

"Why, yes. What is it?"

"To tell the truth, I don't just have to pee. I gotta poop, too."

"Well, this is wonderful."

"Well, I really wouldn't mind going in public."

Irene knew of my fetish for girls peeing and pooping. She sighs in attempt to play around, but in truth, she's desperately trying to hold it. Then, I ask her a question that I thought I would never ask a girl in person.

"If we can't make it, would you probably go behind a bush or a garbage can?"

"Of course!"

It seemed to be getting to that point now, as Irene was now holding one hand at her privates and another at her butt. I was beginning to think I might just get my wish sooner than expected, as I approach my house and reach for my keys. Then I suddenly noticed that she had wolfed down her snacks along the way, which had probably influenced the pressure on both her bladder and her bowels. I will bet that she's thinking about just letting it all go.

Ending 1:

{{:

I had just unlocked the door and opened it when all of a sudden, Irene runs off to the blind spot behind the garage. Of course, I followed her, just as she was pulling down her black shorts and red striped panties. When she saw me, her face started to turn red. It looks as if I am just about to get my wish. She squats down and smiles at me.

"Hope you enjoy the show," she said, with a quite cute smile on her face. As she sighs and lets out a big, golden stream, she could faintly see a bulge in my pants from watching her. She was expecting me to do something with it.

"You can masturbate if you want," she said as she begins to force out her pee, making the stream much bigger. I placed my hand between my legs, but the stream stopped before I even had the chance to stroke. I then wondered if she was going to take a dump, but when I saw her butt expand, all that came out was air. Lots and lots of air. Not a single turd came out.

"That feels so much better," Irene said in relief. "It's too bad that I didn't poop like I thought I had to."

She pulls up her clothes and walks inside the house to wash her hands. She then goes to the kitchen to bake the cinnamon rolls that I had just bought.

"Maybe next time," she said, kissing my cheek.

}}

Ending 2:

{{: 

I suddenly realize that I forgot the keys inside the house. Luckily, though, I forgot to close the door all the way when I left. I open the door, and suddenly, Irene rushes straight to the bathroom. She seemed too desperate to close the door behind her. She drops her black shorts and red panties and sat on the toilet. When I walked up next to her, I stared down into the toilet and saw that the water was still clean and clear. It was as if she wanted me to watch her go on the toilet. Though, I sort of expected her to go outside.

"Hope you enjoy the show," she said, smiling at me. Her face turned red as she closes her eyes and begins to breathe in. I wondered if she was just bluffing about the pooping part. She wasn't. I could hear something drop into the toilet, followed by a pouring sound in the water. Her legs were closed, so I couldn't see anything, but it was perfectly clear what she was doing. She opens her eyes and saw a bulge in my pants that almost scared her. She stares at it for a bit, expecting me to do something about it.

"Do you want to, like, masturbate or something?" she asked me as she inhales again. "Oooh, this is a big one coming out!"

There was no way I could say no to this. I reached my hand down my pants and grabbed my stick. I could hear another plop in the toilet as I began to stroke, but she got up, wiped her butt, and pulled her clothes back up. I stared into the toilet and saw three logs sitting in the yellow pool.

"Like what you see?" she asks, just as she flushes the toilet. Wow. What a buzzkill. She washes her hands at the sink and goes to the kitchen to bake the cinnamon rolls I had just bought. As she puts them in the oven, she sticks her butt in the air and rips a big fart. She then sits me on a chair and sat on my lap, very close to where she could feel "something" touch her butt. She rips another fart, probably in attempt to mess herself on me.

}}

Ending 3:

{{: 

(Note: This really happened..well, the messing part did.)

I had just unlocked the door when Irene suddenly opens the door and ran straight to the bathroom. She tries to open the door, but the door just wouldn't open. It was as if someone had just locked it.

"Come on! Open up!" she whimpered as she banged on the door. "I gotta go now!"

This door was always like this when someone had an emergency like this. I've been meaning to have that thing fixed. I could see Irene desperately trying to hold on, but it seemed that she could not hold on any longer. She takes off her black shorts and tosses them to me, then her socks and shoes. I held the shorts to my nose, but I was more distracted by the red striped panties she were wearing. She opens her legs and leans a little to where her butt was sticking out.

"Sorry, I'm gonna go," she said. I could not believe my eyes. I could hear a big wet fart as a big lump formed in her panties. She pulls them down so she could push more into them. She stops every now and then to catch her breath as the lump grew to the size of a baseball. When she realizes that she couldn't push in any more, she stops to let out a golden stream that poured down her legs onto the floor, forming a huge puddle.

After it was over, she takes off the panties to dump the brown ball into the garbage can. I could clearly see the mess on her butt. When she came back, she stares at the bulge at my pants. She strokes the bulge, but then grew a bigger idea. She first wipes the mess from her butt and washes her hands, then she goes to the kitchen to bake the cinnamon rolls that I had just bought. She afterwards laid down on a couch and gently rubbed her spot. This was much better than just taking a dump in public.

}}

*003*2012-10-24 05:18

{{: 

Great story, enjoyed the multiple endings. I think number two was my favorite, would love to read more stories with messing involved please keep posting :D

}}

Holy sweet honey in tea, I completely forgot about this thread... :D

I'll add on to this story whenever I can. And honestly, I liked the second one, too. :D

