Closing the Hatch

Author: BladderBuster

*000*2016-05-10 02:00

Disclaimer: I have added a disclaimer.

Actual Disclaimer: Poop Desperation, if you hate this stuff, the back button is at the top left of your screen .

Quinn woke up to the annoying beeping of her alarm clock. Rolling out of bed, she stumbled to her mirror to examine herself. Quinn had dainty eyelashes, which covered her jade eyes. Red hair cascaded across her back. Her mouth was always in a smirk, ready to give a sarcastic remark. Her body was slim, with average breasts and a normal ass. Her privates were hidden away by black, lacy panties and bra. Her mind was brought back to Earth when her bladder sent a request to be emptied. Taking heed to her body, Quinn walked to the bathroom, where she promptly sat down, relaxing her muscles. A trickle of urine leaked out, giving relief to her organ. Satisfied, Quinn busied herself in getting ready for a day of errands.

###

As Quinn sat down in her car, she checked the list of errands that needed to be finished. A twinge of anger flashed through her mind. "Why do I have to go shopping on a beautiful day like this? I could be enjoying a hike, or hanging out with friends. Whatever, if I can finish my errands in a decent time, maybe I can have some fun."

Describing our character go through the tedious routine of shopping would be unbearable, and if wanted to experience this, there's a car in your garage for a reason. Anyways, back to our story.

"Man, I finished a lot earlier than expected, it's only 3'o'clock! Just gotta drive down the highway, then home is mine." As this thought flew through Quinn's mind, a new sensation lurked inside of her. A good sized turd was asking to be released! Instead, Quinn closed her anus, trapping it in her rectum. As Quinn concentrated on her urge, she didn't notice that she was slowing down. Finally, she looked out the window, and saw she drove right into bumper to bumper traffic. "God damnit, now I have to wait to relive myself." As she slowed down to a crawl, the urge returned. Quinn sighed, and prepared for the long hold.

An hour later, Quinn was speeding down the highway, pushing her car's engine to unbelievable limits. One hand was at the steering wheel, the other grasping her ass. Finally, she pulled off and turned down a dirt road. A mile later, Quinn's house loomed into view. Surrounded in secluded woods, almost nobody but her friends have seen her house. Quinn jumped out of the car, unlocked her house and ran for the bathroom. As she proceeded to open the door, a hinge broke, jamming the door. Quinn felt her anus slowly puckering, and squeezed it shut with all her might. Now at home, a sick idea popped into Quinn's mind. "This could turn out to be a blessing in disguise," she pondered.

Quinn tore off her clothes, only leaving her bra on. Quinn stroked her ass, arousing her. The urge to shit was immense, but Quinn was strong. Every so often, she'd tease her body by relaxing long enough for the front end poke out, then sucking it back in to her rectum. Getting some excitement out of this technique, Quinn started to be more risky, popping squats and pushing her bowels. Finally, the urge became to great to hold back, and Quinn dashed out to her backyard. There, she squatted down, and pushed with all her might. A huge landslide escaped from her colon, offering the best feeling of relief. After all the poop came out, Quinn started to feel a painful stomach ache. Suddenly, her anus opened one more time to release the longest fart Quinn ever encountered. It started as the low rumble, but it grew high pitched, and went down again.

"Pfffffffffffsfsfsfsfssssssssssssfsfsfsfsfsfsppppp..."

Utter relief filled Quinn, giving her a small orgasm. What she never mentioned was how she loved the feeling of the urge, and the relief. "Maybe one day, I could try this again."

