Zuorsara Commissions: Drunk Party Accident

Author: Zuorsara

*000*2020-09-16 23:40

This is Zuorsara Writing Commissions. I've written several commissions over the past few months and I intend to start posting them here over the next few days and weeks. If you're interested in commissioning me to write a story for you, check out my fiverr gig for a simple and fast way of showing me your story ideas.

%https://www.fiverr.com/zuorsara/write-erotic-omorashi-literature

Shweta’s car zoomed through the suburbs on the way to the Lilly’s party in the cool evening air. She was almost late, but fortunately she’d just managed to get her makeup and clothes looking just right in time for the party. The air brushed gently against her face from her open-topped car as she sped through the darkened streets, the last glimmers of the sun shining down upon her back from within the orange-purple sky.

Shweta had only been in the country for a few years; she and her parents were Indian immigrants that had moved when her father got a job at a higher position in the company, whilst she went to university. Although she was already fluent in English by the time she arrived, she had been worried that she wouldn’t be accepted, or that she wouldn’t make any friends, but fortunately that hadn’t been the case. Melissa and Lilly, two other university students, had been very accepting and nice towards her, and they became very fast friends. Lilly was from an upper-middle class background, and as such usually paid for stuff, but Melissa was much more independent and outgoing. Over time, Shweta found herself becoming more and more confident when she was around them, and she was immensely thankful for the opportunities that her parents and life had given her.

Whereas Shweta and Melissa had their own birthday parties, it was Lilly’s that everyone really looked forward too. Her house was gigantic (her parents had bought it for her), and had its own swimming pool, sound system and several guest bedrooms. It seemed like every other room had a giant TV in it, and outside was its own little bar setting and grill. Lilly’s hobby was cooking, and at her parties she’d often take the time to make food for everyone, both to show off her talents and make her friends and partygoers even happier. Alcohol was abundant, and it seemed like nearly every other student from the area would be invited. In truth, Shweta didn’t really know how to control her drinking, especially at parties and social occasions such as this.

Her parents were very conservative, and she’d had to be very sneaky about bringing alcohol into her room when she was with one of her friends. But at parties, she could get as drunk as she wished, and often she perhaps went a little overboard. Another thing that Shweta enjoyed was seeing and flirting with all the boys. She’d had a few boyfriends in the past, but for some reason long-term relationships just hadn’t happened for her yet. She had her eye on a boy she knew would turn up at the party though; a tall dark-haired guy called Thomas who she’d talked to after a couple of lectures, discovering that his birthday was only a few days before hers. She knew that he was single, and she hoped that this would provide the perfect opportunity to flirt with him and see if she could go anywhere with him.

In the distance, Shweta could hear the vague sound of music and see flashing lights. Evidently the party had already begun. She hoped that she wouldn’t be the last one to arrive; she’d spent ages getting her clothes just right and doing her makeup.

As she arrived at the house, she was greeted by blaring music and several partygoers on the outside lawn. Looking around for somewhere to park, she eventually discovered a tight spot a short way down the road. She got out and flicked her hair back.

Shweta was slightly shorter than average, with long black hair and a light brown complexion. She was wearing a moderately thick layer of makeup, which was typical for her, and her form was squeezed into a red croptop and a pair of tight denim shorts, underneath which was a black thong. Shweta was actually a little overweight, especially compared to how slim Melissa and Lilly were, but it seemed that most of the fat had gone to her thighs and ass. Her breasts were decent, but nothing compared to how fat her ass was. It was absolutely massive, her large ponderous bubble butt barely contained behind her shorts, which were stretched to capacity. Although she’d never have Lilly’s prominent bouncing breasts, she could at least be happy that the other girls were a little jealous of her thicc booty.

As she walked towards the front door of the house, Shweta began to feel a little tingle inside her bladder that signalled she should probably use the toilet. She didn’t have a small bladder by any stretch, but neither was it particularly large. Instead, she found that she could simply hold for longer than most other girls; if it was a one-on-one bladder contest like at Melissa’s party earlier that year, she’d be certain to lose against a larger-than average bladder, but if it was just holding a full bladder for a long time, Shweta had a good chance of success.

It wasn’t uncommon for her to go through an entire lecture desperate for the toilet, with a prominent bladder bulge down below her slightly chubby tummy, only for her to take her time and carefully make her way to the nearest bathroom whenever there was an opportunity. Since her childhood in India, she’d hated using toilets that were in any way dirty or unusual, and she especially hated squatting in places to pee. She’d only take a piss in the bushes or in a squat toilet if it were an absolute emergency. It was just something about feeling exposed that rubbed her up the wrong way.

She pushed aside the front door and immediately bumped into something tall and muscular. Gasping as a piece of fabric hit her in the eye, her arms flailed in the air and she tried not to fall over. Her arm grabbed onto something in her blind rush, and she felt her hand tighten onto something.

“Woah, sorry Shweta! I didn’t see you there,” came a guy’s voice.

Shweta rubbed the redness out of her eye and tried to look up, hoping her eyeliner wasn’t all smudged.

“Hey, if you wanted to feel my bicep you could’ve asked first,” the voice joked. Still bleary-eyed, Shweta realised that she was her hand had mistakenly grabbed Thomas’ bicep, his carefully-maintained black hair unmistakeable in the light of the room. Embarrassed, she retracted her arm and said “Hi,” as best she could whilst still trying to ignore the pain from where the fabric of Thomas’ shirt had touched her eye.

“Shweta! You’re here at last,” came a voice from down the hallway as Melissa ran towards her. The tall redhead was holding a bottle of beer in one hand, and she practically raced up to Shweta and hugged her, digging the beer into Shweta’s back. Despite the discomfort, Shweta managed to hug her back, the need to pee reminding itself of its presence as the two girls pressed themselves into each other.

“This is Thomas,” Melissa said, grabbing his arm. Thomas smiled and replied with “Yeah, we’ve met before a couple of times.”

Melissa’s eyes lit up with a particular kind of look.

“Ooh, I get it. I didn’t know you two were-“

“Uh, we’re not... anything...” Shweta blurted out, feeling the blood rush to her face.

“Hmm...” said Melissa sceptically. “Well anyway, Lilly’s at the pool out back. She’s gonna make food for everyone in a little while. Did you get her a present?”

“Yeah,” said Shweta, pulling out a hastily-wrapped bottle of champagne. She’d also brought her tickets for a concert for their favourite band, which was playing next month.

“Great! Okay, well I’m going to see what Sam’s up too. I’ll catch you later.” With that, Melissa strode off again, leaving Thomas and Shweta alone just inside the front door. They both looked at each other awkwardly for a few seconds before Shweta said “I better go and give Lilly her present.” Thomas nodded and said “Talk to you later.”

Whilst seeing Lilly on her birthday was very important, so was making sure to empty her bladder before she filled it back up again with alcohol. She’d been a bit embarrassed about admitting her need with Thomas there, and as such she hadn’t been able to ask Melissa for directions. Walking around, it seemed like the door to every room was identical, and she didn’t want to accidentally walk into a bedroom to find anyone is a compromising position. Eventually, she discovered a tiny room on the ground floor that contained a shower, toilet and sink. She suspected it wasn’t the master bathroom, but she wasn’t about to let this opportunity to relieve herself sink through her fingers.

She pulled the sliding door shut and went over to the toilet, spending maybe a minute trying to push her shorts down over her asscheeks. One of the consequences of wearing figure-hugging clothes was definitely trying to take them off when the need to relieve herself arose. Eventually however, she was successful, and she pulled her black thong to the side and sat down on the toilet. It was dreadfully uncomfortable; her colossal booty was squashed between the wall and side of the shower, and she had to press herself right up against the back of the toilet so her knee didn’t press up against the ice-cold side of the sink. The toilet seat was similarly freezing, and she shivered a tiny bit before it began to warm up from her body heat. After she felt comfortable enough, she managed to let her bladder empty.

From beneath her generous thighs came a muffled hissing, followed by the noise of a beam of urine spraying gently into the bowl below. It wasn’t a very powerful stream; if she had to guess her bladder might’ve been about sixty-percent full, and as such it only lasted thirty seconds before tapering off into a few drops. She got up, smudging the side of her ass against the wall, and wiped her dampened pussy with a tissue before flushing the toilet and washing her hands. Then she left the awkward bathroom and headed out to the pool to find Lilly.

Lilly was sitting in the shallow end of the illuminated pool with several girls who Shweta didn’t know. Her slim frame was shifting around in the water, laughing and giggling with the girls, all of which were wearing either bikinis, or had just gone in their bras and panties. Turning towards her, Lilly called her over.

“Oh hi Shweta! You want to come in?”

“Yeah, come in, the water’s lovely!” called another one of the girls.

Shweta rolled her eyes. She placed the bag of presents next to the pool and crossed her arms.

“Sorry to disappoint you Lilly, but I didn’t bring a towel.”

“Oh, it’s fine. I’ve got loads spare,” replied Lilly. Shweta just sighed and began to strip down to her bra and thong, eliciting a few whistles from a few guys that were standing at the other side of the garden. “Nice ass!” she heard one called out to her, and she flicked her eyes in their direction and gave them a big smile. Then she realised that Thomas was standing with them, trying to ignore their antics, and she suddenly felt self-conscious again. She sank into the pool up to her neck, and felt the water grace the bottom of her hair.

“Oh, I should introduce you. These are some of the girls from the local area; this is Helen, Katherine, Tanya...”

As Lilly introduced the rest of the girls in the pool with her blonde hair flicking beads of water every time she turned her head, Shweta felt more and more relaxed. She was totally going to enjoy this party, and definitely try and see if she could use the opportunity to get with Thomas. She picked a beer off the side of the pool and opened it. It didn’t taste particularly amazing, but she guessed that with so much booze Lilly had had to budget a little bit. Still, she drank the whole think and began to get engrossed in the others’ conversation. After showing Lilly her present and enjoying her jubilant reaction to the tickets, she noticed one of the girls, Helen, was seemingly a bit more tipsy than the rest of them.

“Oh my god, I just realised I have to pee,” said Helen after a little while.

“Do you want to, like, pee in the pool?” replied Katherine jokingly.

“No, don’t pee in my pool. Use the toilet,” said Lilly, but her voice was drowned out by laughs and giggles from the other girls as Helen described how she was “like, totally bursting”. Shweta really hoped she didn’t pee in the pool, she didn’t fancy relaxing in somebody else’s waste.

After bouncing around a little bit to the amusement of the other girls, and Lilly’s displeasure, Helen said “Should I pee on the lawn? Would that be like, really naughty?” The other girls laughed again. Slowly, Helen clambered out and sat on the grass, with her feet just hovering over the pool near Shweta’s head.

“Okay, I’m gonna pee,” Helen whispered, giggling.

“Do it,” said Tanya, grinning at the mischievous deed. From below where Helen was sitting, an almost imperceptible hissing noise signalled that she was indeed relieving herself. She threw her head back and moaned.

“Ohhh, that feels so good. I was desperate,” she said. The hissing went on for a minute, then she quickly picked herself up and plopped back into the pool. Looking over the edge of the pool to where Helen had been sitting, she could see a small amount of frothing liquid glinting in the light, being rapidly absorbed in the soil. The acrid stench of piss hung in the air next to her.

“Your piss smells like beer,” said Lilly with a cheeky grin.

“Oh, I really needed that. My bladder was gonna burst, for real.”

As they sat and drank more and more, Shweta began to feel a bit of a need to pee herself. After Tanya resolved to leave the pool and look for a toilet, Lilly decided that she was going to get out, and the others agreed to follow her. Having been handed a towel, Shweta began to dry herself in a corner away from the other girls. She was feeling a little self-conscious about drying herself with only her bra and thong protecting her modesty. Although she’d had a fair amount to drink already, she was still only a bit tipsy, though that was sure to change before the end of the night. The coldness of the air on her skin made her feel the urge to pee even more. She could still hold it, but she was getting a little desperate. She only hoped the other girls like Helen or Katherine would be finished with the small one she’d found earlier.

After dressing herself and making sure her makeup hadn’t been too badly messed up by any rogue splashes from the pool, she pulled herself out of the shadows and headed in search of the hall where she’d discovered the bathroom.

“Hey, Shweta?” she turned to find Thomas behind her.

“Yes?” she said. She hoped she didn’t sound to aggressive, perhaps the alcohol was making her a bit less perceptive about her actions than usual.

“I saw the way you looked at me earlier. I just wanted to say... I think you’re really cute.”

“Oh... Actually, I kinda think you’re really cute as well.” Shweta’s heart fluttered as she said it.

“I wanted to know if you and me could go with each other for the rest of the party? And maybe I could take you out to a restaurant or something sometime?”

“I – I’d love that.”

“Great!” Thomas smiled. Ignoring her increasing need for the toilet, Shweta wrapped herself around his arm and they went to find someplace to sit with each other. After walking throughout the house, they eventually found a large sofa in an empty room and sat down together. They both cracked open a beer each, and although the alcohol was starting to impact Shweta a little bit, Thomas didn’t seem like it was affecting him yet.

“Remember after that lecture, when your car broke down and you were late for the bus?” said Thomas, looking into Shweta’s eyes.

“Oh yeah.” Shweta neglected to mention that her car had never broken down and she had never been late for a bus; she’d been trying to get away because she was worried that somebody would notice the quantities of piss that had been discreetly squirting down the inside of her legs for the past twenty minutes.

“Well, from the moment I saw you, I actually thought you were absolutely gorgeous. I didn’t really have the opportunity to tell you...”

“I thought the same way about you, Thomas.”

“Really? I wondered, because you ran off so fast that maybe you were making excuses or-“

“No, that was because I was desperate to... get on the bus in time.” Shweta almost told him the truth, but kept her lips sealed at the last second, when she remembered her white lie.

“Well, anyway. I’m so glad you feel the same way that I do about you,” Thomas said, his face getting closer to hers. “It was just you looked so awkward, I felt like I was being weird or something.”

From within her insides, Shweta felt a significantly strong pull telling her that she needed to get to the bathroom, fast. But she was just enjoying sitting next to Thomas, loving his company and feeling his breath on her cheek. The alcohol was reducing her ability to determine just how full her bladder really was.

“Can we talk about something else?” she said, gritting her teeth and moving about in the chair. Her hands edged closer to the inside of her thighs.

“Uh, yeah sure. What do you want to talk about?” Thomas said, surprised. He wrapped an arm around Shweta as she pushed herself up against him, her bladder cramping as she felt his body against hers.

“Why don’t you talk about yourself, T?” she said, her dreamy eyes gazing into his.

“Myself? Well, I guess I...” and Thomas started talking. He was obviously trying to engage Shweta, but she wasn’t really interested in talking about herself. She was just perfectly contented to sit there, basking in his soft body heat, feeling his powerful muscles protecting her from the muffled noises of the party outside the room. Her eyes were half-open, her mouth imagining the sorts of things she’d let him do to her. Slowly, her hands began to creep over his body, feeling his strong arms, his perfect abs, and reaching down...

Suddenly, a spike of pain rang out through her, and she quickly jumped her arm out from his pants to grasp her pussy, as a tiny drip of urine soaked through her thong and heated the area around her pussy.

“Woah, you alright?” Thomas said, his speech a little slurred from all the beer they’d been drinking.

“Yeah,” Shweta said, trying to relax back into her normal position. But something was bugging her, making her active, making her bounce around in her seat. She wasn’t completely drunk yet, but her mental agility had been impaired just enough for her to start to not notice things – things such as the urine that had began to drip down out of her clenched urethra and into her shorts.

“T... I want you. Let’s go somewhere...” she said, pulling herself out of the seat.

“Sure,” he whispered. She grabbed him by the hand and began to pull him towards the nearest bedroom. She was hot and bothered; she needed him badly. She wanted him to please her, to thrust himself inside her, to ravage her body in every way he knew how.

As soon as they slipped into the room, Thomas shut the door and flicked the lock on it, before pressing Shweta against it and slipping a hand down her shorts, pressing it against her pussy. Her mind went wild with pleasure as he did so; she’d never been more desperate for a guy in all her life.

“Holy shit, you’re wet.”

Shweta nodded quickly. “Please, fuck me. I want you inside of me. Please, I need you.”

“No, I mean, Shweta, your pants are fucking soaked.”

As soon as he said the word “soaked”, Shweta felt another surge of tension in her urethral area, and her crotch felt very hot and wet again all of a sudden. She managed to clinch it off, but Thomas pulled his hand out of her shorts. It was glistening with liquid. He put it his face and sniffed it. “That’s fucking piss,” he said, his voice slurred. “Shweta – do you need to go to the toilet?”

At the word toilet, another hot feeling entered Shweta’s thong.

“Please... I just want to fuck you.” At that, Thomas suddenly looked deep into her eyes, and then he moved in and began to kiss her, pulling her face up to his as they made out pressed up against the door. She pressed her hands up against his chest, before slowly she sank her body down until she was kneeling on the floor. Quickly, he began to undo his fly, and she grasped his erect cock in her hands as she prepared to put it in her mouth. She tried desperately to ignore the painful thrum of her bladder, but kneeling in that position, with her legs slightly separated, was absolutely wrecking her control.

Within less than a minute of playing with Thomas’ cock, she stopped, trying to control herself. But this time, it was something worse than a squirt. A loud hissing noise came from her crotch as she sunk both hands against her pussy through the fabric.

“Shweta... what’s wrong?”

Shweta couldn’t respond. A puddle of dark yellow piss was spreading out from where she was kneeling in front of him. Her eyes were closed; the relief was incredible, like she was meant to do this. As she pissed her pants, the urine puddle grew and grew until it was assaulting Thomas’ shoes.

“What the fuck? Shweta, did you fucking piss? Did you... we gotta get you to a toilet...” Thomas’ voice said, breaking through Shweta’s piss meditation and suddenly make her panic. Did she really just piss in front of the cutest boy in her university?

With Shweta in a state of shock having cut off her piss stream, Thomas shoved his cock back into his trousers and grabbed Shweta by her soaking wet hand, pulling her out of the room and leaving a significant puddle of strong-smelling piss on the wooden floor behind. They pushed their way past the drunken partygoers and towards the bathroom as fast as possible, Thomas drunkenly stumbling but dragging a stunned Shweta behind him.

When they arrived at the bathroom, Thomas looked at the door and said “Shit... It’s occupied. Stay right there... I’m gonna get... a bottle for... the piss.” Then he shoved her onto the toilet and ran out of the bathroom.

As soon as her ass hit the toilet, Shweta relaxed. She had made it. Her bladder, tired and abused, began to relax. Feeling the urine leave her body was sheer bliss, feeling the soft leather seat of the toilet envelop her, moving her legs and spreading them wide open as she enjoyed every second. The only sound was the strange sounds of the party, and the hissing of her urine as it hit the soft fabric of the toilet bowl, filling all around her, her entire lower body and legs warmed by the tremendous relief of her mighty piss. Then there was the ‘thump thump’ of her urine, as it dripped onto the wooden bottom in front of the toilet, the ‘thumps’ increasing in frequency until there was a solid sound of piss being released onto the... floor?

“Shweta... you pissed yourself.”

Huh?

Shweta tried to look up, to see Thomas running towards holding an empty cup.

“No... I made it to the toilet... look,” she said, pointing to the door of the bathroom just as Melissa exited.

“Shweta, what the fuck? You fucking pissed yourself!” came Melissa’s voice, the sound that Shweta heard distorted by the alcohol.

“No I didn’t, I...” Shweta suddenly realised that she wasn’t sitting on the toilet. In fact, she was sitting on a leather chair in the hallway, a chair that was absolutely soaked with pungent urine, to the extent that a puddle was surrounding it to the diameter of at least a metre. Her entire lower body felt wet, and the heat of before was rapidly becoming a cold dampness. The increasingly unpleasant feeling was rather sobering, and Shweta suddenly had an inkling of her situation.

Before she knew it, Melissa had thrown a towel to Thomas and pulled her into the bathroom, leaving him outside to deal with the puddle. Quickly, Melissa began to strip Shweta of her clothes. Shweta was too drunk to be embarrassed; besides, she knew she could trust Melissa to do the right thing. She felt a shiver rise up her spine as her soaked shorts were wrung out over the shower floor, before Melissa placed them in the sink and ran the cold tap over them. Then, before she could say anything, Shweta was pushed into the shower as cold water poured over her. She shrieked a little at first, but the sticky urine being washed away was another feeling of relief. She felt herself slowly rise out of her drunken stupor, flicking her eyes open and closed as Melissa tended to her soaked clothes.

Before too long, Melissa turned the tap off and pulled Shweta out of the shower. She dried Shweta’s body as she stood there dumbly, before redressing her.

“I can’t dry your shorts, but I guess they won’t stink of urine anymore.”

“Thank... you...” Shweta mumbled, putting her shorts back on whilst Melissa stabilised her. She pulled her top back on, as well as her boots which Melissa had emptied of piss, and they slowly opened the bathroom door to avoid attention. Thomas was outside, hap-hazardly trying to soak up the urine with the over-saturated towel.

Melissa turned to her and said “I’m not sure you’re up to much more partying tonight. I think you should get a lift home.”

“No... I’m fine... I’ll be fine...” Shweta tried to protest, despite evidence of her accident clear as day next to Thomas’ feet.

“I’m calling a cab to get you home,” Melissa said, taking out her phone.

“No,” interjected Thomas. “Too many cars outside... a cab won’t get anywhere near here. I’ll take her in my car.”

“You’re too drunk to drive,” scorned Melissa. “I guess Shweta will just have to stay here for the time being. Come on, let’s get you some food; Lilly’s cooking something on the barbecue.” With Thomas and Shweta following, they left the hallway outside the bathroom and headed outside, where several dozen people were clustered around Lilly, who was moving backwards and forwards over a grill and handing out stuff to people. Melissa led her up to the grill, and with Shweta leaning on Thomas, they got some burgers each. But before they could find somewhere to sit, Lilly leaned over and said “Hey, try this expensive cheese that Katherine got me. I’ll put some on your burgers for you.”

Melissa turned to Shweta. “You want some?”

Shweta tried to say something, but all she could think of was “Yeah sure.”

As Lilly expertly assembled their food, Thomas turned to Shweta and said “I thought you were lactose-intolerant?”

“Only a little bit. Some sorts of stuff... set it off really really bad... I get like... diarrhoea... but this should be fine. I’ll only have a little bit...”

Thomas looked at her sceptically, but nonetheless they got their cheeseburgers and found a place to sit next to a hedge on the edge of the garden, in amongst a load of other women. They were chatting with each other, and when Shweta arrived, they cheered.

“We were wondering where you went,” said Tanya from the middle of the group.

“We thought you’d have gone home early. I’m glad you didn’t bail on us.”

Shweta was happy at being accepted so easily. They sat down and began to tuck in.

“So what was I saying? Oh yeah, so the most desperate I ever was was when I got arrested by this policewoman,” said a woman from next to Tanya. “I was so bursting for a piss that she thought I was drunk-driving.” There was a bit of friendly laughter from the rest of the girls.

“Did she take you to the station?” one of them said.

“No, but after the breathalyzer, I was too bursting to sit back in the car, so I just ran to the ditch next to the road, pulled my jeans down and started pissing away.”

“What did the policewoman do?” Katherine asked.

“Well, I was about halfway through my piss when suddenly the policewoman jumped into the ditch with me and said ‘I’m sorry, that’s driving me nuts’, then she just squatted down and began to piss as well. It was insane; I’ve never seen anyone piss that much, ever. It was like watching a racehorse pissing. And her piss was dark yellow; like extremely dark, almost orange. That’s my pee story anyway.”

“Oh, I’ve got one,” chirped a small Asian girl. “One time at work I was bursting for the loo, and I mean totally bursting. I was about five seconds away from peeing all over my chair. There was absolutely no way on earth that I was ever going to be able to make it to the toilet in time.”

“What did you do?”

“I grabbed my empty coffee cup and shoved it between my legs literally as the pee began to come out. I didn’t spill a drop. Anyway I managed to fill it up pretty fast, which is weird because I actually have kinda a small bladder. So I clench my stream off and put the cup back on my desk with the cap on, so nobody will smell my piss, and raced off to the bathroom to finish having a pee. You want to know the weirdest thing about my story?”

“What? Tell us!”

“When I got back, the coffee pot was gone. No idea who took it. If anybody drank from it by accident they didn’t say. Yeah, it was just weird. People don’t normally steal my coffee; it just happened to be on that particular day. Or maybe it disappeared of its own accord, who knows?”

“What about you?” one of the women turned to Thomas. “Do you have any guy stories about needing to pee?” A few girls giggled.

“Well, not myself in fact. But one time, I’m doing it with this blonde chick. I’m on top of her and she’s moaning like crazy. So we cum at the same time, and I just as I do, I feel this liquid spraying all over my dick and legs and chest and... everywhere.” Lots of the women were eying him up; Shweta kept an arm locked tightly around him to fend them off.

“Did she squirt? Isn’t that’s what squirting is? Just peeing?” asked a girl from the back.

“No, that’s not true. Squirt-juice is sticky, pee is just like, wet,” interrupted another woman.

“Nah, this way way too much for a squirt. She kept going on and on. It was nuts; we were both absolutely soaked to the bone, and the bed was almost ruined.”

“Go on...”

“Well, it turns out that she got off by holding her pee in, and she hadn’t gone for over twenty-four hours since beforehand. Want to guess how long she was pissing for when she came?”

Tanya smiled “I guess maybe two minutes? One minute and a half?”

“Nope.” Thomas grinned.

“Three minutes!” said the girl who’d had the experience with the policewoman.

“More.”

“Eight minutes?” said Katherine curiously.

“Ehh, too far. Four-minutes and forty-seven seconds to be precise. And it wasn’t like she was just dripping or squirting or anything like that; it was like full-on powerhose for the entire time.”

Some of the women started almost cheering; evidently them talking about their bladder trials and experiences. Shweta began to feel a bit nervous due to the size of her own bladder; her strong bladder and willpower was no match for the sheer size that some of these women were describing. And more and more, she began to feel another strange pull at her stomach. She finished off the delicious cheeseburger and let out a quiet burp, trying to allow the food to settle a bit. In truth, Shweta hoped the unusual cheese wouldn’t do too much damage to her stomach.

Normally, a bit of cheese would just cause her a couple of stomach cramps later that night, and a large amount of really strong cheese would cause her stomach bloating and diarrhoea. Very rarely, she’d ingest something was particularly disagreeable, and her bowels would release themselves violently for a short while before calming down. The fact that the cheese was having an effect so quickly after eating it was not giving her much confidence, but she hoped that it was just because she’d eaten it too fast, and that the strangle cramps and increasingly frequent gurgling noises would dissipate on their own.

Over time, more and more women came forward with the various different situations in which they’d all found themselves in. At various points, Shweta considered joining in and telling them about all the times she’d accidentally pissed her pants, or had been forced to use inadequate facilities. She recalled in her mind the time she’d wet herself at the cinema, or when she’d had a diarrhoea-related incident in the toilet at a roadside gas station, that had covered the walls and floor of the toilet with dark brown, syrupy shit. The more she thought about all the times she’d had diarrhoea in the past, the more her stomach gurgled, making strange rumbles and moans. She began to feel like she needed to use the toilet, but the other women (and Thomas) were so engrossed in telling their drunken stories that she didn’t want to leave.

Over time, her need got worse and worse however. It was no longer a gentle tug; it was a feeling that her guts were full of something that desperately needed to get out. She started to feel sick, worrying about if the cheese and alcohol was rapidly becoming a bad combination that would result in a humiliating accident at her friend’s birthday party. Every other moment she would tell herself ‘come on, just pluck up the courage and tell them you’re going to the bathroom’. But she couldn’t stop listening to all the assorted stories.

Then her guts gave a massive heave, and she knew right then that she had to go to the toilet, regardless of what these women were talking about or how interesting their stories were.

“Sorry... I kinda.... have to go take a pee... I’ll be back soon,” said Shweta, turning around before anyone could entice her back into the conversation.

“Do you want me to come with you?” asked Thomas.

“No, I’ll be fine.” She was just about to walk off when she heard “Wait!” coming from one of the other women.

“I’m coming with you. I haven’t pissed in ages,” said Lilly, hoping up and cradling her abdomen. A rather large bladder bulge was easily visible and distinctive against her short frame. ‘Damn it’ thought Shweta to herself. She couldn’t exactly turn down the birthday girl to come with her, especially if she was only ‘taking a pee’.

As they walked away, Lilly turned to her “I heard that you had a bit of an accident earlier?”

Shweta was shocked. “No, no, that’s not true; I mean... who told you?”

“Melissa. I guess she figured it was in your own best interest. I just want to say that if you have anything like that happen again, I make sure that you get home whenever is best, and that you’re welcome to stay here whilst you nurse the hangover you’re gonna have.”

“Thanks, Lilly... You’re the best.” Shweta felt a bit like crying. Clearly the alcohol she’d drunken with the cheeseburger was influencing her. She’d managed to throw off the worst of her drunkenness after her shower, but the alcohol she’d drunken afterwards was quickly putting her back in the silly state she’d been in when she peed all over herself and the chair.

They walked slowly into the house, but rather than taking the bathroom on the ground floor, Lilly directed her upwards to the first floor. As they were walking up the stairs, Shweta’s bowels gave another leap, and she clutched her stomach, grunting in pain. The need to shit was becoming extremely urgent; she considered telling Lilly there and then how close she was to an accident, but she once again she was a bit too nervous to admit it. Having to release a trickle of wee was one thing, having a massive diarrhoea explosion was quite another. The alcohol was getting more and more influential over her body, and she began to lose control of her senses again.

They finally got to an unassuming door that led onto another hallway.

“There, that’s the master bathroom,” said Lilly, pointing in the direction of the door at the far end. Shweta started hobbling towards it, but Lilly put a hand on her shoulder “Sorry, Shweta, do you mind if I go first? I really have been holding this for ages, and I’m pretty damn desperate.”

Whilst Shweta was becoming quickly bursting herself, she couldn’t deny that Lilly did look she really needed a gigantic piss. Her bladder bulge was massive, stretching her abdomen greatly. It occurred to Shweta that Lilly probably hadn’t taken a piss since before she even got in the pool, as she must’ve gone directly from the pool to setting the grill up and serving people burgers. She looked extremely desperate, way more visibly desperate than Shweta was, despite her bowel emergency. Shweta had no choice; she couldn’t risk letting Lilly piss her pants on her own birthday, especially if she didn’t know how long her diarrhoea might take. She could be in there for an hour, or less than five minutes; she really had no clue how bad here diarrhoea might be, only that it was coming out sooner rather than later, thanks the exotic cheese and all the alcohol she’d drunken.

Lilly hobbled into the bathroom and shut the door. To stabilise herself, Shweta pressed herself up against the wall next to the door, groaning in quiet desperation as she tried her hardest not to poop herself. The urge was getting worse and worse, she felt like she could shit herself at the slightest provocation. Her bowels felt like they would violently eject their contents at any time, like a giant tube of toothpaste waiting to be stamped on. Her stomach was in a state of constant flux, gurgling and making other noises that were both disgusting and ominous. It wouldn’t be long before the poop would come surging out; she could only hope it was in the toilet. That was her whole focus in her drunken state; get-to-the-toilet, or at the very least, don’t shit in her pants. In the quiet of the hall, she was incapable of thinking about anything else.

From within the bathroom, Shweta heard the sounds of liquid furious spraying into water. It was powerful; evidently Lilly was capable of a real power-piss, despite her short height. It just went on, and on, and on, with no sign of stopping. Shweta was becoming truly desperate. She feared for her shorts and her reputation; she’d narrowly avoided the destruction of both from her pissing catastrophe earlier, but if Lilly left the bathroom to see Shweta standing there with her thong full of shit, there would be no going back, although admittedly if there was anyone that Shweta could stand seeing her have an accident, it would be either Melissa or Lilly.

After what felt like an age, Lilly’s bladder ran dry. But there was no noise from the other side of the door, nothing except a delicate grunt and the muffled sound of somebody moving around on top of the toilet seat. Then Shweta’s guts surged again, and this time, she felt something go down, contained only by her anus. She clenched as hard as she could, and her eyes went wide. This was it, it was happening.

She pounded on the door as fast as she could.

“Lilly! Get... out now! I’m gonna have an accident!”

From the other side, she heard a “Oh shit, sorry Shweta! I’m taking a dump! I’ll be like five minutes, tops!” But Shweta didn’t have five minutes, or one minute, or even a second. At that very moment, her anus opened, and her bowels released. There was only one thing she could do to mitigate disaster.

There was a loud ripping noise as Shweta grabbed her denim shorts and thong and wrenched them to the side, the fabric ripping slightly in places due to the strength with which she pulled them out of the way of disaster. Not even a second later, her anus was forced open by an enormous shit, easily the length and size of a cucumber. It pushed her colossal asscheeks aside, narrowly avoiding soiling her thong and shorts, before rapidly ejecting onto the floor with a wet ‘flump’. She stood there for a second, holding her shorts and thong with one hand, the other holding onto her abdomen, and then the real nightmare began.

Soft-solid diarrhoea blasted out of from between her cheeks with tremendous fury. Due to the angle at which she was standing, rather than flowing out behind her, it was just projected directly downwards, splashing her feet and lower legs with a monsoon of poop. Behind the liquid was an eruption of heavy shit that splattered onto the floor in wet blasts of half-digested cheeseburger. More and more of it just came out of her, thick logs of oily poop being sharted onto the floor, splashing shit all over the place. Finally, her bowels gave an enormous heave, and a never-ending spray of mostly solid shit thundered onto the ground between her legs.

Shweta’s face was as pale as it could possibly go. She had failed. In her drunkenness, she had gone and taken a dump of apparently unrivalled proportions all over the floor outside Lilly’s bathroom. She could feel the liquid shit running down the inside of her crack, and looking down she could see the true extent of her torrential catastrophe. The entire floor around her legs had been flooded with dark brown diarrhoea, a pile of loose soft-solid shit directly underneath her ass, covering her initial titanic log. The pile stretched in almost every direction away from her, the splattering of soft poop having sent it in all directions it could possibly go.

“Shweta, the toilet’s free,” came Lilly’s voice as the toilet flushed. “Wow, you won’t believe how big the shit I just took was. It was- what the fuck!”

Then Shweta burst into tears, the alcohol affecting everything except her desire to cry. Lilly grabbed her and held her in her arms, cradling her.

“You didn’t tell me you had to poop!” Lilly said. Shweta just sobbed even more, the obscene smell of her accident getting to her. When Lilly started coughing uncontrollably, she felt like she was going to be sick from humiliation. She let her stretched, somewhat-ripped shorts snap back into place, not caring about the wet shit between her buttocks anymore.

“You need to go home as fast as possible. Come on, we’ll get in my car. Let’s just hope I don’t get pulled over for a breathalyzer.”

Shweta was too drunk and too upset to argue. Leaving her horrifying accident in the hall, Lilly locked the door to that room and pulled Shweta out of the house before anyone could see her. They were just about to get into Lilly’s car when Thomas appeared.

“Hey, you were ages! I thought you’d passed out or something. Did you get to the toilet then?”

Shweta was in no mood to answer.

“Uh, yeah, sorry Thomas, she needs to go home,” replied Lilly on her behalf.

“Wait. I’m not just gonna leave her; you might need a hand getting her in and out of the car.”

Lilly couldn’t argue with that, but she simply said “Okay, but you need to keep a secret.” Thomas nodded. “Shweta’s had a bit of an accident, and she’s got really bad diarrhoea,” Lilly whispered, massively understating the horror that Shweta had left upstairs.

Getting Shweta into the backseat of Lilly’s car, Thomas hopped in next to her with Lilly driving. In the dark comfort of the leather seat, Shweta suddenly realised how drunk and tired she really was. She began to sink into a slumber, an aching feeling around her abdomen the only noticeable thing she could feel as she drifted off into a deep, deep sleep.

When she awoke again, the car had stopped moving, and she rubbed a bit of sleep from her eyes.

“Come on, I’ll take up to your apartment,” came a male voice from the seat beside her, as she realised she was looking at Thomas. She got up, staggering out of the car with Thomas practically carrying her up the stairs to her place. She unlocked the door, and, clutching the wall, pulled herself over to the bedroom. There, she collapsed on the bed, in a state between sleep and awareness. Lilly and Thomas were looking over at her from inside the door.

“Okay, I think we’re gonna head off. I’ll see you soon, I guess,” said Thomas.

“Good night Shweta. If you need anything, call me. I’ll be at the party for the rest of the night. See you,” said Lilly gently, before they shut the door leaving Shweta lying on the bed in the gloom. She could go straight to sleep, but there was one thing bothering her...

With a hiss, her bladder released itself, re-wetting her once-wet shorts that had so narrowly avoiding total destruction. The urine pooled on the sheets in a wide ring around her, trickling over her tummy and between her buttocks, and some streaming down her legs. The hot burning sensation tickled her lower half, and the hissing increased in power as she subconsciously pushed all of her urine out. She could feel it spraying against the fabric of her denim shorts, and she felt nothing but total and complete relaxation.

After several minutes, her bladder tapered off, and snug in the sheets of her own bed, she drifted off into a wild dream, about policewomen and coffee-cups and sex with Thomas.

The next morning, the bell to her apartment rang, and Shweta answered it, holding a bag of ice against her head. It was Lilly, Thomas and Melissa.

“Whu-what’s going on?”

“We just wanted to check on how you’re doing,” said Melissa.

“I’m... I’m fine, except for this fucking awful hangover,” Shweta replied.

“Well, actually we also came to tell you that everything’s okay,” said Thomas. “Nobody noticed the mess you made on the chair outside the bathroom. I just told them it was spilt beer. I guess everyone was too drunk to notice the smell.”

“Yeah, and me and Melissa cleaned up your... other accident,” said Lilly. “Nobody found out.”

“You mean... that wasn’t just a bad dream?”

“No, I’m afraid not,” Melissa smiled. “But everything’s okay in the end. Just as long as you don’t eat any more of that cheese.”

“I’m sorry, I don’t really know what you’re talking about,” said Shweta honestly. She had only the faintest memory of something about burgers, or a pool, or something.

Lilly turned to Melissa and smiled, before turning back to Shweta. “Oh, never mind then. Anyway, I think Thomas has something to say to you.”

Thomas stepped up as the other two began to walk back to their car. He came close to her and said “So, uh, are we still up for a date?”

“Definitely,” Shweta said, embracing him. Despite both of her accidents at the party, she couldn’t deny that she had had one success. Hugging him tightly, she smiled to herself. Score!

