The Demon Lord has a Pee Fetish

Author: StrykerZ

*000*2018-02-15 07:20

PRELUDE

The man let's out a long sigh after hearing the request the supposed god has laid before him. "So let me get this straight Mr. God sir. I died pitifully, so you feltbad enough about it to let me be reborn in a new world, and if I defeat the Demon Lord and save this world I can go back to my own world?"

"That's exactly right, I'm so glad you listened closely. This world has been having a very peculiar problem the past 2 years since the demon lord took power." The self proclaimed god said, lifting his cup of tea to his mouth taking a long gulp.

"You think I'm the right guy for this job. The guy who died a pitiful death in his own world?"

"I do indeed. While I cannot directly interfere, I'm able to give you the power needed to destroy the Demon king when I reincarnate you, all you need to do is build up a strong party and the rest should be history!" The god exclaimed with delight. He had spent the last 2 years trying to find someone to fix this problem. After all, he was the one who sent this Demon lord to this world.

"Well I guess it beats staying dead, I'll do it." The man said, rubbing his temples with his fingertips as it that would make this situation make any more sense than it does.

"Fabulous! Aboslutely fabulous my dear boy. I expect great things from you my boy. This is your destiny." The god proclaimed with great delight. "Let's send you there right away, it shouldn't hurt at all. No promises tho."

"I don't believe in destiny, I'm just doing this to kill some time." The man said, brushing his hair behind his ears as he starts fading away. "Oh and one more thing, the names Noel." The man, seconds away from being reborn into a new world.

"Good luck Noel, you'll need it. After all, the demon lord has a pee fetish" the god says, just as the man disappears completely.

*Hello all, this is a story I'll be working on for a while. This is just a little prelude of what's the come, the full chapter 1 will be out in a day or 2. And don't worry, this story will contain lots of omo. Until next time*

*007*2018-02-19 03:55

{{On 2/16/2018 at 7:00 PM, Syborge said:

I don't really know how tags work on this website, but you spelled the "Adventure" tag wrong. Is it possible to go in and fix it?

}}

Well guess this story just has a unique tag. And thanks for the support everyone, chapter 1 will be out in a few hours.

*009*2019-06-01 20:39

*Wow, I must thank hav3aniceday for commenting on this and reminding me that this story actually existed. A little context for anyone wantsing to know I have pretty poor health in general and sometimes end up in the hospital for periods of time. Well when I first started this series over a year ago that was one of those times, and by the time I was out I had completely forgotten about hit story. After being reminded that it existed by seeing it near the top of page 1 I fished around my PCs files and found my mostly completed chapter 1. After re-acquainting myself with story I finished up the chapter, and I will be continuing it from here on. Expect a new chapter at least once a week, possibly more.*

"Wait, What the f-" Noel exclaims, about to start asking the proclaimed god some questions, before realizing that the god was nowhere to be seen. Carefully looking around, Noel was standing in a big empty plain with a big backpack resting beside him. Far into the left, Noel could make out what seemed to be a town about maybe an hour or so walk away. Heaving a long sigh to himself, I decided he should go through the backpack and then make his way on towards the town.

"The Demon Lord has a pee fetish, what the hell do you even mean by that you stupid god" Noel grumbles to himself as he sighs again and starts rifling through the bag. "Let's see now, we got a couple changes of clothes, some non-perishable food, basic cleaning and hygiene supplies, and other basic necessities as well as a large sack of what seemed to be gold coins, 100 in total. But now what is this?" Noel say as he pulls a large book out of the bag. "The Big Book of Valmos, everything you need to know about starting a new life in Valmos." Noel reads the title out loud to himself, opening it and reading a bit of the first page. "Valmos is a wonderful land straight out of fantasy.

Many different races inhabit the world and many can use various forms of magic and powers. The capital town of Lordlec is the biggest hub of the world and the best place for any new inhabitant of the world to get his bearings and start his new life. Alternatively, if you've been reincarnated into this world as a hero to save the world from some plight, please turn this book to page- Are you fucking kidding me with this" Noel says as he slams the book close. "Guess I'll have to read this later, now, now what else is in this bag?" Noel says as he reaches deep into the bag and pulls out a bag a diapers. "WAIT A MINUTE, WHY IS THERE DIAPERS!" Noel exclaims out loud rubbing his temples then putting everything, including the diapers back in the bag.

"The Demon lord has a pee fetish, huh...wonder if that is related to these diapers at all. Now that I think about it, didn't Scarlet once say something about a pee fetish? No, No use thinking about your sister Noel, she's been dead a long time. Though I guess I died too huh. Wait. I died and came here so would that mean....no, no use thinking about it. Just put it out of your brain." Shaking his head, Noel picked the bag up and slung it onto his back before starting on a trek towards the town of Lordlec.

After about an hour of walking, Noel finally arrived in the town. For being called the capital city of a fantasy world, Noel expected a big huge town with a large castle overlooking it and guards around every corner. But while it was a pretty big town, there was no castle and no guards aside from a few loitering around the gates to the town. There was of course lots of people though, and true enough to the book he could already spot a variety of races. There were normal humans, people who looked like humans but had things humans don't such as claws or tails fangs, Noel even thought that he saw and elf walking around. There were many shops around as well, there were tailors, inns, eateries, taverns and even stores just for selling diapers. Stopping to do a double take, Noel stops in front of one such store "Diaper Days, for all your diaper needs...what the hell, why would there be stores specifically for selling just diapers. What the hell is going on in this world?"

Just as Noel questions himself on that he can hear voices picking up from inside the store. "I know that I don't have enough money right now but my husband is a traveling merchant and he should be back home any day now, I'll even pay you extra when he does so please let me buy a pack with what I have now."

"No, means no mam. Now you can either get out of my store or I can call on the guards, your choice." Being curious about this Noel pushes open the door to the shop, only for it to make a large creaking noise attracting the attention of both the shopkeeper and the would-be customer. After a few seconds of them awkwardly staring at each other, Noel decided to interrupt. "Sooo, what seems to be the problem here?" Noel said, even though he had already heard from the voices before exactly what the problem is. "This little miss here is trying to buy diapers without enough money, that's the problem. She should be lucky that I have yet to call the guards on her." The shopkeeper said, giving the woman a stern look as if to say 'this is your last chance to get out of my store'.

"Well I have some diapers if you'd like if you'd be ok with that" Noel says, feeling bad for the lady but also seeing this as a good chance to ask a local about what exactly is going on in this world. "Would you really!? That would be very helpful and I promise I'll pay you back as soon as I can, would that be alright with you." The woman says enthusiastically basically running over to Noel. "No need to pay me back or anything, not like I have any use for them myself." Noel says, wondering if some kind of situation like this was the reason he even had diapers in the bag to begin with. "Well It's true that you almost never see any guys wearing them around, but I would be bad just taking them.

At least let me make you a good meal in return." The lady says looking over at Noel with worried eyes for a hopeful approval. "I actually have some questions I wanted to ask a local, so maybe we could talk and eat?" Noel asks quizzically, not sure if he should have accepted or not. "That sounds lovely, come with me back to my home if you don't mind. My husband shouldn't be home today so It'll be just the two of us if thats fine." The lady asks once again as she heads over towards the door, waiting for approval before she opens it. "Uuuh, sure. That's fine by me I guess." Noel say as he exits the door with the mysterious lady in hopes to learn more about this world he was thrown into.

