Finding a Bathroom

Author: herrokitty

*000*2017-02-26 18:47

Nicole and Melissa were roommates, friends, and college activists. Today, they were at the tail end of a protest around climate change. Neither were paying that much attention to the march at the moment, though.

Melissa turned to Nicole. "I really have to pee."

Nicole said, "Me too. We've been marching for hours. I don't know where we are in the city."

Melissa looked around, but they were now in a residential neighborhood - no public bathrooms. "Alright, keep a lookout - if we see a spot let's dip out."

They marched on for a few minutes, but Melissa stopped short and grabbed at her crotch. A couple protestors around them looked at her strangely, but they were busy marching and walked by. Nicole stopped and turned to her, concerned. "You okay?"

"I just... I just leaked a little."

Melissa pulled her hand out and looked down, but saw nothing on her dark blue jean shorts. Her red panties, on the other hand, definitely felt wet. Melissa said, "I think I'm good. We close to any bathroom?"

Nicole pulled out Google Maps. "It says there's a coffeeshop a couple blocks to the right - let's dip out now and check that out."

Melissa didn't need any more excuse to leave. Nicole, actually, felt like she had leaked too - her black underwear under her light blue jeans felt a little wet, but she wasn't going to admit that out loud. Just a couple of blocks! Making it harder, though, was a desperate, desperate need to poop. She hadn't gone in a couple days, and her butt cheeks were clearly clenched, clad in her jeans. She glanced at Melissa and thought she saw her clench and unclench her butt as well. Maybe she wasn't alone in her desperation.

They walked in silence, Melissa grabbing her crotch a couple times along the way. Nicole wanted to, but she wanted to keep some air of dignity to her. She did risk a couple of silent farts, hoping to relieve the pressure. Less than a block away, though, and a fart backfired; she felt the head of a turd rush out. She quickly clenched, but it was already out and definitely touching cotton. Her anus held it in place, but couldn't close in. Now she was walking while turtleheading! She felt her face go bright red, but she knew no one could see. If she could just make it to the bathroom a real disaster could be avoided.

They were then in the parking lot of the coffeeshop before disaster struck for Melissa. She put her hand in her crotch again, crossed her legs, and bent over. From behind, though, Nicole could see rivulets fall down her legs for a couple seconds. Additionally, she heard a wet-sounding fart and could have sworn the back of her shorts pushed out a little, but she couldn't see anything for certain. Melissa stood back up and turned to Nicole. "Oh my god, I just leaked hardcore and I'm totally about to shit myself."

Nicole looked down and saw a wet spot at Melissa's crotch about the size of an orange, from her crotch down to her short shorts' end at her upper thighs. She could also see a couple beads of urine glistening on her legs. "Let's walk in quick and head straight to wherever the bathrooms are before anyone notices. That'll dry in this sun in no time once we're back out."

They hurriedly walked in, Nicole letting a small leak out as she opened the door, but confident there wasn't visible damage on her jeans. They quickly saw the bathroom on the far end of the coffeeshop and walked up to it, but a barista stopped them. "Ladies, bathrooms are for customers only."

Melissa groaned, but Nicole knew there was no point to argue. She said, "Melissa, get to the bathroom, I'll buy a coffee."

Melissa nodded and got to the door. The door was locked, though! Someone was in there. She inwardly groaned again. She did not have time for this! She had already felt a nugget of poop nestled in her panties and her shorts were already soaked. Anything more and everyone would notice! Even as she thought this, a couple of spurts of piss came out, immediately drenching her shorts and running down her left leg.

Nicole stood in line, trying her best not to fidget and appear desperate. She was paranoid her poop could be smelled, but she didn't smell anything yet. As it became her turn to order, however, she felt her bowels start to move again. Clenching her butt could only provide some solace - her already open anus let a small chunk through before splitting it and closing off. She felt the small chunk pushing her panties out and just hoped her jeans didn't let that show. Focusing on that, however, led to her peeing for a couple of seconds. This definitely bypassed her black panties and created a spot on her jeans the size of a dollar.

The cashier got her attention. "Mam? MAM? What would you like to order?"

Trying to act normal, Nicole said, "Just a small coffee, please."

She paid with no more incidents, but didn't even wait for the coffee before heading to the line. She saw Melissa there, her shorts now visibly wet from behind. "What's wrong?"

"Someone's in there, it's locked..."

Nicole leaned against the wall, her butt facing it. She tried to act calm. Melissa, on the other hand, was not calm. She was openly holding herself (her hands wet with her own piss!) and crossing her legs, bouncing around. Melissa let out a few more spurts - she was losing count! - but panicked most at her poop slipping past her clenched cheeks. She felt a a small turd curl up in her panties, pushing them back, before a larger one pushed out. This one she held in place, but she could feel the damage. She didn't want to feel it, though, and confirm to Nicole what happened.

Nicole saw the bulge, though. It wasn't obvious and the skin-tight jean shorts tried to stay in place, but you could tell there was a golf-ball sized lump. She just hoped her poop wasn't as visible. She also spurted a couple more times, leading to piss in her inner thighs down a couple inches. Nothing noticeable when her legs were closed, fortunately.

The door finally opened and the occupant walked out, glancing curiously at Melissa's fidgeting. Nicole and Melissa both ran in and locked the door behind them.

The inside was a single toilet. They looked at each other. Melissa said, "Who should go first? I'm already messing myself."

Nicole replied, trying not to feel selfish, "Let me pee, it'll be quick, then you can poop as long as it takes."

Melissa wasn't happy with it, but it made sense. Nicole pulled down her damp jeans and panties in one swoop while sitting down, dropping the small turd in her panties into the bowl quickly so Melissa wouldn't notice. She peed for a minute, clenching her cheeks so she wouldn't poop, too. No way she could admit she had to poop just as bad! It just wasn't lady-like. The minute of peeing, however, was doom fore Melissa.

Melissa felt a small trickle start in sympathy with Nicole's peeing and couldn't stop it. It spread along her shorts, wetting her leg bands before trickling down her legs. It increased in momentum until it was gushing out of her. She just resigned to standing with her feet apart and seeing it fall out of her leg bands, trying to make sure it didn't run down into her shoes too much.

Nicole saw what was happening but couldn't do anything about it. They finished about the same time, with Nicole pulling up her pants and apologizing. Melissa didn't have time to reply, though, and fidgeted with her shorts' button while facing the toilet. She felt her poop start to move again but got her shorts down just as that happened. Her panties didn't come down, though, and Nicole saw her clementine-sized bulge grow until it was the size of an orange. Melissa quickly turned around and pulled her panties down and continued to poop into the toilet. It was Nicole's turn to be tortured by the sounds of relief, and her tired anus couldn't hold anything back.

As Melissa finished pooping and dumped her panties' contents into the toilet, a turd snaked out of Nicole's butt and pushed out her panties, a bulge growing in the back of her pants. Nicole could hear the crackling, but Melissa was distracted by her own mess. Nicole spoke up, trying not to sound like she was pushing shit out at the same time. "Hey, Melissa? Could we clean up when we get back? I really have to poop, too."

Melissa looked at her, shocked. "You want me to pull up my panties? In this condition?"

Nicole tried to make a joke. "There isn't enough toilet paper for you to clean that up."

Melissa laughed and said, "You're not wrong." She lifted her caked panties to her butt, grimacing as she pulled her shorts over that. They were soaked, but there wasn't much to soak and there was no sign of poop, aside for a slight aroma. She quickly wiped down her legs and said, "All yours" as she exited. Nicole by then had finished pooping and locked the door. She felt the back bulge and saw it clearly in the mirror, larger than an orange. She pulled down her jeans and panties for the second time and dumped it out. She, too, couldn't be bothered to start the work of cleaning, and just resigned herself to pulling her pants back up, flushing, and leaving the bathroom.

When she met up with Melissa, Melissa sternly said, "Let's never mention this to anyone."

Nicole forced a smile. "Well, it's not like I came out in the clear either."

"You just peed a little. We all do that sometimes. I shit myself."

Nicole lied through her teeth. "Yeah, that seems embarrassing. Let's find our way home ASAP and get out of these clothes."

"You're telling me. This is gonna chafe. I can feel chunks stuck to my ass."

Nicole pretended she wasn't feeling the same thing. "TMI..."

