Casual Margaret

Author: ed2

*000*2020-04-17 01:06

Introduction: Hi! This is sort of my first fiction I've ever written. Probably the longest text I've ever written that wasn't school related. I appologise in advance. English is like my third language, I'm not as fluent as I'd like to be, and even in my own language my story-telling skills suck. If you liked it, that is great. If you didn't like it, please write something that is good then, and share it with our whole community to enjoy!

Margaret's biggest in awhile:

Margaret stood at the check out line of the grocery store in her local shopping mall. To her fellow shoppers her pose might have come of as a causual feminine stand, there she was behind her almost full cart with her left foot on its toe and knee turned slightly inwards. The truth was, she wasn't concious about it, she just tried to gather her thoughts on what she had picked up and if she had forgotten something. Normally when Margaret went to the store, it was like top 5 things she had to pick up, but tonight was abit out of the ordinary.

About a week ago, she had gotten a WhatsApp-message from her old roommate from Universty, Christina, wich she actually hadn't met in person since, what had it been now, 10 months, when they graduated last June. They were besties and all that, but after finishing their degrees they had both gotten a job back in their respective home towns, wich was sadly in quite a distance from each other. Margaret majored in bio engeneering, her friend in cardiology.

After abit of texting last week, Christina had said that she had a whole weekend off this week, and as she worked as a hospital nurse that really didn't happen very often. Margaret had been quick to suggest that her friend come stay over at her place for the whole weekend. If Christina traveled up on Friday, Margaret could likely dish up a late night dinner for them. Saturday they could check out the nightlife in town, and Sunday they could just chill out at home before Christina had to travel back in the evening. Both had agreed that this was a fantastic idea, no one knew how long it would be till the next opportunity arose, it could be another 10 months, so they decided to just do it. This is why Margaret was standing at the check out line with an unusually loaded cart this particular Friday afternoon.

It was after work rush hour, and on a Friday, you can imagine the stores were quite crowded. The line felt like it had lasted forever. But finally! The person right infront of Margaret was now the one being serviced at the register, so she took a step forward, gently stroaked her wawy brown hair behind her ears and started loading her items on to the counter. Vegetables, taco shells, spices, extra toilet paper, meat, some toast bread, a couple of cases with beer and a box of red wine (hey, no one care how sophisticated it is, as long as it gives you a buzz, right). She had planned to "surprise" Christina with tacos, it's what they used to have every Friday for the 5 years they used to live together. By the time Margaret had unloaded her cart the guy in front of her had finished, so she stepped forward to the register, asked for 5 plastic bags, paid, then walked to the end of the counter and started loading the groceries into the bags.

While standing there, her right leg now sort of migrated to the same possition her left leg was in earlier. Foot on its toe and knee turned slightly inwards. Any boys who might have walked by could also have noticed that her big shapely buttocks seemed to be alittle tighter than normal, as if she were flexing them abit. The truth was, she really needed to use a restroom quite badly, and this was her body's practically subconcious way of relieving some pressure off of her pelvic muscles.

Margaret was of course aware of this need, but she paid very little attention to it, and at 8/10 it's not like it was an emergency yet. She straigtened her right foot and put it down on the floor so that she stood there with her legs sort of loosely crossed over her calfs while she finished packing up her things. Five bags ready, she had to reposition her fingers a few times to catch a good grip on it, it was heavy, but with about equal weight in both hands this should be fine, and she started walking out of the check out area, into the main alleyway of the shopping mall, and towards the front entrence.

Margaret was quite a sight on any day, with her volupteous curves, but walking down the mall this day with heavy bags in both her arms, and trying to keep her shoulders straight, it kind of accentuated her large breasts, that wabbled alittle bit with each step she took. She herself was not very confident with her body, all her friends were much slimmer, she thought she looked like a plump hippo, big boobs, a round buttom, and most of all she hated how her belly would sort of fold over the edge of her jeans/pants when she was sitting or bending. (Stupid girl, no one's stomack is flat when they are sitting down, she looked gorgeous).

As she passed the restrooms, she shook her head to one side in an attempt to get one stubborn wawy brown hair lock out of her face. Her lovely blue eyes shot a longing look over her shoulder at the lady's sign in the short moments after she passed her last opportunity to go before getting home. It was too much of a hassle to get in there with all these bags, so without hesitation she continued out to the parking lot, and found her car.

Under normal circumstances she might even have considered stopping by the toilets for a quick pee, but not with all the bags, and she actually needed to do alot more than a neat little pee. It was however her bladder that kept nagging her the most though. She hadn't peed since lunch break, wich wasn't uncommon for her, she never peed inbetween luch break and upon getting home, but this day the shopping had taken longer than anticipated, and she could now feel her bladder press in her lower stomach area. Of course the shopping could've been done any of the previous 5 days, but Margaret had it with procrastinating everything. In the middle of the parking lot she halted for half a minute or so, partially so she could put down her bags and stretch her fingers, but equally much so she could cross her legs and bend over a little bit.

It was quite bad, Margaret hadn't had to go this bad in several months. Her dark blue jeans were like painted on, skin tight, and kept pushing right around her waste line, and it didn't help that her intestines put pressure on her bladder from the inside either. Pooping was never something clockwork and regular for Margaret, she went number two maybe every other day or so, and it was usually one or two solid logs, but the consistency depended alot on what she had eaten. It was one of these big solid regular movements that was now filling her bowels, and making that extra pressure on her balloon of pee behind her uthrea. After renewing her grip of her shopping bags, she continued to her car. A few meters before she reached the old rusty Toyota that she called her car, she let rip this long muffled fart. She could feel the warmth linger in her bikini panties while it slowly seeped through the fabric. It lessened the pressure on her bladder ever so slightly.

"Fuck, I really don't wanna piss myself today!" Margaret thought as she reached her Toyota, and opened the back door in order to put in her groceries. Soon she would be in the privacy of her own car, that could only make it easier to hold herself. Even if she did loose a few spurts on the drive home, it wouldn't be a big deal, no one would see it, and it was far from the first time her driver's seat had been dampened by urine. She just didn't want it to happen today. Today was going to be a good day, Christina was coming. Besides, she had been doing so good lately, not even dribbled in her underwear in atleast 3 weeks, and she didn't want to break that possitive chain.

You see, Margaret kind of had a habbit of never going to the toilet untill it was absolutely necessary, not because she despiced using public facillities or something, but more because she couldn't be bothered, and always tended to overestimate how easy it would be to hold it and just go at a later stage. It wasn't rare for Margaret to first head to the toilet after she had felt a few dribbles in her panties, or after she had started turtleheading. This, understandably, lead to freqent minor mishaps, and atleast a handful of times a year it would result in a full on shoe soaking and/or panty filling accident.

This was not something Margaret was proud of, nor was she particularilly embarrassed about it either. It was just something that happens. Most of the friends she had had throughout the years had never teased her over it, some would be sympathetic, others would try as good as possible to act oblivious about the fact that their friend had just had an accident. Christina was one of the few that actually aknowledged it, she would kind of lightheartedly try to laugh and joke it off whenever it happened infront of her, and boy had it happened infront of her many times during the years they lived together.

About every time they were coming home from a party, or just a long school day or something, Margaret would sprint ahead as soon as their apartment block was in sight, and by the time Christina made it inside and was taking off her jacket and shoes, Margaret would sheepishly emerge from the bathroom and head to her bedroom with a wet patch the size of a dinner plate on her jeans or dress. Other times Christina would come in to a pungent smell in the hallway, and hear the shower running. But back to this day, all this was to say that Margaret was no stranger to having accidents. She just really really didn't want to start of this great weekend with a big cleanup, even though the urgency of her needs more and more started to make her realize that the inevitable was going to happen.

Margaret shut the trunk, and walked up to the driver's door, crossed her legs while she opened it, and then slowly lowered her thick beautiful rounded butt into the seat. "God, I'm fucking not gonna make, again! Damn!!" Margaret thought to herself as her butt hit the seat, and the waistband and top button of her slim fit jeans dug into her lower belly, and a sharp pain became apparrent at the top of her bladder. She cursed herself for not going before she left work, this pain was too much to endure for her. Margaret was somewhat of a crybaby, if she felt any sort of pain, she would instantly start to feel tears well up in her eyes, and something tighen in the back of her throat.

It was often at this stage she started leaking, partially because her muscles were too numb to hold back anymore, and partially she let it happen because it might relieve some of the pain. This was reaching that level of bad really fast. "I'm never gonna make this anyway, I might as well let out a good few spurts, this hurts, and I kinda already have to shower from this sweaty struggle of a drive home it's gonna be". The car could be cleaned. She knew from experience that if she scrubbed the seat with soapwater and let it air out, the smell of an accident would be mostly gone by 3-4 days. Actually, the center of the seat was a tiny bit discolored from all the times it had been wet, and on warm days a faint odor could almost always be smelled in this car, but not bad enough that anyone would notice unless they knew it was there. Not that it mattered, she commuted alone anyway.

The Toyota gave a roar as Margaret put it in gear, backed out of the parking spot, and turned out of the parking lot and on to the road. Sitting down driving, it was impossible to cross her legs, so she sat with her legs normally, but her left knee were bumping up and down at a rapid pace. Suddenly the knee stopped, her left hand shot to her croth and she sqeezed her thighs together. A few droplets left her labias and trickled down her perineum towards her asshole. Then a couple of more followed the same path. Margaret could feel a tiny bit of dampness on her index and middle finger. This was no use.

She put her hand back up at the steering wheel, and let her legs migrate out to a natural sitting possition. No debate was needed in her mind, a decission was made to try relieve some of this pressure. She let out one half second spurt. Then a 1 second spurt. Then another 1 second spurt. By now an area around her whole pussy and down to her asshole was covered in hot wetness. It hadn't helped anything to relieve the pain inside her though. If anything, this had only intensified the urgency. "Screw it!" Magaret said out loud to herself. She sighed heavily, and her shoulders dropped atleast a couple of centimeters when she completely relaxed her pelvic muscles.

An audible hiss could be heard as the stream grew to hit her clothes with full force. Now the wetness spread out over her whole buttocks, it went up inside her groins to completely circumference her hips. Then it proceeded to wet the insides and undersides of her thighs down to the knees, some pee started to pool up between her legs, and a little bit went up her buttcrack and wet the lowest of her back. "Aaah!" she sighed, "I fucking knew I wouldn't make it, I haven't pissed myself this bad since I passed out at Jordan's party, but heck what a relief". It felt like her whole lower half was wrapped up in a warm soggy towel. But her body wasn't finished yet. As the last drops of pee made their way out, she could feel a fart brewing. Without thinking properly, Margaret just let it rip like she would do anytime she was alone. In her euphoric relief she had halfway forgotten how badly she needed to go number two too. Two days worth pressing on her sphincter.

She could possibly have helt it in untill she came home, but when she let out this 3 second fart, it set the whole process in motion. The first half was like a normal rippling fart, "prrftprr". The second half of it was like when you can feel air going around a big turd inside you, and sort of seep out through a half open asshole, "ffffffff".

When the fart ended, her asshole never closed, the poop was right at the edge of her ring. Margaret tried to squeeze it back inside, but moving anything upwards seemed quite impossible, and squeezing only made something shift further up in the intestines, and it hurt alot. "I gotta pinch off a nugget". This was also not something too unfamiliar for Margaret. In fact, the last time this had happened was in January. Sometimes when she helt her poop for too long, it would start to turtlehead beyound the point where it could be pressed back in, typically this would happen on her drive home, and Margaret would often just let it slide out untill it stopped agaist the seat and pinch off the end of her poop in her underwear.

A golfball or two was usually enough to make her able to hold it till she could finish on the toilet, atleast if she wasn't wearing a belt, then a bit more might typically squeeze out as she fidgeted and struggled to undo her clothes. Margaret relaxed her sphincter. "A little shit won't make any difference, the seat is already drenched in piss". The head of an enormous poop started slowly sliding out, and this felt just like doing a normal poop on the toilet, untill it met resisistance, it coiled up alittle bit right around her asshole, and formed a mushroom head the size of a potato, before it stopped. This was abit more than she had anticipated, and the part that was stuck inside her ring right then was so hard that she didn't know if she could even pinch it off. Margaret squeezed with all her strength, in one big effort her face scrunched up and her knokles whitened around the steering wheel, but she was unable to clench it off.

When she relaxed again to draw her breath, the poop inched alittle bit further than before, as it filled out where the squeeze had flattened some poop and created alittle room. "Christ, it's a biggie". This was a very uncomfortable, sitting there with the log half in half out, something needed to be done. She started pushing, "mhmm". The poop extended slowly, and the warm ball around her asshole grew slightly, and it stopped again. With her butt sitting down, and her skintight jeans, the poop had no place to go. She kind of bit her lower lip, pressed her back against the back of her car seat, tried to hold her feet steady while still driving, and lifted her butt off the seat.

"Mmmhhrrrrmmh".

Her face grimaced up, her asshole stretched to its limit, and this hot sticky pancake spread out her buttocks. "Grrrrr". Her buttcrack was packed all the way up. There was still a pretty wide part going through her asshole. She panted alittle bit, and gave a final push. "MmGrrrhmmmgrrrr". The last bit of the poop was quite abit softer and warmer, it coiled up right around her assring, and to finish it off a 3 second spurt of piss shot out and splattered all over the already soaked seat. After a few heavy sighs and alittle breathing, she slowly lowered herself down into sitting again. The poop was so hard it hardly flattened at all. It felt like she were sitting on a melon.

The insides of Margaret's thighs already started to feel abit cool against her skin, as she pulled the Toyota into the main road and caught up with an SUV that were driving 10 km/h below the speed limit. "This ought to be one of the biggest craps I've ever taken on myself, glad I didn't wear a thong today, that would've been a mess", Margaret kind of nonchalantly thought to herself. She wasn't looking forward to the cleanup at all, and she never ever intended to have any accidents, but when they did happen it was never a big deal to her. She just saw it as another 15 minutes before she could start dinner.

"Everybody piss and shit, pretty much several times a day, sometimes alittle bit ends up up in our underwear, so what, humans make mistakes, it's life". Wich was true though, all of Margaret's friends had had atleast one accident that she knew about. Christina, whom Margaret had lived together with for 5 years, had atleast had 4 accidents that she know of. 3 times Chistina had wet her bed after a drunk party, and one time she had an upset stomach while out jogging, and did a messy load in her running tights.

But nothing came close the frequency she herself had full blown accidents though, wich had to be like every two three months or so. Margaret thought nothing more of it. It wasn't strange for her at all. "I guess some people piss themselves alittle more often, just like some people grow muscles faster than others, and some people even like pineapple on pizza, we're all genetically different". From her accident, her mind soon wandered off to the rediculously slow driver infront of her, and she wondered the hell this person had gotten his license. She turned on the blinker and drove passed this lame ass car.

Luckily, the rest of the 10 minute drive home went on without anything noteworthy. She pulled into the driveway of the old douplex suburbian house she could afford to buy half of when she moved back here. "Home, sweet home! Best place morgage can buy!". Margaret stopped under the roofed parking spot on her side of the house, eased herself out of the car, picked up her groceries from the back and waddled inside. By now the jeans were all cold and sticky. She left the shopping just inside the door to the kitchen, and hurried stiff legged to the bathroom.

The saturated denim clung to Margaret's shapely thighs, and left a glistening shine on her upper legs as the pants were pulled off on the bathroom floor, then she hung her jeans over the edge of the laundry hamper to dry, and she could put on a wash after she had prepared the dinner. Now she squatted above the toilet, pulled down her heavily loaded bikini panties just enough to flip it around and dump the load, then she stepped into the shower with her panties still around her thighs to start the procedure of cleaning herself up.

.......Thanks alot for reading!....

*005*2020-04-25 00:06

Cool! It is quite amazing that I've recieved so much possitive feedback! I didn't feel this story was finished, so I'm actually working on a next chapter.

*006*2020-05-09 03:07

Reunion:

Christina stepped out on the railway platform after a two hour train ride from her own city to go visit her friend for a long awaited weekend of just chilling out, catching up on each other's lifes, and maybe drink some alcohol. Yay!! She traveled rather light, only a small-ish backpack with two changes of clothes, a couple of extra pairs of panties, and some makeup. Currently dressed only in a light pink t-shirt under her thin black soft-shell jacket, and a black running tights on her lower half, the wind was actually making her abit cold as she walked the 10 minutes from the railway station up to her friend's house, so maybe she should've packed something thicker.

Christina had not been for a visit since Margaret moved back up here, but this "town" was so small that the city-girl Christina would sometimes call it a roadcross out in the farmlands to tease her friend, so it was quite easy for Margaret to explain where her new house were located relative to her old home and the trainstation. She was walking rather quick, Christina had a very fit body, tall and slim, almost a flat chest, but a musculous and firm bum and thighs. In highschool she used to be quite active in track running, and she still exercised regularily, so the roughly 2 kilometers to walk to Margaret's house was nothing for her. It didn't even bring out a sweat. As she reached what ought to be the right driveway, Christina walked up to the door, stopped to lift her sunglasses up from her nose and put them to rest ontop of her straight black hair that were made up in a tight sporty ponytail, before hitting the doorbell.

"Oh, you found the way", Margaret's voice greeted her as the door opened after only a couple of seconds. Christina run in past her friend, threw off her packpack, and jumped into Margaret's arms.

"Maggie mine, I've missed you sooo much!", Christina almost shouted as she squeezed her friend in a loving hug. She jumped alittle bit up and down joy, while still in a tightly locked hug, making them both fall over on the hall floor, and started to laugh hysterically.

"I'm so glad to see you too, Chrissy! It's been so lonely, with all work, and no one to vent out to at home! You're still my only true sissta, ya know" Margaret said kind of half serious while still laughing vigorously. By 'sissta' she of course meant soulmate and best friend, not that they were actually related or anything. They both stumbled back up on their feet, and Christina carefully put away her sunglasses that had fallen in the fall, before Margaret lead their way to the kitchen.

"Tacos is ready. Want to eat here or by the TV", Margaret asked as she opened the oven to check on the shells.

"TV, of course. It's the finale of Idol! But mind if I take a short pee first?"

"It's the door right behind you", Margaret replied to Christina, who were standing in the doorway to the kitchen.

It was a rather tiny compartment of a house, so Christina assumed the last door ought to be the bedroom. She entered the small bathroom, closed the door behind her, pulled down her black running tights just below her buttocks, swung her buttom down on the cold seat in the same motion, and let out a gushing piss. It lasted for about 15 seconds, then trickled on for another 10, before it finished with 3 little drops.

She had peed last thing before leaving home, so she was by no means desperate, but to be honest Christina did have a pretty small bladder. If she was drinking alcohol, it often felt like she she spent more time going to and sitting on the toilet than actually partying, but even sober Christina tended to pee every two hours or so. Very opposite of Margaret, Christina always went as soon as she felt an urge, because with her tiny bladder it could become uncomfortable pretty quickly. Her bowels was the same, it didn't have the biggest capasity either, and she usually pooped 3 times a day, moring, mid afternoon and night.

Today she had pooped during her last toilet break at work, so when she finished peeing, she just ripped off 1 slice of toilet paper and patted her labias dry. She pulled forward the front of her tights to look at her pink thong and menstrual pad in it. Christina had finished her period the day before, but she always wore a pad the next day just in case. The pad didn't have a singel drop of blood, but it had a decent yellow patch in the middle of it, from where she had cut it alittle too close around lunch today. Working as a nurse in busy hospital meant that it wasn't always as easy to take a detour to the restroom as she pleased, and she had probably had more emergecies and minor accidents in the last 10 months than in her whole life prior, though with her small bladder she had had quite a few before too.

At least once a week she would end up with an egg size wet spot in her panties, and twice she had messed herself on the bus ride home. This was actually alot more than Cristina liked to admit, but she had heard other nurses complain about small dribbles too, it is likely just something that comes with this line of profession. That's how easy she shrugged it off, as she ripped out her pad from her thong and threw it in the trashcan by the toilet. She stood up, pulled up her tights and started washing her hands. That's when she noticed the laundry hamper right beside the sink, with Margaret's thuroughly soaked jeans hanging over the edge. I see someone never grew out of their habit of not going when they need to, Christina thought as she smiled by herself. She checked out a pimple on her left cheek in the mirror, before shutting off the water, and stepping out of the bathroom.

When Christina came back out from the bathroom, Margaret had put all the ingredients for the tacos on the little table infront of the TV, she had lit two candles on the table, and a few tea lights on the counter under the TV and in the window frame. With dimmed lights, and their favourite talent show about to start on the TV. It created a very cozy atmosphere, almost romantic, you know all the little details only women care enough to bother about. When guys meet up, there is a pizza in a cardboard box. Margaret however, had put all the different ingredients of the tacos in separate bowls and plates, almost covering the tiny coffee table completely.

The two girls instantly started talking almost non-stop, it was alot to catch up on. They talked about how much they missed living with each other, about work, gossip about common friends and their latest dates, about one of the handsome singers on the TV, about how different make-up products could make your skin dry. The narrator honestly found most of this so brainless and boring that the details will be spared. Margaret put a handfull of beer cans out on the floor by the table too. Because the lack of space on the table, both girls made their taco shells, and sat back on the couch with the plates on their laps. They ate and ate, taking it slowly, as they had alot to talk about, sometimes commenting on the show they were watching, and occationally chugging down abit of beer, as the food were quite spicy, but they probably sat there eating and conversating for a good 2 hours.

Christina finished eating first, and went for a short pee again. As she was peeing, she could also feel her evening poop move down into her colon, but she didn't really want to do that right now, she could hold it intill bedtime. They were sort of in the middle of a conversation in the living room, it would be rude to take her time with a number two, and to be honest, Christina was actually abit shy about doing her stinky deed anywhere but at home. This is why she kept having close calls, and had actually had 2 accidents on her way home from work.

She stopped her poop before it really started pressing on her asshole, and in the process cut off the last few seconds of her pee. She wiped, pulled up her tights, and proceeded to wash her hands. Christina half laughed by herself and shook her head as she again noticed the pissy jeans hanging over the hamper. It started to give off abit of an acrid smell in the whole bathroom now, she was abit curious and actually debated whether to ask Margaret what had happened, but she didn't want to embarrass her friend by asking any questions.

Back in the living room Christina sat back on the couch, and they continued right where it had dropped off. Currently the topic was a shampoo that apparently made your hair soft as silk, but that you could only buy at spesific hair stylists, costing a small fortune of course, as all good products with the right name do. In other words, they talked about all the normal boring stuff that all single girls in their mid twenties are interested in. Not much later, Margaret had cleaned up from the dinner, made ready some wine and cheese for them to snack on, and put up a Netflix movie through the Chromecast.

They had both seen the movie before, so they could easily continue conversing while the movie ran, it was just nice to have something in the background to shift their focus to. It prevented awkward silence, wich both of them hated. The girls sat alot more relaxed now, Christina leaning on her armrest, and Margaret with one leg up under herself. Christina noticed Margaret shifted alittle around, she leaned her torso alittle backwards, gently opened the top button of her jeans with one hand, and gave out a sutile but audible sigh as she exhaled.

"Ate too much, huh?", Christina asked, and she rubbed her own still pretty flat belly as she continued: "I feel pretty full too!"

"More like drank too much beer, you of all know I love to wear jeans, but sometimes the top just keeps digging into my bladder!" Margaret said. "Appropos, be just back".

Christina saw Margaret get up even before she finished saying that, and jog off to the bathroom. She was gone for a while. After about 2 minutes Christina heard the toilet flush, and the sink start running. After that there was quite a long silence. Maybe a weak sound of rustling could be heard? Yeah! Sure enough, right before Margaret came back again, it was definitely the clear sound of the washing machine starting. When Margaret emerged, her cheeks actually abit blushed, and she looked quite embarrassed.

"God, I'm so sorry Chris, that you had to see that, I was going to put on the laundry before you came, but I must have forgotten" Margaret said, cheekbones beet red, as she walked back and sat down at the couch again. A single tear had actually formed in Margaret's left eye, it rolled a few centimeters down her cheek, before she quickly wiped it away with her right palm.

"Hey, don't sweat it Maggie, it happens to all of us" Christina answered in the most comforting voice she could manage. "You know I've done it, and I tell you what, when I saw those clothes the only thing I thought....... or... quite honestly.... I'm just relieved. Ever since I started working in the intensive care, I often end up leaking alittle piss in my thong, atleast like once a week". Christina could see Margaret's face cheer up alittle bit, she wasn't smiling or anything, but she didn't look like she was on the verge of crying anymore. Christina continued: "And so have a couple of my colleagues, whom I've deared mentioned this to".

"Yeah, I know accidents happens to everyone sometimes, but I still happens to me alot more often than it does to some others. The last time I fully pissed myself on my way home was only like a month ago.... And. Don't ever tell this to anyone, but I kind of did more in my jeans this afternoon". Margaret covered her face with both her hands in embarrassment as she said the last part, but she was very comfortable around her best friend, so she took her hands down again revieling an even redder face than before. "Alot more!".

"You've already seen me shit myself before", Christina said and laid a hand down on Margaret's knee. "Listen! How do you even know others aren't having accidents as often as you? Like, you and me have seen each other's accidents many times, because we've lived together for years, but it is hardly the thing you go out 'n tell people".

Margaret understood that reasoning, and her cheeks started to go back to a more normal colour as she answered: "You've got a point! Most of the times it happens to me too is in the car or on my way to the toilet, so rarely anyone knows about it". Margaret admited that. It wasn't like it was an extensive issue either, she wasn't incontinent or something, it was just very annoying for Margaret when she had accidents so often. "But I feel it does happen to me alot though, I am 26 freaking years, I got a fucking house and a job, but this is like the second time this year I have, well... Shit myself!... And if I think about it, I guess I probably piss myself more than once a month. Don't tell me that's common?".

"Well, I don't think there is an average number of times, it all depends on unfortunate circumstances", Christina answered about, as non-chalant as it is possible to be on this subject. "For example, I have gone a year without any incidents in the past, and another time I wet myself 5 times in 3 days".

"What?", Margaret's jaw dropped in amazement. She pecked Christina on her shoulder and said: "Then you ARE worse than me, girl.... Ya gotta tell me all'bout that".

"OK! OK! I'll tell you the story....", Christina scratched the tip of her nose, she took a rather deep breath, and started to very calmly elaborate. "You remember Brandon's spring break party 2 years ago, right? Half the people we knew at university got invited to that remote cabin deep in the forest, we were probably 10 or 12 people out there, just hangig at the campsite all weekend, barbequing, and getting hammered on booze, and weed, and what not... I think you slept on the couch, while me and a couple of others slept on the living room, as there were people sleeping everywhere.... The thing is, I pissed in my sleeping bag all three nights in a row. I don't think any of you noticed though, my strategy was just to pretend to be a long sleeper, waiting till everyone was awake and out in the sun, then just tuck away my bag.

One of those days however, I woke up wet, but before everyone was up and out of the room, I kinda couldn't hold it, and I wound up taking my morning piss in my sleeping bag too. But if all that wasn't enough, the wierdest thing that I've ever experienced happened to me on that Saturday. It was so wierd! Some of us were sitting around the bonfire smoking in the late evening dark. Suddenly I noticed that my lap and bum were all warm and soggy. I had obviosly thuroughly pissed my pants, but I never even realised when it happened. But luckily I managed to sneak of and get changed........ So, yeah!...... That is probably my grossest weekend ever, especially as I ran out out of clean clothes, so on the last day I had to re-wear my dried up leggings from earlier".

Margaret started giggling alittle bit, almost in disbelief, but also in a way relieved, her look as she giggled at her friend's embarrassment expressed nothing but understanding, all these years they had had these little issues in common.

"I'm so glad that I was wearing black, and that everyone else too was too wasted to notice", Christina continued, also giggling, "if words spread out amongst the boys, I might never have gotten laid again".

"So true! Some of the guys are even shocked that girls can fart", Margaret said and rolled her eyes. Both girls broke out laughing.

After all this, both the girls jawned, and just wanted to sleep. It had been a long day. Margaret helped Christina fold out the couch into a makeshift bed, and she found some sheets, a pillow and a duvet for Christina to sleep on. Then Margaret said her goodnights, gave Christina a final hug, and she disappeared into her own bedroom. Christina went to the hall where she had left her backpck, and picked up her toothbrush, toothpaste and phone charger from a side pocket. She put the phone charger in by the couch where she was going to sleep, before heading to the bathroom, and started brushing her teeth by the sink.

With her free left hand she tried to pull down her pants, it took some tugging at both sides, but when she had gotten her leggings down to about mid-thigh, she plumped her sporty butt down on the toilet. It took no effort, simply by relaxing the poop she had helt back earlier now slid out all by itself. "Plopp!". While still brushing her teeth, up and down, back and forth, and inbetween, she bent alittle forward. "Plopp!". She stopped brushing for a little while, just helt her toothbrush still in her mouth, and her face got a look of concentration. "Mmhhmmm... Plopp!... Ah!... tssssss!". After finishing her last piece of poop, Christina continued to polish her smile while she took a 15 seconds pee. She stood up, waddled to the sink to spit and wash her mouth with her panties and tights around her thighs. Then she turned around and wiped her ass while standing facing the toilet.

....... Thanks for reading!.....

*008*2020-05-10 18:59

{{4 hours ago, derektor_2000 said:

Part 2 came out nicely, fun and easy to read. I like the way Margaret is shaping up!!!

}}

Thanks! I feel I'm really bad at this with writing though. I have like an idea, but it never quite turn out as I wanted. Either the story stagnates, or I go too far into a digression. It's hard to like make time pass, or like, make progression and developement. What is it that you like about the way Margaret is shaping up? I tried to create a sort of conflict, where accidents are very embarrassing and tabu like IRL, but that it is no big deal if it happens occationally. Not sure how well I managed to portray it.

*011*2020-06-05 19:05

Damn, I'm writing so slow, but it's coming. I'm about halfway through a new chapter. It's a party, with several accidents.

*013*2020-06-05 21:46

Hey, @Maki

, is it possible for a moderator to edit my title? I spelled Casual wrong!

*015*2020-06-14 12:58

The unfortunate party!

Margaret woke up first on Saturday morning. The sun peaked through the edge of her bedroom blinders, as she got out of bed with the sleepiest face and her brown hair was messed up alot. She grinned her eyes when she tiptoed into the kitchen / livng room area to get a glass of water, while filling the glass she glanced over at Christina on the couch, wondering how her friend could still be sleeping in all this sunlight. Then Margaret headed to the bathroom to take a shower. She put on the shower, and while waiting for the water to get some temperature, she put down a towel on the toilet lid, and stripped off her white T-shirt and black bikini style panties that she had been wearing to sleep. Her naked body looked gorgeous, a big firm, round buttom, proportionately big and firm boobs, and a nice belly that was alittle bit round and soft in the middle. She stepped into the shower and started washing her beautiful body. First soaking everything in water, then started soaping in.

After thuroughly washing her hair, armpits and torso, Margaret paused for a bit. She was standing with the soap bottle in her left hand, legs about a shoulder width apart, and she looked down. It took a few seconds before it started, but then a thic, dark yellow stream emerged between her legs, it arched forward and twisted alittle before it blended with the water from the shower. It lasted a good 45 seconds untill her bladder was competely empty. Then she proceeded to thuroughly soap in her crotch, groins, asscrack and feet, before she rinsed off her entire body, then just stood under the shower head and enjoyed the warm water for the rest of her shower. Right when she thought it was time to get out, it was a knock on the door. "It's open", Margaret shouted just as she shut off the water. Then she tried to shake off some excess water off her hair, before stepping out of the shower.

"Sorry! Couldn't wait!", Christina muttered as she rushed into the bathroom. Her face looked just as sleepy as Margaret's had earlier, with her black hair hanging down, only one eye half open, and she too had been wearing only a (black) T-shirt and her panties to sleep. When she entered, Christina's right hand was clenching rather hard on her pussy, the middle- and index finger were sort of digging into her crotch, making the front of her pink thong look a big W. With her free left hand, Christina handed Margaret the towel that was laying ontop of the toilet, then quickly opened the lid, and sat down on the seat with panties still on, and her fingers still buried deep in her peehole. She reached behind her back and under her butt with her left hand, then flicked her thong to one side, and in the same milisecond let out a gushing piss. "Oh, God! Ahhh!", Christina sighed heavily, then tried to rub some sleep out of her eyes.

Margaret had quickly dried off the wettest parts of her body, and tied the towel around her torso, now she stood by the sink and applied some lotion cream to her face. "Sounds like someone is having the orgasm of their life", Margaret commented as she heard Christina's moaning on the toilet right behind her.

"Never had an orgasm that felt as good as the first pee in the morning", Christina joked back. She finished her pee, wiped, and joined Margaret at the sink to wash her face and brush her teeth. Christina asked if she too could take a shower, and Margaret showed her the cabinet with the towels.

Margaret threw on a T-shirt and a lousy pair of sweatpants, then went to make some breakfast and brows through her social medias. When Christina came out of the bathroom after her shower, Margaret was sitting on the couch with a plate and a glass of juice on the table, a slice of bread with jam in her left hand, and scrolling on her phone with her right hand. Christina made herself a slice of bread too, with ham and cheese, before sitting down on the other end of the couch.

"We talked about going out today", Margaret started to say with her mouth full of food, but paused for a bit untill she had swallowed, and continued: "I mentioned the bar, but it seems some people we know are going to a house party, so maybe that's a better option".

"OK?", Christina looked back questioningly.

"It's at Katie's house. Don't think you know her... But Stephanie and Abigail is going, them you know, possably Maria and Todd, and Mark is in our goup too, but not sure if he is home or at work down in the South". Margaret elaborated: "Katie is a friend of mine from elementary throughout highschool, but she never went to University like me, Abby, Steph and Maria. Katie stayed locally, so to speak, married Roger and works at the supermarket. We have a Snapchat-group with all those friends from highschool that are still living in the area, it is there she has sent out a general invitation. Says Roger is firing up the grill for everyone who wanna join us".

Both girls agreed that this was a great plan, as these people Margaret mentioned were also close friends of Christina, from University. It was still early in the day yet, so they just decided to chill on the couch, watch TV and talk for the time being. An hour or so after they finished their breakfast, Christina went for a pee, and also did her morning poop at the same time. The girls then managed to pass time on the couch, phone in hand, and talking about this and that, untill it was almost 16:00.

The invitation had said that the grill was warm and anyone welcome from 18:00. It was time to start preparations for the night. Margaret took out her makeup kits and hair products, and both girls started to fresh themselves up. Conversation still flowed, and smart tips and experiences were exchanged as they did their makeup side by side, occationally helping each other out with the hair and stuff. Probably well over an hour later, the girls were mostly done and started to pick out their outfits.

Christina had brought a pair of skintight white jeans that really showed off her long, skinny but musculous legs and butt. Along with it she had a black belt with a rather big golden buckle, and on her torso she put on a black top that was no longer than a sports bra, leaving a good portion of her belly bare, showing off her navel piercing. White thong. No bra needed, as the top also served as that, and her cheast was pretty much as flat as it could be on a woman. Margaret chose something alot more traditional, as she always did. Her 'chubbier' built body was not something she was too confident about. She put on red bikini panties and bra, a pair of dark blue jeans, and a dark orange collage sort of sweater with a broad white stripe around the middle. Before they were ready to leave, both girls took a short pee. Then they headed out to the closest bus stop.

When they arrived at Katie and Roger's house five minutes to six, they saw that quite a few people were already there. It was a normal sized house, 2 floors, and fairly big garden. At the side of the house, there was a rather nice terrace with a grill and sitting space, then there was two steps to the ground, where there were two more tables on the grass. Margaret and Christina saw the people in the garden, and cut across the lawn instead of going to the front door. Katie, a black haired, rather short, normal built girl with a black T-shirt and some really short jean cutoffs, stood up and came to meet them. She greeted Margaret, and introduced herself to Christina. Margaret headed on inside to put the drinks she had brought in the fridge, leaving Katie to take Christina for a round of introducing her to all the other guests.

On the table closest to them sat a bunch of local guys and girls that Christina didn't know, but they were friends of her friends, so she had heard many of the names before. Many of them had heard all about her too, judging by all the replies she got during the introductions. Bill, Steven, Linda, Ellanor and Joe. All seemed like really good, down to earth, country-side people, that can make you be really at ease in almost any setting. It felt more like meeting up with old aquaintances than actually introducing herself to strangers, so Christina had no doubts that this could be a nice night.

On the table next to that Maria and Todd were seated, and Margaret who had just came out from the house again. Them Christina knew very well. Maria had been in their common circle of friends at University, and Todd was her long term boyfriend who had spent almost every weekend partying with them in University. Both Katie and Christina sat down on this table, leaving the people sitting on the terrace unintroduced to Christina, but Katie pointed out who of them was her husband Roger, and explained that the older couple sitting there was their next door neighbours.

Soon after Christina and Margaret sat down at the table with Maria, Todd and Katie, two more of their friends from University arrived too. Stephanie and Abigail. Stephanie sat down by them all, while Abigail just waved at them and said: "I gotta go take a piss first, before we eat". Then she further informed them that: "Steph here refused to stop the car so I could piss on the side of the road, like who cares". Abigail was the most outgoing and free speaking of them all, even more so than both Christina and Margaret, even though they were quite free speaking too. She would curse, swear, talk completely without inhibitions, she would announce whenever she needed to fart in public, and sometimes she just pulled down her pants and peed openly on the side of the road.

All of this to her friends' annoyance, especially Stephanie, her closest friend, but also the most reserved in the gang. Abigail was a true Hippie, and she looked like one too. She had light red hair that ended about mid neck, she was rather pale and skinny, her buttocks was abit saggy, her boobs were small but pointy, and often poked through her shirt. Today she was wearing a green and white striped shirt, and a jean overall. Underneath that she was wearing black granny panties, and a tight pantyhose to make her butt look firmer. Her friends used to tease her that she had never owned a bra, nor a razor.

"Hey, I'll join you, and you can show me where the restroom is", Christina said as she jumped up and followed Abigail inside. From the terrace they entered a rather large living room, and straight across there into a hallway with several doors and a stairs. Abigail reached for the restroom door, but before she entered she informed Christina that there was another bathroom upstairs, first door on the left.

"Thanks, Abby! You know my drinking bladder", Christina said, and decided to follow up on that. She was by no means desperate now, but knowing where the second toilet was would definitely come in handy later in the night, because whenever Christina was drinking she always had to pee rediculously often. When she walked up the stairs, Christina reminded herself that she HAD to go at first sign tonight, no matter what, as she absolutely could not live it down if she peed herself at the house of a friend's friend. She had done that in high school once, and really embarrassed both the people she knew and didn't knew. Luckily, most of her social circle changed when she got into University.

The bathroom upstairs was a rather big one, with a toilet, a bathtub and a stand alone shower. Christina entered, and stood there checking her makeup in the mirror for quite a while, before she calmly opened her belt and white jeans, and sat down on the toilet. She peed for about 20 seconds, then just sat there trying to push. It was alittle early for her evening bowel movement, but she wanted to do it now before they started drinking, as she hated to poop when she was drunk. Too often alcohol would make her poop wet and messy, and when you are tipsy it is hard to wipe properly. After sitting down for several minutes, Christina managed to push out two small poops. She wiped, buckled up her jeans, and proceeded to wash her hands.

When Christina came back out everyone had started preparing their food, some were grilling, others were mixing a salad, and some were just mingling, drinking and talking. Christina joined in like they were all a big family. She opened a beer can, and sat down with her friends. Katie gave her a plate, Maria came back from the grill with stakes, and Margaret had made a bowl of salad. The conversation, laughter and gossip flowed freely around the table, as they enjoyed a good meal and drinks together. Christina just couldn't help herself from asking if the guy who presented himself as Joe was the same guy Margaret had told her about before, whom she had been dating in high school. Margaret nodded: "Yeah! He is from a farm right up here. Looks like one of them though, macho redneck guys, doesn't he? But he is really sweet and mellow on the bottom!".

"Well, I guess! Huh?", Christina said, giving Margaret a suspicious look.

"Nah, we parted as friends when I went to University.... By the way, I heard he's together with Ruth now", Margaret said, trying to give off the impression that she didn't still have feelings for him, wich wasn't entirely true.

"Together is a strong word, Ruth is with a different guy each weekend", Stephanie intervened.

"Haha, Ruth has probably had more guys than all of us combined, I sort of envy her for that", Abigail said with a big grin on her face, just to mock her friend's conservative attitude. She herself identified as pansexual, and had likely had just as many partners. "Can someone pass me the ketchup", Abigail continued, just to change the subject, and as she lifted her buttcheek alittle bit and let out a big fart: "Pprrrffftt!.... Sorry, guys, abit gassy!". This was so typical of Abigail, so the other girls just shook their heads and giggled, and Christina passed her the ketchup flask.

###

Katie felt alittle chill go up her upper arms, a cold breeze was in the air, and the sun had set a while ago. Everyone had finished eating, and were now just mingling and drinking by their tables. Roger had put on some music. It started to get pretty cold for Katie, who was only wearing short jean cutoffs and a black T-shirt. She shivered alittle, and rubbed her palms up and down her thighs a few times, before taking up her phone to check the time and if there were any updates on social media. She crossed her legs under the table, and continued to stroak her free hand up and down her thigh, as she opened up Facebook. Not only was she pretty cold, she actually had to pee quite bad too. She only became aware of it now, but thinking about it, she hadn't been to the bathroom since before the first guests arrived, and she had chugged down several beers.

She crossed her thighs alittle tighter, adjusted her sitting, and opened up Instagram. Nothing new there either. Then Snapchat, a couple of videos from other people partying, and a picture of her sisters baby in the sandbox. She jawned briefly, and put down her phone. Looking up, she saw that everyone seemed to be enjoing themselves. It made her kind of happy that she and Roger had decided to put this together for all of them, as the local pub was usually really dull, and almost never did all these friends meet up at once. Right then Margaret's friend, Christina, just came out the terrace door.

Katie had seen Christina go in a couple of times during the dinner too, so she assumed she either had a small drinking bladder, or she was nerveous about being at a new place with many new people. But even Christina seemed to be having a good time with her friends, she thought, wich made her feel this was a thing she and Roger had to repeat. Again Katie felt a twinge in her bladder, so much that one of her hands moved automatically towards her crotch, but she managed to stop herself. Better head to the toilet, she thought. She told the person beside her that she would be right back, and then she walked calmly inside.

The restroom downstairs was a rather small one, just enough space to fit a toilet and a sink. Katie entered, and just as she closed the door she started stepping from foot to foot, like she was walking some invisible stair. She continued this awkward fidgety steps while she struggled to undo the 5 buttons of the fly. Finally. She hiked down her jean shorts, and managed to swing her butt into a hight squat above the toilet, before a stream shot out like a garden hose. The stream arched alittle backwards and scattered a few dropplets on the toilet seat. Katie smoothly lowered herself into sitting down, while she was still pissing full force.

"Aaaahhh..... Ooooh...", she moaned out loudly. Her eyes rolled backward. This relief was actually, 100% honest, better than the morning sex she had with Roger today. The euphoric relief of emptying her bladder lasted over one and a half minute, before it died down. She lifted her butt of the seat, shook it slightly, and pulled up her panties and shorts in one motion without wiping. She never used to wipe, just dripdry. When she was about to button up her jean shorts, her body frooze a moment, as a two second warm spurt came out of her uthrea. It saturated her panties, and she looked down to see that it had made an egg sized dark spot on her shorts too.

"Like, what the heck?", Katie said out to herself. It was like her body was too desperate and tensed up to fully empty, and only after she thought she was finished had her body relaxed enough to let out the last spurt. Strange. This had never happened to her before. Katie usually had a bladder of steel. No matter how desperate she got, she could still hold on for ages, without any problem. Not like most of her friends, whom she knew had occational accidents. Hell, even Roger had them, but she herself couldn't remember peeing herself no more than once or twice in adulthood.

At least while awake. She did sometimes wet her bed at times when she was particularily stressed out or anxious about something, but that was completely different. That is what made this even wierder to her. It was totally out of the blue. Well, best not to dwell too much on it. It happened. Katie skipped fastening her shorts, just went straight to wiping off the toilet seat, closed the lid and washed her hands. Then when she was ready, she poked her head out of the restroom door, and looked around. She confirmed that everyone was still outside, and decided to discretely head upstairs to change.

In her bedroom, Katie removed her wet clothing. She folded the shorts with the wetter panties still inside it, and she hid them in the back of the closet, where they were safe till she could wash them tomorrow. As sweet as Roger was, and knowing he was hardly a person to judge anyone, she knew that he would only be sympathic if he found out that his girlfriend had peed herself. But Katie just didn't want him to know. It was something about feeling confident with herself, therefore she hid all the evidence behind some other clothes in the closet. Then she picked out some new clothes for her bottom half. She jawned and scratched her naked groin while she looked into her bedroom closet, then picked up two items. A sexy g-string for Roger to discover later. Hopefully he would be in mood for another round before bed tonight. As outer clothing, she picked a pair of brown sweatpants. She tied the knot on her pants, and left the bedroom.

When Katie stepped back out on the terrace, she turned the volume on the speakers to almost zero, and spoke up so that everone could hear her: "Hey, folks! It's getting pretty cold out here, I say we move the party inside". She unplugged the speaker to take it into the living room, everyone started to gather up their drinks and stuff, and followed suit. Moving the party inside was something Katie had planned to do even before going to pee, she was freezing her ears off, and she definitely didn't wan't Roger to freeze his dick off, but now it also had the wanted side effect of giving her a perfect smokescreen for changing into long legged sweatpants.

###

Abigail sat on the couch in the living room, trying to engage as normal as she could in the converation that was flowing around the table. The music was blasting, a few were actually trying to dance in the middle of the living room. Some of the quieter partyers, the older neighbour couple, and Todd, who had offered to be the designated driver were sitting at the dining table. The rest of them were scattered around, in, on top of, or on the floor around the couch area.

The converations were loud, some were screaming, shouting, laughing, and a few were actually trying to sing along with the music. On top of all that, Steven was sitting on the armwrest on the opposite end of the couch playing some riffs on an accustic guitar. It was ringing in Abigail's ears, and she zoned out for a bit. She had been drinking really heavily since the dinner, plus the couple of drinks her and Stephanie had had even before they got there. The alcohol was really starting to set in, and her head had become quite heavy, often tilting abit to one side. Another heavy feeling was present further down, in her guts.

Abigail hadn't taken her daily poop yet today, and the big meal earlier had made her quite backed up. The need was growing more urgent, but in her drunken state she had a too good of a time to care about such. Atleast for now. She zoned back in again as Christina, who was sitting right next to her, excused herself to go pee for probably the fifth time in the last hour. Abigail just turned to the other side to join another conversation. Her own speach had started to become quite sloppy by now, as she had went way past the line of being just tipsy, and well into the stage of being properly drunk.

The person she turned too didn't seem too interested in talking to her. They seemed engaged in some kind of discussion, that Abigail was alittle too drunk to pick up what was, but she didn't care either. She just sat back and rocked her head to the beats of the music. Not long after, she bonskied her beer bottle, and it made her wonder if she should go get another one, or if she should take a detour to the toilet first. That decission was made alot easier, because she got a big cramp that made her bend alittle forward and clench her butt. She had to go to the toilet now, or things could get messy, so she drunkenly stumbled on her feet.

In the hall, Abigail reached the door to the restroom, but it was occupied. She leaned against the wall beside the door as she waited. It didn't take very long before another cramp hit her. Abigail leaned her back against the wall, she closed her eyes, flexed her buttocks, and pressed one of her hands into her buttcrack as to try hold back this stomach cramp back. "God, please no, not now, not here", she though inside her head. Everyone knew that Abigail was one of the most open people in this whole town. In middle-school already had she told the whole community that she was bi-sexual. But there was one thing no one knew about Abigail. It's that she sometimes pooped in her pants. Last year she shit herself 3 times, and she was 25. It was NOT done on purpose, like a sick fetish or something, that would actually kind of be alot easier for Abigail to talk talk freely about. It was exactly the fact that this wasn't something she could control that made it abit embarrassing.

She had no problem announcing her need to go to the toilet, she had no problem doing her business openly in public, she could even go in a cup (during car rides) or something if she had to. It was just that the urge had a tendency to come on so abruptly, and so strong, that she didn't always have time to find a place to pull down her pants. She dreaded the huge embarrassment it would be to tell all your friends that you had to leave the party because you shit yourself.

Everyone who have partied for real have taken a piss in their pants at one time or another, but messing yourself was at a whole different level. She cinserly thought that today was the day it was going to happen, right at this moment, but faith wanted it otherwise. The wave in her bowels slowly subsided, and Abigail breathed out relieved. It was first then she thought about the bathroom upstairs, in her drunkenness she had forgotten that option, so to avoid the thing that would most definitely happen if she didn't do anything, she decided to go for that, and started climbing the stairs, praying she would make it.

Abigail reached the top of the stairs with no problem. It was probably three meters from the top of the stairs to the bathroom door, she sprinted that distance while three juicy farts rippled out in rapid succession, leaving her asshole feeling kind of warm inside her black granny panties. She made it safely inside the bathroom, closed the door, turned her butt towards the toilet, and started the process of taking off her jean overalls. It didn't take long though, because before she could do anything, the inevitable happen. While fumbling with the clasp near her left breast, she could feel another fart come and press itself out against her will. Except this wasn't a fart. Instead of her asshole just shifting alittle bit to let out some air, it just continued to open up further and further, untill a huge, soft, but still solid ball of poop pressed out of her.

She couldn't have stopped this next thing even if she had tried really hard to, as right after the ball came out and settled in the seat of her full cut pantries, a wave of much softer mash followed. It filled out an area around the slightly firmer ball, and it felt alot warmer against her skin. Some of it spread out on her buttocks, into her crotch, and alittle bit ecaped the legbands of her panties and went a couple of centimeters down both her thighs. In the middle of all this, she had lost control of her bladder for four or five seconds too, making this a complete messy disaster.

Abigail finally managed to unfasten both the suspenders of the overalls, and pulled it down to her knees. She squatted down over the toilet and gently pulled down her pantyhose, then her heavily filled panties. Some of the poop splashed into the water, but because of how soft the load had beed, and because of Abigail's substancial bush of pubic hear, alot of poop was still caked to her skin. She sat down on the toilet, and inspected the damage to her garments, while proceeding to let out the rest of her pee. In her panties there was still a huge sticky mass. Her pantyhose also had a fair amount of poop in them, and a wet area covering most of the upper thighs. The jean overalls seemed mostly clean though, except a tennis ball sized dark patch in the crotch.

The knot in Abigail's throat tightened, some tears started welling up in her eyes, and she hung her head down, as she began softly crying. Her red hair fell forward, covering her face, and cold salty tears rolled down her cheeks and along the ridge of her nose. She sniffed a few times. The thing she feard so much had happened now. She had shit herself at a party, and now all of her friends were going to know about it. Usually Abigail wanted people to see her as crazy, wierd and unique, but it was always for things she was in control of.

It was the first accident this year though, she hadn't had any close calls in a long time, but in return she had now taken one of the messiest poops she had ever taken in her pants. Most of her poops was more solid, and didn't smell too strong, so the few times she had soiled herself infront of anyone, she had always managed to get away with it by making jokes of how bad her farts stunk. Now, if people saw that she sat here with here with pants full of wet shit, they would definitely know that she had lost control of herself. No explaining her way out of this one. But it is strange how incidents like this can sort of make you sober up abit.

After wiping away all the tears from her face, and looked down on herself one more time, she decided to see what she could do about it. While still sitting down on the toilet, she removed the jean overalls, and threw it on the floor. Then she carefully removed the pantyhose and the panties the same way, trying not to make an even bigger mess than necessary, she packed the ruined clothes into the trashcan beside the toilet, as they were unsaveable, and made sure to hide it by putting down a layer of toilet paper ontop.

Trying to clean her own butt and legs with only toilet paper was going to be to absolutely no use at all, so she decided to borrow Katie's shower without asking anyone. She jumped in the shower, and rinsed herself as clean as anyone can do when they are that drunk. A handcloth was all she could find to dry herself off with. After using alittle toilet paper on the crotch, the jean overalls was ready to be put back on again. It wasn't that bad. If someone noticed it, they might just assume she had lost alittle spurt while she waited in line for the restroom. Everyone did that occationally. She decided to just join the party again, and pretend like nothing happened.

###

Margaret sat in the couch, flirting alittle with one of the boys, when Todd said out loud that him and Maria were heading home really soon, and those who had talked about riding with them had to get ready. Christina wrapped up her conversation with the guy, and found Christina, Abigail and Stephanie in conversation in the kitchen. Margaret informed Christina that their lift was leaving now, and said they better get ready, unless they wanted to walk back home. Abigail and Stephanie had changed their minds, they wanted to go to an afterparty at one of the boys' place. Christina said she was ready, she just grabbed her purse, and went for a last pee before leaving. Seeing Christina go to the restroom, made Margaret think about her own bladder. It was pretty full, and starting to throb against the waistband under her small pot belly.

She had been too preoccupied with having a good time, that she had totally neglected her bodily needs, and when she now thought about it, she realised that she actually had to go real bad. Thinking about it, she had only peed once since they got there, and that was early on. She thought about taking the oportunity to pee after Christina was done, but right as Christina came out of the restroom, Todd asked if they were ready, so Margaret decided that it would likely be more convenient to hold it untill they got home. She didn't want to keep everyone up, besides, it was a rather short drive back anyway, she could easily hold it. The 4 of them got into the car, Todd driving, Maria in the passanger seat, Margaret and Christina in the back. Todd fired up the engine, and backed out of the driveway.

All of them was going in the same direction, Margaret's house was located not too far from Maria and Todd's house, so it wasn't much of a detour for Todd to drive them home. Maybe good, as Maria didn't seem very well, she had gotten alittle too much at the party, and was about to pass out in the passanger seat. It was a 10 minute drive, but almost not a word was spoken. Todd, after one failed attempt, just accepted that everyone were probably worn out from the party and in no mood for small talk.

That was definitely the case with Christina, who was really tired after a long week of work, and now a nice reunion party with her friends. She didn't have the stamina for partying she used to have, as her life lately consisted mostly of working long shifts at the hospital. For Margaret though, the reason for not initiating any conversation was quite different. After having realised the signals from her bladder, she just couldn't 'unrealise' it again. It was getting so urgent and painful that Margaret wasn't sure if she was going to make it.

She had to focus all of her willpower at clenching her sphincter muscles to hold it, while trying not to hold herself or be too obvious about fidgeting. Pretending to fumble through something her purse made a good cover for squirming and shifting alittle in her seat. She found out that sitting with her thighs tightly pressed together, and straightening her back, was the possition that put the least stress on her ballooning bladder. At one time she thought she was going to flood her tight dark blue jeans then and there, but holding her breath, biting her underlip and rocked her hips alittle back and forth, made her able to ride out the wave.

Well, alittle bit might have escaped, because when Todd pulled the car into Margaret's driveway, there was already a small coin sized wet spot on the crotch of her jeans. With the words: "Sorry, gotta piss!", Margaret jumped out of the car, slammed the door, and disappeared inside, almost before the two other sleepy girls had even realised that the car had stopped. Christina, on the other hand, took her time. She thanked Todd for giving them the lift back, they briefly exchanged a few words about how nice it had been to gather everyone again, and Christina reminded they would always have a standing invitation at her apartment in the city.

By the time Margaret had sprinted from the car, across the gravel, and to her front door, the wet spot on the front of her jeans had grown from the size of a coin to the size of a palm. She had had the key ready in her hand since atleast halfway in the drive, but before she had put it in the keyhole and turned it, another bigger spurt managed to shoot passt her clenched muscles, making the wet patch the size of a dinner plate, with two narrow streaks running down her inner thighs. Margaret threw the door open, and ran in. It was about four steps across the hall to the bathroom. With each step, alittle bit of pee leaked out and seeped down her legs. She almost dove into the bathroom, swung around, closed the door, and squated down in one continuous motion. In a low squat on her own bathroom floor, Margaret had no willpower left in her body.

Along with a huge sigh, her body completely relaxed all the tensed up muscles, and a tear of joy and relief rolled down her left cheek. A warm soggy feeling instantly spread out and covered Margaret's entire curveous bum. Streams and drops splattered and splashed all over her calfs, socks, shoes, it started pooling up on the floor under her. It made a sound like when it is raining on a tent. Smaller pools around her feet gathered into one puddle, and grew and grew until it was atleast a meter around her in every direction. She lost track of time, but it had to be atleast two full minutes before the stream subided, and started to slowly die down. After it had all finished, Margaret was still staring sheepishly into empty air, and she gave yet another sigh.

When Christina walked up to the house, she saw that Margaret in her hurry had left the front door wide open. She stepped inside, and locked the door. Christina took off her shoes, and went straight to the living room, where she crashed on the couch that was made up as a guest bed. Not even bothering to remove her clothes, she just turned over on her side, pulled the duvet over herself, and fell asleep within a minute.

###

At some stage, maybe a few hours later, when Christina was in her deepest phase of sleep. She was laying on her side, in a sort of recoery possition, her face scrunched up against the pillow, and the duvet was mostly stuffed between her legs, leaving her clothed body uncovered. Christina was in a deep dreamless sleep, so her mind had no recollection of her tired muscles, who had been holding back a slowly growing pressure, just gradually gave in and relaxed. A warmth streamed down her left thigh, it pooled up around her left hip, and it some spread up her belly. Her white jeans turned a more transparently white colour. The duvet between her legs grew heavier and warmer as it soaked up the urine. A dark damp stain grew on the light beige blanket on the couch, and stopped only when it stretched from her knees to the lower of her chest.

### Thank you for reading ###

*017*2020-06-15 17:20

{{23 hours ago, tanin said:

This was really nice. I hope that next chapter will appear, especially focusing on the night and morning. Maybe Christina will also poop herself while sleeping or just right after waking up? Those white pants would be great for that!

}}

We'll see. I write so slow, but I think I'm going to continue.

*018*2020-11-19 02:53

Sorry for an an extremely long wait. I wrote about half of this back in June, then sort of forgot about it, and only recently picked it up again. I don't think this is finished yet, but it needs maybe one more part, but here is what I have for now.

Hungover wakeup

On the early dawn of Sunday morning, Christina turned over on her back, and tucked the duvet around her body as pure reflex, as she was still unconciously in a deep sleep. It was so warm, and her body sweated heavily under the thick blankets, as she was still fully clothed. Her armpits, cheast and back were growing more and more clammy, almost moist. But it was far from the only thing that made her damp and clammy. She was sleeping in the middle of a gigantic, now mostly dried up, wet patch that covered an area almost a meter in diameter. Christina had never woken after she wet the couch in the middle of the night, now it was late morning several hours later, and the diuretic alcohol had dried out her body, making her bladder pretty full once again.

Without her mind being concious about it, her body slowly relaxed its muscles, and strong smelling dark yellow morning piss started to trickle out. It wetted her crotch, and stained an area around her pussy, extending alittle bit up her groins, then continued down her ass. A small puddle formed where her fit shapely buttocks dug into the couch, warming up her bum and inner thighs, before it slowly soaked into the cushions beneath her. This repeated itself a couple of times during the next several minutes, untill Christina's bladder once again was completely empty. She groaned softly, as she shifted and turned over on her side again.

Margaret woke up first on Sunday morning too, like she usually did. She had always needed less sleep than her friend, often waking up long before her when they lived together too, but on this particular day it may be more due to the fact that Margaret had been holding back on the drinking alittle bit, because she had had to pee quite badly for the last part of the night, while Christina had sipped freely until they left the party. Margaret turned over on her belly, and tried to fall asleep again, but she ended up just tossing and turning not quite able to doze off again.

She was probably all rested, she had slept for 7 hours afterall, and had been pretty much sobered up before she hit the sack. But there was also another thing that kept her from being able to fall asleep again. A vague twinge in her bladder. She wasn't desperate, but she could definitely have producesd a substancial wizz if she had decided to go for one, but she didn't. Instead, Margaret picked up her phone, and managed to pass possibly an hour or two just scrolling through pictures and watching meaningless videos on social media.

When Christina woke up on the couch some two hours later, she had no idea Margaret was awake in her bedroom. Christina just stretched out her incredible long fit body, she could feel a tingle from the tip of her toes to her fists as she tensed up, arched her back, gave a huge jawn, and then exhaled. Putting one palm on her forehead, she started to assess how she was feeling. A mild headache, as expected after a night of drinking. Her throat felt dry, and her armpits clammy with sweat.

After that thought, she suddenly realised something that was alittle bit worrying. She felt no need to pee. Christina was almost always dying to pee first thing in the morning, so that could only mean one thing. Fumbling alittle to get her arms under the duvet, she could confirm that she had royally pissed herself during her sleep. "Damn!", she thought, "why do I always have to overdo my drinking?". She lifted her butt slightly up to one side, just so that she could press two fingers deep into her asscrack, rubbing alittle on her asshole through her jeans.

"Thank God!", she said quietly when she exhaled. While it was all moist and soggy, she felt no mass or lump back there. You see, wetting her bed happened more times than not when Christina was drinking alcohol, but she would also occationally wake up afer having properly messed herself. It ought to be some of the most disgusting experiences ever, waking with your bum caked in chunky liquid crap. and even worse if there is a puddle of puke on your pillow too.

On two or three such occations Christina had actually thrown her bedding in the trash, instead of trying to wash them. Fortunately, that was not the case today. Today she had only wet herself, but in return she had wet her friend's couch, and she had done so royally. She fumbled alittle more around with her hands to feel around her. This ought to have stained through to the couch, it was soaked all around her. How was she going to explain this to her friend? Well, no reason to cry over spilt milk, she just had to bite the sour apple and get up.

Christina rolled herself off of the couch, and she felt a rush of air against her wet clammy butt as she stood up and started to strip off the covers. The white skintight jeans Christina had worn had turned a yellowy see through all over her butt and thighs. The sheet had a huge round darker stain almost a meter in diameter. She took off the sheets and coiled it up with the duvet covers. Luckily the couch was black leather, so it would take no permanent damage, but she felt the stripped off duvet with her palm, and it was alittle moist too.

"Shit!". She put it all in a pile with the sheets and then headed to the bathroom to clean up herself too. Entering the bathroom and opening the washing machine Christina saw that there was already something in there. She dropped her pile on the floor and reached into the drum to see if it was something that could be washed together with the sheets. "Eww!" Christina wrinkled her nose as she lifted up the fabric in the machine. It was only one piece in there, the jeans Margaret had worn last night, and it reeked of stale dried up piss.

Christina blushed, feeling kind of embarrassed about finding out that her friend likely hadn't made it in time when she sprinted in from the car. Embarressed, because it would be abit awkward when Margaret would notice that Christina had put on the wash, as she would know that she knew about her accident then. Truth be told, it also made Christina feel quite abit better about herself, pissing on her friends couch when she was only there as a guest. Atleast she wasn't the only one who had had an accident last night, and that made it alittle easier to admit and apologise for wetting the couch, wich she had to do afterwards. First however, she had to take a much needed shower. She undid the belt and proceeded to pull down her tight white seethroughy jeans, wich turned completely inside out, as the wet denim clung to her wet skin. Cold air rushed against her bare buttom as she bent down to tuck the whole pile into the washer, she set the program and hit start. Then jumped into the shower.

In the bedroom Margaret was still watching through Snapchat stories from last night, when she heard someone rumbling around and walking in doors in the living room. Christina is definitely awake, she thought as she turned over in bed and started rubbing some sleep out of her eyes. It was time for her to get up too, if this had been a normal Sunday morning she likely would've snoozed in bed untill the better half of the afternoon had past, but she felt it was rude to let her guest be alone, so she got out of bed and threw on a lousy T-shirt for modesty.

In the hallway she heard the shower running, and when she came into the living room she saw that Christina had stripped off the bedding on the couch. Nice, not all guests are that dedicated. She walked over to the kitchen sink, pulled out a glass from the cabinet and filled it. "Some water will help for the headache and hangover", she thought, while she subconciously lifted her right leg so that her thighs were sort of pressed together, and downed the whole glass. The glass was put down, and Margaret started to prepare some things that she and Christina could have for breackfast. Occationally she would stop and cross her legs as she was fetching something in one of the cabinets, or when she paused to get an overlook on what she had in her fridge.

Soon she had mixed together some easy breakfast for the two of them, concisting of bread, cheese and salad. Trying to stay healthy, right? She carried everthing over to the living room table, and turned on the TV while she sat down on the couch to wait for Christina to finish her shower. The need to take a leak was starting to feel uncomfortable. Even if she felt she had pissed up a firehose in her jeans last night, right before she went to to bed, it was now almost at the same level. She hadn't even drank anything since then, but the bladder must have drained her body and filled up rappidly during the night, like often is the case with alcohol. Her legs crossed, and rocking alittle up and down, she hoped her friend would be out soon, so she could go shower and release this pee herself. Luckily, just as she was about to consider her alternatives she heard the shower turn off, and a few moments later Christina emerged with wet messy hair and a towel wrapped around her body.

"I'm sorry, I hope it's OK that I'm dressed in only this towel for a while, I threw my sweaty clothes in the washer along with the linnen", Christina asked, and sat down at the other end of the couch. She bent down to her backpack that she had left at the floor the day before. "Actually, I can put on my clothes from earlier".

"As you please", Margaret replied, trying not to sound like she was on the brink of wetting herself. "You know I wouldn't care either way". She uncrossed her legs while trying to keep her thighs as closely locked as possible. "See, I just set out some food on the table, so help yourself if you're hungry". Margaret's torso inched forward and she slowly rose on her feet, before putting her left hand on her crotch and giving her peehole a good squeeze. "Now if ya don't mind, I'm going to take a shower, and if I'm bein' quite honest, I might have a vague urge to pee as well", she said with a smirk on her face as she gesticulated an only slightly exaggerated pee-dance on her way from the couch to the hallway.

Christina giggled. "You silly. You could've knocked... And you know, that's how it is every morning for me". The last bit she was almost shouting, as Margaret was already around the corner and out of sight.

In the bathroom Margaret removed her hand from the front of her panties, in the same move she also crossed her legs just to aid abit in her holding. This gave her enough time to take off her T-shirt, before stepping into the shower with her panties on. She gripped her thumbs inside the waistband and pulled them down, but the panties had only gotten alittle bit past her hips when she let go of her aching sphincter. Dark yellow morning piss started running down Margaret's thicc thighs, soaking the back of her panties, and making that characteristic dripping-water-in-a-bathtub sound as the pee hit the shower floor. She kicked her panties off, leaving them by the drain to rinse off during her shower.

Then she straightened her back and turned on the water, while piss was still pouring down with full force. Some trickled along her skin, some formed an unsteady flickering stream between her legs, and it all lasted well over a minute. "Ppprrrrffffsssqqqqcccrrrt". A fart ripped just as she was pushing slightly, to get the last drops of urine out. That fart had more substance to it than Margaret had anticipated, her stomack felt like it shuffled some air inside her guts, and a teaspoon of geasy brown mush squeezed between her bumcheeks. Without emotion, she just lifted off the showerhead and brought it to the lower of her back, then used her other hand to clean her crack. She would definitely need need to take a massive soft poop later in the evening, as she always did on a day after drinking. But it could wait. Now she turned around, started washing her hair, and just thought about what she and Christina should do for the remaining of their time untill Christina had to go home.

### Thank you for reading ###

*020*2021-05-23 21:44

{{On 11/19/2020 at 3:53 AM, ed2 said:

Instead, Margaret picked up her phone, and managed to pass possibly an hour or two just scrolling through pictures and watching meaningless videos on social media.

}}

A conversation in the group chat on Snap went ahead like this:

Mark: Anyone seen my sweater I wore last night?

Katie: Just a hanbag in the living room, a phone out on the balcony, a shitty pair of pantyhose in the trash, and fucking cigarette blunts all over the place. No sweater, srry!

Joe: I think you left it on a fencepost on the walk home this morning. You insisted that you didn't need it as the sun was getting up.

Mark: Sounds like we must've had a hell of party, right.

Katie: Oh, we definitely had a great party last night. Atleast judging by the pile of laundry I have to do today.

Maria: You're not actually cleaning out someone else's shit-in tights, are you???

Mark: Just toss the damn thing ffs!

Katie: Na, it's not that. I'm just married to a baby who pisses the bed every time he drinks beer.

Joe: Haha! Been there, done that!

Roger: Hey, Kat! Who was it that had to carry you home after Ella's bday?

Katie: I still didn't piss the bed tho

Mark: Freakin' lightweighters!

Joe: We've all done it. Especially you Mark! You're just usually too drunk to remember it.

Mark: Exactly! Lightweithers!

Maria: Ah, I see. If there is any consolidation, I have to do laundry now too I just followed through with a fart while hugging the big white telephone.

Maggie: I totally pissed myself as I got to the bathroom when I got home

Abby: Just a hanbag in the living room, a phone out on the balcony, a shitty pair of pantyhose in the trash, and fucking cigarette blunts all over the place. No sweater, srry!

The handbag is mine. I'll come get it tomorrow. Promiss!

Katie: Np, Abs.

Abby: And it srrsly sound like alot of you need to wear diapers for drinking!

Maggie: honestly, they might've come in handy sober sometimes too

Maria: True It's actually less than a week since I pinched a fat loaf in my workslacks at work. Todd had to bring me spare undies

Maria: Thank God that was a solid rn I'm having the hungover shits. Ugh.

Stephanie: Now we're getting gross here!

Katie: Agree. TMI. I was actually going to make breakfast. Not sure I want that now.

Joe: You started the shitty talk. Moron.

Mark: Lightweighters, and should I add Prudes.

*021*2022-06-29 20:02

Almost home!

"Did you have a good time last night?", asked Margaret as she came back into the living room. She had put on a white pair of comfy granny panties, and some really loose, light grey sweatpants on her lower half. The top half bein bare naked, except a towel that was wrapped around her freshly showered hair. Her two voluptous udders wiggled in synchrony as Margaret plumped her bossom down on the couch beside her friend.

"If I did! I haven't socialised this much in ages", Christina answered with a big grin on her face. "I did know some of them, but even the ones I had never met before treated me like an old friend, so I felt like I was really included".

"Countryfolks can do that to ya, you know.... But if you liked it, this is something we should try to arrage alittle more often", Margaret said.

Christina nodded: "Definitely! Actually, Mag, if we can find another weekend where we're both free from work,I demand that we do something like this again. I don't think I have had such a good time atleast since our graduation party".

"Even though that didn't end too well for you, did it?" Margaret said, and gave Christina an awkward stare.

It was true. On the last party they had had together in their student flat, after their graduation, and before everyone moved eack to their own, Christina had inconveniently ended up overindulging alittle bit on the liquor. Very drunk, almost legless, Christina had been sitting on the couch on the living room of their crowded little student apartment when she had felt the very familiar urge to take yet another wizz. She had just been for one, and it had been quite the struggle just to get there, not to mention getting all her clothes off in time, and then putting her clothes back on again in her state of drunkness. It was a hassle! So since she had just been, she assumed the urge she felt now was just a few stubborn dribbles that hadn't come out earlier, and her drunken blurred mind had somehow gotten to the conclusion that these few dribbles could very well just be let out into the gusset of her pink thong.

She even pushed alittle as she let go, a faint fart had been masked by the loud music, as a wet spot grew on her crotch and inner thighs and seeped into the fabric couch beneath her. It was alot more than she had anticipated, but too drunk to even realise that her plan hadn't worked, she just continued like nothing had happened with a dinner plate-sized patch on her her jeans, until she had passed out (luckily) on her own bed later in the night. Fully clothed. This was what Margaret were refering to. But what made Christina secretly cringe even more, was a part that Margaret didn't even know about.

The morning after Christina had awoken laying flat on her stomach. Bedsheets cold, damp and smelling of piss from her boobs to her ancles. Resting on her still jeans clad firm ass, and slightly smeared down her thighs and up her crack, were a rather large mass of freshly passed, still luke warm, soft, runny, hungover morning poop. She rubbed some sleep out of her eyes, then exhaled with a heavy sigh, and she just let her morning piss trickle out of her at a natural pace, rewetting and rewarming her clothes as well as her bed, until it tickled the skin below her belly button.... Everything was washed twice, but the cute pink thong had had to be trashed anyway.

"No", Christina blushed, remembering all of that. "But you remember what Todd used to say! It's not a good party unless atleast a couple of people has either puked, pissed or shit on themselves". And both girls erupted in laughter.

"That is definitely true in our circles", Margaret joked.

"And you fit right in as well", Christina joked back.

Their conversation turned in a different, mundane direction. Mainly boring gossip, or discussing different clothes and makeup articles, wich was irrelevant for the sake of this story. Alittle later Margaret suggested that they turn on a movie on the TV, and they did so.

###

"I think it's time for me to start heading down to the station now, my train is leaving in half an hour", Christina said as she stretched out her arms and yawned.

"Yep, I'll follow you down there", Margaret replied, "Just a sec", she said while looking around for the remote control to turn off the TV. "Alittle fresh air could be good, I almost fell asleep during the end of the movie there".

"I'll just nip to the loo first".

Christina disappeared into the bathroom. She turned on the tap before she sat on the toilet. Not because she was shy or anything, but alittle bit of extra privacy didn't hurt either. She pulled down her thights, spun around and sat down on the toilet. A weak and yellow stream made a clear trikling sound when it hit the water in the bowl. It lasted only a few seconds before it gradually died down, and everything became quiet again, except for the running tap. She just continued to sit there motionless, thinking about nothing and trying to concentrate.

"Mmhmmm...... Aaah". Christina had always as long as she could remember not only had a a small bladder, but also a very active bowels, wich meant she usually had to take a dump three times every day. For some reason she had been abit backed up this weekend, and she hadn't pooped since yesterday morning. The last time she had skipped this many poops it had ended in disaster. Maybe 8 months earlier, but she still remembered how that huge warm log had just flipped aside her thong and pushed down the leg of her tight blue jeans as she rode the elevator up to her apartment. She didn't want to risk that happening on her train ride home, so she bore down.

"Hhhmmm". A squeeky fart came out, and a few droplets of pee. "Aaah". But nothing seemed to budge inside her stomack. One last try. "Mmmhhgrmm......Grrrgh....... Aaaah! Fuck it". She sat there and panted for a while, before she wiggled her butt over the seat to drip drip dry, then pulled her clothes back on without wiping, and walked over to wash her hands.

Back in the hallway Margaret had put on her jacket and was ready to leave. Christina also put on her jacket, fetched her backpack, swung it over her shoulders and fastened the chest strap. The two girls stepped out into the nice but chilly weather, and they started walking down the sidewalk towards the train station, and as they walked they were talking about this and that, loose and solid, and nothing in particular. The sound of feet walking on gravel, then asphalt, the breezing sound of leafs rustling in the wind, and distant bird song could be heard whenever there was a pause in the chatting. They didn't walk particularily fast, but the distance was short, so they made it to the station with several minutes to spare. Not wanting to be disturbed by the other passangers waiting, Christina and Margaret stopped maybe 20 meters from the platform.

As soon as they stopped walking Margaret let rip an enourmeous fart. "God, I think I'm going to have the worst hungover shit when I get back, walking has just stimulated my bowels". Two smaller farts could also faintly be hear. "It feels like it's going to be a messy one!"

"I know the feeling", Christina replied. "Alcohol sometimes does that, but I'm having the opposite problem, I'm backed up since yesterday!"

"I don't get what you eat girl, to shit so much", Margaret said teasingly.

"Didn't you already know that I was full of shit?", Christina coutered with a smirk on her face. Both girls giggled for a bit. "So... How long's it been since you've last been then?"

"I haven't gone since Friday, when ya know, I didn't quite make it", Margaret said before let out a barely audible and airy fart. "God, that was a warm one."

"I bet it was, sure smells like it". Christina waved her face to proove her point, and kind of mock her friend. "Well, I hope you make it. That is always the most devastating feeling ever. Having an accident two times in a row."

"Yeah", Margaret agreed, "I guess. But actually, I have shit myself so many times before, but I don't think I have ever shit myself two times in a row, honestly". A short pause. "Wait.... Have you?" Margaret looked over at Christina. "You have, haven't you?"

Christina just shrugged her shoulders, "So... eh...", she pretended like she was about to change the subject, but then just gave in anyway. She had no embarrassment around a good friend like Margaret. "Yes, not often, but it has totally happened a couple of times. Always drunk though. Like I'll been hammered, and then shit myself at a party. Then I wake up the next morning, having shit myself again in bed". There was no time for a reaction on the confession that had just been made though, because as they were speaking, they could hear the locomotive dundering down the tracks.

"Well, here's my train. Thank you for a wonderful weekend, and we'll stay in contact!" Christina said, as the train pulled into the station and came to a halt at the platform.

"Likewise, I had a great time, and we must see again soon."

The two girls hugged quickly, before Christina speed-walked the last few meters ahead to the platform, and borded the train. Margaret remained on the spot for a few moments. She let out a couple of silent farts while debating whether should use a public toilet, or just go home. She didn't deem it that urgent, so she chose the second option, and started on her walk home.

The 2 hour train ride back to the city went rather uneventful. Christina had gotten up to use the toilet on the train twice during the ride, but only for two small pees. An effect of being constipated, it felt like her full intestines were pressing on her already peanut sized bladder, making her have to go even more often than normal. The other need she hadn't even felt an urge for during most of the ride, but about a quarter before they were due to arrive, there was some movement, and she started to sense a slight pressure in the rectum. By the time the train stopped by the platform, she also felt that she could probably need another piss sometime soon, but tired from the journey it was put to the back of her head.

Out on the platfom Christina concidered using the train station's bathroom, but she knew from experience that these toilets were usually very filthy, and she was pretty confident that she could hold it for the rather short distance home, so Christina walked straight pass the train station toilets and out into the cold but sunny autumn weather. She found the closest bus stop, she was lucky the line that went through the train station also stopped right infront of her apartment building. At the bus stop Christina fished her phone up from her pocket, to check when the next bus on this line was due.

It was Sunday, which meant the buses run alittle less frequent than on weekdays, and she was abit worried when she saw that it would be a 15 minute wait. She felt a twinge in her bladder, and subconciously crossed her legs. Would she have time to run back to the train station, do her business and then come back before the bus arrived? Probably not. Atleast not to poop, but maybe if she pissed alittle she would be able to hold her poop until she got home. She really didn't like the idea of the train station toilets though, so in lack of a better option she tried to hold on for a while longer.

There was a cold chill in the air this Sunday afternoon, and very few people were out and about, so there was little traffic to speak of. Christina was still waiting for the bus when she felt the next wave of urgency come over her. She pressed two fingers into her pussy and crossed her legs. Looking around herself, she saw almost no one. The traffic was low, a few scattered pedestrians at the other side of the road, and behind the bus stop it was just an open patch with pretty tall grass and some small bushes. Christina uncrossed her legs. While still holding her pussy tight, she relaxed her asshole for abit. "Ffffff!". Hot air gushed out and warmed up the space between her cheeks before it slowly seeped through the fabric. That eased the peassure alittle bit, but she knew it was only a question of time.

Having to hold it both ways was only going to make it impossible for her to hold her poop until she came home. She had to do something! Without hesitation Christina walked over to the open area with tall grass right beside the bus stop. She squatted down, almost sitting on her heels, pretending to just relax while reading her phone. With a backpack on her back and the phone in one hand, she used her free hand to inch her running tights just below her buttocks, that was just enough to make her pussy come free of the top of her pants. Her now bare bumcheeks tickled by straws of grass, she let go a trickling stream of piss into the ground below. It was a rather short pee. Towards the end her bumhole started to open up, but she quickly clenched it shut, stopping anything before it had a chance to come out. In one motion she stood up and pulled up her pants, right in time to see the bus coming down the street.

Having had her pee probably helped, because the bus ride home was rather uneventful, except two silent but stinky farts towards the end, which she hoped and thought no one could pinpoint to her. Other than that, she had little problem holding it while sitting down, the problem arose when walking the short disctance from the bus stop to her apartment building. Quite naturally, walking always seemed to stimulate her bowels.

Also, there was no bus seat or train seat aiding her tired muscles in holding back the large mass inside her, everything was down to her exhausted muscles now. Christina reached the front door of her building right as her ring started to give in. This wasn't a new experience for Christina. She had loaded her underwear when trying to make it home after work on multiple occasions. Twice it had happened when she returned from shopping. The difference this time was only that she hadn't been for a while, so it was going to be a particularily huge one. Her asshole started crowning as she locked herself into the entrance hall.

The solid lump in her rectum were slowly sliding out as she walked over to the elevator. In the elevator Christina stood with her legs tightly crossed, and that helped her stop her turd from protruding any further. Most of it was still inside, but the emerging tip was already touching cloth in her underwear. That support disappeared again, when she reached her floor and she had to uncross her legs to walk over to her apartment. The shit slowly sliding out step by step.

A substantial mushroom-head had formed in the back of her pants when Christina unlocked the door to her apartment. She swung inside, and the first log broke off. Her asshole didn't even attempt to close before a second load started. She took one step towards the bathroom before seeing that this was futile. Christina leaned on the wall and just gave up. Two, three, four logs finished snaking out and nestled up back there. A big sigh, followed by a curious hand reaching behind and feeling up the size of the bulge. This had to be one of the biggest dumps she had ever taken in her pants, but Christina laughed silently at herself when she had to add, atleast while sober.

###

Meanwhile, Margaret was walking back to her house after following Christina to the train station. About half way home she regretted not jumping on the bus instead of walking back. Her house was only 2 bus stops from the station, and she really could need the exercise, it was just that the walking seemed to have stimulated her bowels. The time had come for the poop she had felt brewing all day, and she actually had to clench her buttcheeks to hold back against the pressure in the rectum.

She turned up the road where she lived and stopped dead in her tracks. "Pprrrtt... prrtt. rrffft". A few squeeky and foul smelling farts shot out despite her hole being clenched shut full force. After a few seconds the wave subdued, and the air that had escaped actually made the urge marginally better. With renewed confidence that this was going to end as just another close call, Margaret continued to walk the few hundred meters left, she even smiled and said hi to a neighbour that was out raking leafs in the garden. When she turned into her driveway, she felt safe. "Thank God", she said out loud as she stepped up on her front porch, "I made it".

There was only one problem. She had left it alittle too late. Again. As Margaret purged in through her front door, her tired muscles started to give in to the pressure. Two steps infront of the bathroom door the wettest of all farts hissed out through her clenched tired asshole, "fffffprtfff", and from the hotness to judge it was not only air that seeped through either. A few table spoons worth of warm runny mud had slipped out alot with the hot pungent gas, and gathered between Margaret's asshole and her light pink granny panties as her sneakers that she had no time to take off swung themself into the only room in her apartment wich had tiled floors. With that airpocket gone, it was now the main and slightly firmer chunk of Margaret's sloppy hungover poop that was resting against her ring.

The muscles of her pelvic floor was too tired out and too exhausted to even anwer the brain's last desperate call for defence, just the smallest of a twinge in her intestines as she flipped the toilet lid up, and spun her butt around, was enough to push her asshole wide open. A really soft but still somewhat solid glob of hot reeking shit pressed through and sagged like a tennisball in the back of her light grey sweatpants. Margaret got a grab with her thumbs inside the waistband, she pulled her pants and panties down in one go, and sat her dirty bum down. The floodgates were relieved, a strong torrent of piss erupted into the bowl, and from the back chunkier bits and runnier spurts continued to spray and splash.

Margaret picked up her phone from a pocket in her sweater. While her body was still doing its business, she gently spread her legs as wide apart as her sweatpants allowed her to, and then she snapped a photo of the messy brown hammock that was now stretched out between her knees. This was a moment she had to share with the others in the group chat.

### THE END! ###

### THANK YOU FOR READING! ###

