Captain Marvel’s Desperate Call

Author: Batman007

*000*2019-05-18 23:29

This story takes place while the events of Avengers Infinity War is going on.

Captain Marvel had a mission to on the planet Nowhere, the crime rates have gone up since the Guardians Of The Galaxy was there. Carol wanted to change that, it is why she has been flying there, now her quest begins. She just made it but earlier she drank a lot of water and now she has to pee. Carol hoped that she could make it, she doesn’t like peeing herself as normal girl but it’s because she takes her job to seriously and doesn’t to be know as a little girl that wet herself, she’s also very powerful and being that strong and doesn’t want to fetish in front of strength.

Now the Captain’s urge was becoming worse she could focus properly but she did manage to make it to Nowhere without any leaks. Marvel didn’t care about her mission she was so desperate now that she could wet herself in catching a thief or criminal, now that would be embarrassing for her but hot for the crooks. Nowhere’s public bathrooms are disgusting they are not cleaned and there’s always old diapers laying on the ground, that’s what the ladies toilets look but she never ever gone to the men’s in desperation if there’s no more room in the girl’s. She didn’t want to use the public restrooms because there filthy dirty, she thought to herself were would she be sleeping.

She thought that she would buy a room in the best hotel in Nowhere. She ran in and luckily she didn’t have to wait, the lady who was serving her was amazed that the gorgeous Captain Marvel has entered. “Captain Marvel big fan what would you like?”

“I’ll take the suite, please.”

“The $1200 one?”

“Yeah that one, oh wait I didn’t bring my wallet.”

“Don’t worry I almost forgot that if you are a superhero you don’t pay for a room.” Carol gave her a smile and she wasn’t taking notice of her urge to pee.

Just then the desperation kick in she was at the limit and if she didn’t go now then she would have an accident. She takes the keys and get in the lift and there is no one in there so Carol grabs her crotch like a little girl she is in dire need of a toilet. The lift gets to the third floor and must find room 2018 and she does she unlocks it and rushes to the bathroom.

She is now frustrated that she can’t take off her suite the zipper at the back is stuck and just had a small leakage in her white panties. “Fuck! I’m already peeing myself.” She moans and groans for a bit the zipper moved a bit but enough for her to take it off. She feels another squirt of pee coming out she starts crying she’s not going to make it.

She has to accept that she’s not gonna make it. She then starts peeing the rapid force that coming out is so warm and her crying stops, it looks like she’s enjoying it. Her whole pants has a nice big pee stain on it and probably her panties would be soaked, she didn’t bring spare clothes so she had wash it or be nude under her suit. She stopped peeing and loved it. She did not know why she didn’t like it at first, now she actually could take it off her zipper needs fixing and she went to the bed and was laying on it naked. She was very tired from yesterday when this guy only came robbing at night and at 11:00 o’clock she got him and took her 2 hours to get back to her ship, so Carol fell asleep on her bed.

To Be Continued...

To

*001*2019-06-01 23:30

Carol woke up with a sudden urge to pee she ignored it for a while but it bothered her so much, but she still ignored it. Carol finally woke up and went to the bathroom, turn the lights on and pee she then saw what a appears to be a Skrull who appears from nowhere coming toward Carol while she’s still taking a piss and touches her sexually. She asks him to stop as he reaches for her pussy, he doesn’t stop her touches her pussy and then rubs her piss on her body mainly her tits. “Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!” She screams she finds her back in bed and noticed that she wet the bed like some young girl. She was happy she did wet the bed because that dream was crazy she woke up to feel that she had been touching herself in her sleep.

She now did something bad “Why didn’t I sleep on my ship last night then I could be a naughty girl there! Not here, now I need to tell something about this and I had clothes on my ship. Oh yeah, I remember now I was so desperate that I needed to pee but this hotel only has bathrooms inside the suites and no public bathrooms. Looks like if I’m staying here again I need to go pee in a alleyway or even poo also.”

She knew now that there are no public restrooms on Nowhere and you just have have to go somewhere. To her luck she did find some clothes in the wardrobe, a long black pants with neon lights on the sides, a t-shirt which was black and a jacket which was also black and had neon lights on it too. Also there was a big handbag where Carol could put her wet super suit, now she just had to pose as a friend of Carol Danvers. She took the lift there was nobody in there, but then one person came, hopefully he couldn’t smell her wet super suit.

He didn’t which was a relief when the lift made it to the ground floor she went to the receptionist. “Hi what seems to be the problem ma’am? The receptionist said, “Well I’m leaving today but I accidentally wet the bed last night so I’m just letting you know to clean it today.”

“Ok, then I’ll get the guys over there to clean it after you leave. What room number was it?”

“It was 2018.”

“Ahhh, Captain Marvel’s room.”

“Yeah that’s the one but I’m not her you know I am actually one of her best friends. My name is Jane Susan.”

“Oh ok, sure Jane we will clean it up for when Captain Marvel comes back.”

“Oh well she told me that she left Knowhere last night probably 2 am and said I could sleep the night that she was supposed to be doing. Now if we can hurry this up I need to pee.” She lied so this conversation can get faster. “Alright, after you leave it will be clean for whoever wants it next. Now I would like the keys please.” Danvers gives him the keys and says “Goodbye!” He says goodbye too. Danvers now realises that there is black holes appearing in space as she sees on a newspaper and she has to stay here for a while.

To Be Continued...

*002*2019-06-15 22:40

Captain Marvel did not like it one bit because she hates Knowhere now and probably because of the lack of bathrooms. It only looks like hotels only have bathrooms in the rooms. Carol felt like something to eat, so she immediately went to the nearest cafè and entered the cafè. Marvel sat in the front table and the waiter handed her the menu, ordered this dish that was hard to pronounce which had bacon and eggs in it, this was probably here because of the Guardians. Marvel also tried Knowhere made coffee, when her order came she was hungry and thirsty that her food was gone in a few minutes as well as the coffee. Her body acted fast she could tell her that she needed to go to the toilet.

She signalled the waiter and asked him “Were are the bathrooms?”

“There’s none here miss, they are all gone. There are no more toilets only in hotels and ships.”

“What about this like a nightclub, do they just release on the dance floor or what? “Well that is correct but most of them wear a diaper and you know.”

“A diaper! Wow I never knew that your culture was based around acting as baby in diapers. I ok if people pee or poo wherever but wearing diapers no way. I’m meant to stay here until this black hole disappears but I’m not signing up to have an accident in my diaper like a baby I rather have an accident in my panties then and be more of a young girl than a baby.” Carol walked out and just like that her urge grew and grew she walked along the street in order to find an alleyway or an abandoned building.

Carol did find a side street and ran there, when she arrived there was absolutely no one there it was an empty alleyways that had no street gangs there or muggers and most importantly not crowed like an actual bathroom on Earth. She took off her black pants, then her panties and released. She started peeing it was so nice it even smelt a bit like the coffee and then she couldn’t keep farting. She then was pooing, big drolls coming out of her ass hitting the ground as she kept relieving her pee. Danvers stopped she stood up, pulled her panties and panties up.

She then walked out of the alleyway and entered Main Street, she walked back to her ship she had enough of this place at lease on Earth she enjoyed being a naughty girl but here there was none for her to do it and she had to revert to relieving herself in the open and doing it in places where she would only go if she couldn’t hold it in any longer. She just wished that she could be on Earth now and live a great life unlike Knowhere. She had to leave she must risk it, she can’t stay here and act like an adult baby she had to see what else she has to do as a galactic hero.

She arrived she opened the ship with her special key and entered. The ship was very big and had all her clothing she wore on Earth as well as bedsheets and clothing that she’ll pee in. When on Earth she modified the ship to have Earth functions such as a CD/DVD player, a bunch of movies ranging from action, comedy and sci-fi. Also a pager to communicate to Nick Fury, an actual toilet (before she had to use a bucket), utensils to wash her hands (before she used her piss), an actual bathroom with a shower and most of all a Sega Saturn and a few games.

Carol got into her seat and turned on the motors and flew off, she was now in space she couldn’t see the black hole anywhere until the ship was pulling back to Knowhere she was in front of it. She was so scared what happens if she gets sucked in and comes out dead, this was more scarier than the time she wet herself with her friend Maria while watching a scary movie and Carol fear wetted herself as he almost killed the main female character.

Captain Marvel was so scared that she needed to be saved, she was so stressed and then she started peeing she fear wetted herself with pee running down her thighs, ass and all falling on the floor under the controls desk or on her chair.

To Be Continued...

*003*2019-06-22 22:26

Carol was still in fear, her pee still going and by now her suit would be soaked. Her stain on her pants enlarged to be bigger, today felt like that Captain Marvel felt scared. She was always brave, strong and fearless, but today she was the opposite which she had never felt before. Her brain was going crazy it was playing her memories when she wet herself or gone to pee in the toilet. One of the memories was when she was 8 and wet herself in a shopping centre and it played her most embarrassing memory, it was October 12th 1987 when she had the most baddest accident she ever had. She was with her friend Maria, they went to watch a movie together she couldn’t remember the movie she watched, but anyway there was this sex scene that caused her to have an accident. She drank the whole bottle of Coke up and then just before the sex scene, she needed to go really badly and nudged to Maria and told her she needs to pee.

Mara said to hold it in until after this part, Mara also said she’s been needing to go and leaked a bit in her red panties. Danvers accepted this and held in longer, then came the sex scene. The man got undressed and then the woman, then they started having sex. When Danvers was watching this she wanted to masterbate as she always wanted to be in a relationship with a man and do that. She held it in so much pain as the only thing she wanted to do was thinking about sex, but her sexual pleasure made her leak as she wasn’t focusing on holding herself. She couldn’t hold it anymore, she started to only Maria could hear her friend having an accident.

She then thought if Carol just had an accident then I can do it to, she lay back and relax making her piss herself with ease and came out instantly. Carol then grew to have a pee fetish because of that day but always hated bed wetting and peeing in public (peeing on the streets or alleyways which she had to do on Knowhere). She stopped remembering her past and her ship just got hit and spinning around uncontrollably, Danvers screaming loudly that she knew it was the end she was going to die. Then she immediately had another accident she started to shit herself, large drolls of shit pushing against her big ass.

She was so scared that she was becoming like a child again having accidents in her pants. She then grabbed the controls and leave she did a turn and managed to get threw it, she stopped the ship in mid flight so she could go inspect her accidents in her suit. She unzipped herself and saw three drolls of shit in her suit, she picked up her suit and walked towards the bathroom and flushed her shit down the toilet, then she put her suit in the washing machine and drove off naked. Captain Marvel always loved to be naked and she still does things nude as most Earthlings or aliens would do it differently.

Examples of this are she always sleeps naked, she does her me time naked all the time (watching TV or playing video games) and just times when she wants to be naked like now.

Carol now naked walks down to control centre to pilot the ship out of here, she puts it on autopilot as walks back to where she has Here gaming systems and picks up her Sega Saturn and plays a game called Full Throttle and then plays it for quite a while until she goes and steers the ship correctly to the next planet and she spot planet Riaoll IV and lands there. On the planet Carol Danvers can she this planet looks much better than Nowhere, “Just hope that there are lots of bathroom facilities for me.” Captain Marvel says while chuckling to herself.

To Be Continued...

