Mermaid Heel's Holding Contest

Author: AJA

*000*2022-04-27 16:44

This is my second fanfiction for Omorashi.org. I hope you all enjoy this one even though it's a two-parter. Also, Beth is 18 in this fanfiction because on this account, we don't do that pedo shit around here.

Mermaid Heel Holding Contest

18-year-old Beth Vanderwood was at the sink of the bathroom, just finishing off a really big piss. Beth had been holding it in for hours while she was out in the garden, as sometimes when she was gardening, she would get so focused on what she was doing that she wouldn’t notice that she would have to pee or poop until hours later. Beth let out a relieved sigh before walking out of the bathroom, where Beth’s girlfriend Arana Webb, was standing outside with a smile on her face.

“Damn Beth, if I didn’t know any better in there, I would think you were having sex,” Arana teased, poking a blushing Beth’s cheeks.

“Don’t just say stuff like that! Look…I just really had to pee!” Beth exclaimed while shaking her head to get Arana’s hand off of her cheek. However, Arana kept her hand on Beth’s cheek by going from poking it to pinching it, causing Beth to emit a whine as her blush only turned a deeper red.

“Boy, that’s an understatement. You sounded like a fire hose in there. How long were you holding it?” Arana asked.

“A few hours,” Beth said trying to turn away from Arana despite her still having a hand on her cheek. Despite the two dating for a few months, Arana still had the effect of making Beth blush with her teasing.

“Wow. No offense Beth, but I didn’t think you could hold it in that long,” Arana said, finally taking her hand off of Beth’s cheek, and patting the part of her midsection where her bladder would be.

“W…what’s that supposed to mean? I’ve held it in for a long time before, both #1 and #2,” Beth argued. Arana looked at Beth with a raised eyebrow, but her surprised look turned back into a playful smirk before she began running a hand through Beth’s hair.

“Nothing sweetie, it’s just that you didn’t seem like you had much experience in holding it.”

“Do you?”

“I do actually. I’ve even competed with some other girls on how long I could hold it. My personal record is 15 hours in case you were curious,” Arana explained, flicking her light green hair as she kind of bragged about her ability to hold it for more than half a day. Beth had to admit that it was impressive, and wasn’t sure she could do that even if she had been as distracted as she was gardening but wanted to show off a little so decided to say something.

“Well…what do you think about having a holding contest with me?” Beth asked. Arana looked at Beth in surprise, with Beth staring right at Arana, showing Arana that she was serious about this.

“Are you sure, sweetie?”

“Yeah.” Arana then responded with a smirk before licking her lips and leaning closer to Beth, who was immediately starting to get nervous again as Arana stroked her cheek.

“OK then, if that’s what you want. Starting now, neither of us will use the bathroom for any reason. No peeing, no pooping, none of that. Whoever goes first, whether it be on the toilet or in their underwear, loses,” Arana explained. Beth thought about this a little more, realizing that she never really held it on purpose, and those holdings were usually more on accident. And Arana, from what she said, had several experiences with holding it in for long periods, 15 hours was nothing to sneeze at after all. But, Beth wanted to show Arana that she was not one to be constantly teased at so she puffed out her chest and nodded.

“Deal.” Arana and Beth shook hands, with Arana kissing Beth on the cheek before the two left Beth’s room and continued on with their day.

Three Hours Later…

Beth was in the living room of the Mermaid Heel, her legs firmly crossed together to the point where they almost looked as though they were in a knot. Luckily, she didn’t feel the need to poop yet, but Beth’s bladder was already almost at maximum capacity. Beth started moaning as she had never held it in this long before without some kind of distraction to keep her mind off of her pressing need.

A proverbial lightbulb going off in Beth’s head, she picked herself up, making sure both hands were planted firmly on her crotch to prevent any kind of leakage. Beth took a couple of deep breaths before making her way to the garden, hoping that doing her passion for gardening would keep her mind off of her pulsing bladder for at least a little while. As Beth finally made it to the back door, the sweat beading on her forehead started dripping onto the floor, the light sound of the liquid hitting the floor was not helping.

After eliciting another moan, Beth pushed open the door, grabbed her gardening tools, and started gardening. Immediately, Beth sitting down on her knees made her bladder pulse even more, but she immediately started gardening. As Beth really got into it, the focus on her bladder lessened allowing Beth to ignore the pain her bulging bladder was causing. After an hour of gardening, Arana came walking out of the back with a smile on her face, seemingly not registering the fact she had not used the bathroom in 4 hours.

“Hey Beth, how’re we doing so far?” Arana asked, lightly tapping her foot on the grass.

“Better. Gardening always helps me keep my mind off of these kinds of things,” Beth explained, putting a few more vegetable seeds in the ground before Arana patted Beth on the back.

“Well, Kagura wanted me to tell you that it was time for dinner, so we should probably head to the dining hall,” Arana explained. Beth gulped nervously, knowing that she would have a hard time trying to hide her pressing need to pee. Also, Beth didn’t know what was going to be for lunch, but she knew eating it would make her have to poop, which she wasn’t sure she could hold along with her pee.

“OK,” Beth said as she got back to her feet, holding herself as much as she could to avoid leaking. Arana and Beth walked back into the guildhall, holding hands and themselves so that they can keep pee from coming out.

Another three hours later…

Beth and Arana were in Beth’s room, with Arana looking notably more desperate than she had before. That was because after eating a dinner that consisted of steak and vegetables, they now had to poop along with having to pee. Arana was focusing on holding her butt while crossing her legs to keep her pee controlled. Beth, however, was in a fetal position on the bed, her arms pressing against her crotch while her hands and fingers were pressing against her butt.

“Beth, are you OK?”

“…no...,” Beth moaned as she let out a couple of high-pitched farts.

“You’re doing pretty well, Beth. You-ah-doubled the amount of time you’ve held it in,” Arana said, a major bladder spasm causing her to cross her legs even more. Arana then let out a deep-sounding fart before Beth could respond.

“…thanks, Arana. I…just feel terrible.” Arana nodded before getting up off of the bed, giving herself a moment to compose herself, her bladder, and her bowels, before walking out of the room. As Arana left, Beth looked over at the bathroom in front of her bed, very tempted to walk in there and just let go. Beth REALLY wanted to get into the bathroom, but there was something in her that really wanted to beat Arana in this holding contest.

However, a giant spasm caused Beth to shake and whine as she once again took a look at the bathroom. Beth looked at the door and decided that maybe going a little bit wouldn’t be too bad, at least to make sure it would be easier to hold it in. However, as Beth got off of the bed, Arana walked back into the room with a guttural fart coming out of her and a couple of black panties with locks in her hands. Beth jumped at Arana’s sudden arrival, but her focus was immediately moved to the underwear in Arana’s hands.

“What’re those for, Arana?”

“Oh, well these are to make sure we don’t leak while sleeping. It’s going to be time to sleep soon, and I did say that leaking of any kind would result in one of us losing. I got these from one of the people I had a holding contest with a while back, and she said these would make sure we stay dry while we sleep,” Arana explained before letting out another deep fart. Beth blushed as the underwear looked some sort of leather dominatrix type stuff. But nonetheless, she took the underwear anyway, and after a minute both she and Arana were in the underwear.

“Well, it’s almost midnight. Do you want to sleep now? It may make this contest a little easier,” Arana asked, letting out a couple more guttural farts before Beth shot out her own squeaking fart.

“Yeah…maybe,” Beth mumbled before climbing into her bed. Arana smiled at her, following her into her bed as she wrapped the blanket around the two of them, which probably wasn’t the best idea as Beth had released another toxic fart. Arana laughed it off, patting the blushing Beth on the top of the head before falling asleep, confident that she was definitely winning this contest.

OK, so here's the thing. I already know who's winning this competition, and I just need you guys to help me figure out how it ends; do you want the person who wins to make it to the bathroom, or do you want them to just mess themselves after finally being able to win the holding contest? Comment on how you want it to go, and thank you for reading what I have so far.

$$

$$

