Dr Suzuki's Bursting Commute

Author: Male

*000*2018-07-05 22:31

Dr Suzuki Michiko was feeling pretty good. A beautiful young woman of 30, she had already established herself as a respected member of the hospital staff. At home, she had her loving husband, Kenji, who enjoyed frequent sex with her. And, today, she was wearing her favourite skirt at work, a knee length brown leather one, respectable but stylish. With her cardigan, smart flat shoes, and short black hair, she looked very attractive indeed.

One thing was annoying her, though. She needed to poo, and she just couldn't get the chance to go. When she'd tried to take a toilet break, the toilet was occupied. Now she'd come to the end of her shift, and it was closed for cleaning. Her husband was expecting her back home, so she might as well get down to the station and catch her train. Hopefully the station toilet would be open.

She walked briskly to the station, feeling quite uncomfortable, but nothing more. The toilet was indeed open, but there was a massive queue. They really needed to have more ladies' toilets. She tapped her foot and looked at the departure board. Her train was leaving in 2 minutes - certainly not enough time to wait and go - and she didn't want to leave her husband waiting by missing it and getting the next one. Oh, well. She was a tough girl. She could wait.

Her train was delayed a few minutes. She walked back to the toilets and contemplated queuing. The toilets were tempting, but that queue was moving very slowly, and the train wasn't delayed long enough. She clenched her bottom and walked back.

The train eventually arrived. By the time it did, the platform was packed, and she was squeezed up against many other people on the train. She entered the women's only carriage, hoping to avoid the creeps who took advantage of such unreasonably packed trains. As the train moved off, she held her stomach. She really did have to poo. She thought about how embarrassing it would be to let off a fart around so many other ladies. It was very tempting, though. The pressure on her bottom was quite substantial, and she shifted uncomfortably. Maybe she should have queued for the toilets and got the next train. She was going to be very uncomfortable by the time it reached her station. She was definitely using that toilet, however long the queue was.

Thinking of the toilet just made the pressure worse. She was really getting tempted to let out a fart to ease it, but she couldn't. She held her bottom with one hand and tried to think of her husband at home and what she was having for dinner tonight. It helped a bit, but her urge to poo was only getting stronger.

The train stopped. The announcer, obviously tired, informed the passengers:

"Unfortunately, due to works on the line, we shall be delayed for a short time..."

If Japanese had strong curse words, Dr Suzuki would have used them. If this delay was too long, she wouldn't be able to avoid farting, and embarrassing herself in front of all the other ladies on the carriage. And what if it wasn't just a fart...she shuddered at the thought of it. She couldn't poo her favourite skirt, in front of all these other women. An accident was simply out of the question. She clenched her muscles and tried to endure it as best she could. She texted her husband.

"Stuck on the train and bursting to poo! Not a good situation."

Kenji replied.

"That must be uncomfortable. Sorry."

"Yeah, it sure is," she replied.

"Are you sure you'll make it?" he replied.

Dr Suzuki blushed. Her own husband was considering the possibility that she'd have an accident. She was a strong, intelligent woman. She couldn't. She just couldn't.

"Yeah, I'll be OK," she replied.

Deep down, though, she wasn't sure she would be. At the very least, farting and embarrassing herself was almost certain. She strained as hard as she could to avoid it.

After far, far too long, the train started moving again. Dr Suzuki sighed in relief, and accidentally let a loud, stinking fart.

"Oh, I'm so, so sorry," she said, blushing scarlet. "I really need to use the toilet. I'm so sorry..."

The other ladies looked justifiably disgusted.

"Hey, aren't you Dr Suzuki?" said one of them, Ueda Kanako. "I saw you recently. You're really cool. Aside from that, I mean."

Dr Suzuki blushed even deeper. "Yeah..." she said. "I'm so sorry..."

"You don't need to be," said Kanako. "Accidents happen."

"I didn't have an accident," said Dr Suzuki. "I'll be OK."

She strained as hard as possible not to let another fart. She managed, but the stench of the first one was still around. This was total humiliation. But nothing compared to what she was to suffer.

Eventually, the train came to her station. Dr Suzuki got off the train, and scurried towards the toilets as quickly as possible. At the sight of the sign, another loud fart ripped through her skirt. She felt relieved that at least it wasn't messy. Her favourite skirt was still clean.

There wasn't a queue for the toilets. But she was dismayed to see why. The toilets were closed for cleaning. She grimaced in pain. She had no choice but to make the long, desperate walk home, and hope against hope she could make it.

She texted her husband again.

"Disaster! Toilets closed at station. Going to be a painful walk home..."

He replied.

"Are you going to make it home? It's OK if you don't."

She blushed. It might be OK with him, but it wasn't with her. She was a strong, tough girl, and she wasn't going to poo her favourite skirt. She didn't reply. She put her phone back in the pocket of the skirt she was desperately trying not to poo, and hurried home as quickly as possible.

The wind blew through her legs as she walked along the streets, and wind erupted from her bottom again. She was so, so lucky she hadn't followed through, but she couldn't take any more chances. Poo was starting to force out of her anus, and she was desperately straining to pull it back. So far, she was succeeding, but she couldn't much longer. By the time she got back to her apartment building, she had a hand pressed against her bottom and was sweating from the exertion. She'd never had to poo this badly in her life. She absolutely yearned for the toilet, but tried not to think about it too much for fear of letting go in anticipation. Why couldn't she have just queued back at the station? She wasn't so tough after all.

But she was. She was. She'd make it, just. That's what she told herself as she leaned against the elevator wall, trembling in exertion, another fart squeaking out of her bottom. She was only one moment of weakness away from poo dropping into her knickers, and then she knew she'd lose it completely. The elevator finally came to her floor. She staggered out, and towards her door. She'd almost made it...almost...she just had to get her keys...

She put her hand into her skirt pocket, her skirt she'd barely managed not to poo. She got out her keys...and fumbled them. They dropped on the floor. She knew she couldn't crouch down to get them. She'd poo if she did. She hammered on the door.

"Kenji! Kenji! I'm home!" she said, panicked.

Kenji slowly ambled over to the door, and opened it.

"Hey, babe, I -"

Dr Suzuki charged past him as soon as the door was open. As she did, she felt a loud, squelching fart erupt in her knickers. She was starting to poo, and she knew it. Poo forced through her anus and filled her knickers until it burst round the edges. By the time she got to the toilet, she just hiked up her skirt and sat down with her knickers on. There was barely even a point taking them off. She was pretty much finished. She slumped forward, feeling the weight of poo in her knickers, and burst into tears.

Kenji walked through and saw, and smelt, the disaster.

"Hey, babe," he said. "It's OK. You had a little accident. Whatever."

"I'm not a child..." said Dr Suzuki. "I'm a professional woman...this is so humiliating..."

"You're my little girl," said Kenji, stroking her hair. "How about I clean you up?"

"OK...fine...whatever...I'm a baby..." she said, still sobbing.

Kenji picked her up and put her across his knees. He pulled up her skirt, and surveyed the carnage. She really had needed to poo. Dr Suzuki felt Kenji's erection sticking into her hard. Did he actually...like this? Maybe this wasn't all bad after all.

"You did make a mess of yourself, didn't you, babe," he said. "Now, let's get you in the shower and washed up. And let's get me in the shower with you."

Kenji pulled off Dr Suzuki's shoes, then her socks, then her filthy knickers, then her stained skirt, then her cardigan, shirt, and bra. He then stripped himself, and led her into the shower. He switched on the water, and let it run over their bodies and wash Dr Suzuki's tears and mess away. Then he picked her up again, and this time penetrated her. Dr Suzuki whimpered in pleasure as he thrust, though it didn't take long for him to come. After he did, the withdrew, then pleasured her with his fingers until she came, too.

As they got out of the shower, Dr Suzuki felt a lot better about the whole affair.

"So...you like me pooing myself?" she said.

"Yeah," said Kenji. "You were so weak and vulnerable, and I could be the strong man to you. I love that."

"Cool," said Dr Suzuki. She wasn't sure if she wanted to try it again, but it was certainly an interesting experience.

