Tales of Wet Horror: Chapter 4: What Lurks in the Shadows

Author: Tyler Durdan

*000*2013-07-30 21:28

Tales of horror

What lurks in the Shadows

(Please note that everything said in this chapter is strictly in character and does not relate to what I actually think)

It was me, Ashley and Mia. Remember that sleepover I invited you guys over to last year? You don't ? That's because I didn't invite you. Suck it up. We were all sat around in the living room watching some idiot on YouTube, telling us what not to do in a horror movie. He was pretty good looking but whatever. Real life is not like horror movies. Anyway I was laying on the couch while the other two were laying on the floor, looking like lesbians. I swear they were gonna start making out any second. Eugh. I hate lesbians...They are

“Can we skip this bit? I don't wanna hear you complain” Cassie interrupted rather pissed off.

Fine. We were just lazing around watching this guy making a fool of himself and suddenly all the lights go out. Mia starts screaming and whimpering. She's scared of the dark. Eugh. I grab my phone and use that as a light source.

“Can you please get the lights back on?” Mia whimpered. At first I'm tempted to say that we can't get them back on and were gonna be stuck like this for the whole night, but then I'd have to deal with her constant bitching. So I use the torch app on my phone and start making my way to the garage where the circuit breaker is located. As I passed the stairs I heard this whisper. I don't know what it said, but I passed it off as the TV.

“Wouldn’t the TV have gone off since the power went?” Robin butted in.

I wasn’t thinking. I went into the garage and the circuit breaker was on the wall just beside the door. I flicked the switch and turned to walk back inside but stopped. I decided that I was gonna have a smoke first and opened up the garage door. I went out that way and lit one up. I starting puffing away and got a dirty look from the old lady next door. Stupid old witch. I flipped her off and finished my cig. I turned and began to stride back inside. I walked back to the living room and sat down next to the two of them.

I already knew what they had been doing. For once thing Mia's shirt was now a little stretched at the collar and Ashley was bright red. Need I say more? We went back to watching TV for awhile when suddenly we heard a voice coming from upstairs.

“I'm gonna go take a look” I said, knowing Mia was probably gonna start freaking out again.

“Wait! That guy on YouTube said you should never go anywhere alone or without a weapon” Mia yelled to me.

“He's just some nerd on the internet. What the hell does he know?” I snapped. I walked into the kitchen and the other two followed. I took a knife out of the drawer and handed them two weapons. He may have been some nerd, but he did have a point.

We made our way to the bottom of the steps and started tip toeing up them. I could feel Mia shaking behind me. Coward. We got to the top of the stairs and stood there, listening. We moved into my room first and started to check under the bed and so on. I suddenly felt something breathing down my neck and I turned, ready to stab it. But there was nothing there. I swear I felt something on my neck. We moved out of that room and made our way into the bathroom. I moved there because Mia was probably gonna shit herself. As we got in Ashley suddenly yelped.

“I just felt something breathing on my neck!” She started sobbing and I was starting to think she was gonna piss herself or something. Mia started hugging her and kissing her neck, trying to comfort her. I looked over to the mirror and saw something that made my stomach drop.

“What the fuck....” There was writing on it! Someone had written on my mirror! Do you have any idea how hard it is to get...what the hell was that? Anyway. The words on the mirror were “Piss yourself”

“Yeah. Like I'm gonna do that.” I said, and started walking back downstairs. I put the knife back in the kitchen and jumped onto the couch. I lay there waiting for the other two to come down. “Their probably back up there, molesting each other. I started ranting to myself. Maybe scissoring or whatever in MY house. Seriously, some people have no dignity. I mean come on. You don't just start going down on each other in other peoples houses.”

“I agree”

I suddenly heard a distorted voice, it sounded like it was being modified on a computer, yet it sounded real. I can't describe it. I sat up and looked around. I ran to the kitchen and grabbed the knife.

“Come out so I can shank you.” I threatened. I then realised just how long the other two had been gone. There's no way in hell they'd be up there that long. I yelled up to them “Hey! Dykes! Get down here!”

“Yeah you're gonna miss all the fun!”

That voice suddenly sounded again. It sent a shiver down my spine and I could feel someone watching me. Where was he? I looked around, looking in every nook and cranny, trying to find this creep. I couldn’t find him. I looked in every logical spot. I took another look under the couch and saw nothing

“Peek-A-Boo”

A hand suddenly shot out from the darkness and started to pull me under the couch. I screamed as I got closer, making out the outline of a face. He was horrifying. He had dark sunken eyes, pale white skin and horrible yellow teeth, stretched out in a grin. He kept pulling me closer and closer, I started trying to drag him out and he suddenly let go.

“Race you to your car?”

That voice sounded out again and I was already running there. I slid into the corridor that lead to the garage door and sped down it. “That'll teach him. Don't mess with track runners” I thought. I quickly opened my car and got in. I placed my key into the start up and turned. “How did he even get in? That was a freaky mask anyway. Swear to god I almost shit myself” I started talking to myself.

“Mask? What mask?”

I tensed when I realised where the voice was coming from.

He was in the back seat.

Everything went black.

I woke up surrounded by darkness. The only light was illuminating my chair. All I could see was darkness, he could be anywhere. I looked to my right and Mia and Ashley. He must of gotten them first and gone for me. I struggled only to find I was held to the chair by ropes. I looked to the other two and saw they had been crying. No way I was giving him the satisfaction of seeing me weeping. I'm gonna stop calling that THING a he. I'll call him an It. Because that thing was not human.

“Now girls. It's time for our main event”

I could only hear him. He could be anywhere. He'd perfectly blended into the shadows. I could feel his presence close to me, but I couldn’t tell where he exactly was. I looked up and that's when I saw him. He was stood directly in front of me with his face pushed up against mine. I yelped and pushed the chair backwards, sending me crashing down. The other two just kept sobbing. Pathetic. He picked up my chair and placed it back to normal. I couldn’t even see his arms, all I could see was his ghastly face.

“You ladies are going to do me a favour, and there's no way you can stop it. Piss yourselves”

I just stared at him. Was that it? Was that all he wanted? I started getting angry when I heard a grunt coming from Mia. She was trying to piss herself. Both me and Ashley just stared at the freak. She closed her eyes and clenched her fists, trying to force some pee into her pants. We all kept watching, trying to see if anything would happened. Then...she farted. Judging from the fact she suddenly went bright red, It was pretty obvious she did more than fart.

“I thought this was a pants peeing story?” one of the other girls asked.

Shut up. Mia looked down and start crying again and the smell slowly started to spread over to where we were sat. It was disgusting. I couldn’t see just how much she'd crapped, but it must have been a quite a lot. After than she just kept looking down until I saw urine dripping off the front of the seat and falling into a puddle on the floor. She didn't really have to pee, so there wasn't a very big puddle.

“Very good. That's one down. You other girls start pushing. I'll be right back.”

The ghostly pale face disappeared and Mia was pulled into the darkness. We heard nothing .It could of done anything to her. Me and Ashley looked at each other and decided we should probably start wetting. Ashley laid back for a second and a relieved grin appeared on her face. I looked down to her pyjamas and saw the spreading wetness. It had gone straight through the pyjamas and was easily spreading off the chair. I looked at her face and saw a childlike smile on her face. She was enjoying it! She kept peeing for a long time. The puddle was huge, reaching my chair.

“Looks like somebody was enjoying that one...doesn't mean you'll receive special treatment.”

Ashley’s chair was pulled away quickly, she screamed but was quickly cut off by this thing lurking in the shadows. It was just me. I decided that I may as well get it over with. I thought of the other two and took a big sniff of their urine before I felt my bladder relax and I started wetting myself. It flooded out of my black panties and spread along the floor, quickly combining with the puddle of Ashley. I felt a slight relief knowing this was finally over. My head snapped back as my chair was pulled into the darkness.

The next morning, we all woke up in the centre of the living room floor. The room stank of urine and shit after all out accidents. We all looked at each other confused. What did it want? Why did it do that to us? We'll never know. I never saw it again. I don't know what it was. Mia and Ashley went home quickly after that, not even bothering to change. I found a dvd in my dvd player. It had recorded the entire thing. But the weird thing is. The camera would have been in plain view of us.

“So that's that” Kim ended her story, pulling out a cigarette.

To be concluded.

Funfact: This was on my screen for the entirety of when my girlfriend was over. She never noticed.

*003*2013-07-31 10:18

{{: 

I'm liking this story. any chance of some more fear wettings, or even a messing from fear??

}}

Only the epilogue is left now. Maybe I'll do another story, but thats the end of this series.

*005*2013-07-31 19:09

{{: 

I read both of your short stories. Enjoyable to read well written enough smut, it gets a thumbs up in my book :D

Another one joins the ranks of fear accident fans.

}}

Wait, both? There's five of these.

