Sick Cheerleader

Author: Nimbus

*000*2012-05-20 02:23

Warning, contains messing. Single post story, if you enjoy my work, please check out "New Marauders"

I examined myself in the mirror for a moment. My dirty blonde hair tied in a perfect pony tail, my green eyes were surrounded by a thin layer of mascara and eye liner, my lips were coated with red lipstick, altogether my face was stunning. But more than that, so was my body. The v-neck of my red cheer-leading top gave a glimpse of my breast and just a hint of my black lace bra. My black and red pleated mini-skirt ended at my upper thigh, exposing my long, well toned legs.

My curvaceous butt was covered by thin golden colored panties, unlike the red shorts that most other girls wore under their skirts. I looked absolutely gorgeous I decided as we waited our turn to go out to the pep rally. Though I felt horrible. My stomach felt odd, I wasn't sure what was wrong with it, just that I wasn't exactly healthy.

"It might look a little more modest if you wore shorts beneath your skirt." An older cheer-leader commented.

"I'm not exactly modest." I replied.

"With a body like that she doesn't need to be." One of the chubbier cheer-leaders commented. I blushed, she was actually attractive herself, though she didn't seem to think so. I balled my fists, my alternating red and black nail polish poking into my palms as I stared at the black flat like slippers that covered my dainty feet. Finally we went out as my stomach began to churn. I brushed it off as nerves.

However, five minutes into the twenty minute routine my stomach was clearly upset. As we did double back hand springs I farted. Though I doubted anyone could hear it over the blaring music, I clenched my butt cheeks and noticed they felt moist, not just from the sweat that my body was perspiring either. I tried to ignore it as I did a serious of complicated routine moves, but I released another one in a cartwheel. The time a spurt of urine forced its way into my panties, darkening the panties. I gasped out loud as I prepared to be launched in the air. I felt my ass clench as suddenly feces threatened to burst through my anus. My face was red as I felt one log starting to slide out. Soon I was flying through the air, and I quickly regret the choice in no shorts, wondering if they would have hidden the wet spot or the bulge in my panties. Fortunately no one touched my groin region as the rest of the routine continued.

Unfortunately I continuously spurted into my panties, and yellow streams of urine ran down my legs. More scat filled the back of my panties as well. By the time I was suppose to be going on the top of the pyramid there were pebble sized puddles of urine here and there that no one seemed to notice and my panties seemed to sag from feces.

I followed a complicated set of movements probably spurting on a few girls but finally I was on top, and in a second my bowels exploded. A loud fart sounded as slimy trails of scat oozed down the back of my legs, some logs fell through the leg holes and down below me. Other cheerleaders shrieked as a golden stream of urine splattered on them as well as falling turds. I stumbled back and fell onto some padding. I wasn't seriously hurt, but the impact sprayed feces from my panties sending logs of scat out and around me. Instantly my urine formed a puddle around me much to the disgust and amusement of others. I quickly got up and limped out, crying, more feces falling to the ground as urine dripped from my panties.

*002*2012-05-20 05:52

{{: 

Another great story ^-^

}}

Thank you:)

*004*2012-05-20 07:18

{{:

Very enjoyable story, though much too short! I would have enjoyed a longer story, still beggers can't be choosers.

}}

Thank you, I would have made it longer but I couldn't come up with a plot and I since the sickness made it all sort of sudden I couldn't drag on any desperation so I had to make do.

*006*2012-08-16 01:34

{{: 

Not a fan of messing but, I love the desperation of messing and even having the accident, just don't like to see it. The wetting along with the messing predicament she was in was excellent. Well done.

}}

Thank you once again:)

*009*2012-08-16 21:07

{{: 

I've honestly been in situations like this while cheering (although thankfully, I never messed myself). Although the story was short, it was very descriptive and good. I'm not into messing very much, but I found this amusing.

}}

Glad to hear you haven't messed yourself, that would have been mortifying D: Thanks, glad you think so :)

{{: 

Ya know, I kinda caught the hint that this would involve messing on the basis that the title had the word "sick" in it.

Anyway, I'm glad to know that I'm not the only one who likes it when a girl messes herself, though I would like it better if the mess was a more runny and liquid-like type. I'd also like to see the mess coming out. :D

This is a very nice story, indeed. Actually, you just inspired me to do a story about a nurse messing herself on the job. :D

}}

I'm honored to have inspired something out of anyone:) Thanks for the comment :)

*015*2019-01-11 04:39

Wow it's certainly odd to see my older work getting any attention. Granted as long as it's been since I've written all of my work is kind of old I suppose. Thanks for the kind words everyone.

{{On 1/7/2019 at 10:59 PM, Jimmy Olsen said:

Short but sweet!

I enjoyed the detailed description of the main character. Her accident at the top of the pyramid is a great mental image (but not so great for the girls below).

I don't know what kind of sickness this cheerleader has but it's a little too convenient that she loses both bladder and bowel control (and all in the space of a few minutes). It seems to me this should've either been a wetting scene or a messing scene, not both.

}}

You're right, if it was just sickness it probably should have been restricted to one or the other (likely messing). I don't super remember writing this (or rather I don't remember it at all) but I imagine I really wanted to write a scene where a cheerleader wets herself and a scene where she messes herself but didn't want to write two separate scenes. Shame, might have been interesting to do a short series on a cheerleader with bathroom troubles.

*017*2019-01-11 07:11

{{1 hour ago, Alex Oxford said:

Hey, it’s never too late

}}

Probably not. Unfortunately my computer is currently on a cycle of factory resets and crashes so until I get a new one I don't feel safe writing anything new. The big bummer is I do have a few stories on a flash drive that are unedited but I can't finish because of the computer situation and I really don't feel comfortable moving them to a public computer to work on.

