Yuna's Stuck Zipper

Author: Poowrite

*000*2013-01-06 05:03

Scribbled together rather quickly. I hope you all enjoy it.

###

“Are you hungry?”

“What?”

“I can hear your stomach. You should get something to eat. No telling when we'll find another sphere,” Shinra spoke without turning to face her, so he didn't see Yuna's frown.

“Can you show me the one we just found,” Yuna asked. Her stomach was rumbling, and audibly. A sort of wet growl issued from her lower abdomen and she shifted her weight from her right leg to her left.

“Not yet. It was pretty fuzzy. It will take a while to clean it up and get a picture.”

“You'll let me know when we can watch it?”

“Yes.” Yuna's stomach rumbled, and she shifted her weight again. “Go get something to eat.”

“Yeah,” Yuna agreed. She stepped away from Shinra's console. Her boots clicked against the metal floor as she made her way up the stairs and into the lift corridor. She pressed the button to call the lift, and let out a soft moan of discomfort.

Shinra had been wrong about the sounds coming from her stomach. Yuna didn't need to put something in, she needed to let something out. The urge had come on suddenly a few minutes after she, Rikku, and Paine had returned to the Celsius following a successful sphere hunt in Mount Gagazet and refused to let up. It was starting to get bad, and she tapped her foot impatiently as she waited for the lift.

She stepped inside when it finally arrived, and pressed in the command that would take her to the cabin. The lift shifted, and began to move. Yuna felt a sharp cramp in her lower abdomen. She shook her head and let out a groan of discomfort. The pain doubled her over, it made her squirm in place in hopes of somehow loosening the knot in her stomach.

She hoped she wasn't coming down with a stomach bug. She couldn't afford to be stuck on the toilet if another sphere popped up. Or worse, get caught short in the middle of a fight in some ancient tunnel with nowhere to go but her hot pants. A bubbling gurgle issued from deep within her bowels. If the lift didn't hurry up, she might find herself in that situation now.

The lift at last reached the cabin, and Yuna hurried out. Barkeep greeted her with a wave, and she offered a pained smile in return. She was getting more desperate, and could feel her sphincter quivering as it struggled to hold back the load. It was as if her body knew relief was near, and so had sent the contents of her colon on the fast track toward daylight.

The bathroom wasn't far from the lift, but by the time Yuna stepped in and shut the door behind her she felt a cold sweat trickling down her spine. Her stomach felt tight, as if everything inside her had been pulled into a compact knot. She clenched as tightly as she could, but she could feel her anus getting loose. She was on the verge of losing control, but her salvation was in sight. She flicked the lights on and made a beeline to the toilet in the back of the bathroom.

Frantic fingers worked the button of her hot pants loose on her way to the toilet. She stood just inches in front of the bowl, and could feel herself starting to dilate. She bit down on her lower lip, struggling to hold on for just a few more moments. She grasped her zipper's tab between her thumb and forefinger and pulled down.

It didn't budge.

She tugged again, but the zipper refused to move. She looked down, her brow knotted with desperation. A flap of denim from her shorts had caught in the teeth of her zipper, and the brass chain had bitten down hard. “No,” she moaned, giving the tab a hard yank first down, then up trying to free her shorts.

“Come on... come on,” she pleaded. The zipper refused to budge. An icy sweat had formed in her palms, and made it impossible to find a good grasp on the tab. Her stomach rumbled. It was a loud, wet gurgling noise that issued from somewhere deep within. Her body seemed to be asking what the hold up was. She felt a knot forming in her side, and a tremendous weight pressing against her exhausted anus. Her bowels would void themselves soon, and there was nothing she could do to stop it.

She slid her thumbs into the waist of her shorts. It was a tight fit, and she could feel the circulation being cut off. She didn't care. She pushed down as hard as she dared, but the denim hugged her hips too tightly. Like her zipper, the shorts refused to budge. Her bowels rumbled again. Yuna bent her knees as she squeezed her sphincter with all her strength. The cold sweat dotted her brow now, but her efforts were for naught. She could feel herself opening back there.

“No, no, no...” she whined softly. She grabbed the material stuck in her zipper as close to the teeth as she could and pulled, jiggled, and wriggled trying to work it free. The teeth refused to let go, like a big dog with its favorite toy.

When it finally happened, it was very sudden. Her sphincter relaxed involuntarily, and her anus opened like a broken floodgate. Everything came out in a hot, mushy rush. The mess was heavy and formless, and Yuna felt like she was expelling thick applesauce. It poured from between her shapely cheeks in a single unbroken stream.

Her hot pants couldn't expand, and so filled up very quickly. She felt the hot mess rushing across both cheeks as it piled up in the seat of her shorts. It expanded across her bottom like a balloon, forming a layer of sticky mush between her skin and the cotton of her panties. It flowed up her backside, filled in the crack between her cheeks and oozed out across her tailbone.

It was too soft to stay in her shorts, and she felt it squeezing through her right leghole. Thick, brown chucks of wet poop slid down the inside of her thigh before separating from her skin and falling to the ground with a soggy splat.

It felt so good to have it all rushing out of her. The pain in her stomach subsided as the mess was evicted, the knots loosened and the dreadful ache of fullness eased. When the flow began to slow, she gave a push. It was too late to worry about ruining her clothes now, and she simply wanted to make sure she was completely empty.

The mush slowly got thinner and wetter. It wasn't long before Yuna was voiding pure liquid. It was thicker than water, but there was nothing solid in her waste. She felt it pouring down the backs of her legs, the insides of her thighs, down her knees and into her boots. It felt very much like peeing from the wrong hole, like her backside was the mouth of some great waterfall.

Yuna had no choice but to stand there and let it happen. Her mouth hung agape. She couldn't believe what had just happened. Her shorts, full of feces, felt so heavy. The hot mess shifted around as she moved, she could feel it rubbing against her.

She was standing there in her own waste, trying to decide what to do when she heard a door open. It only took her a moment to realize that she had forgotten to lock it behind her.

“No! Don't come in!” she cried, but it was too late. Rikku was already standing in the bathroom, her green eyes wide as she surveyed the mess coating Yuna's legs and the ex-summoner's slightly sagging shorts. At least Rikku had the sense to close the door before Barkeep peeked in and caught Yuna too.

“Uh... everything okay, Yunie,” Rikku asked after a few moments of awkward silence passed between the two.

“I couldn't hold it,” Yuna blurted. “I was sick, and my zipper...” her voice trailed off. Her face felt like it was on fire. She could only imagine how red she must be. Her head hung in shame. “I can't believe this happened.”

“Oh, don't worry about it, Yunie,” Rikku said, trying to encourage Yuna with a cheery voice. “It happens to the best of us, especially when we're sick. Here...” Yuna watched Rikku's hands reach down. They grabbed hold of the denim caught in her zipper and Rikku pulled hard. Her face grew pink with effort, but she did finally manage to get the denim free. Rikku gave Yuna a gentle push toward the shower. “Go take your clothes off, and then we'll get you cleaned up.”

Yuna nodded, and waddled toward the shower. Thick, heavy globs of poop fell to the ground with a sick splat as she walked, leaving a trail behind her. She pulled her zipper down, her shorts and panties followed.

As she squatted to unlace her boots, she heard a muffled hissing and looked up to see Rikku sitting on the toilet. The blonde shrugged. “I had to go,” she said sheepishly as her urine splashed loudly into the bowl.

Yuna finally got her boots off. She set them aside with her ruined pants. She didn't know how she'd ever get them clean, but she needed to worry about herself first. “Would you hand me some toilet paper, Rikku?” She looked up to see her friend shaking her head, and running a bath towel under the faucet to get it damp.

“Toilet paper isn't gonna do it, Yunie. And you're not gonna be able to get clean by yourself. Turn around.” Yuna realized what Rikku was planning, and her blush deepened.

“Rikku, no. I can clean myself. I'll just take a shower...”

“Nope, I'm gonna take care of you. Besides, there's a lot of... it stuck on your bottom and between your cheeks. It might clog the drain if we don't wipe you first.” Rikku made a circular motion with her finger, indicating that she still wanted Yuna to turn around. She resisted at first, but in the end Rikku won out and Yuna found herself with her messy bottom facing Rikku and her hands braced against the wall.

She felt something warm and damp slip between her cheeks. The towel was coarse and uncomfortable against the sensitive skin between those two half-moons, but Rikku was gentle as she brought the towel up, scooping out the crap stuck between Yuna's cheeks.

“You really made a mess, Yunie,” Rikku teased. Yuna watched Rikku use the towel to carry a handful of mush to the toilet and drop it into the bowl. The blonde returned, and gently wiped away the mess clinging to Yuna's bottom and legs. She wet a clean portion of the towel, and scrubbed away the liquidy stuff that had started drying and caking to Yuna's legs.

When she'd finished, Rikku dropped the messy towel into the hamper. She grabbed Yuna's ruined clothes and deposited them as well. She closed the hamper and picked it up.

“Rikku, no! Let me clean them,” Yuna asked, but Rikku was already shaking her head.

“Nope. You need to take a shower and a nap and get better as quick as possible. What if we find another sphere? You don't wanna go hunting with diarrhea. What if this,” she holds up the hamper, “happens in the middle of a hunt? In front of Leblanc or her goons?” Rikku shook her head, as if to say she wouldn't let that happen. “You let me worry about cleaning up, you just worry about getting better.”

Yuna smiled. “Rikku... I owe you one.”

*004*2013-01-08 20:02

{{: 

Not a comic. A videogame. Final fantasy X-2.

}}

Indeed. Sorry, I figured everyone was familiar with the setting and so didn't bother setting it up ^^. Thanks for taking the time to read it, and letting me know what you thought of it. I'm glad you enjoyed it.

{{: 

Hey, it's Poowrite! Nice to see you again.

}}

It is Poowrite! I'll take it being nice to see me as a good thing :). Hope you enjoyed the story...

