Kinky Camp

Author: Zero_4793

*000*2022-10-31 07:28

(This is using alternate versions of the same characters. In this case anthro versions. Basically multi verse variants)

Kineta and Arnia run ahead of the group, bouncing along with excitement. Kineta’s tail wagging and Arnia’s thighs rubbing. “I’ll race you there” shouts Kineta before racing ahead, her yellow shirt fluttering in the wind as she sprints ahead. Arnia stops for a moment, squeezing her hand between her short shorts. She then pulls her green hoodie down a moment, before following Kineta a few paces behind.

At the back stroll Yasu and Manas. Yasu’s feathers flutter in the gentle breeze as he smiles and stares ahead, zoning out of his conversation with Manas as he watches the girls run ahead. Sunlight shimmers off of Manas’s scales. Manas trails off as he notices Arnia hold herself. “Think it’s time for a break…” after no response from either Yasu beside him or Valora ahead he speeds up his pace and calls out “Hey Valora, I think we should take a break”

Valora and Reiki just ahead of Manas and Yasu, but far behind the racing Arnia and Kineta, turn around at Manas’s call. “I disagree, it’s just a bit further to our campsite” responds Valora. “Yeah… I can keep going” interjects Reiki. Valora turns back around and continues forward, her long tail swaying behind her. Reiki follows beside her, his thick tail almost dragging along the ground as he holds his crotch.

The six of them continue onwards, the others catching up to Arnia and Kineta as they stop to catch their breaths. Manas scoops his arm behind Arnia, getting her to continue moving. She squeaks and hops forward, holding herself as Manas leads her onwards. Yasu stops and waits for Kineta to start walking again, then he walks with her.

The trickling of water can be heard as they approach the stream by their campsite-to-be. Arnia stops and squirms, holding her crotch tightly. Reiki stumbles with his hand between his legs, unable to stop as the larger Valora holding his hand continues forwards. “V..Valora, umm, may I pee?” Reiki asks timidly. “Just a minute, then yes” Valora responds as they cover the last hundred meters to the site. Kineta bounces excitedly having reached their campsite, before squeaking and quickly grabbing her crotch. She glances back at Yasu in shock for a moment, before turning to a cheeky smile. She unhands her crotch and continues strutting on.

“God, I have to pee” exclaims Valora as she drops her pack onto the ground, resting it against a log. She stands and stretches with the weight off her shoulders. Manas and Yasu drop their bags next to hers. Arnia Reiki and Kineta head over to the group. Kineta turns to Yasu “Can I mark our campsite now? Please. Please. Please.” she begs bouncing on the spot, barely restraining from holding herself. “May I pee miss?” Reiki asks Valora. Arnia merely looks at Manas with pleading eyes.

“Yes… on that tree there” answers Yasu. Kineta runs off in that direction. “This way” responds Valora, taking Reiki’s hand and leading him away from the group. “Not yet” denies Manas. “Buh, but they get to go. Please sir, I have to go!” she cries out. “Not yet” Manas repeats sternly.

Once at the tree Kineta drops her shorts, they fall around her ankles revealing her but and legs to the open. Manas turns to watch, joining Yasu who was already watching. After being denied, Arnia bounces on the spot and turns to watch Kineta also, questioning her decision as watching Kineta get relief only increases the pain of her bladder. Kineta spreads her legs, lowers her hands in front of her, and can be seen swaying side to side as her golden stream sprays the tree. and some pee drips down into her shorts.

A short distance away from the group and behind a tree, Valora lowers her shorts and squats. Reiki squirms Infront of her “Please miss, can I pee now?”. “Not until I am finished” Valora responds as she begins to from a puddle in the dirt at Reiki’s feet. “Sorry, I can’t hold it!” as Reiki pulls his cute willy out of his pants, still facing Valora. “If you pee before I finish, you will get a spanking mister!” Reiki tries to hold it, but drops begin to come out. Valora grabs and turns him away just as he gives in and begins streaming. “I’m sorry, I couldn’t hold it, I failed you”. Still squatting and peeing, Valora pulls his pants down a little further and begins to spank him as he pees.

As Kineta finishes marking the tree, the final trickle runs down her leg. She jumps and shakes before pulling up her shorts, turning around as she does so, briefly flashing her pussy to the still watching Yasu, Manas and Arnia. Arnia winces and turns back to Manas, pulling on his shirt. “Please sir, I’m about to burst!”. Manas turns her around, drops her shorts and lifts her up into his arms. She squeaks and begins to release as she is lifted into a lawn chair position, her pants around her knees, his hands holding her up by leg and bum. She leans her head back against his chest as she moans in pleasurable relief, drenching the dirt far below her, and being watched by both Yasu and the returning Kineta.

Valora finishes peeing, but doesn’t get up or stop spanking Reiki till he is finished. Reiki holds onto Valora’s knee for support as the spanks move his whole body, his penis bouncing and stream stuttering. Once reiki finishes, he wipes a tear from his eye, and turns towards his mistress, stepping into her puddle and smiling as he scrunches his toes in the puddle. Valora pulls up his pants, stands up and puts her hand on his shoulder. Reiki kneels into the puddle and begins to breath heavily as he is faced by her pussy. She pushes his head forwards, and he begins to suck her pussy.

As Arnia finishes she opens her eyes and smiles. Manas gently returns her to stable footing and pulls up her shorts, but not before Kineta gets a cheeky look. “Feel better baby?” asks Manas. “Yes daddy!” chimes Arnia jumping on the spot. “Tag you’re it!” calls Kineta to Arnia moments before running off. Arnia gets startled, but begins to chase after Kineta.

“So, I guess we should start to…” Manas gets cut off, he and Yasu look into the forest where they heard a moan. “I’m gonna check that out” says Yasu, walking in that direction before waiting for a response. “Guess, I’ll setup up then” says Manas under his breath. Manas begins to unpack as Yasu walks into the trees, he stops when he spots the moaning panther being eaten out by her kneeling otter. He watches quietly. Once they finish Reiki stands up with a line of liquid down his shirt, still liking his lips, and Valora pulls her shorts back up and pets him. They head back to the site, they meet Yasu along the way “So, you watching us again?” asks Valora playfully. “Yeah…” responds Yasu.

Once back the three of them begin helping Manas. “Oh, get your buts over here you two” Shouts Valora at Arnia and Kineta. They stop and obediently come over to help. The six of them chat and joke us they unpack and setup. They only have the tents and fire left to do when a couple complain of hunger, so they decide to get the fire going for dinner first, and work on the tents after.

“Arnia, Kineta and Reiki, please collect wood and leaves for the fire. Yasu and Valora, please put up the tents”. The little ones run off and begin finding wood and leaves for the fire, Yasu heads over to start on the tents. Valora looks at Manas “What will you do?”. “I shall collect the rocks and construct the fire”. They part ways and carry out their jobs. When the three return with their first delivery for the fire, Manas spots Arnia squirming, but says nothing.

As Arnia and Reiki search for more twigs and such, Kineta walks over to a tree beside them. She pulls the leg of her shorts to the side and begins to pee. Arnia and Reiki both stop to watch, each holding their crotch. “Shit!” Kineta voices as she wets her shorts, the pee is pouring out the bottom, but not before drenching the front of her yellow board shorts. “Welp, whatever” she sighs, stands straight letting go of her pants and giving up as she finishes relieving herself in front of the other two, completely wetting herself.

Whilst out collecting rocks, Manas stops by a tree to relieve himself. He pulls out his massive dragon cock and begins to soak the trunk of this poor tree. His stream so strong it pulls off some bark.

Once Kineta finishes, she turns around to face the others, chuckling and blushing, her front clearly damp, and her pant legs still dripping. Arnia and Reiki laugh with her. Reiki gets up and walks around Kineta to the same tree. “I was gonna try the same, but it clearly doesn’t work” he laughs as he pulls out his willy. The girls watch as he pees on the tree.

Once the pair have finished putting up the first tent, Yasu turns to Valora “I’ll be back, just gotta pee”. She nods as he walks away to a tree. Once he returns, they continue on the next tent. Yasu spots subtle signs of Valora needing to pee “You can go too if you need”. “Nah, it’s okay… I’m saving it for Reiki”. “Oh, okay” he chuckles and blushes.

As Reiki finishes and flicks his willy dry, Kineta turns to Arnia “You’re next”. She shakes her head, despite clearly needing to go as she bounces on her foot. “What, why not?” pushes Kineta. “I can’t without permission”. “Wait really?” chimes Reiki “Even Valora lets me go when I want most of the time.”. “Yeah, that’s not fair” continues Kineta. Arnia responds “Really it’s fine” she blushes “I like holding it” as she grinds the heel of her foot.

Now with all the rocks and most of the wood, Manas begins constructing the campfire. Valora and Yasu finish off the second tent. Kineta and Reiki bring back the last of the wood and leaves, then begin to play. Arnia makes her way back to Manas, holding herself desperately.

Manas looks up to see Arnia approaching “There you are, oh. Are you okay?”. “Daddy, I have to go potty…”. “Oh, that’s okay darling, you may”. She looks back at him blankly for a second before shaking her head. “Arny baby, it’s okay, I give you permission, you may go potty” he says placing the last of the materials and reaching for the lighter. “I… I don just need to make piddles… I need to make pushies” she says holding both sides. “Well, that’s okay, the toilet paper is over there with our stuff, just find somewhere away from the tents” He says comfortingly as he lights the fire. She nods and hesitantly makes her way over to grab the toilet paper.

Kineta and Reiki run over once they see the fire growing. Valora and Yasu having finished erecting the tents, head over to the fire, to socialise and begin cooking dinner.

Arnia looks into the woods, then sheepishly heads back to Manas. She shakes her head again “I can’t”. Manas gets up and takes her hand, “Okay sweety, I’ll take you” he leads her away and behind some trees. She pulls back on him as they approach. She winces and whines. Manas crouches down to her “What’s wrong Arnia, you have to make pushies don’t you?”. She nods, pauses, then timidly replies “I don’t want to, I, I can’t”. He pets her head “Oh baby, you scared to go pushies here?”. She nods. “Okay then, this way.” He stands and takes her hand. She looks at him confused but follows. Farts escape as she follows, her thighs tight together. Manas sits on a log near the fire, he pats his lap. Arnia squirms clearly at her limit, but makes her way onto his lap. She looks up at him with curious and pleading eyes.

“It’s okay princess, you shouldn’t have to go potty in the woods, you may go now…” she looks at him confused, still squirming “you may go here” he smiles and hugs her. The others look over, curious and excited. Arnia shudders as a shiver runs down her spine, goosebumps cover her skin, she leans forwards, her eyes roll back. Crackling and smushing can be briefly heard. She gasps and sits up straight again, looking back up at Manas. He simply smiles back sweetly. Arnia smiles, closes her eyes, leans into his chest, and resumes giving in. Crackling, hissing, tooting, moaning, a choir of relief fills the air around the crackling campfire, everyone else stops what they are doing and go silent as they watch this unfold. Arnia’s rear clearly expands. She rocks back and forth between pushes, moaning, sighing, digging her face into his chest.

Her pants ruined, his pant legging growing damp. Her relief slows down, she takes a deep breath, opens her eyes, and smiles at Manas with a bright red face (see blushing through fur?). “Good girl, Arnia” praises Manas. Arnia smiles and breathes heavily.

Kineta bounds over “haha, you went poopy”. Arnia looks at her awkwardly, then notices everyone looking at her and the mess she just made. She buries her head in Manas’s chest. “It’s okay darling” assures Manas. “Yeah silly, we don’t mind… it was kinda hot” says Kineta. Arnia looks back and sees all the same eyes, now accompanied by pleasant smiles, she smiles back and giggles. “I went poopy”.

After a bit of a laugh, everyone goes back to chatting, moving on from Arnia’s incident, Manas whispers in her ear “Would you like me to clean you now?” she nods and kisses him. Manas lifts Arnia into his arm and stands, holding her legs up to avoid anything falling out. He takes her away to behind the tents, grabs what he needs, and prepares to clean his darling girl.

“Clean that up please, Reiki, foods almost ready” requests Valora. “Sure thing miss, right away” Reiki gets up and heads over to clean the puddle by the log Manas was on. Valora smiles towards Reiki with a sweet smile that turns mischievous. She bounces as she switches legs to stand on, her red dolphin shorts hiking up as her legs cross.

After burning off most of her energy, Kineta makes her way over to Yasu and sits beside him. Yasu wraps his wing around Kineta “You’ve gotten me quite horny today, Kinny” he chuckles. Turning to him, resting her hand on his bare feathered chest “Oh?” with lewd playful eyes “Shall i…?” glancing down at the crotch of his navy trousers. He nods as her eyes meet back with his.

Pulling down her shorts, Manas is confronted with quite the mess. He wraps her soiled short shorts up, but cannot completely contain her mess. Standing there bottomless with wet legs and a bum caked in shit, Arnia holds her hands Infront of her crotch and giggles “Sorry dada”. Manas simply smiles at her as he puts the mess aside and begins to wipe her down, starting with her thighs.

Once finished cleaning, Reiki jumps up “I’m done!” he turns to Valora, looking at her expectantly. “Well done, Reiki. Now, another job for you” she responds as she begins plating dinner. He smiles and nods “Yes miss” before making his way over to Valora. She begins to instruct “I have my hands full so-“, he interjects “I can plate the food for you”. “No Reiki,” she resumes “Please lower my pants”, he looks at her with lewd excitement “Again already?” he chirps. “Not quite” she smirks back. As he begins to lower her flowy shorts and maroon panties, revealing her bare pussy, she continues “then lay down on your back”. With her shorts and panties around her knees, Yasu gets down onto the ground below her, she spreads her legs and gestures him under her. He lays down on his back, body between her feet.

Kineta rubs her head in Yasu’s feathery chest before sliding down onto the ground, kneeling between his feet, she begins to unbutton his tenting trousers. Yasu slides forwards, placing his hands on her head. With his trousers unbuttoned, she unveils his cock, leans forwards, wraps her maw around it, and begins to suck. Rocking back and forth, her tail wagging, as she excitedly licks and sucks his cock. He massages her head, neck, and shoulders as she moistens his cock with her saliva. Kineta’s bladder is not yet full again, but the sensations that run down her body beg her to relax, given her already wet shorts she gives no second thought and gives into the feeling. 

As she licks up and down Yasu’s shaft she releases a trickle of pee into her yellow board shorts, it runs down her pant leg and pools at her knees. Yasu moans as he reaches climax. Kineta leans forwards, lifting her bum up and feeling the last of her pee run down her legs. Yasu holds her close as he cums, filling her maw with his juices. Once done, he sits back, she sits up, and begins swallowing his plentiful semen.

With her thighs clean, Manas lays Arnia down onto a clean patch of ground. He lifts up her legs and begins to wipe her pussy clean. Arnia giggles as he positions her, and as he begins to wipe. But her giggles stop and turn to moans as his wipe send tingles through her body. It feels so good, her body warms, closer, its right there, just about, gonna, gonna-. He stops, just at the brink. Her pussy is clean, except from a little moistness from the excitement. He moves to cleaning her bottom, the final bit of mess to clean. She whines from the frustration of the edging. She tries to reach down to finish the job before the moment leaves. He grabs her hand and prevents it “No sweety, you only make cummies when daddy makes you”. “hmmph” she turns her head and frowns with watery eyes as the feeling fades and turns to dissatisfaction.

With Reiki below her, and the dinners just about done, Valora begins to squat. But she stops when she spots Kineta giving Yasu a blowjob. Despite needing to pee, and having an eager otter below her, she stands back up to watch Kineta and Yasu. “Please miss” whines Reiki. “Just a min-“ a twinge in her bladder, she instinctively half squats as a spurt comes out. “Okay” she chuckles as the spurt splashes into the dirt just above Reiki’s head, he tilts upwards and pokes his tongue out playfully trying to catch it. Valora smiles at him and squats fully, losing sight of the others. She moves her pussy over his face, lifts her head, closes her eyes. And. Relaxes… She begins to sigh, he begins to moan, her stream fills his mouth swiftly, he splutters as he fails to swallow fast enough. Pee spills out and dampens his cyan shirt. She grinds back and forth, pissing onto his neck, his face, and in his mouth.

Having swallowed all his cum, Kineta stands up “Your turn” she smiles, still breathing heavily. “Indeed” smiles and nods Yasu as he reaches forwards, eyeing her damp shorts, he puts his hand on her damp crotch, feeling the wetness of the fabric, then pushing, feels the softness of her labia. He looks into her eyes and smiles as he rubs the wet fabric over her pussy, caressing and exploring her camel toe he made. She goes to open her mouth, but before she speaks, he slides off the log chair and gets kneeling in front of her. She closes her mouth and smiles as he begins to lower her shorts. With the pants around her ankles, she steps one foot out to spread her legs. He leans forwards and begins to suck her pussy, licking up and down her lips, tasting her sweet scent. She rests her hands on his shoulders, holding herself up as the sensations weaken her legs.

As the frustration of near orgasm fades, Arnia feels another sensation take its place “Um, daddy…”. “Yes darling?”. “I still need to go” turning her face away embarrassed. Still wiping her rear clean he responds “Ok sweety, go then”. She waits a moment, he continues cleaning, her body shivers as a wave hits, she manages to hold it in “uh, aren’t you gonna move?”. “No its okay, you may aswell go now before I finish cleaning”. 

She smiles, but waits for the next wave. It isn’t long, barely a minute and the next wave tingles her body, she closes her eyes and moans as she gives in. Wiping the cloth deep down her crack to get the last of the poop, he stops as her anus puckers. A stream shoots out from her pussy and covers his arm, a log begins to emerge, crackling as she pushes more. Manas lowers his hand below her anus to catch the log. Her poop slides out onto the cloth in his hand, her pee runs over his arm and down her leg. She sighs and pants “I’m done”. Manas disposes of her poop and resumes cleaning her.

Valora’s sighs turn to moans as her stream slows and Reiki’s tongue probes. Reiki now drenched chest up and having swallowed the last of her piss, begins to explore her vulva with his tongue, searching every fold under her labia. His pants dampen slightly as his mouth begins to fill with more of his mistresses’ juices. Valora grinds his face harder as she approaches her climax. Reiki feels the intense pressure, his arms reach up and hold her waist. He sucks and nibbles her clit. Valora roars out as she squirts, filling his mouth once again. He splutters, but swallows. His dick leaks more pre in his pants and twitches as he nearly cums.

Kineta shudders as Yasu eats her out and his soft feathers brush her sides. Goosebumps cover her skin as she leaks juices onto his tongue. Her legs wobble “fuu- ck yesss!” she gasps “don’t stop.”. The pair hear Valora’s roar, but ignore it. Yasu slurps her fluids happily, continuing to lick thoroughly. Her ears flutter and tail wags as she approaches orgasm. He rubs his feathers up and down her thighs, she shudders and stumbles as her legs are tickled. She howls loudly as she cums, squirting over Yasu’s tongue and onto the ground. She stumbles back and falls on her arse, Yasu catches her to soften her fall. She continues to shake and squirt at him as she lays on the ground. He pokes out his tongue to catch her last few squirts. Kineta flops flat, her yellow shirt slowly rising and falling with her deep breaths.

Manas and Arnia both turn their heads as they hear Valora’s familiar roar. Arnia whines and looks at Manas with pleading eyes, her bottom now clean, just her pussy wet from arousal. Manas looks her in the eyes and thinks for a moment. Then Kineta’s howl can be heard, Arnia glances towards the sound, then back to Manas “Please daddy!”. “Oh, okay” Manas smiles and chuckles lightly. Arnia cheers and giggles, going to reach her pussy. 

“No” he says as he lowers his pants. Arnia’s eyes gleam with excitement. She retracts her hand, and giggles in anticipation. Manas flops out his enormous penis, and leans forwards, dangling it above her. She reaches out to touch it, like a baby to a cot toy. Manas lowers himself and rests his cock on her, it reaches from her pussy to her belly button. On all fours, he sways forwards and back, rubbing it up and down her lower body, across her labia. Arnia giggles and moans as Manas grinds his cock over her. His dick too big to fit, but too small to hug completely, leaves Arnia holding it awkwardly as it rubs against her.

Valora moves back, kneeling and lifting herself off Reiki, hovering above him. He gives her a giddy and faint smile. His hands move to touch her pussy as he swallows the last of her squirt. Valora runs her hand down his cheek and neck, he shivers and kisses her hand. Valora stands, pulls up her pants, and finishes with dinner. Still warm thankfully she thinks to herself. Reiki stays on the ground a little longer, regaining his composure and breath.

Yasu gets back to his feet. “Thank you Kineta, that was wonderful”. She smiles at him and reaches out her hand. He lifts her up to her feet. She leans into him, hugging tightly and rubbing her face against his soft chest. Her pants still around one ankle. Spotting Valora standing back up, Yasu steps away from Kineta and does up his trousers. Kineta follows his line of sight curiously, and spots Valora, she casually bends down to put her shorts back on, now damp and dirty.

Arnia’s entire body shudders as she orgasms, squirting against Manas’s cock. Manas caresses her soft, nearly flat chest as she wets the underside of his penis. Her legs wrap around his cock, her hands grab onto his arms. She opens her mouth expectantly moments before Manas begins to cum. Manas begins to ejaculate vast swathes of semen over her chest and face, only a little makes it into her mouth, the rest covers her and drips down onto the ground. Her orgasm nearly ending picks up again as she is covered in dragon semen, squirting more down his shaft.

Valora spots Yasu having just buttoned his pants, her eyes move to Kineta’s rear. She enjoys the view as Kineta bends over before putting her shorts back on. Valora looks back down at Reiki, smiles, and helps him to his feet. “Thank you, Reiki,” she pecks his cheek. He smiles, bows his head, and blushes “Thank you miss”. “Let’s serve dinner before it does get cold” says Valora. Reiki nods and grabs some plates. The two of them walk over to Kineta and Yasu.

“Looks like you pooped yourself too” chuckles Reiki. Kineta turns around slightly startled, “What?”. “Oh, well the dirt on your shorts…”. Kineta looks down “Oh yeah” she giggles and brushes a bit of dirt off. As she looks back up “Looks like you had an accident too… But, on your shirt?”. Reiki pulls his shirt out to look at it and giggles at how soaked it is, then looks up to Valora beside him and smiles. Kineta just smiles and nods. Just as Valora and Reiki go to hand the plates to Kineta and Yasu, the four of them are startled by a squealing, then roaring, then more squealing. Kineta giggles “Guess they weren’t quite left out after all”. Reiki joins her giggling as he and Valora hand over the meals. The four of them sit down and begin to eat.

Arnia plays with Manas’s slowly shrinking shaft as he cleans the copious cum off of her. Wiping her all down once again. Once finally clean, the pair get to their feet. Manas puts his trousers back on, Arnia stands nude Infront of him. Her green panties and brown short shorts thoroughly soiled, her green shirt and his purple shirt both used to clean up the messes. Manas dresses her back in her oversized hoodie, while standing it reaches just below her poofy bunny tail. They dispose of all the mess and dump the clothes to wash later. They head back to the group.

Yasu is the first to notice the topless dragon and bottomless bunny approaching, he elbows Kineta. She looks up and smiles “Did you have fun?” before they can answer “Sounds like you did”. Arnia turns away blushing, her hands crossed in front of her, holding her hoodie down to cover her crotch. Manas nonchalant responds “Indeed we did, sounds… and looks, like y’all did too” he smiles, surveying them, spotting the wet and dirty clothes. Manas and Arnia collect the food. Manas gives Yasu an understanding nod and smile as he sits across from him. “Up here sweety” says Manas as he pats his lap. Arnia hops onto his lap. She digs into her food, no longer holding her hoodie down, unaware all can see her thighs and bum, Yasu having direct and only view of her pussy.

“Miss, I need to pee”. “Not until you finish your dinner Reiki”. He squirms and continues eating. “Daddy… I have to pee too” tilting her head back, looking up at Manas. “Same rule baby, finish your dinner first”. She smiles and exaggeratingly squirms her but on his lap. Yasu smiles as he watches from his prime viewing spot. Kineta leans into him “Well I have to shit” she says playfully. Yasu looks at her “Well once we’ve finished dinner, I’d love to come watch, but of course you don’t need to wait.”.

She looks at him, then the others, as she thinks. “Actually, I kinda want to shit myself.”. everyone looks at her. “Really?” Arnia smiles. “I don’t know that I want to clean that, sorry” apologises Yasu. Kineta looks at him disappointed but understanding. “That’s okay, I’d be happy to clean you” smiles Manas. Her eyes light up “Really?”. “Of course”. She smiles and shivers in her seat. After a moment of everyone watching expectantly, “Well not right now… not here… … Wait, can I just go here?”. The others nod, “Sure” says Manas. She shivers again, rubbing up against Yasu “Well still, I’m just gonna wait till it comes out, I don’t want to push”. “Oh, I love that feeling” chimes Arnia.

One by one they each finish eating. “May I pee now miss?”. “Yes Reiki” smiles Valora. Reiki gets up from his seat. Valora grabs him “Where do you think you’re going?” she says sternly, with a defying smirk. “You, you said I could-“. “I said you could pee, I never said you could leave.”. “Oh, where then, just pull out here?” he questions timidly. “No, in your pants mister.” As she pats the log beside her. He jumps back onto the seat and wiggles his but back. He smiles at the watching group as he tries to relax. 

After a moment of nothing happening, except for Arnia’s squirming, she asks Manas “Can I pee too, it might help Reiki”. Reiki smiles at her, then at Manas. “Sure sweety, that sounds like a good idea.”. Arnia looks at Reiki as she tries to pee. He resumes trying too, though a bit distracted by her. In just a moment piss begins to shoot out from her pussy, between hers and Manas’s legs before splattering on the ground. She smiles and giggles at Reiki as her steady stream continues. Yasu watches happily, with his wing around Kineta. It takes a little longer, but eventually Reiki does begin to pee, the wet spot grows on his cyan shorts before pee is seen trickling down the log below him.

Arnia spots Yasu’s enchanted stare, she instinctively shuts her legs together, immediately she pulls them apart again as she realises she’s still peeing. She whines and regrets her reaction as now her pussy has started aiming her piss to the side, now going down her leg and Manas’s. She squirms as she tries to stop the flow, but is unable, her pee wetting her legs and soaking his pants. Manas accepting his wet pants puts his hand between her legs and begins to play with her bare pissing pussy.

Kineta feels another wave of pressure, her fur sticks up as her skin goosebumps, she doesn’t push, and she doesn’t hold. Just letting out a cute little moan as her poop turtlenecks out her anus, stopped by the seat of her pants and the log she is still sat on. Yasu holds a curled wing in his crotch as he notices Kineta’s shivers and continues to watch Arnia’s wet pleasure.

Reiki sighs as his bladder is emptied, leaving him sitting in wet pants. Valora holds him close, resting his head on her breast. He smiles contently, his legs giving a little energetic shake. His wet pants tent slightly from his arousal, but he makes no fuss, enjoying the sensation.

Arnia squirms and moans as her stream of piss turns to squirting. Manas’ large hands: soft skin on the underside, soft scale on the back, make great work on her petite pussy. He rubs her labia thoroughly. Kineta and Yasu both continue to enjoy their view. Valora and Reiki now looking over too.

Kineta leaks a dribble of piss into her shorts as the waves of pressure to poop continue. As her logs slowly push against the wooden log she still sits upon, her waves of pressure become waves of pleasure.

Reiki slowly tries to slide his hand to his crotch, before he reaches though, Valora takes his hand into hers. Her gentle glance down confirming the denial. He continues to watch the others as his member flexes against his pants, wishing for stimulation.

Arnia gasps and writhes against Manas’ hand. The sensations are exquisite. Eventually she orgasms again, blanketing their thighs in her juices. As she flops back down on his lap, catching her breath. Manas brings his wet hand up to her mouth to lick clean. She does so excitedly.

Whilst Kineta experiences another valley in her pressure, she stands up and looks at Yasu and his lap. He hesitates but nods, putting his wings out to embrace her. Kineta turns around to sit in his lap, but first doubles over as another wave hits prematurely, she moans as her first log begins to crackle out into her shorts, her bum in Yasu’s face. She continues to plop her rump onto his lap mid messing. She leans forward against the embrace of his wings as she continues to soil herself. Piss and shit now escaping her rear rapidly. Yasu holds her against himself, gently thrusting against her warm squishy rear in an attempt to cum. Kineta pushes her butt back into him and grinds as she tries to cum also. Brown piss now running down her legs onto the ground, they both begin to cum, Yasu jazzing in his pants and Kineta squirting in her mess.

The others all watch intently as this all unfolds. Hugging each other as they feel the cool breeze on their wet laps, and hear the exquisite moans just across from them. Then the smell hits. Kineta and Yasu finish cumming, and sit mostly still in their embrace as Kineta finishes with her final pushes.

“Guess it’s time to clean up and get ready for bed” organises Manas. Reiki whines quietly, and looks up at Valora longingly, she simply smiles as she shakes her head, before pushing lightly on his back to prompt him to stand. He does so. Manas lifts Arnia off his lap “To the river everyone” he orders casually. Arnia pouts slightly at not being carried and watches as Manas goes over to lift Kineta out of Yasu’s lap. Kineta smiles as she is lifted up into a wedding carry. Her raised legs preventing her mess from coming out onto the campground. Arnia however has turned around and started heading to the river with a slight pout.

Valora is first to the river, leading Reiki by hand. Arnia and Yasu trotting along behind them, Yasu waddling slightly with the gross state of his crotch and the inability to fix it without getting his feathers messed up.

Arnia grumbles quietly to herself, then looks back to see Manas carrying Kineta, she feels her body heat up, a wave of jealousy rushes over her. She turns around and continues stomping down towards the others in the river. As she walks, she pictures the messy Kineta in Manas’s arms, and she slowly begins to realise why… So her poop doesn’t go everywhere, Yasu can’t carry her, so either Manas or Valora have to. She’s still grumpy, but quits her grumbling as she begins to strip with the others.

Once Manas arrives with Kineta, the other four are already in the water and all but Yasu are naked. Yasu is only waist deep, holding his wings up, and still has his pants on. Manas enters the water downstream of the others, slowly lowering Kineta into the water, her mess all flooding out and washing down stream, she giggles and hugs him. Manas heads up stream towards Arnia. Kineta strips and washes a bit before heading over to help Yasu.

Kineta plays with Yasu’s member as she helps wash him, rubbing her bare body against his. Valora washes Reiki lovingly, intermittently rubbing his penis, teasing him. Manas now back over with Arnia begins to wash her, caressing her head to toe.

Once all are clean, they head back to the fire to dry, standing there and admiring each others bodies, as the fire crackles, and the cool night breeze blows over their warm skin they begin to yawn. After a short while they all turn in, heading to their tents for the night.
