Mieruko chan fanfiction

Author: Asuna.bed.wet

*000*2022-01-23 19:07

This is a fiction about the anime "Mieruko-chan", English isn't my main language so please be compassionate.

Attention for those who know the original work: probably except for some events the story will deviate particularly from the original one, just think of the fact that in this version Miko does not have a brother (Kyousuke) but a sister (Keiko), obviously I will try to keep the elements of wetting on the train and of the bed (which I will change into a futon for those interested), good reading.

Chapter 1: "True Fear Stories".

Contents: Allusions to bedwetting, pissing in the toilet.

Main characters: Miko (Stoic future medium), Keiko (Miko's little sister).

Note: Low content, you can skip it if you don't care about the storyline.

"Eeeyahhh" A girl screamed with tears in her eyes after seeing a kind of ghost similar to the well-known Samara from the Ring novel series come out of the refrigerator.

"Scary isn't it?" Said a mustachioed man in traditional clothing.

"Oh, a lot!" A girl dressed in pink pajamas next to her answered.

"And these things are 100% real, dear viewers, after all the show is called True Scary Stories!" The man said looking into the camera and then continued: "Tell me, what would you do if you were the one who found yourself in that situation?" addressing the girl beside her.

"Hmm what a difficult question ... I think I would probably ignore it hoping not to wet myself!" The girl replied, looking up at the camera after reflecting on it with her head down.

“Oh ho, a very common answer! well now the next clip, it looks like the next one is going to be so scary that even the cameraman is passed out, so try not to make spots or spoil appear wherever you are sitting!

(-sschwump-)

“Miko! Have you clogged the shower drain with your hair again? " Said a girl in a T-shirt and shorts in her early teens after she left the washroom door with the towel still on her head while she rubbed her brown hair.

"Huh? I don't think so, however, there is that show you wanted so much to watch on TV, True Scary Stories. ”A yellow-eyed, black-haired teen girl with bizarre purple tips replied, she was wearing teal pajamas thin enough to reveal. the contours of undergarments.

"Ah, I wanted to see it," Said the younger girl slinging on the sofa and then adding: "Who are you chatting with?".

"I'm chatting with Hana," Miko replied.

"Huff! Big sister, you drank both cans of cola ... is it late, are you sure you'll be able to fall asleep? And one of them was mine anyway!" The younger sister said with a tone between angry and playful.

"Oh ... sorry, I was lost in thought, do you want me to go to the vending machines on the corner?" The older girl apologized.

"No, it doesn't matter, I wasn't thirsty anyway, I was saying it for you, anyway ... very hydrated and with the thought of the ghost program ... you don't want to wet the sheets while you sleep?" Said the younger sister in a more playful tone.

“Eeeeh, thanks for the concern Keiko but no need to worry, rather how is YOUR bed-wetting problem? Ah sorry sorry Keiko I was lost in thought ”Miko with an amused tone replied to her teasing with another and then apologized immediately knowing that it was bothering her.

“I haven't wet the bed in years! You should know ... "Keiko said after blushing strongly,

Her problem was unknown to anyone outside her family but she had stopped wetting the bed only two years before except for some occasional event, which bothered her because she liked being considered great especially by her big sister who always seemed to her so mature and stoic, she had certainly never seen her have an accident.

Half an hour after the sisters started watching the broadcast.

(-Click-)

The front door opened after being unlocked and a woman very similar to Miko, only older, walked in with an envelope in her hand.

"Mom! You scared me!" Keiko said after hugging her older sister.

"Moment of tension ruined," Miko thought and then greeted his mother: "Welcome back mom, How was your day at work?

"All right except my colleague who kept calling me for every nonsense, he's new but if she keeps calling me Touko from here and Touko dillà I'll think she has a crush on me hahaha ... sorry, you girls instead? Did you eat?" Touko asked hoping not to have bored his daughters.

"All right mum, I've finished the essay for sociology!" Keiko replied boasting.

"And you Miko?" Touko asked smiling.

"Everything ok ... Yawn ..." Miko replies to be interrupted by her own yawn and then said: "ah I'm tired I'm going to sleep because tomorrow I'm going to wake up early and see me with Hana a little before school" And then she got up from the sofa.

"Remember to brush your teeth and go to the bathroom, after all, that cola!" The younger sister almost shouted.

"Ahaha, Miko looks like you have a new big sister!" The mother said smiling at Keiko and then added "Goodnight darling see you tomorrow!" This time addressing the older sister.

(-Psssssssssssssss-)

"Ahhh" Miko sighed after emptying her bladder, as she went she wondered if she ever wets the bed for not going to the bathroom before sleeping, but she stopped thinking about it immediately after drying and pulling up her white panties and pants. pajamas.

"Ah, Keiko must have leaned against the mirror ... strange it's very high up, did she do it on purpose?" Miko thought as she erased fingerprints on the bathroom mirror she had distractedly noticed after getting up from the toilet.

Weekly Wetting / Messing Incident Statistics:

Miko (0/0)

Keiko (? /?)

Touko (? /?)

Supernatural Powers:

Miko (?)

End of Chapter 1

*001*2022-01-23 19:29

Chapter 2: "Hana's intestinal crises" Part 1 of 2.

Content: farting.

Main characters: Miko (Stoic future medium), Hana (Miko's Best friend), Yuria Niguredo (schoolmate)

Note: for those not interested in the content, this chapter can easily be skipped, I added it because I like these themes and because it starts to "explain" why Hana eats a lot, good reading!

"Miko, did you get the umbrella? Forecasts say it will rain today! " Touko told his daughter just before she walked out the door to go to school.

"Don't worry mom, according to the weather I should be able to get back before it rains and in case I will borrow one or buy one at the general store" Miko replied to his mother's concern, and then add. "I'm going then, good day "Then put on your shoes and walk out the door.

"I hope not to get my uniform wet..." Miko thought contemplating his clean clothes, she was wearing the classic school uniform with a Havana cardigan over it.

Immediately after her sister came out, Keiko ran down the stairs almost stumbling and still barefoot walked out the door with tangled hair, and then yelled "Good day" to her sister and ran inside immediately after meeting the eyes of the neighbor who was taking out the garbage. and she had the dog on the leash, she was certainly embarrassed to go out in her pajamas.

"Good day my daughter" apparently also Miko's father had woken up and had wished his daughter a good day but she was too far away and was not heard.

Miko smiled at the scene and picked up the phone to ask Hana if she was out but noticed that she still hadn't answered her good morning.

"Huff, a classic of Hana, how will that girl not get fat if she eats and sleeps all day..." Miko thought.

(-riiiing-)

"Ah, I'm awake!" Said a girl of medium height but with ridiculously proportioned breasts dressed in pink pajamas with rabbit embroidery and above all two big ears the room was full of rabbits, the pillows, the bedspread, the furniture, and even the walls and the bed. the roof had a hint of Rabbit.

"Hana from the voice seems to have woken up now, forget about seeing us earlier to go to the cafeteria, hurry up otherwise you will be late and Mrs. Arai will think you wasted time having the third breakfast!"

“But Miko, I haven't even done the first one !!!, okay, I'll eat and I'll be there! I will definitely arrive in time! "

Hana is Miko's best friend, unlike her, however, she is much more expansive and sunny, she has short orange hair and purple eyes, this girl, however, has a problem, she is always incredibly hungry, let's say she is used to doing more than six meals a day.

"Honey, do you want more cake?" The mother told Hana as she buttoned her school shirt with one hand and ate a huge piece of cake with the other, she was struggling though, obviously, it wasn't the cake that was too big but her breasts, she was making a huge effort to being able to insert buttons with one hand.

"No mom, please more scrambled eggs, actually forget it, I'm late!" Hana said before finishing putting on her blouse and swallowing the last bite of cake.

"Okay honey but remember to eat something before school or they'll send you back to the infirmary for a stomach ache!" She reminded her of her mother and then added: "Remember to close your backpack well and fasten your skirt, you don't want to lose it on the street ..."

"Yes mom, thank you, then I'll go, said Hana, adjusting her bangs and putting on her X-clip while looking at herself in the mirror at the entrance.

(-GRRRRRGLE-)

A gurgling loud enough to be heard throughout the living room was emitted from Hana's body just before she put her hand on the handle to open the door.

"Honey today are you a little gassy or are you just hungry again?" Hana's mother asked eagerly.

"Oh mom, I probably just have to go to the bathroom, apparently the cream of the cake and the orange juice don't get along ..." Hana said a little embarrassed with a hand on her stomach.

"So go, you don't want to have any nasty surprises during the day, right?" she promptly advised her mom.

"Hmm no, you'll see that I'll be fine, I don't want to be late and interrupt Mrs. Arai's lesson, you know she's close to going to maternity, see you later bye-bye!" Hana said as she walked out the door.

"Oh my poor girl, I just hope it doesn't make laundry more difficult for me," Hana's mother thought.

(-boing-)

"Boing?" She thought she heard Miko as something soft hit his back.

"Hana, be careful, I could suddenly move!" Miko said in a flat but amused tone.

"Ahh, you're bad, and then how did you know it was me?" Hana asked pretending to pout.

"From the softness ..." Miko said looking at Hana's imposing breasts that almost came out of the neckline of her white blouse and then greeted her: "Good morning Hana"

"Morning Miko, Ohh it's meme-chan!" Miko said pointing to the dangling doll on Miko's backpack, "next time I'll go with you to the shop to get a new Lam-Rab keychain!"

The sound of the bell interrupted them.

"Come on Hana or the teacher will get angry," Miko said closing the cabinet where she had put the history book and walking towards the class.

"Actually I ..." Hana was about to speak but was interrupted by ...

(-growllgrrrgle -)

...Her own gurgling.

"Don't tell me you skipped breakfast..." Miko said knowing what would happen to her friend in that case.

“Oh no I ate a lot, especially scrambled eggs, and” Her friend interrupted her: “Ok then, you'll see that you'll be able to resist.

"Actually I..."

(-whack-)

Hana was about to explain her problem to Miko but something hit her waist-high.

(-pbbrrth-)

Which led to an involuntary release and redness of Hana's cheeks.

The sound, however, was covered by a voice: "Sorry, I'm fleety", the voice came from a short and petite girl with reddish eyes like the ends of her hair which, however, were blond carefully gathered in two pigtails thanks to clips with a mushroom motif.

The girl, without waiting for an answer, resumed walking with her legs slightly bent inwards.

"She probably has to go to the bathroom," Miko thought.

(-sniff-)

"Or maybe more than probably..." she thought after smelling a peculiar smell.

"Come on we are late," said Hana who had immediately left the place of her little crime and, trying to pull away her friend too, grabbed her by the sleeve and dragged her into the classroom.

Weekly Wetting / Messing Incident Statistics:

Miko (0/0)

Hana (0/0)

Yuria (?/?)

Mrs. Arai (?/?)

Supernatural Powers:

Miko (?)

Yuria (?)

Hana (?)

End of first part of Chapter 2

*002*2022-01-23 19:58

Chapter 2: "Hana's intestinal crises" Part 2 of 2.

Contents: farting, pantypoop, mention of diapers and of bedwetting.

Main characters: Miko (Stoic future medium), Hana (Miko's Best friend), Arai Sensei (Miko and Hana's teacher), Yuria Niguredo (Shy and mysterious schoolmate)

Note: for those not interested in the content, this chapter can easily be skipped, I added it because I like these themes and because it starts to "explain" why Hana eats a lot.

Good reading!

Miko and Hana's lessons progressed slowly as the teacher explained the plot of a fiction classic that made most of the students yawn and gaze at the cloudy sky outside the window.

In the bowels of Hana, however, the climate was much more than stormy:

(-fssshht-)

She tried to let the air out as discreetly as possible but she could not do anything about the smell, every time she released something she felt a slight burning sensation and discomfort, she had to go to the bathroom but there were still 10 minutes to the end of the hour and she could not apologize without interrupting the teacher's explanation, not that she was shy but she felt she could do it, after all, she had resisted for a long time, she just had to hold on a little longer, of course, she was sure, especially with the last flatulence of having stained her pink panties, "Luckily we don't have physical education today" she thought, as well as "I hope Mom will be understanding" and "I just hope it doesn't get worse".

“Hey Hana, are you okay? Your face is pale ”Miko asked seeing her friend in pain, she began to suspect that hunger wasn't the only problem.

"Oh, Miko don't worry... it's okay I just have a bit of indigestion" Hana replied with her voice softer than her usual gritty tone.

(-grrlrrrglgle-)

She felt she had to release a "last one" to resist but could no longer find ways to mask the hypothetical noise, she had tried to move the chair, to drop and leaf through the notebook but above all to unwrap some snacks (which she ate anyway to away of her compulsive hunger even while she was sick) but that were now over, making her sorry for having nothing to munch on until lunch.

"What do you have to go to the infirmary and go to the bathroom?" She advised Miko to her friend now that she had confirmed her suspicions, she would have commented on the smell of stale air despite the windows opening to ease the tension but now she couldn't.

"But Miko, if I say that then Mrs. Arai will think I just want to sneak out to eat lunch on the sly," Hana whispered.

"An emergency is an emergency, I'm sure she will understand, otherwise I'll tell you I'm sick and you will accompany me" Miko whispered back.

"But he'll think you're covering me!" Hana said and then bent over the bench in pain trying to hold everything inside.

(-click click click-)

Miko who sensed what was about to happen, struck by her friend's stubbornness of not wanting to interrupt the lesson of their pregnant teacher, began to close and open the switch on her pen to draw attention to herself.

The other students who saw a Miko with a more boring expression than usual began to do the same, hoping to make the teacher understand that she was exaggerating in his personal considerations on the novel, consequently a good noise began to form in the classroom.

Hana, however, did not pay much attention to it, she was holding back with all her strength in the throes of gurgling when at the end:

(-ssshhchrrtch-)

A wet fart spread in Hana's pink panties that between the blush and the shining eyes she was about to start crying but looking around she saw that no one except Miko was looking in her direction, her friend looked at her with a smile as she made noise with her pen, the others did it too but it was already enough to let out a tear of emotion towards her friend, there were still 2 minutes left, however, and Hana was resigned to being discovered for the smell and being pointed at or teased, at least for the week to come, for those who had messed up alone in the hour of literature.

(-click click click-)

"But in short ... aren't you interested in the author's darkest period?" Mrs. Arai said indignant at the behavior of her students, but then continued: "I understand, maybe I shouldn't have talked about my bloodline with him and that stamp ... okay I'll leave you a few minutes before, the lesson it's over but for tomorrow I want to know what you think of the first 6 chapters! "

Between complaints and leaps of joy, everyone left the classroom except of course Hana who did not want to get up for obvious reasons, Miko who still did not know the "conditions" of her friend, and the teacher who was resting after over an hour with a pregnant belly. standing while rummaging in a duffel bag.

"Come on Hana!" Miko said extending his hand towards her.

"I can't ... if I get up it will splash on the ground ..." Hana said with tears in her eyes.

Miko suppressed an "eww" of disgust.

(-grogrrgle-)

"Maybe I shouldn't have eaten the sixth bean cream snack ..." Hana said giving her friend an embarrassed smile as she thought she was still hungry inside.

"But think a bit ... now come on you have to get up, soon other students will arrive and you have to go to the bathroom before it's really too late" Miko scolded her.

As Hana was about to get up ready for the dirty liquid that crawls down her thighs, Mrs. Arai stood up with her bag over her shoulder and pulled the door to the side.

"Girls I couldn't help but listen to your little problem, let me help my poor students" having said that Mrs. Arai handed Hana an opaque plasticized package, turned around, and as she went back to the desk she took a breath of fresh air at the window.

The package contained a pair of "absorbent panties" thick enough to be recognised as a diaper.

"Hana quick put it on and let's go" Miko advised seeing her friend think about how to use it while she touched her with a red face, of course, she was very blushed too, she wondered if her teacher had certain problems or if it was due to pregnancy.

Hana remaining in balance with her legs apart to let the least flow as possible, she got help from Miko, while she held the back of the skirt to keep it from getting dirty. she raised one leg at a time to make her wear the absorbent garment.

"Pwuah, now I can breathe" Miko exclaimed after she finished helping her friend, she turned to the teacher who while she pretended to look at the smartphone was looking at them amused, which made her smile too.

"Thank you Arai Sensei," the two girls said in unison as they made a small bow.

“Miko this thing is huge! I have to hold it through my skirt or it will fall to the ground! " Hana whispered as they headed to the bathroom, she certainly didn't want to call her benefactress teacher plump but she didn't want to be discovered by the boys in the hallway either.

"Just try not to trip by keeping your legs so wide," Miko said observing her friend's funny gait.

The two arrived in the bathroom, Hana was about to have a complete accident this time, the walk towards relief had not done her mind or her agitated bowels any good and there was too much silence in the corridor to be able to release crackling farts.

“It seems to be empty commented Miko”, “Yeah, luckily Hana replied with a sigh and leaned her hand on the handle of the stall further down.

(-blart-)

Hana had tried to restrain herself so as not to further humiliate herself in front of her best friend but despite her tight buttocks a nice juicy fart managed to get out messing up her panties and protective clothing with an explosive sound.

"Ah Miko, get me some clean panties!" Hana said to play down and because she knew that maybe only her mother would be able to remove the stains she was wearing now, let alone her in a school bathroom.

"And where should I find a couple?" Miko asked.

"I'm in my locker, the combination is my date of birth," Hana said only to be assailed by new bowel's cramps.

As Miko came out of the bathroom, two other girls entered, Miko thought for a moment that they had followed them but seeing that they were holding two water bottles, they were probably filling them up for the hour of physical education.

"Date of birth ... trivial Miko thought as she walked with a smile thinking about the luck of her dear friend who had not been seen by anyone, probably any other girl would have made fun of Hana but she would never have done it, she promised herself Miko in her heart, she was always a kind girl who didn't deserve this suffering.

Miko walked at a brisk pace trying not to lose too many notions of the next lesson and in a short time she found herself with Hana's new panties in her shoulder bag, she felt a slight sense of excitement and fun in seeing the panties in question, this is because she had seen the dirty pair helping her in class first and noticed that it was the same type, namely pink underwear with a bunny face on the back. “At least this rabbit hasn't changed color,” she thought amused but with a serious and impassive look as she headed towards the bathroom.

(-click-)

Meanwhile, in the bathroom, Hana had opened the door and with her eyes closed from the pain and had entered, without realizing, however, that someone was already in the bathroom.

(-ssssh-)

It was the end of a hiss that made her notice it, she turned with his hands holding his belly and saw a girl with wide-open eyes, it was the same girl who had bumped into her in the corridor, she recognized her by the hair tied by the mushroom accessories, only who now had her panties down and was minding her own business in the bathroom.

Normally Hana would have gone out immediately and apologized but at that moment the sound of closing both doors of the other stalls echoed in the bathroom, probably the two girls crossed by Miko had to relieve themselves.

"Hmm listen ... you could make me use the bathroom ... you know I have a little emergency" Hana whispered to the girl who, however, was not listening to her, she was completely paralyzed, she did not understand how it was possible that she hadn't closed the stall.

(-braaaft-)

Hana's wet and pasty fart combined with her look of despair brought Yuria out of paralysis, slowly she got up without even pulling up her white panties with red mushrooms that did not allow her to move quickly, seeing her slow Hana removed the hands with which she was holding clutching her buttocks and holding the diaper and almost lifting her weight, she pushed her aside.

"Uwaa .... what are you doing!" Yuria, who did not expect it, released the part of the bladder that she had not been able to empty after Hana entered directly into the lowered pantyhose and panties, fortunately, it was only a short flow.

(-splat-)

Unfortunately, raising her arms and squeezing her legs had made Hana's dirty "diaper" slide down, but Hana didn't care and with her panties still on she sat on the toilet to get it over with right in front of Yuria.

(-shrrlshlt plaarrt-)

"Ahhh" Hana exclaimed after the latest semi-solid release in the panties.

"Normally I would never dream of putting panties under the pull-up, you know that right?" Yuria said in a low voice contemplating the absorbent garment at her feet while in order not to smell the smell she had put a hem of her blouse over her nose.

"Ugh ... you're right, the teacher gave it to me after I was already messed up ..." Hana replied, she was very embarrassed and wondered why that girl hadn't come out of the bathroom but was staring at her, but the joy of breaking free was so much greater than her embarrassment that if she didn't care, the same was true for herself.

For Yuria, however, the situation was so surreal that she thought she was dreaming, she would never have expected to see a girl who shit in a pull-up at her age, and above all that she did not chase her away while she emptied in the toilet.

(-flufshhhh-)

The sound of the toilet flushed by one of the two girls brought her back to reality.

"I mean, as you can see, I'm not wearing a diaper," she said pulling up the underwear still at knee height and then continuing: "I meant at night", to explain better she had sunk herself even more.

"I get it," Hana said, surprised to see this silent girl who had been watching her impassively become so talkative.

While Hana apparently ignoring her involuntary confession tried to reach for the toilet paper Yuria burst out, by now she was totally back to reality, her face became so red that I start to shake, so before fainting on the spot she decided that it was better to run away, probably both girls had gone out, she no longer heard any sound besides her and Hana, it was time to escape.

(-click-)

"Wait what are you doing !?" Hana said seeing that Yuria was opening the door while she was still in "those conditions".

Yuria did not stop, by now her face had passed the concept of blushing, it had become almost purple, which stood out even more because of her pale complexion.

"Please don't tell anyone about my bedwetting problems!" Yuria said and then came out of Hana's stall.

Speaking of viola, Miko had come to the bathroom after seeing the two girls come out and had come in to help her friend.

"..." Miko and Yuria stared at each other motionless but then the latter with a totally mortified and tearful face ran away, passing to Miko's left and almost crashing into the wall, leaving behind a trail of tears.

"Hana, I brought you the change," Miko said slightly shaken by what had happened.

Later Hana would explain to her and Miko thought: “Poor thing” and then went back to class with her friend with her panties now clean (and very hungry) after going to the bathroom herself.

Weekly Wetting / Messing Incident Statistics:

Miko (0/0)

Hana (0/1)

Yuria (?/?)

Mrs. Arai (?/?)

Supernatural Powers:

Miko (?)

Yuria (?)

Hana (?)

End of Chapter 2

