The Late Student and the Sadist Teacher

Author: Skirt Accident

*000*2020-09-08 13:44

I read an article about a Chinese teacher making late students write an extremely complicated character 1000 times as punishment. Apparently he let a female student go after she begged for mercy after 200 times...but what if he didn't, and she really had to pee? Wet and messy knickers would be the inevitable result!

WARNING: This is pretty hardcore humiliation, though there is some comfort at the end of it.

Zhang Xiaodong put a lot of effort into preparing his lectures, and he did not like it when his students were late and missed them. In particular, Li Xiuying irked him. She was by far his sexiest student, with a beautiful face and flowing black hair, and she turned up today in a sexy little black skirt...10 minutes late.

"I'm sorry, professor, but my boyfriend -" she tried to explain.

"I don't care about your fucking boyfriend," he said far from professionally. "Unless you're physically unable to come here, you will turn up on time. And I have just the lesson to teach you about punctuality."

Li Xiuying looked in absolute shock that her literate professor would use such language. He was rather handsome, she noted, but she'd never had any kind of feelings for him. It just wouldn't be right. She quaked in fear of what was to come. She knew she wouldn't be sexually assaulted, but...what else might happen?

"Do you know this character?" he said, pointing to the character describing a noodle dish. "58 strokes."

"...no, I don't," said Li Xiuying, holding back her tears of fear to keep her dignity. "What is it?"

"It's for a dish called biangbiang noodles," he said. "It's an excellent dish, you should try it sometime. But what you have to do first is write that character. 1000 times."

"But...but...you can't make me do that," said Li Xiuying. "I'll be here for hours!"

"Oh, yes I can," he said. "Now get down to work. The faster you do it the sooner you'll be gone."

"May I make one request?" she asked. "Could I have some black coffee to keep me alert?"

"You may," he said, smirking. As a big fan of desperation, he was already imagining what would happen once it had worked through her system, and she was going to be here for a while... As she walked over to the coffee machine and made herself a big cup, he gazed at her legs and imagined what she was wearing under her skirt. Whatever knickers she had on, those were probably going to get wet...

Li Xiuying sighed and got down to work, carefully writing the character. Even once was an effort, and she had to do it 999 more times. That smug cunt was sitting there smirking at her too. How could such a gorgeous looking man behave like this? She cursed quietly at him under her breath as she worked. 2 characters, 3, 4, 5...how was she ever going to finish?

But she carried on, and slowly the page began to fill with more characters. Her soft hand was getting tired already, and she was only 100 characters in. Worse still, her coffee had started to reach her bladder, and she had to pee. With 900 characters left. This was going to be agony.

By the time she reached 200 characters, she was in unbearable pain. Her bladder was swelling under her skirt and she was shifting in her seat trying to distract herself from it. She couldn't imagine writing the next 800 characters without...without...the very thought of disgracing herself made her shudder. He'd mention it to the whole class, she knew it, and then she'd be utterly humiliated forever. It was partly her fault too, why did she drink that coffee? Maybe she could appeal to his sense of mercy...

"Teacher, I...really have to pee..." she said. "Please let me stop, I really promise I won't be late again, just let me pee, please..."

She clutched her bladder under the desk with one hand to demonstrate.

"No," he said. "I said you have to write 1000 characters and you will write 1000 characters. That's the deal."

"But I have to pee now," she said. "I can't hold it for hours more."

"So you're going to wet your skirt?" he asked.

"Well...if you don't let me go..." she blushed. Tears brimmed in her eyes as she desperately tried not to cry.

"Well, you'll have to shower when you get home then," he said. "Carry on."

Li Xiuying just couldn't believe what she was hearing. She was going to be forced to wet herself in her seat. There was no way she could hold it for the hours it would take to write 800 more characters. Maybe it would be better to just wee and get it over with. But she couldn't let go, she couldn't...the humiliation...

Her body gave her no choice. By the time she reached 300 characters, her bladder finally began to leak. Spurts of pee moistened her knickers, and tempted her to let out more. She whimpered from the pain. Fortunately her black skirt was concealing her accident, but she would soon have to let go. Her sphincter was absolutely exhausted. As she wrote the 400th character, a warm spurt soaked her knickers and dripped onto the back of her skirt. She was losing control. Tears flowed down her cheeks as she squirmed to avoid a total accident, but it was too late. Spurt after spurt burst through her knickers, flowing out of her skirt and spilling off the chair. She moaned in shameful relief as the pain drained from her, then bawled in humiliation.

"Keep on working," said Zhang Xiaodong, reclining in his chair. "You can shower when you leave."

Li Xiuying was sobbing in her piss puddle and not even halfway finished. She would be there for hours and hours and hours, sitting in her wee with her hands aching. She had never been this utterly degraded in her whole life. But she had to go on. She kept on writing more and more characters. Her wet skirt clung to her legs and her knickers itched, but it was easier to focus now she'd gone. She wrote 500 characters, 600, 700. The end was in sight at last, but now she needed to wee again. This time there was no point fighting it with her exhausted muscles. She simply let go and let the wee flow through her knickers. She couldn't possibly get more humiliated than this. 800 characters...only 200 left...she'd be getting raw skin from sitting in her wee so long next. How could it possibly get worse?

Her stomach gurgled as she felt the urge to poo. It got worse.

"Teacher...I...need to use the toilet again, but the other kind...you know...please...don't make me shit myself, please..." she begged.

"If you finish your 1000 characters, I won't make you shit yourself," he said.

"But I've got 200 characters left, and I'm desperate," she said. "I can't wait..."

"Well, too bad," he said. "Hopefully you won't have to sit in your poo too long."

She fumed. How could anyone be this cruel? She clenched her bottom and strained as hard as she could not to poo while she continued to write the characters. 900. Just 100 more to go, and she still hadn't pooed yet. Maybe she could make it. Maybe...a fart slipped out. She blushed and strained to try to stop her bowels from relaxing. She could just preserve that last bit of dignity...maybe...she farted again. Only 80 characters left...yes, she could do it...70...60...50...

Her guts ached and almost forced her to poo. Using all the strength she had left, she barely held it back. 40 characters left...30...20...10... Her legs shook as she desperately tried not to poo with all her strength. She'd just make it...just...

As her quivering hand finally wrote the last character, she gasped in relief.

"I'm done," she said, sitting back in her chair. A loud, wet fart burst from her bottom and she squealed in shock as she realised she had accidentally relaxed too much and let go, but it was too late. Her bowels opened and she filled her sodden knickers with poo, bursting into tears again.

Zhang Xiaodong strolled over and waved his hand in front of his nose. "So you couldn't hold your poo after all," he said. "Shame. Anyway, excellent work. I hope you'll learn to arrive on time in future."

"Yes..." she said, staggering to her feet. Poo dropped out of the bottom of her skirt. Zhang Xiaodong chuckled as she walked out of the door in her laden knickers with filth streaked down her legs. And, best of all, it was all on film.

Li Xiuying's boyfriend Wang Wei was waiting for her outside. He looked in horror at his bedraggled, filthy girlfriend's tear marked face.

"What did that cunt do to you?" he asked. "Did he rape you?"

"No...he didn't touch me..." she said. "He just made me write complicated characters over and over again...with no toilet break...I tried so hard, but I couldn't hold it..."

Wang Wei clutched his girlfriend tight. "That's so awful," he said. "I'll file a report to authorities. There's no way this is allowed, it's torture."

While he was a little biased, reducing her girlfriend to a broken, sobbing mess was a little excessive for being 10 minutes late to class.

"In the meantime, how about we have a shower together?" he suggested.

"Oh...yes..." said Li Xiuying, smiling for the first time in hours. "That would be fun..."

The shower in Wang Wei and Li Xiuying's room took a little while to run hot, so while it did, he decided to inspect his girlfriend's knickers. He lifted the back of her skirt and looked at her once white knickers, now bulging with shit. While he hated what that monster had done to his girlfriend, the humiliation was a little erotic.

"I made a mess..." she said, tearful again. "I couldn't help it..."

"It's not your fault," he said. "I know you have trouble holding it sometimes, and...it really doesn't matter at all. Come on."

Li Xiuying removed her filthy clothes, and undressed along with Wang Wei before stepping in the shower. The warm water washed the mess off her and she was soon as beautiful as ever. Wang Wei kissed her passionately and pushed her against the wall, his cock slipping into her as they embraced. They fucked for a minute or so before Li Xiuying came, moaning in pleasure and pushing Wang Wei over the edge of orgasm too.

"I feel better now," Li Xiuying said. "But he'll tell everyone...my reputation..."

"I still love you, that's what matters," said Wang Wei. "Who cares what other people think?"

"I do," she said. "I'll be humiliated...I..."

"You're not the bad person in this scenario," he said. "I'm sure people will understand and sympathise."

Li Xiuying hoped he was right.

