Journey to Arnwick - Page 3

Author: DsGSilver

*055*2019-12-15 00:40

{{1 hour ago, Deathfrombelow said:

Amazing setting, unique monsters, wonderful accidents, believable character interactions...I absolutely love this.

I just have two questions: Do you know when/if there’s going to be another chapter, and what exactly defines a witch in this world?

}}

Thank you, I'm glad you like it!

I've been thinking about returning to this series a lot recently. I never meant to abandon it, I just kinda couldn't find the inspiration. I've been writing a lot lately, though, and Arnwick may see its finale, or at least part 1 of it, in the near future. I'm terrible at providing or following deadlines, so the best I could really tell you is that either this month or January I could probably have it made. The current plan is for a 3-part finale.

As for the question about witches, it has 2 answers. Someone who makes a pact with an unholy entity for power is called a witch/warlock, depending on their gender. To a lesser extent, someone who practices any kind of magic, but does so without regulation and not under the jurisdiction of a church is also called a witch. Eliza is more the latter; she lived alone but had an advanced knowledge of magic- both holy and not.

*059*2020-03-06 06:44

At long last, the finale of the Journey to Arnwick begins. The other two parts are pretty much done, and will be released within the next several days. This one is largely just a setup for the next two parts, but the big finish is gonna be worth it, and will be released very soon. This one features a prominent male scene, fair warning. The rest of the finale will basically only feature female scenes, though.

Journey to Arnwick

Finale Part I: Dark Times

The cracks grow…

The fortress will fall…

She cannot resist much longer…

She will be the one…

The one to complete the circle…

###

Hazel awoke as a ray of sunlight shone upon her face. Groaning in pain, she forced herself to sit upright. The fight yesterday left her sore and bruised all over, and something as simple as getting out of bed was quite an effort. Remarkably, she found herself sitting in a dry bed. She’d figured grotesque nightmares and a soaking mattress would be her companions as she slept, but she’d actually slept like a baby. Perhaps she was just too exhausted to have done anything but go comatose.

Despite how deeply she slept, however, she saw that she was only the second one to rise. Alma and Tabitha were still out cold. Hazel thought of waking them, but decided to let them rest. They’d be going after the puppetmaster behind all of this soon, and they’d need to be rested when it was time. Hazel finally stepped out of bed, and stretched. Her muscles and joints ached, and a chorus of cracks sounded from her back. Looking over her clothes, she found a red blouse and long, black skirt she fancied. When they set out to Arnwick, she’d need to wear more appropriate clothing, but for the time being, why shouldn’t she wear something nice? Hazel felt she’d more than earned the right to treat herself, even if just a little.

Using a mirror in the room to make herself a little more presentable, she noticed the weary look on her own face. It had been only a few days. And yet she felt the exhaustion, stress, and anguish of decades weighing upon her. She thought of her old home, now in terrible danger; her new home, destroyed and made into the lair of a demon; her belongings, scattered and destroyed throughout the woods; and of her closest friend, Alma. When Hazel’s group had returned to town, they learned that Alma had set out on her own mission to rescue Emily. Hazel hated to think of Alma putting herself in danger with her arm still broken.

She forced a smile, but no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t make it look real. She had no idea where they would go, what they would do once the demon in Arnwick was slain.

Finished with the mirror, she turned and prepared to leave. She grabbed Alma’s crossbow, as danger could come at any moment. A sudden groan broke the silence, making Hazel jump slightly. Tabitha was tossing and turning in her sleep. Hazel wondered if she was having a nightmare, and if she should wake her. She stepped closer, and noted with concern that Tabitha’s forehead was drenched in sweat. She reached down to gently shake her, but pulled her hand back as Tabitha began forcefully rolling and twitching. Her spasms flung the blanket off of her body, and were there not more pressing concerns, Hazel would’ve been embarrassed to know that Tabitha slept in only her underwear.

“Tabitha, Tabitha!” She said sharply, attempting to steady her friend’s movements. A loud hissing became audible, and Hazel spared a quick glance to confirm that Tabitha had begun to wet herself. Her panties darkened, and a growing stain spread across the mattress below her. “Tabitha!!” Hazel shook the woman’s shoulders as hard as she could until, at last, Tabitha’s eyes opened.

The witch hunter didn’t speak, she only made a terrified gasping sound, and reached for her sword. “Me, it’s me!” Hazel fearfully stated.

“Hazel?” Tabitha’s erratic breathing slowed.

“Are you all right? What was all that?”

“All of… ” Tabitha trailed off as she wiggled her thighs a little. An annoyed expression was all Hazel needed to know that she’d just noticed the puddle underneath her.

“You… You were thrashing about. You seemed terrified.” Hazel sidestepped the wet bed issue as elegantly as she could.

“I have these… nightmares. They’re terrible,” She seemed lost in thought, almost forgetting Hazel’s presence. “Er, thank you, Hazel, for waking me.”

“Of course,” Hazel stole one last look at the piss stain, which had grown considerably. Tabitha’s white panties were thoroughly saturated. “I’ll leave so you can get dressed. I think Eliza is already downstairs, so we’ll be there.”

“Mm,” Tabitha only grunted her assent. Hazel wondered if she was just embarrassed by the accident, but even that seemed to be the furthest thing from her mind. The contents of her nightmare must’ve been truly disturbing.

“Do you... Wish to speak of your nightmares?”

“I don’t. I’ve been having them since I arrived here, and I think they’re part of a curse. I won’t give some witch or demon the satisfaction of acknowledging them.”

“I see,” With that, Hazel left their room. She understood that Tabitha wanted solitude to clean herself more than she wanted company.

###

Every day, the town seemed to grow quieter. The tavern that comprised the inn’s first story was full of people, but largely devoid of sound. Most of them just sullenly pecked at their meager food and drink. It did not take long to find Eliza, huddled in a corner, as far from other people as she could get. She was intently studying a very large, very thick book. Hazel dragged a chair over, and sat down across from the young witch. It wasn’t until Hazel finally spoke that Eliza noticed with a start that she had company, “Hello, Eliza.”

“Oh!, Uh, hello Hazy.”

Close enough, now, to see the text in the book, Hazel tried to make sense of it, but much of it seemed to be arcane and hieroglyphic. Whatever knowledge that book had to share, it wasn’t for her. Eliza must have noticed her intrigue in the book, as she explained, “It’s an old grimoire that I stole from my parents years ago.”

“I certainly can’t make sense of… whatever those shapes are.”

“This section explains how to create runes of summoning. This is how they called that monster here.”

“The thing that destroyed Arnwick?”

“Exactly.” Eliza ensured that no one was listening in on them, then leaned in to speak, “Hazel, you haven’t been… having any odd dreams, have you?”

“Miraculously not.”

“Nothing strange?” Genuine concern was etched into the witch’s face, “Not necessarily frightening or disturbing, just… off?”

“Um, no, Eliza. I haven’t dreamt of anything lately.”

Eliza exhaled in relief. “Very good. In that case, I can confide something in you.”

Hazel held up her finger, “One moment! Is it… a problem if anyone’s been experiencing terrible dreams?”

“If this tome is accurate, then it could mean that the Beast of Arnwick has cursed them.” After a second, the implication of Hazel’s question struck her, “Who?”

“It’s Tabitha. She was throwing herself about so wildly I thought she might fall out of the bed.”

“Oh dear… ” Eliza seemed to very suddenly get lost in her own thoughts, seemingly trying to find out how this new information would shape the coming conflict.

“What exactly does this mean?”

“I’m not too sure. From what I can gather, the Beast can peer into the minds of those it has cursed.”

“Do you mean-”

“Whatever she knows, the Beast knows.” Once again, she leaned forward, saying slowly and emphatically, “Hazel, she must not discover what we know. If the Beast learns our plans, we won’t stand a chance.”

She opened her mouth to announce her shared distress at this news, when angered shouting drew her attention.

“Just give us the food!” A young man howled at the terrified woman running the tavern.

“Please, sir,” the woman pleaded, close to tears, “We don’t have enough to give more than a small-”

He produced a knife, and stabbed it into the counter. “My sister and I need food to get the hell out of this cursed place, so just give me whatever you’ve got, or I’ll jump back there and take it!” His eyes were wild, and unsure. He was scrawny, and didn’t exactly look like a thief or a robber.

But Hazel had learned a lot on this journey, and she easily recognized the look in his eyes: fear. Abject terror. Different from the kind reflected in the bartender’s eyes, but fear nonetheless. A wild, unpredictable fear, a kind that drives once kind people to acts of violence and madness. A kind that might drive a man just trying to feed his family to murder. The people in the tavern began to file out, leaving the situation behind them. The others simply gazed long into their plates and mugs, not willing to intervene. Why should they? Death was coming for all of them, why try to be a hero?

For a split second, Hazel was certain she saw Arnwick, the place that was to be her home, in the fear of the man’s eyes. Was it merciful and fast for Arnwick? Did they descend into hopelessness and chaos? Did they turn on one another, kill one another?

Something inside her urged her forward, something declaring that the cruel fate that befell Arnwick would not take this place, too. The tavern matron was stunned in fear, and the man began to climb onto the counter, preparing to take his claim by force. Hazel stood, she didn’t know when the crossbow found its way into her hands, by there it was, loaded and ready. “Hazy, no!” came Eliza’s harsh whisper, but it fell on deaf ears.

With the crossbow’s sharp and terrible sound, a bolt was thrown, cutting through the air mere inches from the man’s nose. He shouted in surprise, and fell backwards, off of the counter. He sat upright, and felt the back of his head for injuries. Hazel was nowhere near as skilled with the weapon as Alma, but she still had enough time to reload it. “Don’t!” She commanded, halting the man’s attempt to stand.

Their eyes met. His eyes were angry, full of defiance, but his rage collapsed under the weight of fear. The will left his face, and that wild, hopeless look returned. She wondered what he must have seen in her eyes, as the fear mounted, and overwhelmed him. His trousers grew dark at the groin, and a pool of urine slowly spread underneath him. A faint hiss was audible, and a little steam rose upwards. He glanced down at his pants for a second, but then back up to Hazel.

“Get rid of the knife!”

He seemed to weigh his options for a moment, but given that the puddle under him was still growing, it was evident he hadn’t found the courage to attempt an attack. He begrudgingly threw the knife aside.

“Now stand up.”

He stood, arms outstretched and palms open. Some piss streamed and dripped down his legs, ensuring more than just his crotch and butt were soaked. All of the tavern’s remaining patrons had fled when Hazel fired the crossbow, so he was at least fortunate enough that few of them saw him urinate on himself in terror. “Might as well just shoot me and get it over with!” He muttered.

“I don’t want to kill you, please don’t force me to.”

“Why not! That… Thing will be back here soon enough, and then we’re all dead, anyway!” He took a step towards Hazel, nearly making her shoot him, “I don’t care if I have to threaten someone or hurt them, my sister and I need food so we can survive the trip out of here!”

“You know,” a cold and menacing voice uttered from behind him, “That’s not unlike the mentality of the witches I hunt.”

The man’s eyes widened, they all recognized Tabitha’s voice. He spun around, far more worried about the witch hunter than Hazel and her crossbow. “You’re about to cross a dark threshold, my friend. I’m more than prepared to do what needs to be done if you do,” Tabitha wrapped her fingers around her sword. Everyone in the town had seen how easily that sword severed heads and limbs.

There was a crackle, and a brown discoloration formed on his rear. Hazel cringed slightly as the smell struck her.

“Dark times require strong people,” Tabitha began, “Only cowards betray and abandon their own. If you really want to make sure your sister is safe, then pick up that knife and prepare to drive it into some undead. We’ll be fighting their lord, soon enough.”

He stood there in a daze, looking close to fainting. “If we have an understanding, then leave, and find your courage. We’ll need it before long,” Tabitha commanded.

“... Right… ” He quietly turned and left the building, retrieving his knife along the way.

There was silence for a moment, until a small but grateful voice spoke, “Thank you both, so much.” Hazel remembered the tavern matron then, having completely forgotten that she’d done any of this to protect her. The dark skinned woman wore a cream-colored dress, and smiled warmly at her.

“Oh, right, of course. You’re not hurt, are you?” She approached the counter, wondering how badly the man must’ve soiled himself for the smell to have reached so far and lingered so long.

“No no, I’m fine. You stopped him before he could actually do anything. But, well… ” She shuffled uncomfortably, and Hazel began to think it wasn’t the man’s accident she was smelling. “I was quite frightened, and I’m afraid that I may now need to, um, find clean underwear.”

“I understand.”

"Do you?"

Not all the townspeople had been present when they returned from the necromancer's lair. Not all of them had seen the group attempting to walk as they though hadn't each pissed and shat in their pants. But in truth, a different time had come to Hazel's mind; a time from years ago. "I actually used to be a merchant. Once, a drunk man kicked the door open and started waving a sword around. He was demanding money, and free merchandise, but I was hardly in any state to grant his request," Hazel blushed going into the next part of the story, "I was paralyzed, all I could do was fill my underwear and then make a puddle under myself."

The woman smirked a bit, still shuffling and trying to find a comfortable way to stand with a mess in her panties. Hazel continued, "When it happened to me, I had to answer to the town guard about the drunkard. The whole time I was explaining what happened to them, I had a giant wet stain down the front of my skirt." They both chuckled, "Anyway, we'd be happy to watch your store for a moment while you get cleaned up."

“Would you?” She asked, silently grateful that no one else had said anything further about her soiled drawers. Even before she and Alma had set out for Arnwick, Hazel had difficulties controlling her fears. At the slightest provocation, she would run and hide, often leaving a urine trail behind herself. She didn't live in a dangerous town, but any town has its troublemakers, and Hazel was terrified of all of them. After all they’d been through, she wondered if there was a regular human anywhere in the world who could scare her that badly now. The thought of the demon they had to face certainly made her bladder feel a little weak, but it seemed to have that effect on everyone.

She’d grown much bolder, too. Never before would she have had the courage to do something like she just had. Only a couple weeks ago, she likely would’ve just soiled herself along with the tavern matron, and waited for someone else to save the day. Pride welled within her, and she wished Alma had been there to see it.

“Well done, Hazel,” Tabitha said as she walked by, and took a seat at the bar.

“I was worried you were about to shoot him,” Eliza murmured, “But you didn’t. Nice work.”

Hazel blushed, but Tabitha cut their celebrations short, “I hope you two have been discussing strategy down here. We really don’t have long before that monster musters another army. I don’t think this place can survive another assault.”

Eliza shot Hazel a very serious look, clearly insisting that she say nothing. When the message was received, Eliza did the talking, “We’ve worked some things out. I think I know how to enchant our weapons in a way that will kill the demon.”

“Splendid. I see why they’ve kept you around,” Tabitha’s voice dripped with contempt.

Hazel despised Tabitha’s attitude towards her friend, “‘Least Eliza didn’t piss her sheets… ” The witch hunter’s cheeks burned in shame with the accusation, signalling its truth to Eliza.

“She also is the only one of us who escaped the necromancer’s lair unscathed. You’re a fool to call that a coincidence.”

“She killed them! She saved your life!” Hazel’s voice had become a shout, “What more does she have to do for you to respect her?”

“She’s lived a life of witchcraft and sin, it takes more than a couple good deeds to make up for such a thing.”

“She has been nothing but helpful-”

“Do you know what is most damning, Hazel?” Tabitha forcefully interrupted, “That not once has she refuted what I’ve said. Not once has she jumped to her own defense. She knows I speak the truth.”

Eliza cast a pained look down, to the floor, still silent.

“You see? Nothing to say, as always.”

“I am quiet because my actions speak for me,” Eliza muttered.

Both of them looked at her. Tabitha was surprised to hear the witch’s voice, Hazel was overjoyed that her friend might finally fend for herself. “I came to the rescue of Alma and Hazel, and they returned the favor. I have traveled with them, and many times over we have saved each other’s lives. I have saved you, too. I asked nothing in return, and now I am preparing to create weapons that will kill the Beast of Arnwick. If you cannot hear how loud my actions speak, then you are willfully deaf.”

Tabitha’s scowl deepened, but heavy footsteps descending the staircase mercifully stole everyone’s attention. Alma smiled at them as though nothing was wrong, even though she had undoubtedly heard the argument.

“Hello Alma!” Hazel chirped. Alma waved her unbroken arm, reached the bottom of the stairs, and walked towards them, sidestepping the puddle on the ground with a curious glance.

“That’s a… long story,” Hazel said, deciding to tell her later.

*063*2020-03-14 00:45

Only one to go after this, and it's the big finish. It's one I've been planning for a good while, and I'm excited to finally bring it here. I've also been excited about this one, so I hope everyone enjoys Part II!

Journey to Arnwick

Finale Part II: Fear

Fear is the most terrible, powerful weapon in any arsenal. Fear divides, conquers, and destroys. Fear drives the righteous to commit atrocities, brings the brave to their knees. Fear kills the enemy long before the battle is joined.

And Fear is the domain of demons…

###

“He will be surrounded by his army of the dead,” Eliza had explained. “We will need any townsfolk willing to fight to come with us, or we’ll never get close.”

Hazel could see it, then: a calamitous battle. The people, haggard and desperate, following the lead of their heroes in a suicidal charge that was their only chance at victory. Unbeknownst to these imaginary warriors, their heroic leaders were just as frightened and desperate as they were. They would fight, and many, maybe most, maybe all, would perish. It made her sick to think about.

“These people don’t know how to fight,” Tabitha had interjected.

“But you do,” Alma had countered.

They passed by Tabitha’s impromptu training grounds. Every able-bodied man and woman stood before the mighty witch hunter, doing their best to repeat her motions, and heed her advice about the foes they would face. They were farmers and merchants, they’d never in their lives thought they’d be fighting to save the land from a nefarious demon. Tabitha nodded and smiled approvingly, pleased at the success of her teachings.

“The last time he struck this town, he brought a goliath flesh creature with him. It took everything we had to stop it,” Tabitha had stated.

“Eliza knows how to make all sorts of potions,” Hazel had suggested, “Maybe she could teach some of the people how to make firebombs or something?”

Hazel hadn’t known how good of an idea it was when she’d said it. But now, as she passed by the collection bin where Matthew and some other hunters had been depositing the foraged reagents Eliza had specified, she knew it was an excellent idea. The couple of cooks still alive in the town gathered the ingredients, and followed Eliza’s instructions on how to convert them into deadly weapons. Already, Hazel and Alma saw dozens of little vials of liquid fire, just waiting to be unleashed.

“Now, Tabitha,” Eliza had said, “This demon stops your heart when you gaze upon him, yes?”

“Correct.”

“I can devise charms that should inoculate us to the worst of that curse. Being in his presence will not be pleasant, but it will not be lethal.”

True to her word, Eliza was hard at work, poring through her grimoires and skillfully merging various magical components together. The two of them approached, and checked on her progress. The witch had a mixture of holy tomes and dark grimoires on the table in front of her, combining their teachings to craft the charms that would permit them to truly commit to the assault on the Beast of Arnwick.

“We fell prey to an unholy creature’s trap days ago,” Alma had added, “That’s why my arm is broken. We killed that creature by having Eliza perform a consecration.”

“Indeed,” Eliza had continued, “But those meager blessings won’t be enough to kill a greater demon. The consecrations I can perform will weaken him, render him vulnerable. Tabitha, your weapon is a truly holy one. When we have wounded him, it will fall to you to deal the finishing blow on the monster.”

“Understood,” Tabitha had answered.

But that had not been the truth. Tabitha could not be trusted. Whether she was aware of it or not, she had become the demon’s greatest weapon. The Beast saw through her eyes, heard through her ears. Their plan did hinge on Tabitha, but not in the way they had told her.

“A curse of possession… ” Eliza had explained, once Tabitha had left to train the townspeople, “creates a bridge of sorts between the possessor and the victim. Just as the demon can inflict harm, so too can the victim. His control over her will be absolute, but if we weaken him there, at the bridge… ”

“We can kill him?” Alma had asked.

“It may be our only hope. If he is as powerful as my parents’ tome describes, our weapons will be all but completely useless against him.”

She finished the charms just as they arrived. Everything was going perfectly according to plan. The time to prepare their actual secret weapon was upon them.

###

“So this is it,” Alma’s voice was flat, emotionless, yet still it spoke volumes.

“One way or another, this nightmare will be over,” Hazel replied. They sat on a bench outside the town’s chapel. Eliza was inside, preparing a ritual of some sort that would either give them the magic sword they needed, or leave them at the demon’s mercy. She’d been light on the details.

“I’m proud of you, y’know,” Alma nudged her in the ribs with her elbow, “You kept saying how you weren’t brave, and yet here you are, preparing to face down a demon.” Alma leaned forward, and turned to face her, “Do you know how many people in the world have the courage to take on a demon, Hazy?”

“Guess there can’t be very many, huh?” A slight smile broke onto her face as she found herself finally unable to reject Alma’s praise.

“Only the strongest, craziest people in the world, my friend.”

“Well, I’m not very strong, so I guess I’m just crazy,” They both chuckled. The two were quiet, until Hazel spoke again, “Thank you, Alma. Really.”

“I’ve been telling you for a long time that you were-”

“No, not that,” Hazel grinned as she faced her closest friend, “For everything. You’ve never… Well I guess you’ve never let me down. I can’t think of a time I really needed you and you weren’t there.”

Hazel knew that Alma wasn’t particularly good at articulating her feelings, and the monster hunter could do little but smile, and try to pick some words of gratitude. Hazel had a feeling they’d be there all day if she waited for Alma to think of a proper reply, so she kept going, “When this is all over… Would you stay with me?”

“Sorry?” Alma stammered.

“Will you stay with me? I don’t know where we’ll go, or what we’ll do. Arnwick is gone, all my money and all my things are gone, but… I would really like it if you’d come with me.”

Alma took a moment to answer, “I think I’d like that, too.” The two sat in silence for a short while, each lost in thought. Hazel was overjoyed that Alma had accepted. “Besides, it’s not like we don’t have a plan. You’ve turned out to be quite the little killer. I’m sure we can find a village somewhere beset by hordes of monsters.”

The two laughed. Finally, the door to the chapel opened, and an exhausted Eliza beckoned them inside.

The church looked like it had been ransacked and defiled. Every pew was shoved aside to create a large open center, in which was a large runic circle and an assortment of candles and miscellaneous reagents placed at odd and precise intervals around the floor. The purple paint used to create the rune seemed to pulse and hum with life. Hazel couldn’t tell if it was friendly or not.

“Alma, tell me, do you happen to know a demon’s greatest weakness?” Eliza inquired.

“I don’t believe so, but I think I’ve heard that demons hide their true names. I know they make it a point never to give their real names.”

“Precisely. A demon’s name gives a summoner power over it. My parents knew his name, but they chose to submit to him. If they hadn’t been so… ” She swallowed her bitter words, and was struck with a wave of sorrow before continuing, “They held the key to stopping him. They died with it, and they didn’t dare leave it written anywhere.”

“So… Is that meant to help us learn his name?” Hazel gestured towards the disturbing rune etched into the ground.

“...It is,” Eliza gave both of them a grim look.

“There’s a catch, I presume?” Alma intoned.

“This… ” Eliza turned to face her handiwork, “will permit us to speak with the dead.”

Hazel was taken aback, and Alma was speechless.

“The catch is… ” Eliza crossed her arms, and fixed a hard and steady gaze on the two of them, “The person who uses it may join the dead. Whatever force it is that separates the world of the living from the world of the dead, it does not tolerate trespassers. Spirits that the grimoires call ‘jailers’ will hunt you once you’re inside, and if they find you… ”

“That’s it?” Alma asked.

“That’s it,” Eliza confirmed.

“I’ll do it,” Alma replied. Hazel gave her a pleading look, already seeing the new future she’d envisioned going up in flames.

“Alma, you don’t understand. This is a ritual even my parents dared not perform. You need to really think about this-”

“I’m a monster hunter, Eliza, I thought about it a long time ago. I’ve been ready to give my life for the greater good for as long as I can remember,” She attempted to lift her broken arm, but could only bring it a few inches higher, “Besides, I’m hardly gonna be any good in the real fight.”

“Alma, please… ” Hazel’s voice was shaky.

“Don’t you worry, Hazy. I’m not dead yet. I will see you again after this.” She turned to Eliza, “So what exactly needs to be done?”

Eliza’s face was wrought with guilt, like she was walking her friend to their execution. “From here, I can help guide you. I will try and bring you to the souls of my parents. If there is anything human left within them, they will tell us what we need to know. If not… ”

“I understand. I’m ready when you are.”

Eliza had Alma sit in the middle of the rune, and lit the candles. From her dark tome, she read a series of unsettling incantations that charged the air with a malicious energy. A haze slowly gathered in Hazel’s mind, she felt the world slow and blur, as if she was about to fall into a deep sleep. This seemed to be the desired effect, as Alma, still sitting with her legs crossed, was put into a trance.

###

Alma’s eyes opened. She was lying on her back in a dark and unfamiliar place. There was only darkness above her, as though there were no sky. She stood, and turned in a full circle. There was nothing. Absolutely nothing. Only an endless expanse of utter blackness. A cold chill permeated the air, chilled her to her core. She noticed with joy that her arm was no longer in a sling. Exactly as it had been, her arm was once again fully functional, as though it was never broken. She didn’t have much experience with witchcraft, but she assumed it was simply a side effect, or a trick of this place.

Alma, don’t make a sound.

A voice, Eliza’s voice, suddenly echoed through the darkness. The sound reverberated oddly through the shadowy land, Alma could not even say from what direction the sound emanated.

I’m going to perform the next part of the ritual, now. It should bring you to one or both of my parents.

Little lights broke through the smoky darkness above, shining down upon her. They grew rapidly, until the black sky was split apart and a golden light rained down. Reflecting the blinding glow in the sky, the ground opened up as well, until Alma was forced to shield her eyes from the onslaught of light. When she dared to open them again, she beheld a robed and hooded man, kneeling a few feet in front of her. He was faced away from her, and seemingly was praying.

Alma, if you must speak, do it quickly and quietly, Eliza’s disembodied voice warned.

She looked around, verifying that nothing was watching or preparing to attack her, and spoke in a low voice, “Excuse me,”

The kneeling man raised his head slightly. Very slowly, he lowered his hands to his side, “... Did my daughter send you?”

“She did.”

“I presume she wants to put an end to the demon?”

“We do.”

He turned his head slightly, his face still obscured by the hood, “Our bodies, were they slain?”

“I’m sorry?”

“Our bodies. The demon kept them in his service. But I had forsaken that husk long ago. Trapped here for years. Something changed only a short while ago. Did you lay the bodies of my wife and I to rest?”

“Eliza and my friend Hazel slew them, yes.”

His shoulders lowered, and he drew a deep breath, “Thank you.”

“We need your help.”

“The allure of power is irresistable. I fell victim to it. My wife fell victim to it. The demon wielded his gifts as his strongest weapon. Only when it was too late did I realize we were never in control. If I am to help you, you must make me a promise, child.”

She took a step forward, “Anything.”

“If Eliza has sent you here, she must be in possession of my old grimoire. Burn it. Burn all of them. Destroy all of my life’s work, and bring my daughter someplace far away from Arnwick. Once the demon is dead, leave this sad story behind, and never look back.”

Alma placed her hand over her heart, “I swear to you, I will destroy all of it. I will bring Eliza with me, wherever I go.”

His voice was a quiet, almost choked whisper, “Thank you, dear child.”

“Please, now, I need to know-”

“The demon’s name,” He interrupted, “Correct. I only learned it after I’d been enthralled by him, when I could not use it against him. To know his name will give you tremendous power over him. It will weaken him, it can subdue him, give you time to slay him.”

He finally stood, and peered out at the endless black expanse. “Zalacay… ” He muttered, and the word seeped into shadows around them, wriggled and wormed its way into Alma’s head. Her heart beat rapidly, and she took deep breaths to steady herself. He turned to face her, revealing a gnarled and disfigured face. Scars cut deep into his flesh, and his left cheek was simply a gaping hole, revealing teeth. “Do not take him lightly, child. Even with this weapon, Zalacay will not go easily.”

With no flash of light, no effects whatsoever, the old necromancer was gone, vanished into thin air. “Did you hear that, Eliza?” No reply came, it grew uncomfortably silent, “Eliza, are you there? How do I leave?”

The chill of the place grew more severe. Alma crossed her arms over her chest, shivering slightly. Her breaths created plumes of steam. Dread cut into her heart like a knife, perhaps it was simply her instincts, or some supernatural force, but at that moment she was certain that she was not truly alone. She whirled around, the cold threatening to freeze her to death. Whispers floated through the air, as though carried by the wind. Their voices blended together into a cacophony, but she could make out just a few words and sentences.

“Who are you?”

“How did you get here?”

“She doesn’t belong.”

“She must leave.”

“She must die.”

Alma’s fear was nearly overwhelming. The voices surrounded her, but she could see no source. And yet, she could feel something approaching- something horrible.

“We must take the dead,” came one of the whispers, louder than the rest. All at once, they repeated this phrase.

Take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead.

A sound like a low moaning rose from behind her, and Alma could hardly muster the nerve to face it. When she did, she saw a humanoid figure rising from the shadowy ground. Clad in steely gray armour and black robes, a helmet like that of a knight, albeit of a cruel and jagged design, covered its head. Even through the gaps in the metal, there was nothing but inky blackness underneath. In one hand, it carried a bladed mace, with each of its edges serrated, and covered in ancient blood. A long chain was wrapped around the other arm, ending in a scythe-like hook, similarly discolored with the reddish-brown tinge of old blood.

Take the dead take the dead take the dead take the dead, roared in her ears, deafeningly loud. The creature rose to its full height, atleast ten feet, and loomed over her. The creature, presumably a jailer, radiated a terrible presence unlike anything she’d ever felt. She was paralyzed, stricken numb with fear. She couldn’t even feign surprise when she felt her underpants grow heavy. Her panties tightened in the front as her waste stretched out the back, replacing the sensation of cloth with one not unlike mud. The bulge in the seat of her trousers was very large, she had well and truly voided her bowels on herself.

The jailer drifted forward, not moving its legs, simply floating. When it drew close enough, it raised its sadistic mace into the air, and brought it crashing down. Alma knew death was certain if she did not react. She had forced her eyes closed, and fought through the terror. She could only rely on instinct as her mind was addled by fear, but it was enough as she dodged backwards. She stumbled, attempted to turn around, and fell to her hands and knees. The jailer still drifted towards her. She looked back at it for only a second, eyes wide, before she forced herself into a sprint.

Her breaths came out as ragged sobs, and her whole still felt numb. She’d not felt fear like this in a long time, perhaps not ever. She heard clinking metal, and forced herself to look upon the jailer. It swung its chained arm, and the sharpened hook was thrown at her legs. Her reflexes couldn’t save her in time, and the hook wrapped around her legs. Mercifully, the angled blade hadn’t stuck into her, but the hook instead encircled her lower legs, just below the knees, and tripped her. She fell to the ground with a thud.

Her body jerked, and she realized she was being dragged right to the jailer. “No, no! Please!” She pleaded, but still she was dragged towards a fate possibly worse than death. A short but fierce stream of urine wet her pants, and then another. After a couple seconds of being dragged, her bladder fully emptied into her clothes. She pissed hard on herself, flooding her black panties. As she was lying on her stomach and being dragged, she could feel the warmth of her urine soaking into her shirt, reaching nearly to her chest.

Take the dead, the voices screamed, take the dead take the dead, they were louder than ever, and louder still as she was pulled closer to the jailer. But then, another voice broke through the nightmarish wails, two, in fact.

“Alma!!” she heard Hazel scream.

“Don’t worry, I’ll get you out!” Eliza promised.

###

Hazel had watched Eliza and Alma with bated breath, worried half to death for her friend. Eliza guided her for a time, until it seemed that Alma had found her own way in whatever place she’d been sent to. They sat in silence, hoping that nothing would go wrong. For a few minutes, nothing did. Panic had gripped the both of them when Alma had started to shudder and shake. A foul smell filled the air as she soiled herself, and a yellow pool rapidly expanded underneath her as she pissed herself.

Eliza flipped through the pages of her fell tome, but swiftly threw it aside, opting instead to grab Alma by the shoulders and begin shaking her. Whatever nightmare had taken her, it refused to let go- Alma didn’t even budge. “What do we do?!” Hazel nearly shouted, “Eliza, what’s going on?!” The witch didn’t listen to her, but instead produced a piece of chalk, and began drawing an extension to the circle. She moved with great haste, yet still the circle was as detailed as she could manage. She sat down in the new circle’s center, slowed her rapid and erratic breathing, and closed her eyes. After a long few seconds, she, too, was pulled into the same trance as Alma.

Hazel watched, waiting for something to happen, wondering if it was even possible for her to help. When neither of them stirred, she picked up Eliza’s grimoire, and began searching for a solution. It was difficult to focus, and she found herself constantly looking up from the book, to check on her friends. Before too long, she found a passage not in the eldritch tongue much of the book was written in. It looked like old notes from a previous owner. Hazel inhaled sharply as she realized that it was, indeed, a description of a method to escape the realm of the dead in an emergency. One needed only to inscribe in that dark place the same rune as they used to enter. Hazel had little doubt that Eliza had gone to do just that.

A pained gasp from Eliza broke her concentration, and Hazel dropped the book to attend to her. Just like Alma, Eliza had begun to shake, an expression of sheer terror overpowering her normally passive face. Hazel heard a hissing, and sure enough a steaming puddle issued from underneath the witch. The wetness soaked into her skirt as the pool continued its expansion. It got her, too! Hazel realized, in horror. She had no choice, then. She and Tabitha couldn’t fight the demon alone, and even if they could, she wasn’t about to leave Alma and Eliza behind. They’d come too far together.

Steeling herself, she grabbed the chalk, and began to draw another extension to the circle.

###

For the most part, Eliza was a rather stoic person. She kept her emotions in check to the best of her abilities. More than once, she’d been overcome by fear, but it was always a primal thing. Something promised mortal danger, and her body failed to overcome the weight of that. But when she arrived in the nightmare she’d sent Alma into, when she gazed upon the unrelenting might and silent scorn of a jailer, she learned new fear. It was a cold and hollow feeling. The thing promised mortal danger, certainly, but there was an element to it that would’ve been lost on an animal, unlike the other frightful things she’d faced. An existential dread pervaded every part of her mind. They were not meant to behold this monstrosity.

She saw Alma there, wrapped in unholy chains, being dragged to her demise. Eliza stood there, trembling. Her grip on the chalk she’d carried with her loosened as her body went numb. It fell from her hands, clattering to the black floor of the shadowy place. Slowly, menacingly, the head of the jailer, entombed within its jagged metal helmet, turned upwards to see her. It stopped dragging Alma, instead leaving her bound in chains on the ground.

Take the dead, the ethereal chanting finally registered in Eliza’s mind, increasing in volume until it seemed deafening. The jailer moved forward, bladed mace held aloft. To leave Alma subdued, it had relinquished one of its weapons. Eliza’s body was paralyzed, unable to move, completely stricken numb with fear. She collapsed, landing on her rear. She felt herself begin to urinate, her panties swiftly drenched by the strong stream. Across the sheer black floor the hot pool grew. The warmth washed over her butt and wet the back of her dress she was sitting on. The steam and acrid smell drifted upwards. With a wet crackle, her bowels voided. Her mess bulged out her underwear, having to squeeze out uncomfortably, given that she was sitting. Still pissing, the liquid washed over her burgeoning load, furthering her shame.

The jailer drew closer and closer, preparing to bring its foul weapon down on her head. Behind it, though, there was a flash of movement. Hazel had entered the land of the dead, as well. You idiot!! Eliza mentally chastised, Now you’re going to die in here, too! As expected, Hazel froze in fear as she saw the jailer. Her legs shook, and she shuddered suddenly. With a seemingly unconscious movement, Hazel reached to the back of her trousers, feeling her own rear. Once again unsurprised, Eliza identified these as the movements of someone who’d just shat their pants. Shamefully, they were motions she was all too familiar with.

But what followed actually did surprise Eliza. Hazel closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and ran forward. She was holding a piece of chalk. She was succeeding where Eliza had failed miserably. Hazel reached Alma, and began recreating the rune circle. She worked quickly, and hopefully, accurately. While the jailer had seemingly not noticed the new intrusion, he was almost upon the young witch. She needed to buy the others some time, but her body still refused to listen to her. It was all she could muster to scramble backwards, unable to stand upright. She was still leaking the final stores of urine her body had, leaving warm little trails on the ground as she crawled backwards.

Behind the dark creature, Hazel finished the circle. She stood, and took a single step before halting completely. She had moved to come to Eliza’s aid, but there was hardly a person alive who could’ve found the courage to charge towards a jailer. Eliza knew it would be up to her to save her own life. Were it not for the fact that the thing had given up its hook and chain to subdue Alma, it might’ve been impossible. The jailer was so close, preparing to deliver the single strike it would take to ensure that Eliza belonged in the realm of the dead. She rolled to the side, and willed herself to her feet. It was as if lead bricks were tied to every part of her body, but she fought like never before to stand. She attempted to sprint, but quickly fell forward, landing on her face. She shoved herself off the ground, and ran once again. Her legs were shaky and unresponsive, but somehow she managed it.

Hazel reached out, and steadied her when she was close enough. They huddled down, next to Alma, ensuring all of them were within the limits of the circle. A petrifying growl emanated from the jailer, who raced forward, eager to bring its wrath down upon them.

“Ch- Chalk!” Eliza managed to say. It was all the direction Hazel needed, and she handed her chalk to the witch. Eliza put the finishing touches on the circle, uttered an arcane word, and the foul darkness of their surroundings melted away, replaced instead by an almost blinding white light.

###

Each of them gasped hard for air, as though they’d been drowning. The air that greeted them was rather unpleasant, however; acidic with the reek of urine and vile with the stench of three pairs of soiled underpants. Eliza looked down at herself, and regrettably confirmed that Alma’s accidents were not the only ones to carry over into reality. A cold pool of water resided under her, and she could feel a mass like wet clay between her rear end and her panties.

“Alma!” Hazel was already looming over her friend, inspecting her.

“I’m… I’m okay, I think… ” The monster hunter was inspecting her own body for injury. A veteran, more than experienced with such things, she quickly and easily looked past her wet and soiled trousers, disregarding them seemingly completely. But Eliza knew the embarrassment was not lost on her. “...Thank you,” Alma murmured the most heartfelt words she’d ever heard, and suddenly grabbed Eliza by the shirt with her good arm, yanking and pulling her into a tight embrace that encompassed Hazel as well, “I’ve never… Felt… Just, thank you both, so much.”

“All I did was ruin my underwear. We owe our lives to Hazel,” Eliza muttered, her face being held against Alma’s chest. “And Alma,” she began, pulling out of the embrace, “I’m sorry. I had no idea how dangerous it would be-”

“I knew it would be dangerous. And besides, it wasn’t for nothing. We’ve got our secret weapon.”

Eliza jumped to her feet, errant droplets of urine scattering, “You learned the Beast’s name?!”

“I met your father. Made a deal with him,” The mention of her father made Eliza wince, “He told me the name.” She breathed in and out a few times, letting silence settle before she spoke it, “Zalacay.”

The name sent shivers down her spine, and Hazel crossed her arms and shivered.

“So… that’s what we needed, right?” The merchant asked, “We… We can actually fight him now, right?”

“That we can,” Eliza confirmed.

“So when do we take the fight to Arnwick?” Alma asked, standing with Hazel’s assistance.

“I’ll need to make the final preparations,” Eliza said, interrupting herself as she stopped to tug on her wet and soiled skirt, that had clung to the backs of her thighs, blushing intensely, “Which I will do just as soon as I can change my underwear.”

“That… Does sound like a plan,” Alma mused, similarly adjusting her trousers. “Look at you, Hazy,” Alma said with some pride, “Not only did you save us, but you’re the only one to come out clean.”

Hazel laughed a quiet, nervous laugh, “Don’t get too excited… ” She once again reached back, cupping her rear. Eliza faced Hazel’s side, and could see the true bulk of her accident. A very large mass rested in the back of her pants. Her panties must’ve been completely filled, as it looked as though some of the mess had escaped into her actual pants.

“Oh,” Alma muttered, then laughed a little.

“But, truly,” Hazel withdrew her hands from her backside, and looked up to meet the monster’s hunter’s eyes, “I’m so happy you’re okay. We saw it begin to go wrong, and I was so worried about you!”

“I did say that I’d be fine, Hazy. Besides, I made a promise to Eliza’s father that I’ve got to see through.”

###

Tabitha did not like letting the little witch out of her sight, especially with the eve of battle drawing so near, but she understood the necessity. The sun was setting, and the townspeople needed rest for the trials ahead. She’d done her utmost to whip them into a fighting force, and some of them showed quite a bit of promise.

Of course, any time her gaze drifted down to the pants and skirts of any of them, she was reminded that they were not fearless champions. Nearly every single one of them, men and women, had large stains and discolorations, the memories and remnants of past terrors upon their pants and skirts. Most bore the old stains of past wettings, many bore the browned splotches of messy soilings, and who knew how many more had filled their pants with relatively “cleaner” soilings that left little record behind. Naturally, a great many of them bore both kinds of stains, Tabitha among them.

It’s a good thing we’re not fighting against a human army, Tabitha mused, How could we possibly look intimidating like this? She had wondered if she should instruct everyone to at least attempt and clean themselves, before deciding it would be pointless. Virtually every one of them was liable to void themselves when the fight began, any way.

As the sun set, and the witch hunter’s impromptu conscription and training seminar concluded, she retired to their room in the inn. Her head was pounding with a headache the likes of which she’d hardly felt before. She collapsed in bed, willing sleep to come and get rid of the pain. She lied there for some time, coming to lament that she hadn’t emptied her bladder beforehand. She briefly entertained the thought of rising to do just that, but found her pounding headache too overwhelming.

Just gonna piss my sheets again when the damned curse gives me a nightmare, anyway, she reasoned. She closed her eyes, and strained for a moment before her bladder released. The wetness flowed into her panties, spilling down into the sheets and mattress. The sickly, wet warmth slowly crept along, covering her butt and reaching the backs of her thighs, and up to her lower back. She felt some shame at having wet her bed intentionally, but the screaming pain of her headache swiftly assured her that she couldn’t have risen from bed, no matter how hard she’d tried. It must’ve been another aspect of whatever curse the Beast had placed on her.

Finally, sleep came, and with it, that disturbing dream. But this time, it was different. Those figures and voices, once distant and nondescript…

Now she could see them. Now she could hear them.

