The Volleyball Team

Author: herrokitty

*000*2021-12-24 19:38

Happy holidays! This story is because @Edward45 suggested I do a story based on the premise of the old John Sniper story about a softball team. I expanded on it. Fair warning there is messing content in part because it's based on a story with such and there's sexual content - I particularly think I may have lost some realism in the last two sections but hopefully y'all enjoy anyway.

My favorite job was a position I had as a college student. I was a sports physiology major so I got to apply to team manager positions, where I would assist our small college’s D3 teams with various responsibilities and errands. I got to be the team manager of our women’s volleyball team. It was not lost on me that I would thus be spending a lot of time with attractive and fit peers of mine. One thing I didn’t know was how much bodily functions would play a role…

I was a junior when I started and the beginning of the year was pretty straightforward, learning the ropes and getting to know the team. Our coach, Coach Kaminski, was a grumpy old guy who didn’t do much except stand around and bark orders. I mostly stayed out of his way and learned my duties from our Assistant Coach, Coach Taylor, and members of our team. Early on, I learned our team had quite a few players graduate the year before and had a lot of seniors on the team. There were our two team captains, Sarah - a blonde woman who partied hard and played harder - and Michelle, a tall brunette who also did dance semi-competitively. Shelley, a shorter and curvaceous brunette, was also a senior, along with a tall half-Black woman named Eva. That left six more players who would return next year (juniors Jessica, Taylor, and Devin, sophomores Lauren and Whitney, and our lone freshman recruit, Charlotte).

In order to bolster our meager freshman recruiting and make the team sustainable, we held tryouts as practice was about to begin. After a first round where we weeded out the truly unathletic, we narrowed down the second round to five girls. Four were freshmen - Daniela, Jasmin, Leslie, and Aveline - and one was a junior, Mia. We honestly were planning on signing all five, but wanted to see more about where they were in their skills and what position they’d play as. Additionally, we had funding to offer scholarships of a varying degree and had to figure out who was getting what level of scholarship.

This is all boring logistics, but the tryouts themselves was anything but for me for a very specific reason. Coach Kaminski couldn’t be bothered to run tryouts, so Coach Taylor would be running it alongside our captains, Sarah and Michelle. We were to meet in the gymnasium and when I got there, all five recruits were already waiting, all lounging by the bleachers chatting. We were waiting for Coach Taylor to arrive and unlock the locker room. Aveline was already in gear, wearing a form-fitting long sleeve shirt and black volleyball shorts, but the others needed to change.

Aveline was a tall dark-skinned woman with long straight black hair all the way down her back. She had it in a ponytail for athletic events, but it still went very far down. I didn’t know how she wasn’t on our recruiting radar previously, but not only was she the perfect build for a blocker, she was the star player on her high school team. I later learned she was half-Native and half-Black from a rough background and went to a pretty overlooked and run-down high school, so that’s why she never ended up on a recruiter’s radar.

Back to the try-outs, I didn’t have keys to the women’s locker room (obviously) so I took a seat beside Sarah and Michelle, our team captains, who I knew pretty well at this point. They both needed to change, as well. Jessica was in a team t-shirt but it was tucked into a denim miniskirt, while Michelle was wearing a sleeveless green dress that came down to right above her knees.

I glanced over to the recruits, who were huddled together. Daniela seemed to have come straight from some professional event or class presentation, wearing a black halter top and high waisted grey dress pants. The short Latina had short, straight black hair down almost to her shoulders. She was probably the most iffy recruit, with a sparse athletic background, but she hustled hard and proved naturally gifted at the back row positions. Leslie and Mia, meanwhile, were both on the track team (but not cross country, otherwise they’d have previous commitments) and in fact, Mia was a known potential recruit when she was a high school senior but she chose to focus on track at the time.

I suppose now she felt she could juggle both and brought along her freshman teammate. Leslie was a tall and thin Asian wearing a college sweater and black jeans, her medium-length wavy black hair that was usually down now up in a ponytail for the tryout. Mia was a strawberry blonde with short wavy hair and was shorter than Leslie. Mia was wearing the track team t-shirt and blue running shorts. I think Leslie did long jump and Mia did pole vault. Either way, both were already extremely athletic and that carried over regardless of the sport.

Jasmin, finally, was a muscular Black girl with her hair in shoulder-length locs. She was wearing black leggings and a sports bra. Given her physique, I’d have to imagine she came straight from a gym workout. She looked more like a power weight lifter than a volleyball player, but her muscular strength didn’t stop her from being quick and able to jump high. So, despite not being particularly tall, her athletic skills would translate just fine to volleyball.

Sarah and Michelle weren’t very conversational, giving one word responses to certain questions and not keeping the conversation going. It didn’t seem anything to do with me, they just seemed distracted. Sarah, in particular, was rocking back and forth before settling down to a bent over position, arms hugging her own stomach.

Given the lack of conversation, my eyes wandered to the group of recruits. They, too, seemed restless. Mia was jiggling her legs rapidly, while Leslie and Aveline seemed stiff and awkward, not engaging with each other. Daniela had actually gotten up and was pacing back and forth by the door to the locker room. As she walked away from me, I could see clear pantylines through her dress pants. Jasmin, too, stood up, but not to pace. Jasmin leaned on the edge of the bleachers, bending over a little and crossing her legs. She bit her lips and seemed to shiver as she stood.

It was dawning on me what was going on - they needed to use the bathroom. I could see Aveline glancing at the clock as she began to bounce her legs a little. Leslie escalated to one hand by her crotch, but seemed to be doing best among the recruits in hiding her desperation. Jasmin bent over even more while Mia actively had both hands holding her crotch, her desperation clear as day at this point.

It wasn’t going much better with the team captains. I heard a low fart and looked back to see Sarah blushing. She stood up and I saw a glimpse up her miniskirt to see pink panties as she made her way to the locker room door. As she did that, I saw I could also see up Michelle’s green dress, her white thong visible due to her sitting on the bleacher a couple steps above mine. She was also restless, jiggling her left leg - which is why her legs were no longer closed and I could see her underwear.

As Sarah banged on the locker room door, I saw Daniela come to a standstill by the door as well. Daniela’s dress pants hid nothing as a splotch appeared. She bent over and thrust her hands in her crotch, raising each leg in turn as she had a potty dance, essentially. Meanwhile, Leslie crossed one leg over the other, her hand pinned against her crotch. Mia, though, seemed absolutely still despite having been bouncing her legs with her hands in her crotch a moment ago. She almost seemed to relax, and I wondered if she was letting go…

Sarah, too, went still. She stopped banging the door and jiggling the handle and she crossed her legs tightly as she stood, gripping the door handle. She seemed to bend over a little. She was still for about thirty seconds and I thought I saw glistening on the back of her legs but it didn’t seem she flooded herself. However, when she finally straightened up, she turned around and placed her back to the wall, her cheeks and ears bright red in embarrassment. She played with the back of her skirt, pulling them away and down and feeling her behind.

While that was happening, Daniela bent over again and I saw the wet spot grow larger than her hands could cover. She continued pacing, now with one hand permanently in her crotch. From behind, I could see a fist-sized wet spot as well. I heard another fart echo through the gymnasium, but this time it seemed Jasmin was the embarrassed one. Jasmin turned to rush to the locker room door but froze again. She was still gripping the side of the bleachers, but with her back facing me I could see a bulge clearly begin to form as it escaped her tightly clenched cheeks in her black leggings. A glistening appeared as well and raced down her legs as she fully lost control. By the time she was finished, the bulge was the size of an orange and clearly visible while her legs were totally wet. Everyone obviously noticed, but no one was in a position to comment themselves.

At that moment, though, I heard the gymnasium door open and saw the assistant coach walk in. I heard rustling beside me and saw Michelle begin to stand up. I got one last glimpse up her dress and saw her white thong had a clear dark spot where she must have leaked. Michelle then hurried to the door as the coach got there and unlocked the door. The coach pretended not to notice the desperate athletes. Daniela rushed in immediately, followed by Sarah, Michelle, and Jasmin. Mia entered next and I saw she did wet herself as the back of her blue shorts were entirely soaked. As Leslie got up, I saw she had a wet spot on her black jeans as well, though she hadn’t lost complete control it seemed. Aveline got up next and I couldn’t tell from a distance if she was wet or not until she started walking from the bleachers to the door. I could see glistening on her legs so she must have been leaking as she walked.

It took me a few seconds to recover from what I saw, but eventually I went up to the coach and began helping her set up the tryouts. The tryouts themselves went without a hitch and there was no evidence, either physical or psychological, of the embarrassing incidents that happened earlier - except Aveline’s volleyball shorts seemed faintly to have a darker spot, but it was extremely hard to tell unless you were looking for it. At the end, we offered the good news that they were all accepted and gave them all some financial compensation - including a full ride for Aveline. The assistant coach, who was black, was also particularly happy with the newfound diversity of the team with our recruits.

Aveline was to join Michelle and Eva as blockers while Leslie and Jasmin were to be hitters alongside Taylor, Lauren, and Charlotte. Jasmin would also train to be a serving specialist, trained by our current Jessica. Daniela and Mia would be back-up defensive specialists behind Whitney and Devin, with Daniela being trained to be a setter behind Sarah since Sarah was a senior and the setter was the most critical. If Daniela could be ready before the season really started, too, having two setters would be a game changer. Mia, meanwhile, was also training to be a libero, behind our current one, Shelley. With the good news, I think all embarrassment about accidents, if there were any, were long behind them. However, I would later learn accidents were actually quite common with woman athletes, and our team was living proof…

I thought this would be the only time I’d see so many examples of my particular… interest… so I did something I’m a bit ashamed of. The assistant coach forgot to lock up the women’s locker room after, so when everyone was gone and I was closing up the gymnasium, I made the rash decision to sneak inside. Mia, Daniela, and Jasmin left wearing their new volleyball gear so I knew they left their original clothes behind.

Inside the locker room, I saw the lockers were half-sized (one stack on top of the other) and had a design with multiple open holes so you could see inside, likely designed to avoid people hiding contraband. That meant I could see Daniela and Mia’s new lockers. Daniela’s was easy to spot since grey dress pants stood out. They were clearly wet and I wondered if her underwear was inside the pants. Mia’s blue shorts were visibly wet inside her locker, as well.

After that, I dug through the trash. Under a layer of tossed paper towels, I first found a white thong, fully soaked and stained yellow. It matched what I saw on Michelle. Under that were a pair of wet leggings balled up. I unfurled it and could see the inside was coated in poop and had a crumpled blue thong inside. I set that aside and picked up pink full cut panties next with both a clear wet stain and a large brown stain in the rear. That must have been Sarah’s. That left a pair of blue boyshorts in the trash, which I deduced to be Leslie based on the large wet spot on the back. After seeing all that, I left, feeling rather terrible about what kind of person I was but also with the images of their underwear burned into my head.

Training went well, but as our season began in earnest, I discovered an aspect of my job on the volleyball team that I would enjoy quite a bit - even though it was the job others hated the most. The position was often called speed wiper. What the position entailed was when players dove onto the ground or otherwise ended up on the ground, before the next rally the speed wiper would rush to the court and wipe down the floor.

This was in case there was dirt or sweat that a player’s body would leave - anything slippery could be extremely dangerous in volleyball. Usually, players and fans would refer to any wet spot as “sweat spots.” However, since I was the one wiping the floor, it soon became clear that “leak spot” would be a more accurate description. Many of the times, any wetness on the floor was really just a spurt or leak from the player. I couldn’t blame them, a hard hit on the ground would certainly jolt my bladder. But it fascinated me to get to know the players’ bladder control and their differences.

Jessica definitely had the weakest bladder. The long-haired blonde leaked on every dive or even jumps. I even saw her leak when setting the ball for a teammate. Fortunately for her, she was our serving specialist, so she didn’t see as much action. But a couple times, even the jolt of hitting the ball when serving or jumping for an overhand serve was accompanied by trickles down her legs. The black volleyball shorts were designed to be absorbent to an extent, but even when hers overflowed and I saw glistening on her legs, the shorts themselves rarely showed a hint of wetness.

The glistening, I’m sure, could be chalked up to sweat if a fan noticed. But I knew, mopping up after every dive, that she was leaking. Even though the volleyball shorts didn’t show much, sometimes where she was sitting on the bench would have a damp patch - or the bus seat on the ride home. She was a bubbly personality with a bright smile and never acknowledged it, and because of that neither did her teammates. Jessica brought a lot of energy and leadership to the team, and her teammates respected that. I personally had to wonder, though, if her bladder was weak enough it affected her outside of sports…

Whitney’s bladder was almost as bad. The dark brunette beauty had straight hair that she put in a ponytail, usually held by a bow. Whitney didn’t usually leak on simple jumps or actions like that, but every dive like clockwork left a small puddle for me to wipe up. She was more understated than Jessica, but similarly she refused to acknowledge her common bladder leaks. Occasionally, I saw her rub her legs together to hide the evidence further, but that was it.

Devin, Taylor, Lauren, and Charlotte leaked on occasion too, I noticed. A particularly big hit, or late in the game when they’re tired or maybe their bladder had filled up, there were regularly wet spots after they dove for the ball or otherwise fell to the floor. Devin was a short-haired blonde who put her hair in a bun. She had a bit of what some called “RBF” but was actually quite nice and funny when you talked to her. She did crack the occasional wry joke at her own expense to me. For instance, she once left a puddle the size of my hand after a particularly rough dive. After I wiped it up, she said, “If I could wear a diaper under these shorts, honestly I would.” I chuckled at that and reassured her it was no trouble.

Lauren was also blonde but with a rounder face and had wavy hair. She swept her hair back in a full ponytail during games. She would always give me an apologetic smile after I cleaned up a puddle of hers. Taylor, a brunette whose hair went to her shoulders, also would thank me directly after games, which I always appreciated. Charlotte, meanwhile, was younger with a bit of a baby face and she kept her dark hair in pigtails. She was always too embarrassed to make eye contact with me after I wiped up a puddle of hers.

One particular game stood out to me. This game was an away game and our opponent’s gymnasium was, for some reason, set really hot. So our players were chugging water through the game. This was also a brutal game. A volleyball match consisted of a best of five sets. Usually, games were decided with three or four sets. This one went to five, as we traded winning sets. Additionally, you had to win a set by two points - so for example, 25 was usually the winning set, but if the other team was at 24, you needed to get to 26. We were so evenly matched that two out of the first four sets went beyond 25 points.

By the time we got to the 5th set, I had to use a new towel because of all the leaks. Jessica and Whitney had leaked a lot. I felt like they must have completely emptied their bladder over the course of the game, Jessica leaving one puddle that genuinely was the size of a plate and left a glistening patch on the front of her volleyball shorts. Whitney’s shorts, too, glistened a little as she wiped down her legs to avoid evidence. Throughout the fourth set, Taylor and Charlotte were jiggling their legs whenever they were on the bench and Devin and Sarah had their legs tightly crossed. Lauren, too, showed signs of desperation, though for what I was unsure. It was clear throughout the 4th set when she was playing that her butt was tightly clenched, the volleyball shorts hiding nothing. Sometimes she clenched them tighter, too, and sometimes they unclenched for a moment, which was mesmerizing for me.

This set the stage for a particularly chaotic fifth set. Eva, Sarah, Devin, Shelley, Taylor, and Lauren started. Lauren was serving and had her cheeks tightly clenched. This didn’t stop her from hitting a solid serve that the opposing team managed to return. Sarah went to set the ball and Eva spiked it. I saw when Eva landed, though, a glistening appeared on her legs. The opposing team managed to return it, and Devin had to dive down to get it. When she got up, I saw a clear puddle where she was.

Taylor, fortunately, managed to hit it back after Sarah set it again and they won the point, but Eva, Lauren, and Devin looked really uncomfortable. I quickly wiped down the puddles before the next rally started. The next point, players were clearly distracted as Taylor and Shelley went for the same dive. As they landed and missed, I saw Shelley leak a little while Taylor fully peed for a moment. I had a clear shot at Taylor’s crotch, which glistened and I could literally see a stream escape. Sarah called for a timeout and the players hobbled over as I cleaned up the floor. My towel was literally soaked after Taylor’s accident and I threw it out and grabbed a fresh one.

In the huddle, Lauren crossed her legs tightly. “Coach… I gotta go to the bathroom. I can’t play.” Sarah agreed. Sarah had prevented some leaks on court, but she was literally holding her legs crossed in the huddle with a hand in her crotch. Meanwhile, the others were just seemingly exhausted, their lack of bladder control a symptom of their tired muscles. The coach agreed to work on some substitutions.

A couple points later, Sarah had to dive for the ball even though that wasn’t her position. When she landed, I knew immediately she leaked as the floor glistened when she cleaned up. After the point, I quickly wiped it down and Sarah mouthed thank you to me. By the 10th point, Sarah had gotten herself subbed out and was sitting by me. The coach was desperate enough managing people’s exhaustion that the newbies were all in. Daniela was setting, Jasmin was serving, Mia was playing libero, and Leslie completed the back row while Aveline played blocker. Charlotte was also in, along with Eva.

Lauren had snuck back to the locker room, but Sarah was trying to stay supportive of the team. She was distracting with her legs constantly shaking, but what happened next was unexpected. She asked me for two towels and I gave them to her. She sat on one and wrapped the other around her. Even with the court activities, I could soon hear a tinkling as she peed through the towels and some leaked below her chair. However, I doubt anyone in the stands could see what she was doing - plus, they were watching the game. Sarah kept the towels around her for the rest of the game while I tried to pretend not to notice and focus on my job.

I observed the court, looking for wet spots that I’d have to clean up. I also noted that we were now up 12-10 and the 5th set was to 15 points, so we were close to winning. Jasmin served the ball and it was immediately returned. Mia dove for the ball and managed to keep it going, though when she stood up I saw I was going to have a job to do. Daniela set it and Charlotte rushed up to spike it and we won the point. I saw as Charlotte landed from her jump trickles burst out of her shorts and ran down her legs. She rubbed her legs together casually to hide the evidence and her volleyball shorts didn’t really give anything away, aside from a momentary glistening. I quickly mopped up where Mia dove and stopped by Charlotte and also dabbed at a couple tiny puddles by her. She looked embarrassed that I’d noticed, since usually I’m only supposed to towel after people dove.

The next rally, Leslie and Jasmin left puddles on the ground as they each returned the ball. Neither acknowledged it, as the pressure of the game depending on mostly rookies made them focused. We were now up 14-10 and about to win. However, the nerves were getting to the players and we lost the next two. I saw Daniela was nervously pacing during down time and jiggling her legs - out of nerves or desperation, I didn’t know. In fact, despite no strenuous activity, after the other team scored their 12th point, I saw trickles flow down Daniela’s legs. I don’t know if she noticed she was wetting herself, because she seemed extremely nervous about the game. Aveline, too, had her butt tightly clenched like Lauren was earlier, which was slowing her down. The next rally, Aveline jumped to block a hit and was successful, but when she landed I heard a clear fart ring out. No one acknowledged it, nor would anyone but me really notice who it was, but I knew.

They managed to return it though and it went in an awkward spot with no one present, so Daniela dove for it even though she was the setter. She successfully saved it and Mia quickly set it haphazardly, but it was enough for Jasmin to hit it and we won the rally, which meant we won the match 15-13. Everyone jumped up to cheer except Daniela who stayed on the ground. I ran over to check on her and realized she was just fully peeing laying down on the ground, frozen in embarrassment. I mopped up around her and awkwardly patted her back to comfort her. She eventually got up, gave me a nod while her cheeks were bright red in embarrassment, and I finished cleaning up her area.

On the court and crouching, I was eye level with people’s crotch and I saw Eva had a trickle burst out. She grabbed her crotch and ran off court, her legs glistening as she ignored the celebrations and high fiving. I’m sure people in the audience knew why she ran off court, but no one knew she was already peeing besides me. As the players shook the opponents’ hands, I saw Aveline had the first hint of a bulge appear through her tightly clenched ass. The moment she was done shaking hands, she too rushed to the locker room, the bulge growing ever so slightly.

Eventually, everyone had gone to the locker room and some girls put on sweatpants while others stayed in their shorts. We got on the bus, happy and celebratory we won a tough game. Sarah sat in the back and beckoned me over. Charlotte and Daniela sat in the row beside us while I sat next to Sarah. As the bus took off, Sarah turned to me and said, “You know, the team has noticed how dedicated you are at covering for us.”

I think I knew what she meant but wasn’t sure where this was going. She boldly moved my hand to her volleyball shorts, which were still soaked. “You know what I mean.”

I looked over and saw Charlotte and Daniela were watching with interest. They nodded at me, agreeing with Sarah. Sarah continued. “I think you deserve a reward for your hard work… and for keeping our… incidents… a secret.”

Sarah moved her hand over to my sweatpants. Sarah kissed me and she soon felt my reaction as she slipped her hand inside my sweatpants. I moved my hand on her shorts to her crotch and began fingering her. The wet fabric felt amazing. She took a moment to guide my hand inside her elastic shorts and I felt her thong underneath - most players didn’t wear any underwear at all, but I discovered over time Sarah always wore thongs. I fingered her through her wet thong as she gave me a handjob. I glanced over at Daniela and Charlotte and saw Charlotte was fingering herself watching as Daniela watched with interest as well. This was all overwhelming and I quickly came right into my sweatpants. Fortunately, that helped me get Sarah to cum as well, and I felt a few more leaks spurt out of her onto my hand. I slipped my hand out and Sarah panted as she looked down at the wet spot in my sweatpants. “Now we both have wet pants…”

Fortunately, Sarah did me the service of standing right in front of me when we had to get off the bus. But that wouldn’t be the only sexual thank you I got from a player. At another game, Michelle was feeling unwell and spent downtime clutching her stomach. At one point, she spiked the ball down and as she landed, I saw her cheeks open up and a bulge begin to appear. Panicked, she called a time-out and began to walk off, telling the assistant coach to sub her out. I quickly followed her as I saw the bulge go from barely visible to the size of a clementine. I stood right behind her to block anyone from seeing. We got to the women’s locker room and now out of sight of anyone, she bent over and grunted as she lost all final semblance of control, trickles of pee running down her leg as the mess grew to the size of an orange. I could hear the crackling and soft farts as it came out. She turned to me, massively embarrassed. “Thank you so much for covering for me.”

She pulled me into the locker room and gave me a kiss. When we pulled away, she noticed I had a rather obvious bulge. She smiled. “Even like this I can still have that effect? Honestly, that makes me feel better. Let me pay you back.”

Little did she know I was aroused because of her accident, not in spite, but she took me back to the bathroom stall and seated me down and pulled down my pants. The sight of her blowing me with a load in her shorts was bliss for me and I came quickly. After, she winked at me and shoo’d me out of the locker room to return to my job at the game while she changed.

Eva and I, too, hooked up once. On Tuesday practices, Eva had to go to a class right after practice. Well, turns out Eva leaked quite regularly in practice and on one particular Tuesday, she rushed over to me and pulled me aside. “I have a big favor to ask of you.”

“What is it?”

She lowered her voice. “Umm… I, uh, leaked and I need new underwear before I go to my class after practice. Could you quickly go buy me a pair? I’ll pay you back.”

I was taken aback, but maybe she asked me because I already knew players leaked on a regular basis. “Ummm… Yeah, sure. But how do I know what kind?”

She took me back behind the bleachers and then lowered her volleyball shorts. Again, most players wore nothing, but a couple wore thongs and boyshorts because those were least likely to leave a visible pantyline. Eva was wearing blue boyshorts and by showing me, I saw the clear visible wet spot on the lower third of the front. She pulled them up again, obviously not modeling to me though I wish I saw her ass in those panties. I nodded at her, though, seeing enough to pick out a similar pair.

When I was back, Eva was sitting on the bench while the younger players had a scrimmage, so she quickly stepped out without the coaches minding. When no one was looking, she beckoned me into the girl’s locker room. Inside, I showed her what I got. “Perfect,” she said. She quickly venmo’d me the cost and then said, “I think you deserve a little extra.”

She leaned in for a kiss. “I’ve seen how you look at us players… You want this?”

I couldn’t deny that… I guess I wasn’t as subtle in checking them out as I thought, but at least Eva didn’t think I was a creep. She moved my hand to her ass. She was taller than me but not a stick, and her ass felt heavenly, especially as I could feel towards the lower end a dampness. She soon pulled away and changed out of her shorts and panties and put on the new boyshorts I got her. I noticed the tiniest wet spot appeared since she didn’t dry herself off, but I didn’t comment. She rummaged through her locker for her pants and intentionally bent over, showing me her ass in the new panties - little did she know I wish she did that without changing!

She pulled out a pair of light blue jeans and a towel then turned back to me. “Before I change, let me take care of you.”

She took off all her clothes and beckoned me to do the same. I was frozen for a moment, staring at her athletic body. Then she led me to the showers, bringing only her towel. She turned on the shower and stroked me off while I fingered her. She came in my hands and I felt another spurt. Fortunately, the shower covered the sounds of her moans, I think. That obviously sent me over the edge. After a moment under the water, she asked, “Was that payment enough?”

“More than enough... “

“Good. I enjoyed it myself. But you need to get out of here now before everyone else comes in.”

I understood and dried myself off and put in my clothes and exited out the back door so no one saw.

The last player I hooked up with was Shelley, and we actually had a more long term relationship. Not officially dating, but we hooked up regularly. What set it off was at one practice she really had to go, but the coach was in a particularly gruff mood so there weren’t any breaks. In between drills, Shelley was crossing her legs and bouncing around. She noticed I was watching her with particular interest, and I’m not sure if she thought I was checking her out in general or because of her desperation, but she definitely started putting on a show for me specifically. She would bend over when she was standing in front of me, pushing her ass in my face. She was one of the three players who wore underwear, and on this occasion I noticed she was wearing a thong, that’s how close she put her ass to me. When she had to move to a different part of the court, she looked down and saw I was definitely paying attention and aroused and smirked at me.

Soon after, they had a drill on spiking. The team captains took turns setting the ball while everyone took turns spiking. Shelley, on her second attempt, let out a trickle as she landed, the glistening line clear as day to where I was sitting. She looked over and saw me looking straight at her legs. I think it was then she knew for sure what excited me…

After practice ended she came to sit by me, supposedly to grab one of the water bottles I had to pass out to players. As she drank her water, she crossed her legs tightly. “You know… I still haven’t gone to the bathroom.”

I nodded. She continued, “Is that why you’re looking? Because I have to pee?”

I wish I came up with something clever or nicer, like “Also because you’re beautiful” but alas, I just nodded. She didn’t seem to mind. I think she got off on the idea of teasing me and the control it gave her, bizarrely. She was the one about to have an accident, but she had me on a leash.

She sat beside me, bouncing her left leg over her right leg, drinking her water. I looked down and saw her crotch glisten momentarily as another spurt escaped. The gymnasium soon cleared as the other players entered the locker room and the coaches left entirely. She turned to me and said, “Seems you got a problem down there.”

I gulped, a bit speechless and her boldness. She continued, “Let me help you.”

She pulled down my athletic shorts I was wearing that day and pulled down my boxer briefs as well, toying with me with her hands. She then took off her volleyball shorts and thong and sat directly on me and I felt myself enter her. As she rode me, I fingered her clitoris and felt spurts and trickles escape as she rode me. She gasped, “I have to go so bad, but I’m not going to go until you cum.”

I grunted, “I’m about to…”

She rode me faster then, and I felt myself empty into her. I pulled her close and kept at her clit and hearing and feeling me cum dragged her across the finish line, too, her moans echoing in the gymnasium. It also led to her totally losing control as I felt piss gush over my crotch and she emptied her bladder on me.

After we sat there breathing heavily for a few seconds, she got up and pulled up her wet thong and her shorts and gave me a quick kiss. “Thanks for showing me a good time, towel boy.”

She took off while I was still in a daze, unable to respond except to pull up my now wet pants in case anyone showed up. Shelley and I hooked up a couple more times. Once, just for the sake of it after practice. Another time, we were on the bus back home from a game. She and I sat next to each other and she was squirming. She was shaking with effort as she crossed her legs repeatedly and rocked back and forth. Since she knew my secret, I openly checked her out and she saw the effect her desperation had on me. In fact, I’m pretty sure she was obvious on purpose.

Eventually, I saw a glistening appear on her crotch despite her tightly crossed legs. Despite her desperation, she saw the reaction I had and quickly began fondling me. She kept leaking in little spurts, her shorts giving it away by glistening each time. Soon, enough leaked that there was a pool of liquid rolling off the seat onto the bus floor. Despite only touching me through my clothes, this sight was heavenly to me and she felt me cum right there. She smirked as a wet spot appeared on my pants, more obvious than her black volleyball shorts. She spread her legs wide open then and let go, finishing peeing right there on the bus seat.

Speaking of bus rides, once I saw multiple players have accidents after a game. This was a long game, too, and to make matters worse the school had closed the opposing team locker room for renovations so we had no access to bathrooms. After the game, we had to immediately pile onto the bus. I sat in the back again with Shelley. It was a long bus ride, too, and I was pretty certain I’d see several accidents. In fact, Shelley was one of the girls who was desperate, crossing her legs as she sat next to me. I wondered if the girls who peed on the court as they played might be at an advantage now, since they had sort of emptied their bladder. I had to clean up particularly large wet spots from Taylor, Lauren, Jessica, Charlotte, and Whitney today.

Those players, alongside Devin and Michelle, were sitting up front so even if they did have an accident, I wouldn’t be able to see. However, word did get back to us about halfway through the ride that apparently Jessica had peed on the bus. I had to wonder if Jessica’s bladder was the size of a walnut, since she was always peeing in-game and now was the first to lose it.

Across from Shelley and I were Sarah and Eva. Meanwhile the seats in front of us were Daniela, Aveline, Jasmin, and Mia. I couldn’t see Daniela and Aveline because they were directly in front of us, but I could see Shelley was bouncing her legs (and I could feel it, sitting next to her!) while Sarah had her legs tightly crossed as she gripped the edge of the seat with her hands. Eva was hunched over, arms around her stomach. I could imagine she didn’t just have to pee. Jasmin and Mia were visible too, with Jasmin looking stiff as she grabbed the seat in front of her and avoided moving too much and Mia had her hands literally in her crotch.

As the bus ride went on, I could literally see Shelley leak over time. Since she knew about my… preferences… I openly looked as she wiggled her legs and moved one over the other. She didn’t slow down her fidgeting when a pool of piss appeared, collecting together momentarily because of her legs being tightly crossed. She uncrossed and it disappeared into the seat. A few minutes later, another spurt came out, this one rolling off the seat a little. I looked past Shelley and could see the seat under Sarah had trickles flowing out, too.

A couple minutes after that, I could hear a trickle but didn’t see anyone beside me lose control (other than a renewed glistening from a spurt from Shelley). I looked down, though, and saw a growing puddle from the seat ahead moving towards me. I couldn’t tell if it was Daniela or Aveline but one of them must have given up. Mia must have seen and joined whoever it was in giving up, and I could see her spread her legs apart as she peed freely through her black volleyball shorts. The sight of two girls letting go was too much for Sarah, who despite her tightly crossed legs and thrusting her hands in her crotch, began letting go in spurts.

I could tell because the puddle around her ass grew in bursts and trickles fell from the seat in waves. Eva stood up to avoid the puddle but this was a mistake as I saw the beginnings of a bulge appear now that she wasn’t sitting down. She froze in panic as the bulge grew. The loss of control also led to her leaking as wet streaks began to form on her legs. Soon, there was a very obvious, orange-sized bulge in Eva’s seat and she didn’t dare sit back down on it, spending the rest of the ride leaning on the seat in front of her. No one else commented, though, understanding the circumstances. Shelley, too, let out a couple more spurts, but it seemed she let out enough to hold it.

Soon after, we pulled back into our campus and girls raced off the bus to get to the bathroom. Sarah shielded Eva from behind in case there were people out and about and they got out quickly. Shelley smirked at me, knowing I was also in a compromising position with an obvious boner and she stood in front of me. The ladies like Shelley that just peed themselves were pretty safe from incriminating evidence since the black volleyball shorts weren’t too obvious, though I felt bad for whoever had to clean the bus. Shelley stood in front of me, protecting me from being caught as the pervert I was. Daniela, Jasmin, and Aveline got out in front of us, and I could tell from the faintly darker patch it was Daniela that had peed earlier in the seat in front of us.

As we shuffled off the bus, I could see trickles roll down Jasmin’s legs, subtle but clear she was leaking. When we stepped off the bus, the large step caused a spurt to escape straight between her legs and onto the pavement below. Additionally, I could see Aveline’s butt was clenched, volleyball shorts hiding nothing. Usually we’d have some sort of debrief after the game, but the head coach wanted to go home and the assistant coach understood our suffering so they let us go straight home. Jasmin raced to the nearest campus building, a couple lines of glistening and small dark patches on the cement following her.

Shelley said, “”Want to come to my place?”

I happily agreed. She lived in an apartment just off of campus. We began walking there and I was happy it was after hours on campus so few people were around, since my arousal had not yet abated. It wasn’t going to, either, as I saw Aveline ahead of us. I realized Aveline lived on the same block as Shelley and we were walking toward the same place. She was walking with smaller steps than usual, and it didn’t take long before we caught up. When we did, I could see just the faintest point, like the tip of a finger, sticking out of her. She realized soon after we were by her. “Oh, hey guys…”

Shelley asked, “Umm, you okay?”

“No, I don’t think I’m going to make it home…”

Shelley was encouraging. “You got this! And if you don’t, I already halfway peed myself on the bus so you’re in good company.”

Aveline responded with a low fart and I saw the bulge move and get just a little bigger. Aveline looked embarrassed for a moment then giggled. She said, “I bet all those boys checking us out at every volleyball game wouldn’t expect me to do that.”

I thought to myself, well… You’d be surprised… but I kept to myself. There wasn’t enough room on the sidewalk for us to walk three abreast so I stood behind Shelley and Aveline, which did me the added bonus of hiding my perverseness and allowed me to see both their asses clearly, something I was not complaining about. Shelley was shorter and more curvaceous, her ass a feature many guys liked. Aveline was, as a blocker, taller, and she was on the skinny side. But they were both beautiful, athletic, and right now, desperate.

Shelley began talking to Aveline about school to distract themselves, and I honestly tuned out the conversation as I focused on what was in front of me. Aveline successfully held it for another couple blocks, but as we turned the corner to get to our destination street, Aveline froze for a second and bent over. The bulge grew to the size of a golf ball, now obvious to anyone looking, and a trickle went down her left leg. She began racing down the street, the bulge growing in size as she speed-walked and another trickle following. She yelled, “See you at practice tomorrow!”

Then she left us in the dust, though I could still see the bulge by the time she was at her apartment door, since it was so much bigger by then. Shelley and I were left momentarily stunned at the sight before she pulled me along to her door, which was closer to where we were. We got to the front door of her apartment and she turned to me. She looked expectantly at me and I wondered what she wanted until I heard the tell-tale pitter patter of urine splattering on concrete. I looked down and could see the streams rolling down her legs as she spread them apart so they’d fall at her knees rather than in her shoes. I could literally hear the hissing of urine being pushed out of her body. I stared, entranced, and when she was done I pulled her close and kissed her. She returned the kiss then unlocked the door and dragged me in. We had a good night.

The last story I have from this team is my favorite. We had a party just for us - no coaches, no non-team members, just the players and myself. We made it to the playoffs for our division and got further than our school had gotten in a decade. The tryouts worked and the new players had blossomed into strong assets. We were all in happy, contented moods. In fact, the team we lost to finally actually won the whole division tournament - so there was no shame in who we lost to, either.

Sarah, Michelle, and Eva lived together and they hosted the party, as the outgoing seniors and team captains. They also had the biggest place, a three bedroom house. Given the small group, Sarah, Michelle, and Eva provided some party snacks while the rest of us brought alcohol. I came in with a couple six packs of beers. Michelle greeted me and showed me where to put the alcohol, dressed comfortably in her own home. She was wearing black leggings and a brown tank top.

I passed Eva, who was finishing setting up the snacks on a table. She was wearing high waisted jean shorts and a white tank top. While it seemed they were dressed casually rather than dressing up for the party, they seemed to be the responsible ones. I stepped out of the kitchen into the living room and saw the third host, Sarah, who was dressed for the party but decidedly NOT doing anything responsible but was in fact doing shots with Shelley. Shelley was wearing a white crop top and matching white jeans but Sarah was wearing a rather revealing leather outfit, with leather pants and a leather top closer to a bra than a shirt.

I looked to another corner and saw the newbies sipping on beers sitting in a corner. Daniela was also wearing a white crop top, but Daniela’s was thinner and had a lace covering of her cleavage and she wore blue jeans. Jasmin was wearing black pants that were halfway between dress formal and casual, the material like dress pants but the top tied together like sweatpants. She had a brown long sleeve shirt as well. Mia was wearing black leggings and a college t-shirt Leslie was wearing a simple pair of black jeans and a college sweater (matching with Mia), while Aveline was dressed in a green long sleeve and white sweatpants. I guess she was prioritizing comfort and didn’t want to bother to dress up. Certainly, it was more casual than a house party so I couldn’t blame her.

I went around saying hi before joining Sarah and Shelley’s corner, since they were the two I knew best at this point. Soon after I settled in, Jessica, Taylor, Devin, and Lauren arrived, setting down their drinks and taking off jackets and other outer layers. Jessica was wearing a short white dress with thin spaghetti straps. Taylor was wearing high waisted blue jeans and a dark blue with white polka dot top. Lauren was wearing a floral dress. Devin was wearing a purple form-fitting top that was halfway between a crop top and a tank top and had spaghetti straps. Her pants were a dark material seemingly halfway between jeans and dress pants, with a long zipper in the front. The four of them doubled the amount of alcohol on hand and they went to the kitchen to set out their contributions.

Soon after everyone had said their hellos the final guests, Charlotte and Whitney, arrived. Whitney was wearing high waisted black jeans with three buttons in the front and a green sweater with the front tucked into the jeans. Charlotte wore a white t-shirt and a floral skirt that was quite short.

With everyone present, we began some drinking games, some of us playing flip cup on one table while another foldable table was spread out for beer pong. Others of us just mingled and sipped our drinks as we talked. Things went as normal for a while, but people got more open as they got more inebriated. People started admitting to embarrassing secrets or their past hookups. However, things got interesting for me when Sarah drunkenly came to me and put her arm around me. She said loudly, “Hey, I never got to thank you for being the best team manager we’ve had. You always do your job and… You’re the best at toweling up our accidents.”

Devin punched Sarah for being so blatant and crass. I tried to play it off. “Hey, whatever helps the team.”

Charlotte chimed in, herself drunk and swaying. “No, for real. I get so embarrassed but you don’t even seem to mind.”

“It’s really no big deal.”

Taylor disagreed. “You do it without complaints and you don’t tell anyone. It is a big deal. I say we toast to our esteemed manager!”

The girls all took a sip or chug of whatever they were holding. That’s when Sarah chimed in again. “Hey, while we’re on the topic… Since we’ve all peed on the court… We should see who actually can hold it the longest. We should have a holding contest!”

Some looked skeptical. Mia, however, was the first to speak up. “You’re on!”

With Mia in, Leslie agreed, and after her the freshmen all followed suit. Sarah taunted the remaining girls. “The freshmen are down, you afraid to lose to them? Besides, I’m team captain, we should do what I want.”

Sarah was obviously drunk, so Michelle stepped in. “Co-captain. I’m the other captain and your roommate and I say… Let’s do it.”

I was surprised the more serious Michelle agreed to it, but with her down everyone else agreed. Michelle went to lock the bathroom and we went back to our conversations and drinks. Everything seemed normal for the next half an hour and I even almost forgot about it until Shelley sidled up to me and whispered, “Bet you love this, huh.”

I whispered back, “Can’t say I’m complaining. But I am also hoping to win.”

Shelley laughed. “We’ll see… Look, some girls are desperate already. Look at Jessica.”

Jessica was shifting her weight between each leg repeatedly, sometimes raising and lowering each foot as a fidget. I wasn’t surprised to see her desperate first - she seemed to have a bladder the size of a walnut at games and practices.

Shelley and I stood to the side together observing the crowd. The others were carrying on like it was a normal party, chatting over drinks and occasionally dancing in the center of the living room where Sarah had set up a dance playlist. No one seemed to be cutting back on alcohol or taking the contest too seriously yet, but Shelley soon pointed out Taylor was also crossing her legs as she chatted with Lauren. I noted Lauren was tapping her foot, a little more subtle than Taylor. Soon after I pointed out to Shelley that Devin and Jasmin were talking with both women sitting on the couch and their legs tightly crossed, with Jasmin openly holding her crotch while Devin rocked back and forth a bit.

In another corner, I noticed Mia and Whitney approaching Michelle together. I imagine they were asking for the key but Michelle shook her head no. Sarah came by and reinforced Michelle before dragging the two reluctant women to the dance floor. Shelley and I gave each other a knowing look and giggled. Also dancing was Charlotte, and as she danced I saw her short floral skirt bounce up a little. I caught glimpses of her purple thong - not much to stop any leaks! Which, looking at her, seemed to be inevitable as she sometimes stopped dancing to cross her legs or bend over.

I said to Shelley, “Seems half the crowd is desperate already.”

Shelley replied, “We didn’t even go beforehand, so I’m not sure this is even a fair contest.”

I nodded. “True. But what are you saying, you afraid to lose?”

Shelley laughed at my attempt to banter. “I pee my pants in front of this crowd every practice, who cares. By the way, how desperate do you think you are?”

I thought for a moment. “Hmm… Like a 5. I can feel my bladder but I don’t really need to go. You?”

“Maybe a 6. In normal circumstances if I didn’t have anything to do I might go pee but definitely not desperate. Unlike some people.”

We both looked at Jessica, who was now double crossing her legs as she stood, bent over a little in her white dress. I couldn’t stand and stare like a pervert forever, though, and Shelley took me to the dance floor to dance with her. I think at this point, despite having hooked up with Eva and Sarah previously, people on the team knew Shelley and I were unofficially sort of an item, and some other girls cheered us on as we danced. I certainly wasn’t a very good dancer compared to a bunch of college athletes, but I enjoyed myself nonetheless.

After a couple songs, I glanced around and saw the first signs of leaking from Jessica, who had two glistening trails down each leg. I whispered in Shelley’s ear to take a look and she nodded, seeing the evidence as well. Soon after, Taylor turned a little. She was sideways to us, but now that she was facing towards us I could see a wet patch on her crotch. Taylor crossed her legs and placed her hands in front of her crotch, hiding the evidence as she talked to Lauren and Devin. Jessica was in a corner with Charlotte and Whitney, and unlike Taylor Jessica made no move like she even acknowledged having leaked.

After another song, Shelley and I were tired and made for one of the drinking games. Shelley dragged some of her teammates over to play flip cup first, and she and I joined forces with Jasmin. Shelley approached Taylor, Lauren, and Devin to play - Taylor politely declined but stood by the table while Lauren and Devin joined us. Charlotte joined in as well, with Whitney and Jessica standing by to observe their friend.

After a few minutes of setup and rounding people up, Shelley and Lauren began, both draining their drinks and then attempting to flip the cup correctly on the table. Lauren was standing with her legs crossed and fidgeting as she attempted her flips, slowing her down and soon it was Jasmin’s turn, who struggled a little to drain her beer as an inexperienced freshman. Lauren finally succeeded and Devin drained her beer like a pro, catching up to Jasmin. As Lauren finished her final flip I noticed she had a glistening trail below her dress down to her foot on her left leg.

Devin, however, finished without incident and Charlotte was next. Charlotte, too, seemed to dance a little as she worked to drink while Jasmin finally successfully flipped the cup. I drained my beer and Charlotte and I began flipping at the same time. We both struggled to accomplish the task, Charlotte distracted by her desperate need to pee and me distracted by keeping one eye on her legs. I finally accomplished the flip and looked up to see Charlotte frozen for a second before attempting one more flip. She did it correctly but too late, and when she stood up I could see her knees were wet and there were a couple small wet spots on the hardwood floor.

I also glanced over at Taylor and Jessica while they watched and noticed a renewed glistening on Jessica’s legs and that Taylor’s wet spot grew too big for her hands to hide it completely.

We all agreed that flip cup was too heavy on the drinking for our circumstances and decided to switch to beer pong. Shelley and I worked to set up beer pong while the others had various potty dances while they waited.

We kept the same teams except Charlotte got Whitney to sub in for her as Charlotte’s desperation increased. Beer pong was a decidedly good choice in that there was less drinking but it took longer, so I could observe the opponents’ desperation.

A few rounds in, and I thought I saw a momentary darkening on Whitney’s crotch as she threw the ball. She looked sheepish and crossed her legs after her throw, keeping her hands down and in front of her which seemed to give it away that she leaked. It seemed Whitney was just as desperate as Charlotte, who had subbed out. I glanced over at Charlotte and saw that despite how badly she needed to pee, she was on the dance floor again. I looked back and saw Jasmin ready to go and she crossed her legs for a moment before taking her shot, showing her first sign of desperation. As Jasmin shot, I noticed an expanding wet spot on Taylor’s jeans before it was contained. She continued standing stoically as if she wasn’t slowly losing control, though.

Devin went then I shot and missed badly and waited for Lauren to go. I had one eye on Lauren, who I knew leaked earlier, with one leg on Charlotte on the dance floor. It was Charlotte who showed signs of losing it more first, as she jumped around on the dance floor. Her skirt momentarily rose up and I saw her purple thong had a clear dark patch on the front. Her legs seemed wet and I wondered if she was just slowly peeing as she danced. Given the occasional drink spills and constant footsteps, unless she let it all out at once it would be hard to notice anything on the floor.

After Lauren went, during Shelley’s turn, I glanced over at Taylor and Jessica. Taylor’s wet spot was continuing to grow in short spurts, now reaching down her thighs, while I saw a puddle growing at Jessica’s feet. I didn’t see any streams between her legs but both legs seemed wet. I guessed she had let go slowly so it would trickle out and roll down her legs, causing less of a scene.

Whitney leaked again when she threw the ball, though the dark spot wasn’t obvious on her already dark jeans. It was then Lauren who peed next, though hers was more than a leak. As Lauren waited for me to take the shot, she froze and gripped her dress before hurriedly putting her legs apart and pulling her dress away from her crotch. I saw a stream go straight to the floor (also I missed my shot, unsurprisingly) and she gave up and fully let go, peeing right at her side of the table.

Slowly, the room realized and noticed that particular accident and cheers and applause rippled through the room, which made Lauren crack a smile and seem less embarrassed. As she finished peeing, Michelle said, “Looks like we have the first person down!”

Charlotte shook her head and said, “Actually, I peed as well.”

Everyone turned to her. Charlotte sheepishly raised her skirt, showing everyone her darkened and soaked purple thong. People cheered again and then Michelle said, “We’re gonna have to come up with a way to track this. Hang on.”

Michelle disappeared for a moment and reappeared with a whiteboard. She wrote down everyone’s names and crossed off Lauren and Charlotte’s names. She wrote down the time next to Lauren as well - 11:07 PM.

“Charlotte, what time did you pee?”

“Like 5 minutes ago.”

“Perfect. Did anyone else pee?”

I looked over at Jessica and Taylor. Taylor’s jeans at this point were soaked to the knees and she realized she had essentially lost the battle already. As they both sheepishly raised their hands, Taylor fully let go, the dark half of the jeans expanding down to her feet. Jessica, too, pulled up her dress for a moment, showing wet full cut white panties. The wet patch made it partially transparent, too, and the image of her transparent underwear was seared in my head.

Everyone saw Jessica show her underwear and Taylor finish wetting herself and cheered them on. Eva went to grab a towel to help people clean up the now numerous puddles on the floor. Michelle finished writing on the board and it now read like this:

Jessica - 11:03 PM

Whitney

Taylor - 11:04 PM

Lauren - 11:07 PM

Charlotte - 11:02 PM

Devin

Jasmin

Mia

Eva

Leslie

Aveline

Shelley

*redacted (me)*

Sarah

Daniela

Michelle

Michelle proudly stuck the magnetic white board to the kitchen. Slowly, the room returned to party festivities, and with everyone cheering and normalizing the accidents, the more embarrassed Jessica and Taylor rejoined the party fully, despite Taylor’s visibly wet jeans. They both now joined Charlotte on the dance floor.

Meanwhile, our beer pong game continued with Whitney and Jasmin crossing their legs and fidgeting as they waited their turns. Lauren, after wiping up her puddle, was poking fun, telling them to just let go and talking about how relieved she was. At the end of the game, which Shelley, Jasmin, and I won, Lauren bantered with her teammate Whitney for a bit, saying they lost because she was distracted. Lauren said, “Let go, you’ll feel so much better!”

Lauren then lifted her dress to show Whitney her soaked underwear, white cheeky panties. She was facing away from me so I saw the lower one third of the back was wet. Whitney giggled and said, “Honestly, I don’t think I can hold it any longer.”

Whitney stood there and spread her legs a little and let go, her existing wet spot growing as her dark jeans became darker and shinier. The pee streamed down her jeans and began forming a puddle on the floor and Lauren went to grab a towel for her. I stared before Shelley noticed and dragged me away, not wanting me to be so obviously mesmerized. Whitney then went to cross her name off and write “11:18 PM” next to her name.

Shelley asked, “How bad do you have to go?”

“Hmm… a 7 I’d say. I could definitely go but it’s not quite an emergency yet.”

“I’m at an 8. I can feel the urge pretty strongly. In any normal situation I’d probably go now. Who do you think is losing it next?”

“Definitely Jasmin.”

Jasmin seemed at a loss of what to do next, standing by the beer pong table with her legs crossed and hands at her waist. Devin, too, actually, seemed to pee dance in place by Whitney and Lauren, no doubt her desperation worsened by seeing Whitney pee her jeans. Shelley noticed that. “I’ll say Devin then. Let’s see who’s right.”

It didn’t take too long of waiting to find out. After a little bit longer, Jasmin hurried over to Michelle and whispered something urgently in her ear. Michelle was nodding thoughtfully then said something back that Jasmin didn’t seem to like. Michelle announced to the room, loud enough to hear over the music, “Attention! We need to make a decision about the contest.”

She waited for everyone to settle down before continuing, “What if someone has to poop? Do we let them go or not? Let’s put it to a vote. Everyone that says yes, raise your hand.”

Jasmin immediately raised her hand, followed by Mia and Eva. I imagine that would make them the women that had to poop. Michelle said, “Who says no?”

Everyone else raised there hand. Michelle turned to Jasmin. “Sorry, majority vote.”

Jasmin groaned and in front of everyone, fully let go. Her black pants became drenched quickly as piss raced down her legs. From where I was, I couldn’t hear or see anything about her messing herself, but when she turned around to cross off her name on the list, I saw a clear bulge that was more visible when she was walking as her pants tightened mid-stride. Jasmin crossed off her name and wrote 11:25 PM for the time. Other girls went to comfort her and bring her drinks to cheer her up.

I turned to Shelley. “I guess I win.”

Shelley said, “Not so fast…”

I looked over at Devin. She was standing in a corner by herself and there was a puddle forming at her feet. She was also wearing black pants, though they showed the glistening of urine less obviously than Jasmin’s. In addition to her sneakily peeing, I saw her tight purple tank top clearly showed her small breasts and nipples at attention - I was unsure the reason but could hope, since the room wasn’t exactly cold.

Despite no one noticing her peeing, she dutifully crossed off her own name and went to grab a towel. Shelley whispered to me as I stared, “Umm… You’ve got a tell right now.”

I looked down and was embarrassed to see how obviously I was turned on. She dragged me to the couch before anyone noticed and sat me down, then sitting on my lap. I put my arms around her waist and we just looked like a normal couple at a party. Little did anyone know Shelley was hiding my arousal (and aiding it as well, squirming on my lap!).

Soon after we sat down, Shelley pointed out Mia was urgently potty dancing. After a few moments of dancing, I swore I saw a tiny bulge appear in the back of her black leggings. Mia turned around, now facing us, and was speed walking to the couch. I could see a momentary reflectiveness on her crotch as she must have leaked as she walked. She sat down beside us on the couch. Shelley gave her a look. “You good?”

She confessed to us, “I’m gonna lose it… I’m turtleheading. Hoping sitting will help…”

After a few moments of her bent over, holding her stomach and pressing her ass into the cushion of the couch, it was clear she could hold it no longer. She raised her butt just slightly from the cushion and I saw a bulge immediately begin forming, the black leggings showing every detail as it escaped. I saw her crotch glisten too as she involuntarily peed a bit. She didn’t pee entirely, though, until she was finished pooping, then she gingerly stood up and felt the bulge, showing us a clear orange-sized bulge drooping down towards her left thigh.

It was clear she was wearing a thong or g-string of some kind, so it was just the tightness of her leggings holding her load in place. She then let go of her bladder now that she wouldn’t soak the couch cushion and it raced down her leggings. Shelley went to cross off Mia’s name at 11:32 PM then came back with a towel. Mia mopped up her puddle then set it down on the couch before sitting on the towel. She grimaced as she felt herself flatten her load. She looked down at me and noticed I was aroused. “Shelley showing you a good time, huh?”

My ears burned red with embarrassment but I’m glad she didn’t know the true cause of that erection… Shelley sat back down on my lap and intentionally rubbed her ass against me as she felt how turned on I was. Despite the awkwardness of my arousal and Mia’s accident, eventually Mia, Shelley, and I fell into a casual conversation and things returned to normal.

A little while later, Sarah and Michelle gathered everyone in the living room. Sarah drunkenly announced, “We still have 8 people in the running and we want to raise the stakes. We want to have a challenge!”

Michelle took over, Sarah being too intoxicated to explain. “The first challenge is going to be a yoga session run by me.”

Michelle actually had a side gig as a yoga instructor, so she had some credibility on this as well. 5 remaining other 6 competitors agreed to Michelle and Sarah’s challenge and the ladies who already had accidents stood around the edge of the living room. Leslie, however, announced, “Yeah it’s not worth trying to hold it through this.”

Leslie spread her legs apart slightly and let go, peeing for a minute through her black jeans. We all watched as the puddle below her grew, with some girls cheering her on. As she cleaned up, the remaining five took our positions behind Michelle, who started us off on some breathing exercises before moving into various stretches and poses. I was hilariously out of my depth as a non-athlete and yoga can be surprisingly intense but I was also enjoying myself, watching everyone drunkenly try to keep their balance as they did various yoga poses.

During the triangle pose (legs spread apart and leaning to one side), I saw the first evidence of the toll of yoga. Aveline’s white sweatpants hid nothing as a dark patch appeared, her pantylines from her full cut panties very visible. She didn’t totally let go, though, and we moved to a different pose. We got to child’s pose (Balasana for cultured people), which involved laying down as if praying and stretching the hands forward. I was in the back, so that pose was just everyone’s ass pointed at me. As we held that pose, a fart rang out, though I wasn’t sure who it was. Eva shuffled uncomfortably after, so I suspected her. Frankly, farting in yoga was quite common so I wasn’t sure if it was desperation or the pose. As we got up to stand back up for a new pose, though, I saw Aveline had let a little more go as a small puddle was at her feet and the wet patch went up her sweatpants a bit.

We did a forward fold a few poses later (bending at the waist while standing) and that’s when Aveline lost total control, her white sweatpants sporting grey streaks as a puddle formed. After struggling a few seconds, I saw her give up and stand up as she just let the rest go. Lost in everyone cheering Aveline on, though, was Eva. I looked at her ass in her high waisted jean shorts and could see a subtle bulge forming - not obvious due to the thick jeans, but it drooped slightly to the left. A wet spot, small but visible in this pose, appeared as well.

Aveline stepped out to get a towel and cross her name off and Michelle had us do one more stance, one that westerners called “happy baby.” It involved laying on one’s back and pulling the feet and legs back towards the head. Given the position, it was unsurprising to hear more farts from my counterpart, but since I was doing my best at yoga as well, I was unsure who it was. By the time we stood up, though, it was clear Eva finished wetting herself on top of messing herself and she awkwardly walked to the board with a slight bow-legged gait to cross off her name. Now the board looked like this:

Jessica - 11:03 PM

Whitney - 11:18 PM

Taylor - 11:04 PM

Lauren - 11:07 PM

Charlotte - 11:02 PM

Devin - 11:26 PM

Jasmin - 11:25 PM

Mia - 11:32 PM

Eva - 11:53 PM

Leslie - 11:41 PM

Aveline - 11:50 PM

Shelley

*redacted (me)*

Sarah

Daniela

Michelle

At this point, Shelley, Sarah, and Daniela were all fidgeting and crossing their legs, with Sarah occasionally thrusting her hands in her crotch. I, too, was tapping my foot. Only Michelle seemed stoic. The women who already had accidents watched in anticipation as four of us desperately tried to keep holding on, unable to stand still. A couple minutes into waiting and Jasmin got impatient. She walked up to Daniela from behind, despite her own wet and loaded pants, and put her arms around her waist and kissed Daniela’s neck.

Now, I hadn’t known until now that the two were informally dating, but some of the girls on the team already knew and they cheered them on. Jasmin’s real goal, though, was causing Daniela’s downfall. Daniela melted into Jasmin’s arms as Jasmin kept kissing her and had her fingers slip into her blue jeans, unbuttoning the top button. A wet spot appeared on Daniela’s crotch as she was likely distracted from her attempt to hold it. To my surprise and to the cheers of the drunken crowd, Jasmin fingered Daniela from behind right there in front of everyone. I stood behind Shelley, and she backed into me and I put my arms around her. She could definitely tell I was enjoying the show… She whispered, “Are you going to do that to me?”

I was taken aback. “Would you want me to?”

As Daniela moaned with pleasure, Shelley replied, “...Maybe…”

Sarah came over. Her no filter drunken state had shown through all night. “You two should join in! It’ll be the next challenge!”

I was hesitant for a moment but Shelley clearly not only didn’t mind, but wanted me to. I kissed her too and unbuttoned and unzipped her white jeans, the white thong underneath peaking through. I was a bit self-conscious about performing sexually in front of a crowd, but the crowd was very drunk and very into it. Based on Shelley’s moans, I wasn’t doing too bad. I could feel her thong was already wet, though I wasn’t sure from what. Despite my best efforts, though, Jasmin and Daniela’s head start meant Daniela came first, screaming in pleasure as I saw her blue jeans get soaked, her orgasm causing her to lose all control. I felt Shelley grinding into me as I kept up the pace, and the sight of Daniela wetting herself as she came along with Shelley moaning in my ear and grinding her ass into me put me over the edge.

I knew Shelley could feel me cumming and she soon followed suit, spurts of piss escaping her right into my hand as she leaned back into me. I looked down and saw the white jeans turn slightly translucent as the urine raced down her legs and formed a puddle. With Shelley’s ass pressed against me, I also felt her cheeks open up and she lost control of her bowels. Having cum, too, my bladder’s urge came back with a vengeance and I gave up, pissing my own jeans as Shelley pooped. Despite the thong, her jeans were tight enough to hold her load in place. It was a strange feeling, the combination of the sexual act plus the loss of control from both of us, plus a crowd that was not only not grossed out, but cheering us on.

After things had settled down, we had cleaned up the mess on the floor, and checked off everyone’s names, Shelley said, “Well, I guess it’s just down to Sarah and Michelle.”

Sarah looked pained in the effort of holding. Her top was barely covering her breasts, so her midriff was entirely exposed. At this point, I could see the impact of holding as she had a visible tummy bulge as opposed to her usual flat, toned stomach. She said, “It’s not worth holding any longer - Michelle can win.”

Sarah let go, the hissing loud enough to be audible in the room. The leather pants showed nothing, but streams came pouring out of her pants at her feet. Additionally, Sarah let go of her bowels and that was visible in her tight leather pants as a bulge quickly formed and expanded. We could also hear the muffled farts and crackling despite the crowd cheering her on. By the end of a minute, a puddle several feet wide was on the floor and the bulge was compressed but still the size of an orange. Her stomach, though, was back to its flat and toned self. We all chipped in to clean it up and then cheered Michelle on as the winner. Michelle beamed, drunk but proud of herself as the person on the team with the strongest bladder. Eva called out, “Now unlock the bathroom and enjoy your victory!”

Michelle shook her head no. She said, “Win and lose as a team!”

We were unsure what she meant until she spread her legs apart and began peeing her pants on purpose, the leggings glistening somewhat but most of the urine coming straight out and straight to the floor between her legs. We all cheered her on as she peed for over a minute. After cleaning up, the board looked like this:

Jessica - 11:03 PM

Whitney - 11:18 PM

Taylor - 11:04 PM

Lauren - 11:07 PM

Charlotte - 11:02 PM

Devin - 11:26 PM

Jasmin - 11:25 PM

Mia - 11:32 PM

Eva - 11:53 PM

Leslie - 11:41 PM

Aveline - 11:50 PM

Shelley - 12:03 AM

*redacted (me)* - 12:04 AM

Sarah - 12:11 AM

Daniela - 12:01 AM

Michelle - 12:16 AM

With the competition over, we celebrated with another round of drinks and the combination of our intoxication and our giddiness after doing something as silly as a holding contest meant no one remembered to actually unlock the bathroom. In fact, not long after that last round of drinks, people began passing out for the night. Mia and Leslie passed out on the largest couch while Aveline passed out on a single sofa chair. Devin and Charlotte knocked out on a loveseat while Michelle got the rest sleeping bags. Jessica and Whitney shared one while Taylor and Lauren took another, the four stripping to their underwear before snuggling in together. Daniela took Jasmin to bed in Eva’s bedroom. Eva and Sarah were in Michelle’s bed. Michelle suggested we take Sarah’s and she joined her roommates. Shelley laid down and was immediately out like a light. I managed to take off my jeans before passing out alongside her.

The next morning, I was the first to wake up. Despite having damp boxers and Shelley’s damp and stained white jeans, we didn’t seem to mess up Sarah’s bed. I shuffled downstairs to make coffee, making sure I did the maximum amount since I was pretty sure the others would want coffee as well.

Downstairs, I first saw Charlotte’s purple thong as her skirt had ridden up while she laid on the couch. It had dried out since last night, but the two sleeping bags were surrounded by puddles. I couldn’t tell who, but at least two people had wet themselves in their sleep between Jessica, Whitney, Taylor, and Lauren. As I waited for the coffee, I glanced over at Charlotte’s thong again and saw them darken. I realized she was wetting them in her sleep right in front of my eyes! I stood, mesmerized, before Charlotte rolled over and her skirt fell back over her thong, though the couch showed a wet patch.

Soon, the coffee was ready and as I poured myself a cup, Daniela and Jasmin came downstairs, both in their underwear. Daniela was wearing purple hipster panties and a matching bra while Jasmin had on similar panties, but red. I thought I could make out a just slightly darker spot representing last night’s accident, while Jasmin’s panties were still loaded given the bathroom was still locked. In fact, that was the first thing she said to me. “I can’t believe the bathrooms are still locked. We were crazy last night.”

I nodded. “I’m sure Michelle will be up soon.”

I poured them both coffee. Us quietly talking and drinking coffee likely woke others up as Mia and Leslie rolled out of their couch and joined us. Aveline was next to get up, her white sweatpants stained a faint yellow. She sipped her cup and complained, “I need to pee again. Is Michelle or anyone else with the key awake yet?”

I shook my head no and Aveline tsk-tsk’d her disappointment. Jessica and Whitney were up next and they gingerly got out of their sleeping bag. They looked down at their soaked underwear, Jessica in her stained white full-cut panties and Whitney in blue ones. Jessica muttered, “This is so embarrassing, I can’t believe one of us peed in our sleep.”

Jasmin reassured them, “Don’t sweat it. We all literally had accidents last night, remember? I’m still in my messy underwear.”

Whitney seemed to be a little less embarrassed, too. “Besides, we probably both peed, not just one of us.”

Taylor and Lauren were awake during the conversation and unzipped themselves out of the sleeping bag, revealing Taylor’s blue bikini panties and Lauren’s white cheeky panties, both also soaked. Lauren joked, “You mean us four peed. It is what it is.”

Charlotte awoke next and panicked for a moment, feeling how wet she was. She jumped up to her feet. “Oh my god! I peed in my sleep!”

Lauren just laughed. “Join the club, that makes you the fifth person last night.”

That made Charlotte feel better and Devin got up as well. I made a second batch of coffee for the six who most recently awoke and Shelley, who came downstairs soon after in her stained brown and yellow loaded white jeans. Aveline asked, “Are the hosts awake yet?”

Shelley shook her head no. “Honestly, I think I heard snoring.”

Devin groaned and she went up to bang on the bedroom door, but no one answered. After we finished our coffees and woke up, I suggested breakfast but the others decided to line up at the bathroom. Charlotte & Whitney said they didn’t need to go, either, so we made eggs and ate them in the kitchen while the others waited for the hosts to wake up. Charlotte and Whitney cleaned up the living room puddles while I went to join the line.

At the front of the line was Devin, who was still in her black pants and tight purple top from last night, which revealed every detail of her breasts and torso. Her black pants were tight but had a long zipper in the front, which she had unzipped. This revealed black panties underneath, and her hands were thrust into her crotch inside her pants.

Jessica, Taylor, and Lauren were next, standing in their bras and panties. Despite all likely having peed recently, I could tell the coffee had worked through their systems as being in their underwear did not hide how tightly they clenched their cheeks. I, too, felt my bowels waking up and knew I wasn’t far off from where all the ladies were either.

Mia and Leslie were next, fully clothed but Mia’s black leggings clearly still bulging from last night’s accident. Jasmin and Daniela were next, both in their underwear, while Aveline was after that. Aveline’s tight white sweatpants showed clear pantylines and Aveline, too, occasionally clenched her ass. She was also openly holding her crotch and dancing around. Shelley was last and beside me, and she was calmer than Aveline but whispered to me, “That coffee worked right through me.”

“Me too. Someone better get Michelle or someone in that room awake.”

The first person to lose control was Aveline. Given her sweatpants were tight enough to see her pantylines, the first bump of her turtleheading then losing control was visible. Over a minute, it grew from the size of the tip of a finger to a golf ball to an orange. After that, she gave up and peed again, her sweatpants translucent and showing her pink panties underneath with a brown bulge. She slumped her shoulders in defeat and waddled away to the living room as others quietly comforted her.

At this point, the bedroom door opened and Michelle stepped out and was taken aback by the line. Girls started shouting at her to unlock the door and Michelle hurried to do so before she rushed downstairs to make coffee. Devin rushed into the bathroom and slammed the door, her pants falling down as she ran in. I got a glimpse of her black panties from behind, but I think she made it.

As Devin was in the bathroom, Sarah and Eva exited too, joining Michelle for coffee. We could hear Devin not only pee, but have her customary morning shit as well. This proved to be too much for Jessica, next in line. I remembered that literally everyone in line had coffee and we all know how coffee affects most people in the morning. Jessica’s white panties hid nothing as a brown bulge appeared. Jessica stood rigidly still, hand on the doorknob, farting quietly as the first turd curled up, creating a sizable bulge. It was followed by a quicker but smaller second turd, this one accompanied by a sprinkle of piss as the bulge was now big enough to push the leg bands away from her skin. I could literally see through the gap directly at Jessica’s load. Her loss of bladder control showed she must have also peed in her sleep, since her bladder was mostly empty.

Taylor’s blue bikini panties showed a bulge too, and by the time Devin opened the door, Taylor also had let go and waddled in after Jessica with an orange-sized load. Lauren’s ass remained tightly clenched in her white cheeky panties, but occasionally it unclenched and re-clenched. At one point, a hint of a bulge appeared then disappeared, and I knew Lauren was holding it with all her might. Fortunately for her, Taylor and Jessica didn’t bother to clean up - merely dump their loads then exit, both of their panties stained but empty now. Lauren hurried in and we heard her let go into the bowl, sort of making it.

Listening to someone else go was agonizing, and Mia fully peed where she stood, her leggings re-glistening with her third accident in 24 hours - peeing, pooping, and peeing again. Others gave Mia a sympathetic glance, but I was locked in on Leslie’s ass. Her black jeans didn’t show much, but I swore I saw a hint of movement as a subtle bulge drooped down her right butt cheek. I was pretty sure she had let go, too, but I had no confirmation as Lauren exited in mostly clean white panties (well, stained yellow and with a brown streak). Mia and Leslie rushed in together, not hiding their bodies given their prior friendship on the cross country team as well.

As we waited for them to clean up, Shelley muttered, “Fuck it.”

I looked down and saw she already had a wet spot the size of a dinner plate on her crotch that I hadn’t noticed before. I then heard a very clear hissing sound as she not only let go but pushed empty her bladder, the wet spot growing quickly and racing down her legs before forming a puddle at her feet. I had to go both ways quite badly at this point, but I was frankly saved by my arousal, which stopped me from pissing myself. When Mia and Leslie left, I followed Shelley in and she lowered her now deeply stained white jeans and gingerly lowered her thong over the toilet bowl, finally getting rid of her solid load from last night. She got off the seat so I could pee and took off her jeans and threw away her thong. I stood there, erect penis in hand, and couldn’t pee. Shelley smirked at my problem and instructed me to sit down. “I think I know how to make that go away.”

Shelley mounted me on the toilet seat facing me and rode me as we kissed. After what I witnessed this morning, I knew it wouldn’t take long, but even that was too long for the three women left waiting outside. Michelle impatiently unlocked the door and swung it open but froze at the sight of us having sex.

The shock did a number to them, and I could see facing the door a wet spot blossom on Eva’s jean shorts. Sarah, too, let go and I could hear the piss trickling down her still loaded leather pants and gather on the floor. Michelle had to go a different way, and the surprise caused her to let a fart escape.

That sight did it for me and I came right in Shelley, who seemed to enjoy the attention and came as well. By the time we were done, Sarah had fully wet herself and left to come back later to clean up, her bulge in her leather jeans held together but wobbling as she walked.

Eva couldn’t lower her jean shorts because she had also loaded them last night, so she sat fully clothed over the sink and finished peeing. After cumming, too, my bladder and bowels returned with a vengeance and since I was already sitting on the bowl, I began peeing and pooping without any control over it. Michelle looked extremely annoyed as she stood in front of me while Shelley sheepishly put on her jeans and escaped, leaving me in the uncomfortable glare of both women. An initial glistening appeared on Michelle’s crotch but stopped as she crossed her legs tightly. Eva finished peeing before me and hopped off, leaving Michelle and I alone in the bathroom. I heard Michelle fart again, along with another sprinkling along her inner thighs. She commanded I get off the toilet.

“But I haven’t wiped yet…”

“As if I care. Get out of the bathroom!”

I hurriedly pulled up my boxers and stepped out, looking back and seeing an initial bulge appear on Michelle’s ass in her yoga pants before she turned around and slammed the door shut.

The rest of the morning was uneventful, with the ladies who were able to head home without evidence doing so while the others stuck around and did laundry. I stuck around due to Shelley cleaning out her white jeans, which miraculously worked. No one mentioned accidents again that morning and though my ears burned red with embarrassment around Michelle, Eva, and Sarah, they acted like nothing was weird. With the season over, the job was done, though I stayed in touch with many of the players. We didn’t really discuss or witness accidents ever again, except the occasional mention of a “legendary party.” Shelley and I remained close, though she got a serious boyfriend the next school year and we were only friends after that. I always wondered if those two ever got up to any of the shenanigans we did, though…

