Joining the Sorority

Author: herrokitty

*000*2019-01-30 16:24

Credit to @Alex Oxford, @Mydnyght68, @Ktpq, and @EthanDaOmoWIz for the rp Joining the Sorority. It died out so I wanted to continue it as fiction, but for part 1, I've just put together everything everyone had written, credit goes in large part to them as this'll mostly be what everyone wrote word for word.

Stina fretted over what outfit to wear. She was so happy to be almost officially an Alpha Chi Omega, the sorority her mother was in. All that was left was a last minute formality. The end of September, Alpha Chi Omega, or AXO, hosted a lemonade stand fundraiser on their sorority house’s front lawn while it was still warm. The money would go to their associated philanthropy, Girls on the Run (and to be honest, Stina didn’t even remember what they did - something to do with education for young girls?).

All the new girls would be serving the lemonade, with all the other Greek life people planning to stop by. In particular, they would have to impress the fraternities. The only way they could “flunk” out now would be if they demonstrated that they were an embarrassment to the sorority in front of other Greek associations, something that wasn’t defined and totally up to the sorority’s leadership.

After the fundraiser, the Delta Upsilon fraternity would take the leftover lemonade and host a party for them - since sororities couldn’t host their own parties, a tradition that annoyed Stina to no end. There, too, the new girls had to ensure they didn’t lose the approval of the boys.

Stina settled on a black sleeveless crop top and a denim miniskirt, taking full advantage of the summer weather while it still lasted and that denim miniskirts were having a fashion renaissance. The size of the crop top meant she would have to go bra-less, but her boobs were a little on the smaller side, so it wouldn’t be the issue. In terms of impressing the boys, her main advantages would be her athletic build and her toned butt - a bubblier butt than one might expect for a skinny girl like her. The outfit would show off her flat stomach, a product of her time as a swimmer in high school, and her bright green eyes and long straight blonde hair usually came in handy in charming boys, too. She wore conservative full-cut black panties, though - if she accidentally flashed someone, she didn’t want it to be too revealing! The balance between being enticing and being “sloppy” from the frat guys’ perspective was… exhausting, but the game she had signed up for.

She stepped out of her dorm room at 12:45, expecting to get to the sorority at 1. They had half an hour to do last minute setup (most of the decorative work was done last night) before they were officially open for business. They would be done at 5 and have dinner at 6 at the sorority house while the fraternity got the party prepped, then they would all head over (and probably change into a different outfit) at 7:30.

The only thing that gave her pause was something her “big sister”, aka the assigned mentor, a junior named Emily, said: “They’re probably gonna block the bathroom, so go before you come over. There was a big scandal a few years back where an AXO peed in a keg tub, and we were banned from parties for a year. They wanna make sure you are all big girls who can control yourselves without embarrassing our name.”

Stina made sure to use the bathroom, then headed off to the sorority house.

Meanwhile, Niolette (or Nio, for short), was in her bra and panties and trying to pick out her outfit for today. She was eager to join AXO as well; her aunt was in that sorority.

The petite, slender girl pulled on a pink t-shirt. She then slipped on some light brown pantyhose and lime green shorts. The hazel-eyed girl opted to wear her long straight strawberry blonde hair in twintails. She wore some jet black flat shoes and was ready to head out.

But first... "Oh yeah, I better use the toilet before I go." She did just that before making her exit. She got on her bike and rode off towards the AXO house.

*brrrrt* ”Ohmygooood,” squealed Maria as she danced in th elevator, hands pressed tightly against her ass. “I definitely held it too long this time.”

Maria, a busty, bootiful Latina girl, was the last girl you would expect to minutes from crapping herself. Easily one of the prettiest girls in the room at any given time, she’d seem more like the “IG model” type rather than the “openly display my need for the toilet” type.

You also wouldn’t expect her to be holding it in on purpose. But as we’ve discussed, she’s full of surprises.

She danced in placed as she tried to fit the key in her dorm room door. The contents of her tummy began to descend, and she clenched her ass tight.

“UGH! Hold it!” She demanded of her ass, as she burst through the door. She rushed the bathroom, shimmied her shorts down her plump ass, and....

“Ahhhhh.... much better.” She sighed with a pleasant smile, “that was a close one!”

She couldn’t be on th pot for too long though. AXO was having their event today, and she was determined to make a name for herself. All those times holding had secretly been preparing her for this moment.

”I’ll have to get changed soon...” she mused to herself, trying to determine her outfit.

Stina arrived at AXO a little early. The banners and the stands were already on the front of the house and on the yard, so it was just a matter of bringing out the cups and pitchers of lemonade already prepared in the fridge and assigning people to do "visibility" - aka look cute holding signs at passerby. She walked in and saw all the sisters hanging out in the living room, waiting for all the new recruits to arrive. There were about 80 members total, but only about 40 were there - the upperclassmen didn't have to attend all the events, and some would only come for the party. Almost all the new recruits were around, save a couple.

Stina saw her Big, Emily, and sat with her. Emily squealed with delight and hugged her. "Stina! I'm so glad you're here, and you look so cute!" Stina beamed. "You too, Emily!" Emily was taller and more curvaceous than Stina, with long brown hair, and she was wearing white shorts and a sorority themed t-shirt that she had tied the bottom of to show some stomach. Emily lowered her voice. "Did you go to the bathroom already?"

Stina nodded. Emily went back to smiling. "Great! Once everyone's here, Callie will assign you all to roles." Callie was the director of fundraising.

Niolette showed up a minute later. As she stepped through the front door, she said to herself, "So this is where the magic happens..."

She looked around and soon spotted Emily sitting with someone. "Hello, Emily," she cutely greeted.

"Hey, welcome, Niolette!" Emily chimed in.

"Thanks, and just call me Nio," Nio replied.

"Gotcha, Nio. Oh yeah, I gotta ask..." Emily stood up and whispered to Nio, "Did you go to the bathroom?"

Nio softly answered, "Yes, Emily. Almost forgot to, though..."

"Good girl," Emily said with a bright smile.

Maria arrived, looking stunning as ever. Her daisy duke short shorts hugged her plump ass grandly, so that you could see every wobble as she walked.

She wore a tight shirt, cut at the waist and tied to show some midriff. Her large breast stretched the shirt. She was just as tempting from the front as she was from the back.

Maria smirked as she eyed the crowd in front of her. She came to play, and didn’t see any reason why she wouldn’t make it in.

”Hi,” Maria said confidently to a pretty girl in a jean skirt, “Does anyone know where Emily is at? I think she’s the one I was told to talk to.”

Stina gave Nio an approving up-and-down look, liking her outfit. She then saw Maria entered and was equally impressed and jealous by Maria's beauty as she walked in (and frankly, being Latina in a traditional sorority meant you stood out anyway!). Emily saw her too and waved her over to sit by Stina and Nio before nodding at Callie to signal that all the newbies were here.

Callie, a stern-looking black-haired girl with jean shorts, a sorority tee, and a pony tail, stood up to address the room. "Alright, everyone, here's the drill. The rookies are gonna be doing the serving. Four stations, three girls per station. Explaining the proceeds and handling the money, giving cups and napkins, pouring and refilling the lemonade, and handling trash. The sophomores, juniors, and seniors will be doing promos - signs, welcoming people in, getting people's attention as they walk by. First customers come in at one, we are done by five. Delta Upsilon will come by at 5 and take the lemonade to make mixed drinks, we will have dinner and change at 6 and head over to their party at 7:30."

Callie dropped the pretense of professionalism and glared at the new recruits. "As you may have heard, a former member disgraced our sorority with her... antics. I will not accept any such shenanigans from any current sisters. Anyone, especially you new recruits, caught trying to use the bathroom in any shape or form while we sell lemonade will be banned from the party and may be kicked out of the sorority. If we run on schedule and do well raising money, we will have a collective break before heading to the party. ONCE AT THE PARTY, the bathroom is OFF LIMITS. This is Delta Upsilon's rules, and I fought hard to make sure we would be back in the frats' good standing, so don't you dare violate those rules. We only let grown ups into this sorority."

Callie paused for dramatic effect and looked around the room. "Alright. Pick your stations and move out!"

"Well. That Callie apparently means business," Nio commented after Callie finished talking.

“Yeah I know, I wonder what got her panties in a bunch,” said Maria.

Stina gave a nervous glance to the closest new recruits, Nio and Maria. Emily leaned in. "Don't mind her. Y'all are a group of three, which station do you three want to pick?"

"Ladies, here's what I think," Nio explained. "If we go pouring lemonade... well, take a wild guess what all that flowing liquid will make us think about. So no to that. Similarly, the trash? As in, dumping trash? That word 'dump'... I don't think I need to explain that one further. So trash isn't an option either. And the cups... There could be a point where those cups would be so tempting for some girl to... You see where this is going? So I figure handling the money is our best choice.

"Besides, my father's an accountant. I think I've inherited some of his skills at handling money."

Maria gave thoughtful glance towards the ‘accounting section’. Sure, she wouldn’t mind handling the money for a minute.

“Damn Nio you thought of everything,” she giggled, “but it’s a good idea, it’ll make the hours more bearable as the day goes on! Those other girls are probably king to have a hard time after a few hours of being out here.” She giggled, “I bet it won’t even be halfway through when we’ll start seeing some girls get a little frantic.”

Part of her wanted to be upfront, where the action was at, but she was more than content with being out of the sun.

”Just tell me what you want me to do,” she resigned.

Stina nodded at Nio's thoughtful process. She certainly didn't want to mess up the only thing stopping her from being an AXO like her mom. Maria's comments did make her think how stressful this might be for some of them... She knew some small-bladdered girls in her life. "That makes sense to me!"

Stina and the others grabbed the front table and set everything up.

As they finished setting up and right before the first customers, Emily stopped by with three cups of lemonade. "First cups for the newbies! Make sure to have fun. There's a script about the non-profit if anyone asks, but usually no one cares."

"Ahh, thanks for the lemonade, Emily." Nio took a sip. "A little sour for my taste, but I don't mind."

“I’m on it!” chimed Maria, giving a playful wink. This was going to be cake. All she had to do was just not go to the bathroom for a few hours. How hard could that be right?

Ehhh. Well, it’s been a trial before. Maria recalled a pair of messy shorts that could never be unstained, the consequences of a stuck zipper. Oh boy, that one was bad....

Things would be different today though. Maria was a far cry from her days of accidents; her endurance was easily twice that of her younger days. She could go hours without peeing or pooping, at her most desperate. Level strength was key, as was we massive, voluptuous backside, which helped clench and contain a few impending accidents long enough to get to the nearest commode.

Maria was definitely ready for-

*grmmmmble*

’Hmmm. I must still be hungry...’ she mused, uncertainly.

Stina graciously accepted the lemonade and drank it all quickly in the summer heat. She and her bladder had a rough history in high school, but she was confident she could make it till dinnertime.

She did lots of sports in high school and her nerves meant no matter how much she went, she always felt the need to pee before an event started, whether it be on the swimming blocks or at the start of a cross country meet. Swimming was easy - she would just pee in the pool, though it was always momentarily embarrassing to pee involuntarily the moment she entered the cold water. Once, in cross country, she didn't pee before the race, and the nervousness mounted until she just peed all over her legs when the gun sounded. Fortunately, no one noticed since everyone in cross country pees themselves at some point.

Her involvement in sports where peeing was normal may have simultaneously reduced her holding ability and inhibitions, because in her first year drinking, her senior year of high school, she dropped her pants or lifted her skirt and peed in many an alley and backyard. Hopefully she wouldn't have to do that today.

She, fortunately, though, didn't have any messy accidents since she was as child... except for that time she was at the mall with her friends and a shart came out of nowhere, but she didn't count that because she managed to throw away her stained underwear in the bathroom without anyone finding out.

Upon overhearing Maria say she was hungry, she pointed to the girls working the lemonade. "I don't remember those girls' names, but I think they also have snacks we can grab, if you'd like! Bring us some if you do."

Nio seemed confident that she could get through the event without having to go to the bathroom. Over the years, her family would take a vacation from time to time. It was always by car. On just about every vacation, there was a time when she and her two younger siblings would end up bursting for the toilet. She always managed to make it, but sometimes it was down to the wire. On the other hand, her brother usually ended up pissing himself, and there were three times when her sister shat her pants.

"You know what, I could go for a bite to eat too," Nio commented. "Let's see what those girls have." She walked towards the girls at the lemonade station.

Stina held down the fort while Nio checked out the snacks, stomach grumbling in hunger as well. Customers were coming in steadily, but it wasn't overwhelming and didn't stop her from looking around. Fifty girls, no bathrooms... Stina wasn't sure if dinner was soon enough for all of them. She knew some small-bladdered girls back in high school. The mood seemed cheery enough, though, with girls holding up signs and shouting at passerby, often fraternity guys who were more than willing to spend some money to hang out surrounded by their female peers.

Maria accompanied Nio to snack stand, picking out some jalapeño nachos, and sneaking a few bags of cheese- its before they disappeared early. She was working hard, she earned it.

*grumbbbllleee*

”Hmmmm....,” Maria silently mused to herself, wondering why her excessive snacking was not appeasing her seemingly hungry stomach. Ehhh, whatever. It just hasn’t digested yet.

Nio had grabbed two soft pretzels, which were her favorite snack.

”So what are you studying?” She asked Stina and Nio as they returned to the money stand, with genuine interest.

"I dunno, Maria, some kind of script in case someone asks about the non-profit, as Emily explained," she answered before taking a bite of pretzel. She heard a bit of a grumbling noise and swore it came from Maria. She shrugged it off, however. "So, you wanna take a look at this script?"

Stina shrugged about the script. "Honestly, these frat bros don't care what the event is for, they just come up, give me money, and take the lemonade. I think they're mostly paying to check us out."

Nio then stood up and started looking around. She did notice one girl looking less than happy and keeping her thighs close together.

"Hey, Maria, Stina?" she asked them as she pointed to that girl. "See that girl over there?"

Stina was eying Nio's second pretzel and missed who Nio was pointing at. "Who? Describe her to me." Stina scanned the crowd of scantily-clad sorority sisters.

Nio finished her first pretzel and explained, "The one with her hair dyed purple. In a polka-dot shirt and white booty shorts. See, she's fidgeting right now. Yeah, she already has to piss, I bet." She then started eating her second pretzel.

Maria eyed the girls butt in her shorts, wiggling with every subtle squirm. She couldn’t help but enjoy the view.

”Oh yeah, she’s gotta go alright. She still seems to be getting attention from the guys though, so it can’t be that bad!” She mused, nibbling on her spicy nachos, which basically had upset stomach written all over them.

Nio giggled. "I must admit, she does look cute as she's squirming like that..."

Stina was quickly handing change to a guy as Nio and Maria commented on the desperate girl and saw the guy faintly smirk, overhearing them. He moved on to the lemonade station and Stina finally noticed the girl. "Oh yeah, she totally has to pee. And it can't be 2, yet, right? She's gotta hold it for three more hours."

Stina noticed something else while scanning the field. She nodded at a redhead in a sorority tee and leggings. "What about her? I totally just saw her clench her butt."

Maria peered earnestly in the direction of the girl in leggings. Sure enough, she was hunched slightly forward, biting her lip and clenching her ass lightly as she stood erect at her post. Maria again could not help but casually comment on the spectacle.

”Ahaha oh yeah, she’s gotta go alright. I look a lot like that when I have to go, so I speak from experience l!” She giggled.

”They’re gonna be in a lot of trouble later on....”

Nio turned her attention to two more guys showing up to attend. After a simple monetary transaction among them and those guys were on their way, she looked at the redhead Stina and Maria were looking at. That redhead was rubbing her butt a little. Nio shook her head and said, "There's no way she's gonna make it out of here without a shit in her pants. Not. A. Chance."

Then she eyed the purple-haired girl again. That girl was shifting her weight back and forth from one foot to the other. Deep down inside, Nio was really wanting to see that girl piss her shorts...

Stina giggled dat Maria and Nio's comments. "You don't think they can hold it three hours? Maybe we should bet on it..."

Stina added, "You know who should really have an accident? Callie. She's the reason why we're in this predicament."

"Why didn't I realize that, Stina?" Nio commented. "Now that you mention it, I hope to God that Callie pisses her pants. I hate her guts already."

“Oh my gosh, if she had an accident I would literally die of laughter!” Maria cheered, imagining te cute sorority girl soil her cute outfit.

”My money’s in the purple hair girl wetting first. That redhead over there looks like she squats. Unless she gets the bubble guts, she might even make it!”

Maria smirked to herself, and couldn’t help but add little more....

”I know that when I’ve really had to poop, clenching was the only thing that helped sometimes. Squats pay off when you’re lactose intolerant!” She giggled.

Nio then looked back to the redhead, who was now holding her stomach. "I don't know, Maria, things are not looking up for the redhead. Anyway..." She looked around and spotted a girl with blonde hair with a streak of blue. "Now THAT girl over there was so not ready for this event. Look." The girl Nio was now referring to was wearing a translucent pink blouse and beige shorts. Already she was holding her crotch and crossing her legs.

"Well, Maria, Nio, looks like you're betting on two different people, what are you two gonna bet? Would you, say, give up your toilet privilege at dinner?" Stina smirked, looking at Maria's eaten cheese.

“HA! Looks like someone wants to raise the stakes!” She smirked, seeing a little more ambition from Stina than she had up till now. She knew it might be a foolish bet to take, but she couldn’t help bu complicate her situation a little to keep things interesting. “Sure! I bet the redhead with the big ass will last till dinner! If I lose, I hold it through dinner.” They shook on it, but Maria wasn’t worried. She had buns of steel and an iron will. This wasn’t her first rodeo.

Nio thought about it for a moment. "Okay, Maria, if you're going to run the risk of having to hold it in, I'll go ahead and do the same. The girl with blue in her hair WILL wet, no question. Purple hair, yeah, she'll pee her pants too. Those are too easy, I ain't gonna focus on them. So Maria, I'm gonna bet against you and the redhead. I am so certain she will shit her pants before dinner. If she does, I get to go potty and you don't; if she doesn't, you get to go potty and I don't. Cool?"

Stina found Callie in the crowd, flirting with some frat bro. She pulled out a couple of dollars and put it in the box. "I think I'm going to graciously give Callie a cool cup of lemonade on this hot day."

”Lemonade sounds great right now, I’m sure she is wouldn’t mind a little hydration. I think Stina should do it, since she’s feeling so edgy right now.” Maria commented suggestively.

Stina flashed a devilish grin at the betting before her. Feeling emboldened, she said, "And I'll only use the bathroom after Callie... so I better get her this lemonade now."

Stina walked off and headed to the next station and grabbed a cup of lemonade from the three girls working on that station. One of them smiled and greeted her. "Hey, Stina right?"

She had met them before at some other event... two long-haired blondes and a brunette, so hard to tell them apart from the rest of the sorority... She wracked her brain for their names. "Yeah... Rowan, right?" She looked at the wavy-haired blonde who greeted her.

Rowan beamed. "Yup! Glad you remembered my name."

Rowan was wearing a tank top and tight ripped jeans, showing off a nice butt. The straight-haired strawberry blonde next to her was wearing a sorority tee and a denim miniskirt, as well. "Claire, right?" The girl nodded.

She then turned to the brunette wearing a simple tee and athletic shorts. "You're Selene, right? You're on our school's track and cross country teams." Selene nodded. Stina made pleasantries before heading to Callie. "How are you all doing?"

Rowan groaned. "Annoyed at Callie. How are we supposed to get till 5 PM without using the bathroom?" Claire chimed in, "I've already joked to them I can just pee where I stand and no one would notice." Selene laughed. "Yeah, in cross country, we just pee while running, so I'm gonna have to remember not to just pee whenever."

Stina nodded her head in agreement. "Callie's honestly so rude. Can I tell you something? We all wanted to see Callie desperate as revenge at our station. I'm buying this lemonade for her."

Selene perked up. She pulled out her clutch from under the table and pulled out a packet. "So, these are diuretics that athletes often use to change the results of their weigh-in... if you want, we could throw a packet in."

Rowan and Claire smirked. Stina didn't hesitate. "Throw it in."

Stina headed over to Callie, spiked lemonade in hand.

Nio sat at her station and tried to eavesdrop on Stina and those three girls She was with just now. She noticef them add something to the lemonade meant for Callie.

"Go get her, Stina," she said under her breath.

“Holy shit, is she doing what I think she is?” Maria asked, a shocked smile upon her face.

”She better not get caught, I am not going to get in trouble for her taking this the extra mile!” She said uncertainly.

*grrrummmblleee*

Maria reeled slightly, placing a hand on he agitated tummy. Those definitely weren’t hunger noises.

’Damn it, why did I have to pig out?’ She whined as she subtly cross her legs. She could feel the beginnings of pressure build up in her bowels. For her sake, she hoped it was gas, and nothing messier....

Stina walked up to Callie and the frat guy she was talking to. "Hey, Callie!"

Callie turned to her and glared, clearly annoyed at being interrupted. "What do you want?"

Stina turned on the charm. "Oh, I just wanted to thank you for doing all the work you did on putting this together! Really happy to be here! As a token of my thanks, here!"

Stina handed Callie the lemonade. Callie's facial expressed softened a little and she accepted the lemonade. "Oh. Thanks, I guess."

Stina winked at the boy. "I'll let you two get back to it."

Stina positively bounced her way back, acting her most innocent self, until she got back to Nio and Maria.

Meanwhile, Nio positioned her smartphone so that it could get on camera Callie receiving and drinking the lemonade. She kept an eye on the phone to make sure Callie consumed the beverage.

She was almost distracted by Maria's tummy grumble. "You doing okay, Maria?" she asked while maintaining surveillance on Callie.

“I think so,” Maria mumbled, as her stomach continued to gurggle. “It’s probably just my nachos digesting. My stomach is very vocal!” She giggled.

*grrrmmblleee*

’I’m just not sure what it’s trying to say...’

Maria distracted herself by also watching Callie, drinking the lemonade from across the way. She could just imagine this girl with a puddle at her feet.

"Good, good," Nio quietly said as she witnessed Callie drink the lemonade. She put away her phone just before another random guy showed up to attend. She happily received his money and handed him the change. "Welcome! You enjoy yourself here, okay?" she told him with a smile.

"Anyway, Maria," Nio told her, "maybe take a deep breath or two?"

Stina returned and overheard the last bit of conversation and a foreboding grumbling from Maria. "Well, hey, look on the bright side. Who will care if you have an accident when iron lady Callie pisses herself?"

Nio overheard Stina's question. "Hmm, let's see..." She looked over to the redhead. "Well, she seems to be faring a bit better, actually, so I might be the one to have to hold it in," she commented as she casually crossed her legs. She could feel a bit of an urge within her bladder at this point.

"As for Callie," she added, "looks like she's already starting to have to go potty. I must say, if she weren't a total dickhead, she'd look quite cute having to pee like that!"

Ahaha, sucks for you Nio!” Maria teased sticking her tongue out.

*gurrrgggle*

Maria winced visibly as her intenstines scolded her for her arrogance. No sudden moves, not in this state.

“Uggggh.....” Maria moaned, placing a hand on her grumbling tummy, “I’m just glad she’s holding up. I give it an hour tops before I’ll need to take a dump!” She laughed, nervously.

She looked around, sighing to herself. At least she wasn’t alone. There were quit a few legs crossed as she scanned the grounds. A blonde looked around anxiously as she pee danced in place, nervously glancing towards the next group of people; and of course, the redhead with the big ass, while not as uncomfortable looking as Maria, still clenched her ass from time to time, biting her lip as her stomach likely gurgled under growing intestinal burden.

Then, two late freshmen approached.

Eliza, or Lizzie, as she is more commonly known as, woke up slowly with a full bladder. Deciding she needed to changed, she lept the dam break as she let loose a torrent of pee on her bed. It stained the bed sheets and her panties quite a bit. No matter, she could wash it.

She got out of bed, getting her first good look at the clock. "Shit" she thought as she realised she was very late. She suddenly got into hurry up mode as she prepared her sheets and her soaked clothes for the wash, and changed into an, exposing outfit, a short skirt, and a tang top that did a poor job at covering her rather large breasts. She did this to keep the boys interested, and, if she needed to pee, she could just spread her legs and pee through her panties. Since we're on the topic of her looks, she also had deep blue eyes, and long, dark purple hair. She also had a very nice bum to compliment her breasts. She was a pretty pale girl, if you wanted to be honest.

She then raced out of her dorm, keeping a running pace until she neared the place the sale was at. She decided she wanted to sneak into a group, and pretend she was never late, she couldn't be cought late. Her older sister was in this sorority, and she didn't want to risk getting kicked out for being careless.

She got as close as she could, spotting some of her fellow underclassmen. "Psssssst" she said as she tried to get there attention.

Stina noticed the second new and late girl. "Don't let Callie see you..."

Also, while Lizzie arrived, a freshman named Katie was just walking up to the sorority hut wearing her pink sundress that went up to her mid thighs. “ Sorry I am late, I ended up oversleeping,“ she says, yawning.

“Hurry, get over her before anyone outs you!” Maria called to Katie, with a grimace on her face.

Despite her earlier confidence, Maria definitely had to go to the bathroom. While she was comfortable holding it, this was right about the time where she usually decided whether she would keep holding it or go poop like a normal girl her age. That choice was made for her though, which was made apparent by her subtle squirming and clenched ass cheeks.

’Nothing I haven handled before.’ She said to herself, crossing her legs and standing erect.

Stina wasn't doing too badly, but she noticed Maria squirming a little and could see her butt clench. She put a comforting hand on Maria before asking, "How is the girl you and Nio betted against?"

Callie saw Katie and Lizzie, though, and marched over. "You both are LATE! You know the rules! No bathrooms AT ALL, including at dinner for you!"

It was hard to take Callie's aggressive tone seriously, though, with her legs crossed tightly and bouncing slightly.

Callie, however, was then distracted by the desperate purple haired and blonde-and-blue haired girls Nio noticed earlier, who had likely asked her for permission to use the bathroom. Though Callie yelled at them with some ferocity, her own bouncing took away from her intimidation, and Stina noticed her hand hovering near her crotch.

Stina also noticed that Rowan, Claire, and Selene were huddled rather than serving lemonade and in an intense, quiet discussion. From behind, she could see Rowan's butt clenched tight in her jeans and Claire had her legs crossed tightly. How were any of them going to last until dinnertime? Many girls seemed to be right about to lose it.

Nio scratched the back of her head and asked Maria, "So, how much time do you think is left before dinner?"

Deep down inside, Nio wanted that girl to stay clean so that Maria could relieve her bowels. That would mean Nio couldn't take care of her filling bladder for a few hours, but she was used to holding in a lot of urine from all those family trips.

Stina said to Nio, "I think she's distracted by the boys, but we got less than an hour left. I gotta pee, but I think I can make it. How about you?"

"Assuming I'm gonna lose that bet," Nio answered, "I'll end up having to pee really, really bad tonight." She started to fidget as she looked down at her shorts. "Who knows, these shorts might end up full of pee..."

She then watched the lemonade servers from a bit of a distance. "But, you know, Stina, if I do pee my pants, I won't be the only one. Look at poor Rowan," she said as she pointed to one rather desperate and frustrated girl grabbing her crotch to avoid any leakage into her ripped jeans. "She's not gonna make it. Which is too bad... You gotta admit, her butt looks so sexy bouncing up and down like that..."

Stina eyed the three desperate girls serving lemonade to the growing crowd. As she poured another cup, Stina swore she saw trickles rolling down both legs, but Claire stood tall (though with crossed legs) and acted like nothing was happening, smiling at each customer. The miniskirt meant nothing was showing on her clothes... Stina envied her as her urge to pee ratcheted from "would like to use a bathroom" to "constantly thinking about having to pee."

Callie, meanwhile, was doing her best to be flirtatious with all the boys talking to her, but her little bounces and leg crosses took away from her domineering woman aesthetic. Fortunately, boys were boys and thought she was cute no matter what she did. At one point, mid-sentence, she stopped and excused herself and walked away from the crowd. Stina saw her shove her hands in her crotch the moment she thought no one was looking. Stina wondered if she had spurted... when Callie regained control she walked back like nothing happened, no evidence of a leak showing yet.

Things were beginning to get chaotic, which was a good thing and a bad thing. It was bad, because, well, it was chaotic. The activity had picked up tremendously, boys and girls alike hungrily eyeing the sorority pledges, and taking this opportunity to enjoy the eye candy. Others, more subtle, approaches the sorority girls with either intentions to buy, or engage them in conversation.

Amidst all of this, there were a few ladies and gents, who lingered and socialized, perhaps lingered a little too long, and kept stealing glances and the growing crowd of desperate ladies. It was becoming quite a spectacle. Surely, they’d seen a desperate a woman before? But never so scantily clad, never so many at once, and never such a chance for a few messy pairs of pants.

So what was the good news? Well for starters, Maria had to poop. Bad, very bad actually. Her gut was gurgling and churning with the remains of her lunch, and a strong pressure constantly bore down on her curvaceous and eye catching ass. She was desperate, definitely. But she did enjoy the attention, and it seemed that she was getting quite a lot, more than normal actually, and that was saying something. She was definitely enjoying the distraction from her urgency.

”I’ve been out here for awhile now!” She said to a cute guy in a tank top, squirming her legs around slowly.

”Well it’s worth it, business is booming yeah?” He mused, glancing down at her legs.

Maria smirked. He’d been glancing at her legs for a minute now. Granted, she’d been wiggling around trying not to shit herself for a good minute, but some of these guys today had taken and odd interest the the ladies distress. She decided to test the waters, why not?

”Yeah, but Callie over there won’t let anyone use the bathroom, it’s part of the pledge.” She signed, placing a hand over her gut and clenching her ass.

”Geeze, that’s a little unnecessary don’t you think?”

”Well you’re in a frat, isn’t ‘unnecessary’ part of the whole experience?”

”True, very true!” He laughed, blushing slightly as Maria looked towards the house, biting her lip. “And.... how are you holding up?”

Ahhh, so he is interested. Curious, if nothing else.

”Oh, you know, I’m holding....” she glanced around nervously, then smiled shyly, “.... literally.”

”She really won’t let you guys pee huh?” He said, incredulously, but suggestively.

”Haha, peeing isn’t my problem right now.” She giggled, crossing her legs and placing a hand gently over her ass. “My lunch isn’t really agreeing with me, so I’ve been.... well, trying to cope.” She giggled, stepping in place.

He blushed, but smiled suggestively, eyeing her tense, desperate figure up and down. “I thought girls don’t poop?”

She smiles wryly, and clenched her ass. “Well this one does, and it’s very inconvenient.”

*grrrrmmmmbllleee*

”Ugghhhh....” she moaned, bending over slightly.

”That bad huh?”

”Yeah, definitely.” She smiled, enjoying the strange envy in his eyes. “But you’re me, so that helps.”

“She doing my civic duty.” He winked.

She saw her group from the corner of her eye, getting a little squirmy as well, and decided to go check in. It’d give this guy a chance to get a look at her burdened ass.

”Hey, I’ll be right back. I gotta go check on some stuff.” She giggled, crossing her legs again. “Don’t go anywhere, I need your help.” She winked, and sauntered off, clenching to contain her bubbling guts the whole time.

*004*2019-01-31 09:29

{{10 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

Sammmme! This looks so thoroughly cohesive, now that it’s all posted together. I can see all the different elements at play on one page and it’s awesome!! What do you have in mind for part 2?

}}

Yeah we did good as a group! I'm thinking of taking us through dinner... got some ideas for part 2 brewing. There's still the party after dinner as well!

*005*2019-02-01 17:55

Part 2

Hope y'all like it and I didn't do anything with your characters you wouldn't like lol

Maria swung her hips as she walked away, directing the cute boy’s attention to her butt. She clenched her ass visibly, not even to put on a show, but out of sheer need as she approached the table with Stina and Nio. “I’m not gonna lie, I have to go so bad. How about you two?”

Nio nodded in sympathy. “I have to pee so bad… it’s all I can think about.”

Stina added, “Yeah, I definitely have to go.”

Lizzie and Katie, the latecomers, simultaneously grimaced as they remembered Callie had banned them from going during dinner.

Maria moved in closer to Stina and Nio so Lizzie and Katie couldn’t hear. “How’s our bet?”

They scanned the yard. Stina noted the purple-haired girl and blonde girl that Nio was confident would wet themselves. The purple-haired girl was constantly moving while talking to her friends, her legs shifting and crossing and uncrossing, but Stina didn’t notice an accident… yet. The blonde was standing by the front door alone and on her phone, legs tightly crossed in her beige shorts. While her translucent pink blouse showed off a racy black lingerie bra clearly, there was also no sign of an accident from this distance. Nio saw that as well and was impressed by their holding ability… and a little envious at this point.

After a couple seconds they all saw the redhead. She stood completely still with her legs tightly crossed, her butt permanently clenched as tight as possible, totally noticeable in her tight black leggings. Stina noted the position showed off how toned her ass was, but it was clear to anyone looking that she was on her last legs. Nio whispered, “She really has to go… but they’re probably going to wind down and announce dinner any second now. She just might make it.”

Maria would get to go if she won the bet, but she had other thoughts in mind now… she nodded and returned to the guy before he left. He, meanwhile, had been admiring her ass, noticing her clench and unclench during various waves of desperation as she had walked away. She had made sure her ass was facing him at all times while she was talking to the others.

“I wanted to catch your name before dinner. Are you planning to go to the party?”

“I’m Alex. Yeah, I definitely plan to be at the party… if you’ll be there.”

“I’ll be there. We have to go.”

“Do they make you hold it at the party as well?”

“Yup. We get to go during dinner, I think… but…” She squirmed for extra effect. “I don’t know if I should.” She emphasized the last word while checking him out up and down. She saw him shift his legs uncomfortably… she wondered if she was causing a certain reaction from him. He leaned in and whispered in her ear, “Why don’t you hold it through dinner… for me.”

She nodded her head in agreement, clearly turned on now. However, just then, she let out a loud fart on accident and jumped in surprise. Alex wasn't scared off at all, though, and winked at her. They both parted ways as Callie called for everyone’s attention. Any remaining visitors began to leave as the sorority girls moved in closer to her by the front door. Callie’s legs were shifting and moving more than ever, the movement constantly causing her straight black hair to fall in front of her face, and she had a slightly pained expression on her face, but she did her best to continue her stern tone of voice. “Freshmen. Return the lemonade to the kitchen. Pack up the tables and bring them inside. Leave them in the living room for now. I’ll put away the money. Then, join a table and wait for dinner. Everyone else, head inside for dinner. I’ll give further instructions then. MOVE!”

The freshmen hung back as everyone else headed inside. In all the movement, Stina noticed Claire, the freshman who she was convinced had peed subtly in her miniskirt, move away as everyone else was distracted. Stina and the other freshmen moved to clean up, but she kept her eye out as Claire moved to the side of the house towards the backyard. Claire was hunched over and clutching her stomach, and Stina could easily guess what she was about to do. Claire never made it to the back yard though and stopped suddenly and frantically lifted her skirt.

Stina clearly saw a blue thong and… half a turd just hanging out, pushing aside her thong. Claire must have been prairie dogging this whole time and was losing it as she watched! Claire backed into the side of the house and squatted over a flower garden and just let the rest of it out, followed by another quick turd, before getting up and flipping her skirt down. She quickly looked around and Stina pretended to be watching the cleanup… it seems she was the only one that noticed. Claire returned to her station with no one but Stina the wiser, her only tell being beet red from embarrassment.

As the others cleaned up, Callie stood before Stina, Nio, and Maria to grab the money. She demanded, “How much did we make?”

They all shrugged. Nio said, legs tightly crossed, “We didn’t have time to count it.”

Callie, clearly particularly irritated by her own need, scoffed. “Useless. I have to do everything.”

At that moment, though, a particularly strong urge must have hit her, because her breath caught in her throat and she crossed her legs immediately. Her hand hovered by her side, clearly about to grab her crotch. After a split second, Callie grabbed the money and walked away, but Stina swore she saw a subtle and small dark splotch form on Callie’s crotch, perhaps the size of a coin. She turned to the others. “Please tell me you all saw that.”

They grinned back. Maria said, “Oh yeah. She totally let out a bit.” Nio followed up, “Great way to get her off our backs, but now I REALLY have to pee!”

Stina said, “Right! Let’s get this table into the living room and then we can go!”

They carried the table in and joined the other freshmen in finding a place to sit for dinner.

Emily waved them over. She had saved seats, and Stina, Maria, and Nio joined her at the table. The desperate purple haired girl was there, too, and Stina grabbed a seat by her. Stina saw she had her hand directly in her crotch, holding herself through her white shorts. Stina, to her own shock, felt another feeling besides desperation down below… something that had been building in the background as she had watched her sorority sisters and felt her own need rise, but she pushed that thought aside. She had always liked guys, and she definitely wasn’t attracted to THIS situation! Right?

Lizzie and Katie, who helped them carry the table in, sat by Rowan, Claire, Selene, and the desperate blonde and redhead that they were keeping an eye on. Stina lingered at the thought of Claire’s messy butt sitting, but the thick denim kept her accidents a secret.

The kitchen staff, mostly students who served Greek life for their own scholarship program, began carrying out the food as Callie walked back to the dining room after putting away the money. Callie stood by their table, and the girls could see why. Now the wet spot was the size of half a waffle, going from the bottom of her zipper to the ends of her jeans shorts, and she was using their table to hide it from the larger crowd. Stina, Nio, and Maria, however, had front row seats and exchanged smirks. Callie shouted, “This is the order! Seniors! You can use the upstairs bathroom now. Juniors, downstairs. After they are back, sophomores can take the upstairs bathroom and freshmen the downstairs. If there’s time. Except you two, for being late!”

She pointed to Lizzie and Katie, singling them out in front of everyone. Lizzie’s ears, with her short brown hair and her pale skin, were visibly red with embarrassment, but Katie yawned dismissively and in defiance. Callie took a longer second to glare at Katie, but her stare was cut short by a spurt Stina, Nio, and Maria clearly saw. The wet spot brightened and then grew as a trickle rolled down her legs. Additionally, they distinctly heard a fart, though no other table would likely hear over the din of food being served. Unbeknownst to anyone else, Nio had her phone camera out and subtly took a picture of Callie's wet spot. Callie shouted, “Dismissed!” and marched upstairs, likely hoping her stern demeanor would prevent anyone from looking closely.

Stina watched her clenched ass as she walked away and said, “You know, despite being a bitch, Callie’s pretty hot.”

Maria laughed. “You checking out the ladies?”

Stina was embarrassed at her slip up. “Uh… you know, I can admire anyone.”

Emily butt in to remind them that they weren’t the only ones at the table. “Girls. I wanted to introduce you to Mercedes. Mercedes is a sophomore majoring in political science. Mercedes, these are Maria, Niolette, or Nio, and Stina.”

The desperate girl in white shorts pulled out her hand that wasn’t holding her crotch and shook the other girls’ hands. “Hi y’all. Sorry I didn’t introduce myself earlier, I can’t believe Callie is making the sophomores and freshmen wait. I’m dying to pee.”

Nio nodded. “Me too, girl.”

Mercedes leaned in. “Did you see Callie? I think that bitch peed herself a little bit.”

Nio asked, “Has she always been that rude?”

Mercedes nodded. Emily cut in, ever the peacemaker, “Now, ladies, Callie may be stern, but she has held this sorority together through some tough times.”

Emily crossed her legs, and that startled Stina. “Aren’t you a senior? Why aren’t you going?”

Emily smiled wanly. “Well, I actually privately agree with Mercedes that Callie’s bathroom rules are a bit over the top, so I’m going to wait until you all get to go before I do.”

As they spoke, the blonde with a blue streak walked by and Emily called her name. “Jessica! Have you met these new recruits?”

Jessica stopped, her face trying to hide her annoyance. Stina, Nio, and Maria eyed her up and down, having already watched her predicament all day. Unsurprisingly to them, they saw a dark splotch on the crotch of her beige shorts. They pretended not to notice as Emily introduced them all to each other. Jessica clearly wanted to leave, though, and as her wet spot darkened, she hurriedly said, “I need to grab a spot in line. I’m dying to go. I’ll talk to you all later!”

Jessica walked away and joined the back of the juniors line downstairs. While the seniors, including Callie, were out of sight, the juniors waited in line in clear view of the dining room.

Stina heard a muffled squeak from her side and looked to see Mercedes looking down at her crotch. Stina saw a wet spot develop, clearly visible with her white shorts. Mercedes thrust her left hand into her crotch again and dove into eating, trying to distract herself. Nio, on the other hand, had grown quiet, her concentration entirely focused on holding her piss in and eating at the same time.

Maria saw Stina checking out Mercedes and smiled to herself. She remembered a time when she was confused with her own… quirks, but Stina was early on the path of discovery. She was gonna learn tonight. Besides, at this rate, Nio and herself were both going to have an accident right in front of Stina.

A few minutes into dinner and the juniors were almost all through with the bathroom, but Jessica was still last and out the bathroom door. Maria's side of the table had a clear view. She could now see the wet spot on the back of Jessica's shorts, and as Jessica doubled over with an almighty urge, she got Stina's attention. "Check out the line."

Stina looked back and saw Jessica in the throes of her accident. The spot on her back grew as trails ran down her legs. From a distance, Maria and Stina both thought they coulse also see a bulge develop as one side of her shorts seemed to droop. The door swung open and another junior left, looking on in sympathy but walking away wordlessly. Jessica charged in the bathroom, still peeing freely. Maria looked over at Stina and could see her staring and chuckled to herself.

Stina was, in fact, mesmerized. She could deny it no longer. She was horny, and she was horny because she had to pee and because she had saw someone else had an accident and because that person was a girl. She realized she was still looking away from her table and turned around and tried to play it cool. "Damn, she really had to go."

Nio looked up. "What did I miss?"

"Oh, that girl you saw earlier, the blonde, I dunno if she made it..."

Nio responded, "See, I told you!"

Mercedes, not knowing she was also someone they had noticed earlier, said, "As long as Callie didn't see... otherwise she'd ban the rest of us from going and I will definitely piss myself."

Stina glanced over and saw the wet spot was now the size of a dollar bill, visible around the edges of her hand. As she looked, another spurt came out and she saw a little puddle pool between her legs before seeping down to her chair. Stina quickly went back to her food so she wouldn't be caught staring.

A couple minutes later, Jessica stepped out of the bathroom, her shorts clearly wet from the front, and she made a beeline to the stairs. Clearly, she was one of the sisters that lived here and was looking to change before Callie caught her. She must have been successful, because Callie came down a few minutes later and announced, "Alright, sophomores, freshmen, it's your turn."

Mercedes jumped up from her seat and practically ran up the stairs. Stina could see her wet spot go up her white shorts quite a ways. It was definitely visible, but no one besides her was going out of their way to check out her ass, so she likely escaped undetected. Stina glanced down and saw a small puddle in her wooden chair, though.

Callie walked past them to grab her own seat and eat, something she hadn't yet gotten to do, and the girls saw that while she was wearing jeans shorts still, they didn't have any sign of wetness. Nio whispered, "She must have changed... Stina, I guess that means you won your bet."

Stina had other thoughts in mind at this point, though, and shook her head. "I was hoping to embarrass the iron lady and besides us, she got away with it. I don't think I won the spirit of the bet..."

Nio knew she had evidence but shrugged. "Suit yourself."

She turned to Maria. "Where are we on our bet?"

Maria, who was looking down and rubbing her stomach in response to a particularly strong push from her bowels, looked up. They looked over and saw the redhead get up to get in line, along with Rowan and Selene. Unlike Mercedes, she got up slowly and gingerly. Stina noted Claire stayed seated, likely given up on the idea of cleaning up after her secret accidents. Stina saw piss trickle down Selene's legs as she got up, joining a puddle already on the ground. Selene must have pissed herself during dinner and no one noticed! Selene quickly "accidentally" knocked her water over onto the floor as she got up, though, and that along with the athletic shorts material meant no one could tell she had had an accident. Rowan wasn't wearing as versatile of clothing, and her light colored ripped jeans clearly showed off her wet spot.

Maria and Nio watched intently as they walked by their table. As they walked by, Maria saw the redhead's ass, still tightly clenched, but with the smallest of bulges, the size of a grape, sticking out. She must be just about to shit herself! Maria knew she was planning to hold it through dinner, though, and felt bad about Nio not getting a chance to go, so she thought of a plan quickly. Maria called out, "Rowan, Selene, who's your tablemate?"

They stopped and turned to face Maria. The redhead had a clearly pained look on her face, but she introduced herself. "I'm Joanna, I'm majoring in nursing, you must also be new recruits."

They did the rounds and introduced each other. As they talked, Selene leaned in to Stina's ear and whispered, "Did it work? I didn't see if Callie pissed herself."

Stina nodded. "We totally saw a wet spot, but she changed before anyone else noticed."

Selene swore. "Was hoping to embarrass that asshole."

Nio, who was sitting on the other side of Stina, overheard and turned to them. "I got evidence."

They both were shocked. "What?!"

Nio looked around and saw Maria was talking to Rowan and Joanna and Emily had turned around completely to talk to somebody at a different table. She pulled out her phone and showed the picture. Selene pumped her fist and said, "Man, that is blackmail if she ever messes with us! Thanks, Nio. We gotta go, though, all of us gotta poop real bad. I think one of the school cafeteria's lunches was... not good. Send that to me?"

Stina and Nio nodded and Selene turned to join the freshman line. Stina and Nio returned to hear the end of the conversation. Maria was talking to Joanna and Rowan about what to major in, but as Joanna described nursing, the three of them heard the telltale crackling of someone shitting themselves. A loud fart followed, and Joanna burned red as she pretended nothing happened. "Anyway, if you wanna talk more about applying for nursing, you know where I live!"

Rowan and Joanna turned to go and they all saw what was now a clear bulge held in place by Joanna's tight leggings. It was now the size of an orange. Joanna acted like nothing happened, though, and headed upstairs as Rowan joined Selene on the first floor.

Maria winked to Nio. "Guess you won the bet... she definitely didn't make it."

Nio thought for a second. "I bet she wouldn't make it to dinner. Technically, she shit herself after dinner started. I think you won the bet."

Maria looked to argue, but Callie got up at that moment. She shouted, "Alright people, dinner's over. Anyone have any last minute outfit changes, make-up to do, do it now, because we are about to head to this party!"

A few people cheered for the party, but Callie cut that off. She pointed at a freshman in line. It was Rowan, as Selene had just slipped inside the bathroom. "YOU! Time's up! Get back to your table!"

Rowan was indignant, but wasn't about to make a scene in front of everyone and meekly walked back to her table, still desperate. As people started to get up and go wait in the living room to head over to Delta Upsilon, Nio shook her head and uncrossed and re-crossed her legs. "I don't think I can make it through this party..."

Maria agreed. She had been distracted through dinner by everyone else's desperation, but her own returned with a vengeance as she let out a wet sounding fart. "Girl. Same."

Stina kept silent, not wanting to let on how much she was enjoying the situation. She had to pee as well, but she was too turned on to notice her desperation. She also saw Mercedes slip back into the crowd, still wearing the same shorts with the visible wet spot. She must not have been able to change. Emily had turned back to them as well, and she also had not had a chance to go. She tried to encourage them. "I believe in you girls! I'll hold it right along with you."

They stood by the door waiting to head out. The stragglers from the bathroom joined them, with Joanna last and still in her black leggings. They showed no evidence she had a full-blown accident in them.

Maria patted her somewhat bloated and visible midriff. She let out another fart, this one even wetter sounding, and whispered to Stina, "I'm sorry, this is super gross, but that fart felt wet, can you tell?"

Stina privately didn't mind the excuse at all to look at Maria's exposed ass in her daisy duke shorts, but there was no mark. She whispered, "You're good."

"Good, I met a boy I gotta impress tonight."

Stina replied, "Oh, trust me, I think you'll impress all the boys."

With that, the AXO girls left the house and walked the block to Delta Upsilon.

*007*2019-02-04 20:45

Part 3 & Epilogue

There's quite a bit of messing and sexual content, as a warning. Hope you're okay with that.

The AXO sisters arrived at Delta Upsilon and entered the first room, a large and cleared out living room. Without the furniture and with the attached secondary living room and open kitchen, the first floor could somewhat uncomfortably fit 150 people, and with over 80 sorority sisters and at least 60 fraternity brothers, all that room would be needed. There were a couple of tables for beer pong and other drinking games, and the kitchen had a whole counter dedicated to shots and mixed drinks, while the living room had not one, not two, not three, but four kegs of beer. Additionally, a DJ booth was set up and one of the living rooms was clearly intended for dancing.

As the girls arrived, the boys raised their cups and cheered. The upperclassmen generally knew each other, and the ladies grabbed their own cups to pour themselves beer and mingle with their friends. A few sorority sisters had brought leftover lemonade and set it down with the shots. A large plastic container was filled with a mystery mixed drink, referred to by the fraternity brothers with vaguely offensive-sounding names like “jungle juice” and “wop” and some of the lemonade was poured in it.

Emily took the microphone at the DJ booth to grab people’s attention. “First of all, just a thank you again to Delta Upsilon for their hospitality. Today’s lemonade fundraiser as a big success and you deserve to celebrate! Before we crank up the music and let you all get to it, the freshmen need to join me for celebratory SHOTS for joining the best sorority on campus!”

Another cheer echoed through the building and fraternity members started pouring shots of tequila for each of the freshmen. Stina, Maria, and Nio grinned at each other and downed their shots, but all three began coughing in reaction to the burning sensation. Maria couldn’t help but let another wet fart out, fortunately covered up by the sound of the DJ beginning his setlist. The coughing didn’t help Nio’s desperation, either, who felt the first spurt dampen her pantyhose and shorts. Katie, on the other hand, took her shot like a champ and grabbed cups to give to the struggling freshmen so they could pour themselves a chaser. Katie and Lizzie went for the jungle juice while Stina, Maria, and Nio poured themselves coke. They saw Rowan, Selene, and Claire head to the kegs to get beer as chaser. Stina swore she could now see a hint of a wet spot from behind Rowan, right on the seam at the bottom of her shapely butt.

Maria scanned the room for Alex before finding him by the beer kegs. She winked at Stina and Nio before joining him. She bent over to pour herself a beer and intentionally pointed her ass at him. The act of bending over caused her to fart yet again, just loud enough for Alex to hear. She turned to face him. “Oops.”

He grinned. “You did what I asked.”

“I sure did. Wanna dance?”

They joined the crowd on the dance floor as the DJ began to play some upbeat hip-hop music. Maria always loved to dance and grinded her clenched ass into Alex, who she could quickly feel get excited through his jeans. He grabbed her breasts while she grinded on him, feeling her hardening nipples. His other hand ran up her thigh. Maria was lost in the moment and her ass unclenched momentarily, letting out a particularly raunchy fart. She could feel his dick twitch. He whispered, “Are you going to lose it?”

She turned around and put her arms around him. “It’s getting close… but will you lose it?”

She leaned in and began to make out with him on the dance floor. Her hands wandered down and she rubbed his bulge while his felt her ass hanging out of her daisy duke shorts. He ran his finger along her crack and felt a vague dampness. Her tiny white g-string (to prevent a visible underwear with such skimpy shorts) would stop nothing. He then pulled her clenched buttcheeks apart. Gasping, Maria let out a real shart, runny shit escaping and ruining her thong. He pulled her in close and kissed her before spinning her around. She bent down to give him a good look; the seam hugging her crack showed a dark spot about the size of a quarter as the messy poop stained through. She backed herself up to him and grinded against his crotch again.

Meanwhile, Stina and Nio had joined Rowan by the beers. Selene and Claire were dancing with boys, but Rowan stood still and had her legs tightly crossed. Her curly blonde hair glistened with sweat from the effort of holding it. She looked pleadingly at Stina and Nio as they poured themselves beers. “Please. Help me. I’m going to piss myself.”

Nio sympathized and showed her small wet spot on her shorts. “Me too… but what should we do? We can’t use the bathroom and if we get caught we’re not gonna be allowed to join!”

Stina scanned the room. The two living rooms were packed as people played drinking games and danced, but the kitchen was momentarily empty. She grabbed Nio and Rowan. “Come with me, I got an idea.”

Nio spurted twice more as she was grabbed and essentially dragged across the room. The wet spot and damp patches on her pantyhose were visible, but in the dimly lit frat house, she wasn’t obvious… yet.

She led them to the kitchen and behind the counter with the hard alcohol and mixed drinks. The counter blocked their lower halves from the rest of the room. “Alright, one of you pull your pants down just far enough to piss in a cup while we block you from anyone who walks into the kitchen, then we switch.”

Rowan was terrified. “There’s like 100 people who could see me, it’s too risky!”

Nio felt another spurt and said, “Fuck it, let’s do it.”

They backed into a corner so Rowan and Stina could block any potential kitchen visitors from seeing Nio. Stina chugged her beer so her cup would be available. Nio fumbled with her buttons before pulling her shorts halfway down her thighs. Stina stared at Nio’s visible parts as the whole crotch of her pantyhose was visibly wet. Nio made an impatient noise and Stina broke out of her reverie and handed Nio the cup. Nio didn’t bother to pull down her pantyhose and pressed the cup right to her crotch and let go. Stina could hear the hissing and the cup filling up and felt herself get wetter… but not from urine.

Rowan struggled as she heard Nio’s relief and Stina glanced over to see her wet spot expand around her crotch to the size of a baseball. Fortunately for her, Nio then finished peeing and handed Stina her cup back before pulling up her shorts. Peeing through her pantyhose caused some glistening wetness to roll down her legs, but none of the boys or Callie would likely notice. Only a couple people had come in and out of the kitchen, mainly to pour themselves more alcohol, and they didn’t bother to look closer at three girls who looked like they were merely having a conversation.

Nio and Stina looked to Rowan. Rowan looked down at her pants and said, “Fuck it, okay let’s do it.” Stina went to pour the cup out of the sink as Rowan got into position and unbuttoned her tight jeans, revealing red underwear.

Stina handed her her cup and she and Nio formed a wall. Rowan pulled her jeans down partway down her thighs, revealing her underwear as boyshorts, now sporting a darker red stain throughout the crotch. She set the cup not a second too soon as pee started gushing out of her through her underwear. Ten seconds in, though, and her eyes went wide with panic. Stina whispered, “What’s wrong?”

Rowan whispered, “I can’t hold it, I’m pooping too.”

Stina and Nio didn’t know what to say and in the silence heard crackling in addition to the hissing. Stina looked down but couldn’t see anything except very wet panties. As her stream dribbled to a halt, she heard one last fart before Rowan handed her the very full cup. She turned a little and felt the bulge in the back, which Stina could see was about the size of an orange, but fully contained by her full cut boyshorts. Not knowing what else to do, Rowan gingerly pulled up her jeans, wincing as it began to flatten her poop. After she buttoned up, she spun around. “Is it visible?”

Stina and Nio looked closely… Stina in particular. Stina could smell the faint scent of shit, but it wasn’t overpowering and the jeans were tight enough that while you could detect a faint bulge, they flattened the poop enough that people would likely not notice. The solid quality meant nothing stained through. Stina said, “I… uh… think you actually got away with it.”

Rowan turned around and was bright red. “I’m so sorry you saw that… but thank you for helping.”

Nio smiled. “Hey, sisters for life now. It’ll make a good story in ten years.”

Rowan smiled weakly. “Maybe thirty years.”

Meanwhile, Maria was still dancing with Alex. More runny poop had left a brown stain the size of a dollar. She could feel her cheeks feel wet and messy but could also feel Alex’s throbbing penis. She was trying to make him cum before she shit herself, but she was on her last legs. She straightened up and raised her head to tell him, “I can’t hold it anymore…”

He leaned into her ear. “Then don’t.”

She then bent over a little and pushed her ass against him again as a loud fart heralded her shitting herself as a first blast of a mixture of runny and solid shit, likely thanks to those cheesy nachos, flew out. She knew he could feel it come out and she rubbed her ass against his crotch, staining the front of his jeans and finally… she could feel his penis throb against her ass as he came in his pants. That, her shitting herself, and a trail of runny poop beginning to run down her thighs was too much for her, and for the first time without touching herself or the help of someone else, she came as well, gasping in surprise.

Alex held her close so no one could see their respective stains. “Let’s go to my room upstairs.”

As she came to her senses, Maria nodded and they walked in sync so no one could see his front or her behind. She hadn’t let everything out, fortunately, otherwise her shit would be on the ground, but as it is, she felt exposed with poop along her thighs.

They made it into the stairwell and eventually into Alex’s room and they finally separated. Maria gave Alex a once over, seeing his jeans brown and wet in the front from his own cum and her poop. She felt a push and grunted, turning around so he could see her ass as she pushed out the rest of the poop, now more solid. Chunks fell between her leg holes and onto the ground and she peed as well, forming a small puddle.

Alex, to his surprise, was hard again and began to pull her shorts down while she continued to poop. He saw her now completely stained white thong and pulled that down as well, leading her to the bed.

Downstairs, Katie and Lizzie had had several drinks and were in line to play beer pong when the fraternity brothers lined up to face them offered them a proposition. “What do you think we up the ante and make it strip beer pong?”

Lizzie, more shy, was tentative. “In front of everyone?”

Katie was very tipsy and just responded, “I’m down. Comon Lizzie!”

Lizzie groaned and nodded. She hoped the game distracted her from her need to pee. The lack of bathroom at dinner plus several drinks was putting a strain on her bladder. The boys exchanged high fives. One wearing a fraternity themed tank and jeans said, “Great. I’m Sam.” He pointed to his friend. “This is Oscar.” Oscar was wearing a button up and chino shorts.

They set up and Oscar said, “Ladies first.”

Lizzie threw the first shot and sank her shot. The two guys took a sip of their beer before Sam asked, “So who’s taking off their clothes between us?” Lizzie pointed to him. “You take off your shirt.”

Sam obliged and then Katie took her shot but missed. Sam and Oscar grinned as they each took a shot and downed both of them immediately.

Lizzie, who was standing with her legs crossed trying to ignore her bladder, groaned. Katie drunkenly threw her hands in the air. “Hey, I’m just wearing a dress, it’s too easy.” Katie had to pee, too, but was barely aware in her drunken state.

Oscar nodded. “Okay, Katie, take off your shoes. We’ll save the dress for next time. Lizzie… your tank top please.”

Lizzie pulled off her top, which barely hid anything anyway, to show off large breasts barely held in by her lacy white bra. Lizzie and Katie both took a sip of their beer, as well.

She took her own shot and missed, but Katie got a lucky shot. She pointed at Oscar, who took off his button up.

Sam missed his next shot, but Oscar sank his and pointed right back at Katie. Katie pretended to pout before pulling off her pink sundress and throwing it to the side. Underneath, she had on matching light blue hipster panties and bra. Katie hadn’t even noticed she had spurted into her panties, but the boys mistook the small wet spot to mean she was aroused by the situation… and she was, as well.

Lizzie saw the wet spot and thought that she was going to have an accident soon, too, and didn’t want Callie or the boys to notice. She steeled herself to win the game and threw a perfect shot. She pointed to Sam, who took off his jeans to show off his boxer briefs. Despite being apprehensive, she was now enjoying the sight of two very in-shape men standing half naked in front of her. She particularly noted the firm bulge in Sam’s boxer briefs.

Katie missed her shot wildly, but Sam and Oscar both missed as well. Lizzie drained her returning shot. The process of shooting, though, caused a spurt, and she felt the first wetness on her grey thong. Ignoring it, she pointed to Oscar. “Let’s make it even for both of you.”

Oscar took off his shorts and was wearing regular boxers, but they too showed a bit of a bulge. Katie, unsurprisingly, missed, but Sam sunk his shot as Oscar missed and pointed to Lizzie. She pulled off her short skirt and saw Sam and Oscar’s bulges grow as they saw her thong and her wet spot.

Lizzie grinned and threw her shot, sinking it. Katie, miraculously, made her shot and won the game as Sam and Oscar finished their beers.

The crowd around them was now chanting for Sam and Oscar to strip, who begrudgingly obliged and stripped to the nude, showing off their rather erect cocks.

Sam made a motion to upstairs and Lizzie nodded in agreement, taking Katie in tow as the crowd cheered. Once in Sam and Oscar’s room, Katie suddenly hunched over and crossed her legs. “Oh shit. I really have to pee.”

Sam responded, “Just go to the bathroom, then.”

Lizzie explained, “Callie said we couldn’t and that Delta Upsilon’s leadership agreed to ban the bathrooms for the night.”

Oscar was incredulous. “What? Why?”

“Apparently an AXO pissed in a keg bucket and embarrassed the sorority.”

“Man, I would actually love to see that.”

Katie was too drunk to have inhibitions. “Well, you can see me do this.”

Before anyone could stop her, she spread her legs and pissed forcefully through her blue underwear onto the ground. A puddle grew and grew, but Lizzie noted both boys were fully erect and completely entranced watching. It seems this wasn’t going to ruin the evening after all…

When she was done, Katie grinned at the boys and flopped onto the bed.

Oscar and Sam shifted uncomfortably, unsure of what to do but seriously aroused.

Lizzie offered a solution. “Katie is definitely too drunk, we should let her pass out. But, to make sure you don’t tell anyone else about her accident… why I don’t I reward both of you for your silence?”

Oscar and Sam high fived again and said simultaneously, “Yes!”

Lizzie took off her wet thong and began to blow Sam and stroke Oscar at the same time. After a few minutes, she signaled Oscar to move, and he moved behind her and began to penetrate her as she continued to blow Sam. Oscar’s penis pushed against her bladder, jacking up her desperation, but it also felt good to her. It wasn’t long before she could feel an orgasm coming. As Sam came in her mouth, she came and began to squirt repeatedly as her bladder could hold on no longer. As Oscar felt her squirt on him, he came as well, pulling out and cumming on her back. Lizzie saw the rather large puddle beneath her, but it seemed Sam and Oscar didn’t care one bit. Sam grinned. “I think you won our silence from Callie.”

Downstairs, it was clear the alcohol and dancing was working and people were regularly making their escape to hook up. Stina saw Claire sitting on a couch and making out with a guy and could see up her skirt, seeing a stained wet thong and brown stains on the inside of her denim miniskirt. She was bemused at what the guy would think if and when they hooked up and he undressed her. Joanna, too, was grinding on a guy, and she wondered if he would be as into it if he knew the inside of her leggings was coated with shit. Nio, too, was confident her wet spots had dried and was chatting up a boy in a corner.

Stina, meanwhile, was too busy observing the desperate girls to get sucked into chatting with a boy. Her own urges were reaching desperate levels, but she had been easily distracted, first by watching Lizzie and Katie’s strip beer pong game (and noting their wet spots) and now watching Claire, Joanna, and Nio, knowing their secrets. Rowan, too, had overcome her embarrassment and was playing flip cup, and Stina watched her intently, knowing despite her mostly dried wet spot, she was hiding a much messier accident. At one point, a boy grabbed her ass, and she immediately batted his hand away. Stina wondered if he noticed.

She sipped her beer, crossing her legs absentmindedly as she watched Claire and the boy join Joanna and her man on the dance floor. Stina felt a surge of horniness as she realized Joanna had a shining wet spot on her black leggings. She was letting it out in spurts! The darkness, the black leggings, and Joanna’s continuous dancing prevented anyone from noticing the several wet spots on the ground, especially as there as plenty of spilled drinks all over as well.

Claire, however, did seem to notice and seemed to think it was a great idea, as Stina saw a spurt go straight down between her legs in her skirt before another rivulet ran down along her legs, her man none the wiser.

Watching them slowly let go was too much for Stina, and she finally began to pee, dampening her black panties before she crossed her legs and bent over, forcing the stream to stop.

Mercedes walked up to her. “So… you’re into the ladies.”

Stina looked back, shocked at being caught before releasing another stream. “Uh. What?”

Mercedes gave a knowing look. “You’re the only sister who hasn’t been talking to or dancing with a boy all night. It’s okay. There’s always at least one in every recruitment class. No one holds it against you.”

Stina stammered at both being found out and over having an accident. “I… uhh… to be honest… I’ve never admitted to myself that.”

Mercedes looked her up and down and finally saw the stream running down Stina’s toned swimmer legs. “Oh! That. No big deal.”

She leaned in and said, “I had a small accident at dinner myself.”

Stina nodded. “I noticed…”

“I thought you might have been checking me out. Well, rookie, why don’t I show you the ropes?”

Mercedes grabbed Stina’s hand and began to dance with her, leaving Stina’s puddle in the corner of the room. Stina felt surreal, dancing as her wet underwear rubbed against her. Eventually, Mercedes leant in for the kiss, and Stina returned it. It felt right. It felt so much better than kissing boys.

Their make-out session on the dance floor was interrupted by a rude sounding fart from Stina. She straightened up, embarrassed. Mercedes comforted her. “Don’t be embarrassed. This is Callie’s fault for making such stupid rules.”

Speaking of which… Stina saw Callie walk around and pull random girls aside. “What is that iron lady doing anyway?”

Mercedes looked over and didn’t know either. It looked like she was… lifting girls’ skirts? Pulling on their pants?

Stina saw Emily nearby and beckoned her. “Emily… what’s Callie doing?”

Emily looked over and rolled her eyes. “It’s past midnight, so we’re letting girls go home if they’d like and also use the bathroom, but Callie wants to make sure people are dry.”

Stina gave Emily a once over and realized Emily, too was desperate to pee. Then she remembered she had just pissed herself! Callie would find out! Plus, her nervousness was ratcheting up her desperation to poop.

Claire and Joanna overheard Emily and hurriedly whispered to their respective men, who were ignorant of the situation and gladly began to take them upstairs. Stina wondered what their reaction would be when the ladies undressed.

Emily and Mercedes had no such boys room to run to, and they stood nervously as Callie made her way over. She approached Mercedes first and wordlessly pointed to her white shorts. Mercedes unbuttoned them and Callie pulled them down slightly and looked over her green full cut panties. They had long since dried since dinner, and in the darkness Callie couldn’t see any visible stain. Satisfied, she pulled them up and moved to Emily. Emily protested. “Comon, Callie, I’m in leadership. I’m the same year as you.”

Callie growled at her sternly. “Fair’s fair. All girls.”

Emily sighed and pulled her own white shorts down a little. Her plain white panties hid nothing and Callie spotted a small wet spot in the crotch. She pressed her finger to it and Emily shuddered. Stina saw Emily spurt in reaction right into Callie’s finger and Callie held it up to Emily’s face. “What’s this?”

Emily retorted, “I’ve been holding it since 1 PM, that’s almost 12 hours. I’d like to see you try that!”

Callie had a begrudging respect for that and pulled up Emily’s shorts for her, but she pulled them up as high as possible and Emily winced as she squirted again, now showing a wet spot on her shorts. Emily buttoned her shorts up, embarrassed.

Callie then turned to Stina, who was clenching her butt as tightly as possible. Callie pulled up her skirt and saw nothing on her black underwear, but she felt Stina’s crotch. Stina trembled, scared but also a little aroused. Callie easily felt the wetness of Stina’s fresh accident. “So. Frosh. You pissed yourself.”

Out of fright, Stina farted in response. Callie immediately grabbed Stina’s ass and felt them clench. “Oh. And you’re about to shit yourself. Why don’t you go ahead, since I’m about to bounce your ass out of this sorority, you child.”

Stina could do nothing except lose control, and Callie felt her ass as the turd first hit her panties and pushed them away from her butt. Her muscular ass couldn’t hold back and the turd curled up, forming a bulge the size of a clementine. Immediately after, another slipped out before a final turd curled up. The whole ordeal took about thirty seconds, but it felt like forever to Stina. As Callie pulled her hand away, Stina felt her back and could tell it was the size of at least a couple of baseballs. She pulled down her skirt in shame.

Callie grinned evilly. Suddenly, though, Stina remembered Nio’s text. She pulled out her phone and pulled it out. “You kick me out of this sorority… and I’ll show everyone this picture.”

Callie sputtered. “What! How did you get that? When did you take that? You can’t prove that’s me!”

Mercedes stepped in. “I saw it, too. I’ll tell everyone it’s you.”

Callie fumed. “No one will listen to you. I’m in leadership!”

Emily, despite straining to hold the rest of her pee, said, “I’m in leadership. They’ll listen to me.”

Callie stomped her feet. “Fine. You can join. You’re free to go to the bathroom.”

Callie stormed off, defeated.

Stina and Mercedes high fived, but as they turned to Emily, Emily just said, “Excuse me” and she ran off to the bathroom, a trickle running down her legs.

Mercedes looked to Stina. “Let’s go back to my place.”

Stina was surprised. “You’d still hang out with me? Even after I shit myself?”

Mercedes laughed. “I gotta be honest, I’ve done the same. You think with all this drinking sorority girls don’t regularly piss and shit themselves?”

Stina smiled. It seems joining AXO was going to be just as fun as she thought it was going to be. They stepped outside and Mercedes immediately began peeing through her shorts. “You weren’t the only one desperate, trust me.”

Despite being outside, Stina walked up to Mercedes and held her before putting her hand in Mercedes’s crotch. She began to rub her as she peed. Mercedes turned around and Stina slipped her hand inside her shorts and felt her wet panties as Mercedes pushed up her skirt and did the same. Mercedes used her other hand to feel Stina’s massive bulge. Stina gasped. “Wait… let’s get home. Don’t want Callie taping us from the corner or something.”

The moment they got home, Mercedes pushed Stina down onto a couch and fingered her, her expert fingers making Stina cum very quickly. Stina returned the favor, despite her inexperience. Mercedes then led Stina into the shower to clean up and to show her everything she knew.

Epilogue - the morning after

Nio hooked up with her man without him ever knowing about her accident. The morning after, she dressed herself and left, but she realized halfway back to her dorm she should have peed. She speed walked the rest of the way, spurting occasionally, but made it right into her dorm bathroom as the dams burst. She hopped in the shower and let the piss run down her shorts and pantyhose before she snuck into her own room to change, early enough no one else was up.

Lizzie and Katie both woke up to realize they wet Sam and Oscar’s beds, respectively, but paid them back with sex.

Claire dressed herself as her man slept. The drunkenness, horniness, and darkness meant he never really noticed her accidents. She slipped on her dirty and stained thong, grimacing, before inspecting her miniskirt. The inside had brown stains throughout, but the outside showed nothing. She slipped it on and snuck out before he would notice, making sure to stop in the bathroom to pee before leaving. Too tired and without a care about her dirty underwear, she lifted up her skirt and peed through her thong before walking away.

Joanna had a similar situation, and she pulled up her leggings. They still felt damp, but from the outside, no one could tell. She winced as she felt the dirty back rub against her messy butt, and she could see a few light brown stains on his bedsheet, but she doubted he could figure out what had happened and left before he woke up.

Selene also hooked up with a guy, but she woke up along with him. She peed in the bathroom but couldn’t bring herself to poop with fraternity guys coming in and out of the bathroom. When she returned to the room, they kissed and he offered breakfast. She felt the effects of all the drinking, though (Day After Drinking Shits!) and declined. They set a time for a real date, though, and Selene leaned over to kiss him again before she left as he lay in bed. As she leaned over, a rude sound came out and she felt a wet shit slide out. Fortunately, the inside of the athletic shorts had a built in underwear of sorts and everything held in. The loose shorts didn’t show a noticeable bulge unless one really looked for it. The guy just thought she had farted and laughed it off as she, embarrassed, backed out the room with her butt facing away and left, red-faced. While she had got away with it, she was not looking forward to the cleanup.

Rowan had also gotten the interest of a guy and had even danced with him. He eventually invited her up and she, tipsy, said yes despite her messy underwear. In his room, she made out with him before feeling self conscious about smelling the faint hint of poop. She realized there was no way for him to not notice if she took off her pants. Strangely, though, she felt very horny about going this far without being caught with a load of shit in her pants, and she proceeded to take off his pants and begin to stroke him before moving to blow him. He stopped him from cumming, though, and pulled out a pair of handcuffs and offered to "spice things up."

Rowan saw her chance and said, "Nah, let's switch it around."

She tied him up to the bed and undressed facing him, taking off her top and her pants. Her red boyshorts had a residual wetness, but from the front, the frat guy couldn't see her bulge in the back. She kept her panties on and mounted him, pulling her panties to the side and slipping him in. She proceeded to fuck him till they both came, the orgasm heightened for her by her accident and his obliviousness. In fact, as she came, she pushed out a small remaining amount of poop and squirted on him a couple times. She eventually pulled herself off him, put on her pants, and let him out of the cuffs before winking at him and heading back to her own dorm to clean up and sleep, feeling satisfied.

Maria and Alex woke up in a messy bed, naked together. Maria’s ass was coated in shit and her dirty shorts were on the floor, covering a puddle and more bits of shit. Alex didn’t care, though - he felt he found the perfect woman. He prepared the coffeemaker in his room and handed her a cup of coffee as they sat together, content. Soon, though, they both felt the urge for their morning pee, along with the effects of the coffee on their bowels. Rather than give in, Maria mounted Alex again and fucked him as she peed, causing them both to cum.

As his dick softened, he could no longer hold it and began to pee on his own bed as well. Maria grinned. “We’re gonna have to spend all of today on cleanup.”

Alex said, “It’s worth it.”

Maria dug up some boxer briefs of Alex, grey ones. “Put these on. We’re gonna see who can hold it longer.”

Alex obliged and they began to wipe up the mess on the ground, farting occasionally. Maria held up her shorts. “How obvious would it be that I shit myself if I wore these?”

A brown stain the size of a dinner plate was on the back. “Pretty obvious.”

“How about I leave ‘em at your place and wear something of yours back home today.”

Alex nodded before grimacing as the coffee stimulated his bowels. Maria told Alex to turn around so she could watch his ass, and she rubbed herself as she saw Alex’s ass unclench and he shit himself in his boxer briefs. She sat him down on the side of the bed and pulled out his cock before mounting him yet again. As she rode him, she felt her ass open up and she shit yet again as she rode him.

They came again and, laughing at creating a mess yet again, cleaned themselves up.

Back at Mercedes’s apartment, Stina and Mercedes woke up after a long night of sex. Mercedes, wearing a new pair of grey underwear, felt all the alcohol from last night and got up to pee. Stina caught her and held her on top of her. Mercedes whispered, “I have to pee.”

Stina replied, “I don’t care” and began to kiss her.

Mercedes began to pee as they made out and they both wet the bed.

Emily returned to the AXO house that night after mostly making it to the bathroom. She walked up and knocked on Callie’s door. Callie opened it. She had taken off her shorts and was wearing a purple thong. A dried yellow stain revealed she had never changed her underwear. Emily grinned. “Another successful hazing, huh?”

Callie nodded. “Those girls thought they got away with it, but I got pictures of all of their accidents.”

Emily smiled. “They always fall for our good cop bad cop routine.”

Emily closed the door behind her and revealed her own white panties, now with a bigger yellow stain. Callie led her to the bed where they looked over the pictures and kissed.

