Magic Academy RP Side Stories

Author: Keita123

*000*2018-11-18 16:45

Meanwhile, at the southern end of the kingdom, right at the border with The Great Wasteland, stood a great fort and wall separating the two lands. Its name was the Shield of Pendragon, named after Alicia Pendragon who had become a hero of the kingdom for driving the invading orcs from the Great Wasteland.

And today, its namesake was approaching it in a rapid fashion.

Alicia rode as fast as she could on top of her horse. She had been riding on said white horse for more than 24 hours non stop without rest. Such was her amazing vigor.

But even her had her limits in all things.

Brrrrrfffffttt!

A fresh wave of gas escaped from her skintight white trousers as she lifted her buttocks a little from her saddle.

She was desperate.

It had been 30 hours since she last used the lavatory and now she was desperate on both ends.

Psss...

She quickly clamped her muscles, cutting off the leak immediately.

Just a little more. Just a little more until she arrived.

####

"Lady Alicia! Lady Alicia is here!"

"Oh, bless the gods, our savior is here!"

Such was the reaction she received when she arrived at her destination. She didn't waste time in pleasantries though. She immediately went off in search of the nearest privy after she left the stables.

"About time you showed up, Alicia."

Only to be interrupted by the Musketeer General of the kingdom, Winfry Albarn.

She was the leader of the musketeer batallion, a newly formed unit that utilized a newly invented weaponry of muskets and cannons.

"Come on. The meeting would start soon."

Alicia sighed inwardly. Her bathroom visit would have to wait, it seemed. It would be more important to attend this meeting right away and know the current situation.

"Lead the way," she told her.

Once there, she was greeted by the sight of all the high ranking soldiers in the army, along with three other generals.

First was the Warrior General, Layla Tu Danaan.

She held the charge on the frontline warriors and her skill with the scythe terrified even her own troops as she could chop and dice so many opponents with it in a flash.

The other one was Rana Nordwick, the Wizard General.

She commanded the magic batallion, both as offense and support.

And last but not least was Norn Farseer, the Druid General.

Unlike the others, she didn't command human troops. Instead, she specialized in aerial support with her squad of giant rocs. Their screams could bring terror to the battlefield and they could either swoop in with their strong claws and beaks or drop huge boulders or trees from the skies. And the druid herself could transform into a dragon.

"Oh finally you sure took your time, Alicia," Layla said once she saw her entering the room with an annoyed look.

Alicia never really got along with the general. It's not her fault however. It was the general's own attitude who caused such a rift.

You see, the general was jealous. Jealous on how Alicia could fight in the front lines while never having any accidents. The general's biggest shame had always been her weak bladder and bowel controls. It was so bad that she had to wear diapers underneath her poofy bloomers. Even now, as she sat on her seat, her diaper was squishing on her butt.

No one else knew obviously, or else she would've resigned out of shame.

Alicia took her seat but as she did, a powerful cramp assaulted her bowels. Quickly, she shifted her buttcheeks, raising one cheek slightly, and with deadly precision, began releasing a silent fart.

"So, what's the situation?" she asked with her serious expression, even though she was still in the middle of releasing her gas.

She was well practiced in this kind of stuff.

"Well, their last assault took a heavy toll on our forces," Rana answered as she took a sip of her coffee. "We annihilated many of them yet our scouts still reported that many more are still coming."

"They're expected to arrive at nightfall today," Winfry added.

"I see..." Alicia replied, only now ending her long fart. "Any demands from them?"

"Hah, all they ask was you, Alicia," Layla snidely replied.

"Me?" Alicia replied.

Pssshhh...

She quickly pressed her tights together. In surprise, her full bladder had failed her. Unlike before however, she couldn't stop the flow completely. She could only halt it to tiny little drops every second.

"Yes, you," Layla continued. "Their leader demanded to bring you, Alicia Pendragon, to them. Guess they want revenge or something."

"I see..." Alicia replied, feeling the warmth spreading on her already damp panties. "Then I guess I'll have to go to them, then!" she said with a confident grin

She then rose from her chair and said, "If that's all, then I'm going to my room. Getting quite sleepy after riding all day and night without rest, you see," she said, still with her grin.

She then turned around and left the room.

"H-hey, Alicia, we're not finished yet!" Layla shouted.

"Let her be. She needs her rest for the upcoming fight," Norn said to her with her usual calm self.

"Grrr, that woman just keeps doing whatever she wants!"

If Layla hadn't been so angry, she probably would have noticed the small wet patch on Alicia's pants.

Only Rana noticed, which gave her a little smirk.

Even the Hero herself needs a potty break, it seems.

And speaking of potty breaks, I sure need one myself.

She shifted her legs as she took another sip of her coffee. And, as a mark of sympathy to Alicia, she let out a long spurt of pee to her own black panties

And so ended Alicia's desperate horse ride. She made it, of course. She let her pee dry on her pants and panties, using perfume to mask the slight smell.

*003*2018-12-30 13:18

The assault of the orcs were relentless. Waves of waves upon orc warriors and their wargs battered over and over against the kingdom's army. With the chants of their shamans, they revelled in bloodlust while their enemies felt unnatural terrors inside their hearts. If not for Rana and her elite wizards weaving auras of courage and bravery upon the battlefield, the human army would all have run in terror for sure. Even so, it didn't come without a cost as the aura drained their mana as long as it was activated, not to mention the fear aura now focusing its effect of them in an effort to break their defenses down.

It led to some of the female mages having accidents under their robes thanks to the combination of the fear aura and their weakening hold thanks to their tiredness. Rana herself had leaked and farted several times. So, as the squad stood on the fortress walls overseeing the battlefield, a waft of pee and poo could be smelled around them, with some having puddles under them and/or browned/yellowed robes.

"Ethan, keep your eyes on the battlefield!" Lana ordered.

"Y-yes, ma'am!"

Lana sighed. Ethan was one of those pervy mages who liked seeing his comrades have an accident. His skill in magic was top notch but his attitude needed to be fixed for sure.

Meanwhile at the skies, Norn was in her dragon form, raining down hell from above with her fire breath, with her roc squad assisting her. She had to strike on the back of the enemy forces as to not harm her allies, but that resulted in her going thick into enemy territory. Archers and shamans battered her and her squad with arrows and spells, and every time one of her rocs fell, she could feel their pain and terror thanks to the emphatic link she had with them. Thankfully, a dragon had a much better bladder/bowel control than a human, so it didn't affect her at all, though enough terror could make her revert to human form against her will, and she would definitely soil herself when that happened.

Next was Winfry and her musketeer batallion. Some of her army still utilized bows however as the kingdom still hadn't managed to produce enough muskets for every archer. And besides, you couldn't utilize the "rain of arrows" tactic with muskets, so it would serve them well to have a bunch of archers in the back while muskets took the front, or, in a defensive battle like this, archers taking the walls and musketeers taking the field.

"Fire!"

A row of orcs fell instantly as their bullets landed, only for another row to instantly replace them.

There's no end to them!

Winfry stood gallantly at the front of her squad, even as her tight white shorts showed a splotch of yellow wetness on the front and a brown lump on the back. Ironically, her little accidents didn't happen because of a near death situation in combat. It was because she forgot to empty herself before heading out, and as the fight went on, she couldn't hold it anymore. It was really an embarrassment to her. Thankfully, her squad didn't seem to notice the fact, especially as some of them had their own accidents as well.

Suddenly, an orc champion ran straight for them. A champion was an orc far stronger than a normal orc and it could take many bullets before it would fall.

A loud Pssssshhh and Brlptbrlptbrlpt could be heard as some of the female musketeers lost it, soiling their uniformed tight black trousers, but Winfry rallied them all with a loud shout, telling them all to aim at the champion's body.

They fired, yet the champion still stood. And it continued running after them.

Psssshhh.

Winfry's shorts further dampened, turning translucent and showing the fact that she was wearing blue panties underneath.

Brrlllffttt

Wet mess filled her panties and shorts, coating the entirety of her buttocks with them.

She froze in place as the champion orc towered over her.

Only for a scythe to bisect the orc in two.

"Get yourself together, Winfry!"

The one that came to her rescue was Layla. The general only gave her a short glance before leaving to the frontlines again where her batallion was. Her army consisted of cavaliers and foot soldiers.

She was having a competition with Alicia, to see who could kill the most orcs. So far she had killed 112 orcs, a number she was decently satisfied with.

What she wasn't okay with however was the state of her diaper. It was already full with her pee and mess, thanks to the many close calls she had. An arrow whizzed by, she spurted in response. She was pushing back an enemy's blade, she pushed out her poop as well.

Unlike Alicia, that woman with her perfect, pristine white pants. The way they hugged her butt so tightly even annoyed her as if she was showing off how she never had any accidents.

Speaking of Alicia, she was currently taking on five orc champions at the same time.

"Graaar!"

One champion swung its huge twin blades at her. She dodged them by a simple leap before smashing her warhammer into its face, crushing its skull and killing it instantly. Another champion creeped behind her and swung its giant axe at her while she was still in mid-air. Unfortunately for it, Alicia was surrounded by a divine shield, so its attack simply bounced off. The moment Alicia landed, she dashed under it and smashed her hammer right at its crotch.

Ah, the weakness of every male creatures.

Two now fell. Three left.

Watching her from a distance, Layla could only frown in jealousy. She knew that she was stronger than her. To calmly stand against five champions like that, it was something even she couldn't do.

Two champions now attacked her at the same time; one raising its staff to summon flames from the ground; another charging for a shield bash. Instead of dodging however, she stood her ground, charged up her warhammer, and the moment the flame appeared, she hit the ground with it, creating a shockwave that dispelled the spell and repelled the charging champion away. Alicia immediately followed up with a blink forward, appearing right in front of the spellcaster champion before bashing its skull. The shieldbashing champion tried to retaliate but Alicia simply leaped over it and crushed its cranium from behind.

Four down. Only one left.

"Fu fu fu, as expected from the famous Alicia Pendragon."

At the shoulder of the last champion appeared what looked to be a portal. And from it appeared a very peculiar-looking figure.

It was not an orc. Instead, it looked to be a human with bat wings and a witch hat attached to her.

It was a she-demon.

"Let's bring things up a notch, shall we?"

*006*2019-11-13 09:16

The paladin smiled, swinging her warhammer to the ground. "Finally, the big fish comes out to play!"

The she-demon snapped her finger, creating a mass of black lances behind her. With another snap, she sent them all towards Alicia, with some magically phasing through the orc champion's body.

With no fear whatsoever, Alicia ran forward. She knew that the lances weren't thick enough that she couldn't just dodge between them. Her boots leaped and twisted around, each step calculated just enough so that the only harm she received was mere grazes to her clothing.

"Ha, is this all you got?" She spoke with a taunting grin.

The she-demon frowned. She had expected that most of her lances wouldn't land. But at least one or two would stick to their target. Not like this where she could dodge all of them.

"Not even close," she replied.

Another snap. A magic circle appeared, strings of shadows firing out, piercing the last orc champion. The creature let out a horrific, pained roar as its flesh sickeningly enlarged, seemingly tearing itself apart in the process.

Alicia shuddered, gripping her warhammer tightly. Demon magic. Never a pleasant sight. Or sound for that matter.

The transformation complete, the champion was now twice its original size. It let out a blood curdling scream as it charged forward.

Warmth. She could feel it dampening her panties. She now knew the scream was enhanced by a fear-inducing spell. She glanced at her compatriots in the distance. If they heard the scream, they should have peed or even messed themselves even more.

Enough so that they would be paralyzed in the spot.

The gigantic orc swung its dual scimitars at her. Enlarged as well by the spell, they had an immense reach, far longer and wider than their usual.

Alicia gulped as she held her warhammer in a blocking position. She maximized the light shield in front of her.

CRASH

The paladin was thrown away, losing their grip on the ground from the massive force. She managed to land on her feet however, a show of just how perfect her balance was.

She gritted her teeth, another wave of warmth entering her panties. Damn, been a while since I'm pushed back like this.

She now realized she had to go all out against this beefed up creature.

The she-demon snickered. Victory was definitely in her hands now.

She raised her right arm to the skies. An ominous-looking black cloud suddenly gathered before her. A chant began to be uttered from her lips.

The ultimate lightning spell, Thorfryj. She had never faced an opponent that survived the blast.

Alicia's heart skipped. This is bad. That's definitely a grand spell. I have to knock her out before it finishes, or else…

The orc stood still, guarding the demon mage that was chanting on top of his shoulder. It watched the paladin's every move, with not the slightest intention of letting harm befall its mistress.

...Nope, direct attack wouldn't work. Guess I have to use that form after all…

Alicia closed her eyes. Gripping her hammer tightly, she circulated every bit of her divine power into her bloodstream. It spread like wildfire, burning every inch of her body from the inside.

And then, she roared.

The she-demon gasped, a jet of urine escaping her bladder, soaking the crotch of her leotard. T-this surge of power… I-It couldn't… She looked down, only to find her eyes blinded by an intense, searing light.

That light suddenly jumped upwards with immense speed, bypassing the orc's vigilance. With one single full swing, she sent the demoness back down to the ground.

“G-gyaaah!”

The shock and pain were too much. She couldn’t stop herself from emptying her bowels and bladders as she laid down on the dirt, unable to lift a single finger from such a heavy blow.

“Y-you accursed—”

Her thoughts were cut short as Alicia dealt the finishing blow, smashing her head into chunks of purple gore before receding down to dust. Her control of the orc ended as well, and with it, the darkness became too much for its body, making it practically explode into pieces of flesh as well. The light then receded, revealing the Paladin underneath.

Alicia groaned, falling down on one knee, panting terribly as if she just ran a mile non-stop. Spurts of pee dampened her panties further, followed by a fart.

T-that was… tiring…

Avatar Form. It was an ability on the holiest of paladins could execute. Imbibing in divine light, said paladin temporarily transformed into the God of Light himself, increasing their physical and holy magic prowess considerably. Many Paladins in the past had attempted the technique, only to kill themselves in the process as their bodies simply couldn’t take it. Even Alicia, the legendary Hero herself, could only manage 1 minute at the very most. And after using it, both her stamina and muscles would be in a deteriorated state, weakening her significantly.

Which was why she was now seriously on the verge of having an accident of her own.

She clenched her urethra and anus with whatever strength she had remained. Thankfully, it seemed to have worked as she stopped leaking any more of her bodily waste.

Ooh, that was close…

So now, I believe… the invasion should be over?

She stood up, still with shaking legs. She looked all around the battlefield.

Sure enough, the orcs were indeed retreating. Without their mistress, their berserker state disappeared, leaving them vulnerable to fright, which the druid feasted upon.

The paladin smiled. Good. Now… I just need to get to the privy before I shat myself…

