Escaping the Endar Spire (contains messing)

Author: Darth_Thorin

*000*2015-09-02 01:32

All right. This is a story I promised Livinginfinite a long, long time ago. I hope it is worth the wait. I feel it lacks a certain polish, and I really would love feedback!

Without further ado

Escaping the Endar Spire

The Endar Spire was a pure majesty of durasteel and the finest Republic Engineering. A venerable cruiser, just a grade below the flagships of her era. A Republic Officer would slave for years, serve with the highest distinguish during the Mandalorian Wars, and still be passed up for the post of helming this glorious vessel.

Yes that honor would fall to her, Bastila Shan. She was the current and first Captain of the Endar Spire, and she was a Jedi Knight. Not only that, but she was young, so very young. In other cultures, far removed from the timeless and honorable halls of the Jedi Enclave on Dantoonie, Bastila would have been considered a flower in full bloom. Sheltered as she was, she had at least learned that she was what most men would consider beautiful. The farmers who shared their planet with the esteemed Jedi Order were certainly peaceful, but they made their thoughts known, especially in concerns to her growing physicality.

At this point, she was the youngest Captain of a cruiser in the current Republic Armada, perhaps in the entire history of the Republic Armada. It was fitting. Finally, both the Jedi and Republic were required to acknowledge her expertise and skills. Her battle meditation, for so long it had proven essential to Republic survival, both during the Mandalorian Wars and during this current resurgence of the Sith Menance. Also, the Jedi could not ignore her special placement in the situation at hand. It was her who led the strike team that removed the Dark Lord from his throne, it was only fitting that she led the next steps of the process.

For too long the young Jedi had been cast aside, seen, not heard. Paraded as the savior of the Republic, yet never was her opinion or expertise asked for. She was whisked from battle to battle, carnage and destruction abounding. She would play hero, rallying the troops, the ships, turning stalemates into rousing defeats and any rout into a successful retreat worthy of the Republic Academy. Yet consistently, she was ignored, she was silenced, she was told to meditate on the force and its will. These people would not be alive without her, yet they had the audacity to claim otherwise.

Bastila Shan attempted to banish such prideful thoughts from her mind. Her masters, though not as gifted by the force as her, had certainly known the nature of the mystical power that surrounded them. She had trusted in their wisdom for this long. Finally, it was paying off.

She was naked under the covers her bed within the Captain's suite, a large holowindow along the star port side giving her a view of the planet below. Taris. Sith Occupied, her cruiser sadly had to pass close to planet on its current route. The nature of civil war, when once friendly territory could be of the enemy, simply could not serve as deterent. Time was of the essence, and her "cargo" must be delivered.

The sheets were soft, much softer than the Spartan accommodations that she had gotten used to both in the enclave and on the war trail. The Republic treated its officer's kindly, and her equivalent rank with them allowed her fine, cool sheets, downy comforters, and a mattress that cradled her pale curves, like a mother holding their swaddled infant. There was no rising or setting sun, but her very attunement with the world around her let her know the shifts were changing. For the ship, the night was ending and morning began. The young Jedi say up, her brown hair tumbling down, raining on her shoulders. The blankets slid low, revealing her supple breasts as she clustered to sit. She closed her sleepy eyes, and focused.

At first, she could simply feel the hum of the machinery around her. But soon it expanded. She could feel the crew moving, tired men and women returning to their bunks, their equally tired bunkmates rousing themselves for their own shifts. Further out, she could feel the vast emptiness of space, spanned by the force itself, bridging down to the screaming bustle of the planet below. So much life, so much clutter, she could feel them buzzing. She could feel her stomach rumble and twist, a pressure descending down.

Gingerly, she reached down below the comforter, feeling her stomach. The comforts of this ship did indeed come with a downside, the food. Republic standard, even for officers, was a nightmare. Her stomach had binded shortly after the ship picked her up. Groaning slightly, she gingerly rubbed her lower abdomen, feeling the waiting mass within. It had been nearly three days since she had relieved herself, and no matter how she tried, the pressure would remain, the urge would grow, only to subside at the moment of release, teasing her with an end to pressure and discomfort.

Naked and disheveled, Bastila kicked off the covers and moved to her suite's refresher unit. Through sleep blurred eyes, the Jedi shuffled into the small chamber, her eyes settling greedily on the refresher unit. She had spent an hour on that accursed thing with little more than gas as her reward. She was not going to waste that time yet this morning. Instead, she entered her cleansing unit, turning the knobs and allowing the cleansing sonic amplifiers to clean her. Warm vibrations radiated over her as she stood, letting a day's accumulation of grime, dead skin, and other undesirables drop off of her. Bastila turned under the current, the warmth washing over her breasts and descending lower. When the current reached her lower abdomen, the Jedi had to stifle a groan.

The sonic vibrations tickled at the flesh of her stomach, radiating warmth. Yet the energy flowed deeper, assaulting her very full bowels underneath layers of skins. She nearly doubled over then, gasping as she felt something she had desired for days now, the sudden dilation of her anus. Finally, it was going to come out, she could relieve her burden. Clenching her cheeks, willing herself to hold on, the Jedi turned off her cleansing unit and began to waddle over to her refresher.

In that moment, an explosion rocked the helm of her ship. Echoing off, metal screeched and lights flickered. A follow-up volley came quickly on the first's heel. The sounds of war. Her body knew them well. With a pitiful gasp, her body tensed, the sinking feeling of her wastes finally bursting free receded back up into that dull pressure that had become her constant companion. Relief would have to wait, her ship needed its Captain.

It did not take long for her to done her simple robes. The bronzes cloth framed her pale complexion and brown hair well. The belt though was tied tenuously at best, the pressure of it adding to her already uncomfortable burden. Doing her best to cast her need aside, the Jedi Knight holstered her blade unto her belt as a third explosion rocked her ship. This time, the very vessel shook. Their shields were down, and the Endar Spire was open to full punishment. Cursing, the Jedi moved as quickly as her state allowed, the constant pressure in her lower bowels flaring at the sudden movements and jarring, erratic shaking of the Endar Spire.

She never made it to the bridge. A warning claxon was already sounding. Evacuation. Evacuation. Evacuation! Such a poor choice in words for the desperate Jedi. Her one desire, and she would finally get to heed it, just not in the way she truly needed. Troops were spilling out into the halls of the ship, sappers and engineers went to work putting out fires and sealing off doors as the enemy, the Sith latched on to their pray. She should have never been so foolish, she should have never flown this close to Taris.

But now was not the time for hindsight. In hindsight, she would have brought her own personal chef from the enclave, or even her own supply of food, anything that would have restored regularity. Even in the heat of battle, Bastila Shan could only think of the gnawing weight in her bowels.

Second to that thought was the thought of her place in this battle. She could hear fighting on the outside halls of the ship, where the Sith had breached. Focusing even for a moment, she could feel the presence of the dark side, a corrupting cloud that would have made her stomach roll, even in a normal state. No. Battle meditation would serve no purpose here. This battle was already lost. Run, running was their only option.

As captain, Bastila Shan was rather close to evacuation point. Two Jedi had awoken to accompany her, but such a detail proved unnecessary. For now, the defenses of the Endar Spire were holding and the Jedi were able to descend to the escape pods unmolest.

"Secure the ship, push back the Sith and by time. Only then should you rendezvous with me below" Bastila said, the young Jedi attempted to project an air of confidence and command to the two jedi, both older, more senior members of the order. Stalwart and stoic she stood as the sounds of battle descended around them. Ever so subtly, her stomach groaned and rolled, her hips swaying slightly, cheeks clenched to maintain the burden within her. Her first step upon landing would not be to set up a rendezvous point, it would be to find a place to relieve herself, even if, she shudder, it was some side alley by her crash site.

With a stiff nod, the young Jedi Knight descended into the pod, sealing the door behind her. Her steps were rigid and sharp, one after another, methodical, as if not to disturb her tenuous hold. She went to seat herself in the pod, being slightly thankful that such a position would help her hold it.

Out of the corner of her eye, an explosion of light and movement rattled. Quickly, her compatriots ignited their blades, blue and green lightsabers springing to life. One of them moved quickly, slamming the pod ejection button just as a flash of scarlet red blade descended upon them. Bastila never got the chance to secure the safety buckle over bubbling stomach.

The engines of the cramped pod roared to life, propelling the small craft away from the hull of the Endar Spire. Bastila was thrown into the side of the pod, the small craft vibrating and shaking from the explosions of battle around it. Round and round the Jedi was tossed, like a wamp rat in a sandstorm she rolled. Her lightsaber came loose, rocketing around the chamber with her as she began to enter the atmosphere.

Fast. She was moving much too fast. The tiny pod was roaring, deafening her with the sound of battle. Suddenly, she was back in that moment. Her attack on Revan's flagship, her first time in real combat. Fear bit at the back of her throat like bile. Back then, she had her friends, her team to lean on. In this tiny pod, the Jedi was truly alone, save for her fear.

Warm liquid began to flood into her robes as she spiraled down and down, burning through the atmosphere of Telos. She was going to crash, become a forgotten crater in this stinking city of planet. The wetness of her urine began to flow unbidden as the fearful thoughts continued. The Endar Spire burning, her compatriots slain by that ominous red blade she saw flash. Sodden and smelling of piss, Bastila Shan continued to tumble, trying to find some hold.

Her hands flew around the small pod as she tumbled in her own piss. Thankfully, her hands caught on to the seat she had initially started her journey on. She held tight, on her knees, desperately clinging to that seat. Dazed, she looked up, only to see the cityscape below her rising up to meet her at an amazing pace. Her eyes bugged out, bile rising in her throat as her anus puckered.

On the ground of escape pod, kneeling in a puddle of her own piss, the great Bastila Shan finally found the relief that had eluded her for 4 days. In fearful shock, she slammed her eyes shut, murmuring in uncontrollable fright as her shapely cheeks parted. She did not even notices as her waste began to flow, pushing out into the confines of her small clothes, stretching them taut as a solid log of of poop tented out the fabric of her delicate underclothes. The hard rope did not stain, rather it simply pushed the fabric away from her rear before meeting the resistance of her robes. With nowhere else to go, her solid load held her quivering hole open, eliciting a groan before the softer mess within her spewed out around her solid load, filling the confines between her panties and cheeks, smearing and covering every available space.

Over the din and ruckus of orbital entry, the cackling and bubbling sounds of the noble Jedi Knight fearfully filling her robes could be heard. Finally, as her pod neared the surface, Bastila Shan, cowering in fear, finally found relief. Underneath her sodden robes, her small clothes strained, the white fabric staining brown, bulging out with the various bumps of her load. Not a space of fabric was spared from her indignity. She finally opened her eyes, fearful instinct having run its course as her pod collided with the surface below. Her body flew forward, head knocking into the seat as everything exploded in pain, and then went dark.

Later, when the pod came to a rest, the disoriented Jedi awoke to the sound of pod's seal being broken. Fresh air rushed in, disturbing the tepid, shit coated smell that had settled around her. A gag of disgust rung out into her ears "Aggg! They must be dead" was all she heard as her head pounded, and the sensation of wetness and a squashed load of shit piled on her backside tugged vaguely at her consciousness. They had found her. She turned as whoever it was entered, and her lightsaber was nowhere in sight.

