Walking accident (messing)

Author: dickied111

*000*2020-08-27 16:13

Hi all!

This is my first attempt at writing (be nice) and I was told this by my friend when we were drinking, she told me in great detail but I unfortunately don't think I've done it justice!

Amanda is a very open person, she’s had two full wetting experiences as an adult (both drinking related) and some slightly overconfident farts that went wrong (who hasn’t had a shart) but to date she wouldn’t call herself accident prone. Amanda is really cute I'm genuinely amazed shes single (and also that she told me this story).

Amanda lives and works in Southampton, she is 5ft 5, with dyed blonde hair and striking blue eyes, she is thin with 34 DD breasts and a cute butt.

It starts at her apartment, as it’s warm, she decides to wear some black leggings (that give her a slight visible panty line) and a plain pink top, she is wearing fullback pink panties…

As she leaves her apartment, locks up and heads out on the 5 mile walk with her husky, She decides today to take the dog to a close by park, roughly an hour should do for some exercise for her and the dog. As she reached the park she felt a slight twinge in her bladder, she realized she had to pee. Now this wasn’t an emergency yet, she could use the public toilets at the park, although she wasn’t fond of public toilets it was better than the alternative! As she made her way to the bathroom her stomach felt a little uneasy, she wasn’t against letting go a quiet fart every now and then on her walks, she let out a long 5 second airy fart that was barely audible, it ended with a quick clench of her butt cheeks, she hadn’t been for a poop in 2 days so it was probably time for this to be taken care of. She doubled her speed to the public toilets

Amanda reached the toilets with the dog but to her disappointment they were closed due to the ongoing virus, this was inconvenient but it wasn’t quite an emergency yet! She decided to walk a little further through the park, maybe to find a bush to pee in, but alas, the park was busy enough that she didn’t feel she could risk it. She decided to head for home she felt confident she could make it, after all she isn’t accident prone!

About 10 minutes from home her need to pee is getting worse, she can feel the liquid swishing around when she walked, she’s starting to panic a little about how desperate she is! She’s never had a sober accident like this! She’s just glad she Is close to home and the streets are quiet during the week! By now Amanda is walking with her legs tightly pressed together, one hand on the lead, the other hand occasionally going to her crotch… she feels her stomach churn again, she pushes out a fairly loud fart, and her hand shoots to her crotch, she leaked a half second of pee in her pink panties.

She finally makes it on to her street with no further incident, as she sees her apartment her bladder relaxes a little and a 2 second spurt of pee soaks through her panties and leggings, there’s a spot the size of an apple on her crotch, thankfully her leggings are black! She struggles with her keys and the dog leash at the communal door and another spurt of pee dribbles out, you could see the droplets running down her legs if you looked closely enough! Finally the door is open!

All she has to do is make it in the apartment to avoid a total disaster! Disaster strikes at the front door, she tries to squeeze a fart out to relieve some pressure, but this plan backfires as the tip of the poop comes out to meet the back of her pink panties, she immediately clenches and sucks it back in but this work proved too much for her bladder, the stream started slow but gradually got faster as she started flooding her leggings.

She got her door open, turned round to lock it as the pee poured down her legs, you could now see how tightly her butt was clenched, as the dog ran off to the living room all she had to do was get up the stairs, a total pee accident was embarrassing but not as bad as a total poop accident, she gave out an involuntary scream at the bottom of the stairs as her poop forced itself past her tired anus, every step this poop inched out further and further, she clutched her stomach as the poop broke off, a 5 inch poop was making itself at home in her panties, she was at the top of the stairs when disaster struck again… a loud uncontrollable wet fart rang out followed by softer poop, rapidly filling her panties and leggings…

She stared at the bathroom door, panties and leggings soaked and full to the brim, this was her first sober accident in her adult life…and it caused her favorite leggings and knickers to be thrown in the trash!

*003*2020-08-29 15:59

The discussion came about during a drinking game, i'll hopefully get more info from her next time we meet up for a drink!

