The Rookies

Author: DsGSilver

*000*2020-12-12 04:53

Here's something new I've been working on. A more innocent and relatively lighthearted story, while still having lots of fear accidents. Hope you enjoy!

“Run! Run!!” Valery screamed to her friend. It took all of her willpower to wait a second and ensure Morgan had begun to flee, before starting her own flight. An arrow whistled through the air, sailing just by Valery’s ear before embedding itself into the dirt road. Behind the pair, the vicious snarling and howling of a pack of gnolls filled the air, along with a light hail of arrows and thrown spears. Valery heard a metallic clang, and felt something strike the back of her breastplate. She gasped sharply, fearing the worst, but when she didn’t fall over dead, she figured her armor must’ve actually saved her.

She blinked away tears, and choked back the bile in her throat, concentrating only on outrunning the gnolls. Beside her, the young mage was clearly struggling to keep up. Morgan was never particularly fit, and as terrible as this little exercise was to Valery, she knew it must’ve been ten times worse on Morgan. Additionally, Morgan had no armor, meaning when one of these arrows hit the target, Morgan was a goner. Valery quietly cursed the fact that she was the only one of them with any protection, “Do not stop running, no matter what!”

It seemed like Morgan needed no convincing, but Valery slowed her own pace down, until she was just behind the mage. Though it was hardly what she wanted to focus on, the sudden foul smell she detected as soon as she was behind her friend was difficult to ignore. She could hardly blame her, though; there weren’t many good reasons to soil yourself, but this was absolutely one of them. She lifted her shield arm up, high enough to cover her own head and Morgan’s back. Sure enough, something slammed into it, and then something even heavier impacted the shield, nearly knocking the young fighter over. She quietly pushed away the mental images of what would’ve happened if she hadn’t moved to intercept the shots.

Morgan stumbled a little. Her thin arms weren’t pumping energetically as she ran, more flailing wildly. Her rapid footsteps became uneven. Exhaustion was taking her, and in just a couple of moments, she would collapse. Valery’s muscles screamed in agony, as well. Another howl sundered the air, hurting her ears, but this one sounded distant. Strangely, what followed was quiet. The snarling had stopped. There wasn’t much time to think about the implications of it, as Morgan finally crumpled to the ground with a groan and a whimper.

Out of options, Valery spun around, shield and sword ready. She would have to stand her ground and hope for a miracle. Except… it looked as though the miracle had already come. The gnolls were backing off, their terrifying hyena-like faces disappearing into the brush. Many of them still looked at the women, mouths watering and fangs bared, yet they still retreated. It finally dawned on her that the great howl a second ago was a command of sorts. Some sort of gnoll alpha had called them back. For what reason, she couldn’t even begin to guess, but it was exactly the miracle she needed.

Valery fell down to the ground, landing on her rear, and panting heavily. She muttered prayer after prayer to the gods, thanking them for sparing the two. At some point during the ordeal, her hair tie had come loose, and her platinum blonde hair now hung messily down to her shoulders, and in her face. Her clothes were ripped and torn all over. Her brown pants (which she supposed would’ve been of more use to Morgan) were mostly undamaged, but her green tunic was falling apart, save for the bits covered by her cheap breastplate. Once she’d finally caught her breath, and the unpleasant odor of her friend’s accident had become intolerable, she got to her feet to check on the unconscious mage.

Morgan had fainted, and showed no signs of stirring. Despite the terror and mortal peril they’d just endured, the dark-skinned mage looked more like she was sleeping soundly, without a care in the world. Her long black hair had a bunch of leaves in it, and she needed to change her underwear, but otherwise she looked downright peaceful. Her blue robes covered her accident pretty well, too.

When enough of her strength had returned, Valery scooped up her best friend, and continued their trek to the town of Far Haven. Though it was a comment she planned to keep to herself, she had to admit that Morgan was heavier than she looked, and she had to keep herself going by either convincing herself that it was just exercise, or else imagining what would happen if the gnolls returned. After some time, her legs were about to give out, and she had no choice but to find a place to rest. She settled upon a small clearing in the trees, just off the road.

She set down her friend, then made sure to lay her magic staff and backpack down beside her. Valery carefully set her own equipment down, and then proceeded to collapse face first onto the ground. She savored every second of the nothingness; no monsters, no running, no imminent death. It was bliss.

She wasn’t sure how much time had passed when Morgan finally began to awake. Valery got to her feet quickly, to make sure her friend was unharmed. “Mmmmm, Val?” She groaned in a timid, trepidacious voice.

“I’m here,” She crouched next to her, “Don’t worry, it’s over, we’re safe.”

“We are?” The mage sounded incredulous, “How? What happened?”

“You fainted. I covered you, and then the gnolls just left. It was nothing short of a miracle… ”

Morgan reached a hand over and clasped her shoulder, “Don’t be modest. You saved my life, didn’t you?” She was asking a question, but the look of gratitude and admiration on her face made it clear she already knew the answer.

“W-well, I mean… ” Valery stammered out, blushing, “Maybe a little.”

“Thank you, Val,” Morgan leaned forward, and wrapped her arms around her. After everything the day had thrown at them, the hug was almost too much, and Valery felt tears threatening to emerge. Once the hug ended, and Morgan fully sat upright, her smile vanished instantly. “Oh, um. Oh no… ”

“What’s wrong?”

The mage seemed to shrink in embarrassment, wiggling her thighs gently, “Ummm, It’s just… I think I may have, uh, messed my pants.” Oh right. Forgot about that, Valery thought, That lovely, tender moment… interrupted by messy panties...

Blushing from the sympathetic, secondhand humiliation she felt, the fighter averted her eyes and said, “Oh, yeah, I think that you did. Um, I think it happened while you were passed out, and you know, I’ve heard that it’s pretty common for people to do that when they faint. So don’t even worry about it!” She figured that the accident would seem less embarrassing if it had happened while she was unconscious, rather than while she was fleeing in horror. A little white lie to maybe make her friend feel better.

Morgan still looked distraught, and more than a little ashamed at herself. “I didn’t help in the fight at all, I passed out, and then I pooped myself while you carried me to safety… I’m sorry… ”

“Hey now,” Valery responded with a gentle voice, “It was a bad day. If I’d had anything to eat or drink beforehand, you better believe I’d need a change of pants, too. Besides, there wasn’t much of a ‘fight,’ remember? I was running, too.”

The mage once again looked at her with gratitude. It made her heart flutter. Valery was pretty sure that Morgan didn’t know about her preference for women, rather than men; and was thus sure that her feelings for her closest friend were known only to herself. When Morgan collapsed, the only thing she felt was the urge to protect her, no matter the cost. When she… soiled herself, she felt sympathy for her, not disgust.

“We still have our pack, right?” The mage asked, as she gingerly stood in an attempt to not agitate her mess any further. “I believe I packed some spare underwear.”

“Yeah,” she turned and opened the pack, but her search was interrupted.

“Ah! Valery!” Morgan shouted, hands covering her mouth.

“What?! What?!”

In reply, Morgan stepped behind her, and gripped… something. She jerked on her armor, then walked back around to her front. “Did you not notice this?!” She was holding an arrow, which had been lodged in the back of her chestplate for hours. Valery could only laugh an empty, exhausted laugh.

###

Not much later, Morgan washed herself off in a nearby river, while Valery waited close by. She wasn’t close enough to stare, but close enough to hear if anything went wrong. As she waited for the mage to finish up, she reflected on the last few days. Contract work for adventurers was drying up all the time, the two had been working with dwindling coin reserves for months. At last, there’d been a ray of hope in the distant town of Far Haven, established across a long stretch of unexplored wilderness, teeming with beasts. The town was meant to serve as the first of many settlements in uncharted territory, but was almost immediately overwhelmed by the monsters surrounding it. And so, back by the treasuries of a dozen interested kingdoms, they put out a call for adventurers, warriors, wizards, and everyone else to journey there, and deal with the threats. They promised more contract work than anyone had ever seen.

Of course, they’d also promised that the trip there would be safe, and that went poorly to say the least. But still, it was their best hope to make a living. With night nearly upon them, Valery wanted to at least make it out of the woods before they stopped to camp. As soon as Morgan finished cleaning herself up, it would be time to get a move on.

*004*2021-02-05 05:14

Chapter 2

“Retrieve Storm Amulet from renegade necromancer”

No.

“Slay chimera pack in southern badlands”

Nuh-uh.

“Tame rampaging wyvern”

Absolutely not.

Valery studied the job board closely, but each contract only dashed her hopes further. The jobs available were well beyond the meager skill she and Morgan possessed. If the pair tried to take on a wyvern, they’d just wind up as reddish smears on the ground. Or just wet their pants and run for it. Whichever came first. Either way, no money for them. According to the guild representatives, all the lower-end contracts were already distributed, which left only the hard stuff.

“Any luck?” Morgan asked, as she walked up to Valery’s side. The mage had been off searching for any parties with room for the pair.

Valery gave a dejected sigh, “Nothing. Only stuff way above our pay grade. Things go any better for you?”

She smiled bittersweetly, “No one with any open spots, but several who might be interested later!” The mage knew perfectly well that they were just being polite, but still she remained optimistic.

“Great,” She groaned. With the crushing reality of there being no low-level work, and thus no money finally setting in, her stomach growled in frustration. “You didn’t happen to bring any more coins with you, huh?”

“Well… I did, but… ” Morgan lifted up a small satchel that fit comfortably in the palm of her hand. It could’ve contained enough gold to feed the two for a couple says, if used sparingly. However, as the mage turned it over, a large tear in the bag became visible. “I think the gnolls have our money.”

Of course they do. Valery held her head in her hands, resisting the urge to scream. “Don’t worry Val, I’m sure there will be more contracts and parties tomorrow,” Morgan tried to calm her down, but even her soothing voice couldn’t beat out her despair.

“Yeah, but what are we gonna eat today?” She asked bitterly.

“We’ll find something,” The mage took a step closer and patted Valery on the back, “We can find somewhere that’ll let us open a tab, or do some unofficial work. It’ll be okay.” She sounded like a mother trying to console a child.

Before she could respond, the guild’s doors swung open as an intimidating figure stepped through. It was a woman who stood at least six-and-a-half feet, with long and wild orange hair that went halfway down her back. She wore a shining silver breastplate, and lightly armored green trousers. Her arms were bare, which exposed the rippling muscle she possessed. And finally, a hulking claymore was strapped to her back, completing the ensemble.

The two novice adventurers were captivated, watching as she confidently strolled to the table and set down a burlap sack. “Here it is. The tail of Poison Jack,” The woman’s voice was steely and strong, but much less gruff than expected.

The guild worker reached into the sack, and pulled out what appeared to be a colossal scorpion stinger. Valery’s eyes widened and Morgan recoiled slightly at the sight of the thing. The stinger alone was the size of a dog. Whatever kind of creature “Poison Jack” was, Valery wanted nothing to do with them. After a second, the guild worker took the stinger, then produced a bag that seemed to be filled with the appendage’s weight in gold.

The veteran adventurer turned around, facing the door, “You know the rules, Millie! You gotta be here when we claim the payment, or else it’s all mine!” With a quick look, the two noticed that the door was being held slightly ajar. After a moment, a youthful face poked through.

“There, I’m inside,” Was all she said.

“You hear something?” The veteran asked the guild worker, who was smiling along to the bit, “Guess I won’t need you to divide the payment in half. Thanks for the-”

“Aaargh, stop!” The door swung open once more, and a young woman hurried inside. She was fairly short, and almost her entire body was wrapped up in a dark blue cloak. Her light-brown hair was short, messy, and somewhat matted with sweat. She scowled as she passed Valery and Morgan, and seemed to be… blushing? Yes indeed, she was blushing intensely.

A smell hit Valery as the girl passed; a harsh, and rather familiar smell. Rather similar to what she smelled when they were running from the gnolls. The cloaked woman reached the counter, and delivered a punch to the veteran’s arm, which she barely seemed to notice. Once she received her half of the payment, she immediately turned and rushed for the exit. Her cloak parted just enough to reveal her pants as she passed by for the second time, and there was no mistaking it: there were large wet streaks down her legs. At the table, the veteran was laughing.

“Poor girl,” Morgan intoned, though with a slight chuckle. “Promise me that you’re not gonna make me do the walk of shame next time I mess myself.”

“Of course not,” Valery said, then “I mean, you know, probably.” She gave her friend a devious smile.

Morgan giggled, but before she could form a retort, her eyes fell upon something on the ground, “Hm? Isn’t that a contract?”

“Huh?!” Valery hastily scooped up the crumpled bit of paper from the ground and read it aloud, “Cleanse the Witchfolly Cave Curse?” Whatever that meant, it sounded pretty well above their pay grade, “Need adventurers to destroy the rune matrix at the back of Witchfolly Cave. Return with its power crystal for payment. Beware! Undead enemies guard the rune matrix.”

“Oho?” Morgan said with a sly smile, “If only you knew an aspiring wizard with access to a bless spell.” She wiggled her fingers and golden sparks danced between them. “Val, I think this one might be worth a shot! How much does it pay?”

“Uhhh, let’s see… Upon delivery of the power crystal, payment will be rendered to the value of-” Valery peed a bit when she saw the reward. That was… a lot of zeros. She was speechless. She barely even noticed the slight warmth in her panties.

“What? Is it good? Is it bad? What’s-” Morgan, too, went silent when she saw the prize.

The quest sounded rather dangerous, and undead enemies were no joke. Valery would be next to useless against them if they were ghosts, since she had no magic. If Morgan wasn’t overstating her bless spell, then they should be no problem, but Valery couldn’t shake the thought that this quest was discarded and forgotten for a reason. But the mountain of gold that was on offer was irresistible. She looked up at the veteran lady, still idly chatting with guild workers; Bet she didn’t get so good by chickening out. No, we gotta seize this opportunity right now! “Get ready, Morgan,” she fixed her friend with a confident smile, “Tonight we’re gonna eat like queens!”

###

Witchfolly cave was a relatively short jaunt to the south, through a surprisingly placid forest with no gnolls. Valery would rather have walked into a dragon’s lair than back through a gnoll den. However, she did feel her anxiety begin to worsen once the duo passed by a sign with an ominous skull and crossbones drawn on it.

Even worse when they passed by a signpost with an actual skull impaled on it.

“Hey… Are you sure your bless spell will work?” Valery had asked, voice dripping with worry.

“... Yes.” Morgan had taken a moment to reply, and although she’d tried to sound certain, Valery detected a slight wavering. She’s trying to put on a brave face to help me calm down, she realized. It was little gestures like that that made Valery’s crush on her grow even deeper.

The actual mouth of the cave was decorated with dozens of symbols and ritual instruments, alongside various effects like windchimes, which may or may not have also been evil. A chill wind slowly billowed from the cave, making Valery’s hair stand on end, even through her armor. Morgan shivered beside her, so even her thick robes weren’t enough to shield her. The air even smelled foul, like rotten fruit. The only comfort was that Valery was pretty sure that corpses didn’t smell like rotten fruit, so maybe there wouldn’t be any. The skull was bad enough, but she was certain she’d lose her nerve if they came across any fallen adventurers.

Neither of the women moved to actually enter the cave, both just standing in trepidation. “So uh... you ready, buddy?” Valery eventually asked. Morgan nodded. Despite knowing that her weapon would be mostly useless inside, Valery took the lead. If there was anything that posed some sort of physical danger, she wanted to intercept it long before it got near Morgan. If they bumped into a ghost right away… then she supposed she would just duck and let Morgan blast it with holy magic from behind her. As good a plan as any, she figured.

Inside the cave, an almost electric buzz rippled through the air, making her hair stand on end. The sunlight failed to illuminate anything just a few short yards in, so they quickly had to rely on the light of a small fireball Morgan conjured and held in her hand. The cave did not get much brighter, as though it didn’t want to be lit up. Valery could count the things she knew about magic on one hand, but she had a feeling that wasn’t natural.

The two kept a slow but steady pace, not wanting to rush into anything. Morgan mostly looked around with timid curiosity, but Valery’s focus was more direct. She stared at the walls and floor as they walked, looking for traps. Countless adventurers, new and veteran alike, had met their end on a simple trap like a spike pit. She remembered the stories she’d heard, the warnings people had given her.

But fortunately, there didn’t seem to be anything of the sort in Witchfolly cave. They’d been walking for a few minutes, and the only thing in their way was the oppressive atmosphere and darkness.

That is, until Valery heard a scrape ahead of them, in the shadows. “Morgan, stay back!” She hissed, readying her sword and shield. Behind her, the mage prepared a spell in her free hand. An odd clattering sound drew closer, and Valery was pretty sure she could guess what it was. After an agonizing wait, a skeleton, draped in tattered cloth and broken armor appeared. It carried a chipped and rusted sword. “Think you can bless it?”

“I could,” Morgan answered, “But I’ll only be able to use that spell a few times. If we can kill it without bless, that’d be better.”

“Understood,” She raised her shield, and slowly advanced. She had to be careful, as the light from Morgan’s spell only reached so far. A skeleton wasn’t exactly a tough opponent, but they get a lot more dangerous when you’re blind.

It gave an inhuman, almost snake-like hiss, and lunged forward. The rusty sword clanged loudly against her shield, and the blow was deflected harmlessly. She retaliated with a swing of her own, aiming for the skull. Displaying an unexpected survival instinct for a walking corpse, it backstepped into the shadows, totally dodging her attack. While Valery tried to spot the skeleton, its blade swung from the darkness, forcing her to back up.

“It’s uh, a little smarter than I thought it’d be,” Valery could not keep the worry out of her voice.

“Should I use a spell on it?”

“No no, save your mana. Just gotta be a little more careful is all.”

Once again the skeleton stepped into the light, and once again bashed its sword against Valery’s shield. This time, she was much faster on the follow-through, and sliced off one of the thing’s arms before it retreated. Unfortunately, it wasn’t the one holding the weapon.

“There, see? Just gotta take it nice and slow and we-”

“AAAAAAAAAGH!!” Morgan let out a high pitched scream suddenly, startling her. She whirled around, but found her vision taken away as Morgan’s fire died. There was more clattering, from behind them. Another skeleton had come, taken them by surprise. Valery frantically prodded at the darkness with her sword, unsure of what to do. She needed to save Morgan, but if she wasn’t careful then she’d wind up stabbing her best friend instead the bad guys.

As panic and confusion began to take root, she became aware of the clatter of bone behind her. Still blinded, she spun and held up her shield, grateful for it when she felt another attack break against it. Valery swung her sword wildly, but only met the open air. Sweat ran down her face, and she was breathing heavily. There was a whistle in the air, as a blade sliced through it, and met her arm. The rusty edge bit into her flesh, and she yelped in pain. She swung in the direction she thought the attack came from, and her sword struck the wall of the cave. With the searing pain and the shock of that impact, her grip failed, and her only weapon was lost in the darkness.

“Uu, uuuu… ” She began to whimper, backing up until she hit the cave wall. From somewhere close by, the skeleton hissed again, and Valery collapsed in fear. She curled up on the ground, trying to fit as much of herself behind her shield as possible. Of all the things that raced through her mind in that moment, she got stuck up on the sudden realization of how badly she needed to pee, and seconds later, the realization that the need was fading.

Hot urine raced into her panties, and then flowed out into her pants. With her legs curled up against her chest, they were spared from the wetting, but then the pee just flowed down from her crotch, soaking into her butt. The puddle grew beneath her, and Valery cursed herself, My best friend is getting stabbed or eaten or something, and all I can do is sit here in my own piddle…

She tried to find her courage, to get up and fight till her last breath, but the shame of wetting herself had demoralized her past the breaking point. She just closed her eyes and began to pray. Her desperate plea halted abruptly when she heard a sound like the skeleton’s hiss, although more guttural. The kind of sound she imagined one of the monsters might make when it died.

She dared to look over, towards the noise, and watched as a torrent of flame materialized out of thin air, and shot upwards until it collided with the ceiling of the cave. A considerable stretch of the accursed place was illuminated, and who else but Morgan would be standing at the origin point of the flame. She looked battered and had some scrapes and cuts, but she was alive! Scattered on the ground around her were fragments of bone and warped armor, proclaiming her victory over the ambushing corpse. When she realized how close Valery was to being finished off, she shouted, “Don’t you touch her!” and lobbed a glowing white missile at the monster. It exploded with a wave of holy light, shattering its bones and scattering its pieces.

As she hurried over to Valery’s side, she scooped up a wooden shield that had belonged to her attacker, and lit it aflame for light. Setting the impromptu lantern beside her, she crouched down next to her friend, “Valery, are you okay?! Are you hurt?!”

Valery was so shaken, she could not find her voice. She sniffled a little, and reached for the cut on her arm. “Oh no,” Morgan breathed as she noticed the wound, “Don’t worry, I’ll make it better!” The mage clasped her hands briefly, and a soothing green light appeared. She pressed her hands against the gash, and Valery felt the worst of the pain begin to dissipate. She knew that Morgan’s healing magic was nothing special, but in that moment she thought it was the most wonderful thing.

“Better?” She asked.

“B-better… ” Valery answered in a small voice.

The tension began to fade, and Valery relaxed her legs a little, only to recoil when she felt her now cold urine puddle soak into her thighs a little. She let out a choked sob as her hand raced to her crotch, confirming that her accident was as bad as she thought it was. Morgan followed her movement, and noticed the puddle, as well. “Oh, you poor thing,” She wrapped the fighter in her arms, not caring if her robe soaked up some of the puddle. Valery held onto her tightly, certain she’d never been happier about a hug.

“If it makes you feel any better… ” Morgan began as she stood back up, “You’re… not alone… ” The mage lifted her robe up slightly, and slid off one of her shoes. She turned it upside down, and liquid poured out of it. As she gave the other shoe the same treatment, she continued, “And I can promise you that pee-soaked robes are much worse than pee-soaked pants.”

Valery smiled a little, and was helped to her feet. It was difficult to see much in the dim light of the fire, but she could see Morgan’s comforting, almost motherly expression that sent her heart aflutter. Her kindness was soothing, but not quite enough to overwhelm the shame she felt. Not just at the fact she wet herself, but that she’d failed in her role as a protector. Determination began to well within her, as she resolved to redeem herself, and wiped away her tears.

“You still have some mana left?” She asked the mage.

“Um, yeah. Do you really still want to do this?”

“Otherwise, we’re gonna have to go back into town as pants-wetters and failures. No way, no how,” Valery forced a smile, and pounded her chest, “We’re gonna cleanse this place, and we’re gonna get paid!”

###

Valery was reminded of her accident with every step she took. The seat of her pants was soaking wet, and the trousers were tight enough to not let her forget it. Beside her, Morgan’s shoes squeaked lightly with each step, and she grimaced in disgust. “First I soil myself, now I wet myself… ” She sighed, “It really hasn’t been a good couple of days.”

Valery had to concede that, for all her humiliation at peeing her pants, it was still leagues better than crapping them. “It’ll just be a bad memory after we get our money.”

At long last, they reached the back of the cave. An altar, covered in bones, held a large number of glowing sigils and runes. The menacing aura was stronger there than anywhere else in the cave, and both women were carefully looking and listening for any more surprises. When they were sure the coast was clear, Morgan set to work breaking the rune matrix. Valery did not have even the slightest clue what sort of arcane secrets were involved in the creation of a rune matrix, but apparently breaking them was a simple enough task. Morgan just wrapped a little magic around her hand and slapped the glowing symbols, which disintegrated immediately.

“Is that… Is that it?”

Morgan was about to answer, but the sudden flood of light into the cave did it for her.

“We did it!” Valery cheered! “Our first contract in Far Haven! Our first payment! Oh man, we’re gonna eat good tonigh- Oh crap, grab the crystal. Do not leave without that or we don’t get paid.” The sudden remembrance shocked Morgan as well, who turned and grabbed a small, pink crystal from the altar.

“So,” Morgan began, as she dropped the crystal into her pack, “What do you want for dinner tonight?”

“Uh, heh, see… ” Valery blushed as she began to speak, “We need to get the money first, and since your robes were thick enough that you can’t, um, see your accident… Uh, think you could go claim the reward for us?”

“You don’t want to do the walk of shame?” Morgan asked smugly.

“I’m good, thanks.”

“In that case, fresh pants and a hot meal coming right up,” The mage looked positively giddy with excitement as the pair turned to leave the cave.

*007*2021-04-16 01:42

Relatively small update. Before the next chapter, which will be pretty substantial, I just wanted to write up a short, less serious chapter. There's not much in the way of accidents, but there is at least a lot of dialogue about and recounting of past accidents.

Valery was positively beaming as she departed from the smithy wearing her new armor. Her old chestplate, sword, and shield had all just about had it. The funds from the Witchfolly quest had enabled her to afford some bright and shining replacements. They’d split the payment evenly, and still each had a small fortune. If used sparingly, it could easily keep them afloat for a couple of months.

With her new gear ready to be put to the test, Valery made for the guild. Sitting on a bench outside was Morgan, and even before she stood up, Valery could tell that she’d purchased herself a fine new robe; black and blue, with gold trim. The mage had evidently also invested some of her time in the maintenance of her actual body, as her black hair and dark skin were both immaculately clean and even more beautiful than ever. Valery felt herself blush as she approached her friend, and tried to steer her mind to less appealing subjects, in an attempt to not look like she was even more smitten than before. Try to remember that time she pooped herself… Valery thought, but only succeeded in recalling how their last mission ended with her sitting in a pool of her own urine while Morgan heroically saved her life. Her blush deepened.

“Oh, you look fantastic!” Her friend proclaimed once she’d gotten close enough. She was sure her blushing was obvious, but hoped Morgan would figure it had something to do with being seen in her new getup.

“Thanks, uh… So do you,” Was all Valery’s scrambled brain could produce. She wanted to tell her that she looked positively breathtaking, to formulate some kind of poetic description that did her justice, but a simple you, too was all she had.

Morgan proudly tugged at her robe, “You like it? I did my best to find one that was stylish.”

“You succeeded.”

“And you look like a proper knight!” She said as she admired Valery’s new armor, “I mean, not that you didn’t before, it’s just that now-”

“Are you kidding? I looked like a vagrant who swiped some old armor off a dead guy, before.”

“Well, I happened to think you looked quite dashing when you were saving my life from gnolls,” Morgan punctuated her sentence with a little boop to Valery’s nose.

Valery had no idea how to reply, and settled for just averting her eyes, rubbing the back of her head, and smiling. “W-well, let’s go see what’s on the board, yeah?” She awkwardly stammered out, and made for the door to the guild, but stopped when Morgan grabbed her arm.

“Actually, regarding that… ” The mage began, “You know, after our last outing, we have a considerable amount of money. For the first time in nearly a year, we don’t have to worry about our next meal. So… Why don’t we actually take a little time and enjoy ourselves?”

“Y’know… Now I think about it, the first thing I did with my money was go out and get more adventuring gear,” Valery mused as she glimpsed her reflection in her new gauntlets, “It’s been so long since we were free to do anything else, I didn’t even consider it.”

“Is that a ‘yes’?” Morgan asked, hands behind her back.

Valery thought for a short moment, “...Yeah, I think it is.” Morgan was certainly happy to hear it, but Valery didn’t even know what they were going to do.

“I have no idea,” The mage excitedly answered.

###

As it turned out, Far Haven was home to all kinds of people. The allure of this gem of a city, at the very edge of civilization and the very cusp of untamed magical wilderness drew in the warriors, the poets, the romantics, and the artists. Mere feet apart, you could see a group of hardened knights discussing battle strategy while a painter worked upon a canvas, capturing some landscape or other visage. And, as expected of a city where the most popular career was to repeatedly embark on life threatening expeditions, the many taverns were almost always crowded. For lack of any better ideas, Valery suggested they visit one, even though it was only midday.

The interior of the Hog & Whistle was lively in a way taverns usually only saw during festivals. In Far Haven, it was every day. Each table had a group of adventurers happily celebrating some mission gone right. The two of them found a small table and sat themselves. Valery drank from a mug of beer, while Morgan sipped a glass of water.

“Are you sure you should be drinking so early?” Morgan asked, ever the responsible adult.

“You wanted to celebrate, didn’t ya?” Valery said, offering her mug to her friend.

“Oh, no, thank you. You know I can’t handle booze.”

“It’s only beer,” She said with a chuckle. But she knew it was true. Just a few drinks and Morgan would pass out. She was a real-deal lightweight.

“Still, I just-”

Their conversation was interrupted by a supremely loud chorus of cheers from a nearby table. A group of four adventurers raised their glasses in a toast, shouting of their triumph over some manticores. In that moment, Valery learned some very colorful terms one could use to describe a manticore. And, judging by the wealth of mugs littering their table, it was far from their first toast today.

Two of the adventurers, both women, slammed their mugs together entirely too hard. One of them was much larger and stronger than the other, and the smaller one definitely lost; beer sloshed everywhere, and she fell backward in her chair. She landed arms outstretched, and one leg over the top of the overturned chair. Her right leg was off to the side, around the chair. Valery considered coming over to check if she was all right, but the drunken giggling from the fallen woman put her worries at ease.

Just before she returned her attention to Morgan, she noticed a dark patch blossoming on the crotch of the woman’s trousers. She’s peeing her pants! The fall must’ve shaken her bladder loose, and she was much too drunk to even notice. The wetness washed over her right thigh, then spilled over onto the ground below her. The splashing was pretty obvious, and her teammates were in no rush to give her a hand, instead they were mentally snapshotting the show. She was sure that drunk girl’s teammates were never gonna let her live this down.

“I have to say,” Morgan began, “When I envisioned what our future in Far Haven might look like, I never imagined it would have quite so much pants-wetting.” She was smiling, but was also clearly embarrassed. A fair share of the underwear ruining had been done by her, after all.

“Y’know, me neither. Can’t say I’m thrilled about it.”

“The stories about knights fighting dragons and rescuing princesses never covered how badly the knights had to change their pants?”

“Didn’t come up all that much, no.” Morgan laughed at her answer.

The mage quietly swirled her drink around in her cup for a moment, “Can I tell you something silly? Actually, a couple silly things?”

“Of course.”

Morgan looked like she already regretted it before she said anything. She cleared her throat, “You see, A few years back, when I'd just become an adult, I went on this little adventure with some of the other novice mages. We had this experienced fireblade warrior-mage with us for protection, and she was incredible- and, well, she has nothing to do with the story, really. Sorry, it’s an embarrassing and awkward story, and I’m trying to avoid the actual topic… ”

“Take your time.”

“Right. So. Several novices and one expert. We just had to explore some ruins and come back with sketches of the runes we found there. Well, the night before we got to the ruins, we had the bright idea of telling ghost stories. Turns out one of the other mages had heard some particularly nasty tales of the spirits inhabiting those ruins. Our warrior-mage just said ‘maybe it’s haunted,’ and left it at that when I asked her. So, I was absolutely petrified when I was trying to sleep.”

“I think I see where this is going,” Valery said, already putting on a sympathetic expression.

“Oh, I think it’s a bit worse than you’re ready for,” Morgan ashamedly folded her arms, “You see, I was so afraid of the possibility of being ambushed in the night, that I neglected to relieve myself. I can’t fall asleep when I have to pee, and I had to pee, so… I peed.”

“While you were still awake?” She asked in disbelief.

Morgan nodded, “Wide awake, lying down, and… I wet myself. On purpose. Then I finally fell asleep in my damp, smelly sleeping bag. The others were not particularly understanding about it,” The sudden, distant look in her eyes conveyed what her words didn’t. Bullies. They bullied her about it. Assholes. Angry thoughts surged through Valery’s mind, mostly images of her punching anyone who would dare to bully Morgan. The look on her face must’ve given away what she was thinking, as Morgan rushed to add, “I-it wasn’t all bad! The experienced mage, she made them be quiet and said it could’ve been any of them. She helped me clean up.”

“Good. I like her.”

“Anyway, the point I was getting to is… Well, then the gnolls happened. I, uh, soiled my bloomers pretty badly. And I was passed out in them for a while, too. It was… it was a mess. Then Witchfolly cave happened, and I peed my bloomers, and all down my legs and into my shoes when things got bad. I knew it was happening, too, even though I was frantically fighting for my life. I felt it soaking into the lining of my robe and everything. I was miserable, I felt like I belonged back in diapers. So, please don’t take this the wrong way,” She paused, Valery braced herself, “But seeing that you also wet your pants was one of the biggest reliefs of my life.”

“Thanks a lot,” Valery jokingly replied.

“I’m sorry, but I’m serious! First the warrior-mage said it could’ve happened to anyone, then you said that anyone could’ve had an accident while they were unconscious. But both times, it was just me. Then it happened a third time, and I… I didn’t know what to think about myself. Nothing positive,” The self-deprecation made Valery wince, “But, seeing it happen to someone else, just one time, I felt things click into place. I guess I must have felt how you felt when you shielded me from the gnolls. I just wanted to protect you. I guess that’s where I’m going with all this. Thank you for having an accident in your pants.”

Valery spoke through gritted teeth in mock anger, “My pleasure.” In reality, it really was, though. Hearing that Morgan had been so full of doubt and self-pity, she was happy that she was able to help. Even if it was at the high cost of her own dignity. Dammit, of all the things to bond over, why’d it have to be piss? “But seriously, were you that unsure of yourself?”

“I really was. I thought I had to be the biggest coward in the world; the adventurer who pees and poops her pants at the drop of a hat.”

“Morgan! You’re amazing!” She chided her friend, “You’re a lovely and wonderfully smart person, and don’t you forget that!” She wagged a finger at the mage, who seemed to tear up a little. She felt like her earlier failure to compliment her friend had been redeemed, if only a little.

“Thank you, Valery,” She swirled her drink around a bit more, then finally took a sip. “Well, I’m sure we can think up some slightly less awkward conversation topics, hm?”

###

If random celebration and wanton drinking were a common enough sight during the day in Far Haven, then by evening it was more of the rule, rather than the exception. The collective mood of “We might all die, and no kingdom is close enough to help us,” seemed rather conducive to an atmosphere of constant merrymaking. Everyone living each day as though it might be their last.

Valery found it quite enjoyable. More than once, she simply inserted herself into groups of celebrants, chatted and joked for a couple of minutes, and then departed with some of their drinks. Morgan, meanwhile, was visibly uncomfortable with the constant noise and crowds. Valery was careful not to leave her side for too long, as the mage was noticeably more at ease when she was close by. Or rather, she was only at ease when she was close by.

“You tired?” Valery asked, returning from a quick pilfering of a couple mugs of… something alcoholic.

“A little, I suppose,” She answered, with bags under her eyes.

“Drink?” She asked, thrusting one of the mugs towards her, “I grabbed a second one when they weren’t looking.”

“All yours,” She replied.

Valery took a big gulp from both mugs. “Come on, I feel bad,” She began, “I got to choose everything we did today. Isn’t there anything you wanna do?” Her speech was very slightly slurred.

“Uh, well, you’ll find it very boring, I’m sure… ”

“Not possible. What do you wanna do?”

“Well, Far Haven is supposed to have a very robust library, and I haven’t had the chance to visit it.”

“That is very boring, but I will happily go with you.”

“You will? Are you sure?”

Valery downed the contents of one of the mugs, then tossed it over her shoulder. She wrapped her then-free hand around Morgan’s shoulders, “Taking this little vacation was your idea, you know. So we’re gonna do what you want, too.”

“Well, all right, then. I believe it’s this way,” Morgan smiled earnestly, and led Valery through town.

The library was, indeed, grandiose. Even somewhat drunk, Valery could tell how impressive the building was. She was never much of a reader, but she had to commend the sheer breadth of their collection. Morgan could barely contain herself, and was practically bouncing as they strode through the aisles, piling books up in Valery’s arms. The aspiring knight was tremendously bored, but she didn’t mind one bit. She didn’t even mind being a pack mule for all the books Morgan wanted. Just seeing the otherwise reserved Morgan so excited and happy was more than sufficient payment.

What kinda books is she grabbing, anyway? Valery wondered, craning her neck to view the spines of the books she carried. Probably some really hard magic stuff. ‘Advanced Arcanology Volume 9’ or something. Her eyes went wide upon realizing that atleast half of the roughly sixteen books she was carrying were romance books. You think you know a person…

###

By the time they’d finally returned to the cramped inn room that had been their home since they arrived, both of them were exhausted. Valery’s fatigue was due in no small part to her lugging around Morgan’s many rentals from the library. They’d been too broke to afford a more spacious room when they’d first arrived, so they settled for a small room with a single bed. Despite her feelings for Morgan, she was not satisfied with the notion of them sharing a bed, out of consideration for uncomfortable it might have made her friend. Thus Valery had prepared to sleep on a marginally comfortable chair, and leave the bed to Morgan.

She was touched when the mage insisted that they share the bed. “If you don’t sleep on the nice, comfortable bed, then neither will I,” she’d threatened, lying down on the floor. This night, Valery made no attempt to be polite about sleeping arrangements, and promptly crashed down, face first, onto her pillow. As she began to drift off to sleep, she felt a blanket tossed over her, and then Morgan gingerly climb into the bed, as well.

*010*2021-05-11 16:34

{{4 hours ago, JuliusSlouchy said:

I enjoy this story. Will you continue it?

Also will we see any bedwetting? (I would like to see Valery having that accident )

}}

I'm glad you like it! I will absolutely be continuing this story. I have the next chapter maybe a quarter of the way done. I just am really slow with updates.

