Izzy's Adventures

Author: AudreyLovesPee

*000*2016-08-15 20:51

Ok guys i have been on the server for a while now. And today i am going to write my first fiction story. I am not sure how long the story will be but im hoping it will last for a while. Also i hope you enjoy. Thank you all so much for support on my wetting stories and i hope you enjoy this just as much.

Chapter 1:

It was 2 A.M. and after being in labor all night April's fist son was finally born. April and Tommy decided to name their son Conner. He was 3 weeks late and she was so relieved to have finally given birth. She and her husband Tommy were so excited to have their first kid. After they were released from the hospital they headed home to where they had the perfect room set up for the baby. They had bought a blue crib and small baby clothes. The room was painted blue, small blocks were on the shelf and a book shelf was in the corner. They were excited but also exhausted. As soon as they arrived home they crawled into bed hoping the baby would wake them up in an hour. Everything was normal for the family for the first 3 or 4 years. The baby was strong and healthy and to the parents nothing was wrong with him.

Now fast forward to when Conner was 5 years old. Now that he was older his parents noticed something odd with him. Every time they visited the clothing store he would always have an unusual interest in dresses or skirts. Also at the toy store they would look at trucks and Legos but their son wasn't interested. He would always run towards the barbies and dolls. His parents were a bit worries but thought that he might grow out of it. When he started kindergarten that year he made friends easily but all of those friends were girls. His parents talked to him asking if he met any of the boys in his class but his answer was always no.

Conner said he didn't like to do what the boys did during play time. He liked to play dolls with the girls instead. His parents continued to be concerned but still hoped he would grow out of it. But 2 years later Conner was still the same. So his parents decide it was time to see a doctor. They first met with the doctor so he would know the whole story. Then they took Conner to see the doctor. After seeing the doctor for around a month he asked April and Tommy to come in and see him so they could talk.

They were greeted as they waled to his office. "So do you have good news for us doc?" Tommy asked as they sat down. "Well I've got news. Not sure if its good or bad" the doctor answered. "Well have you figured out why Conner is like this?" asked April. "Well I have" said the doc "But its shocking news, It seems that Conner is actually a she. Conner is a transgender. That basically means he was born with a male body but on the inside he is a girl."

"What you mean my little boy is a girl" April said. "Yes" said the doctor" He has a disorder that caused him to be this way." After this shocking news he gave them time to let it sink in. They continued talking about what this meant and what they should do about it. They decided that they would talk to Conner and see what he wanted. Then they would decide what to do next. They thanked the doctor and left. The whole car ride home they tried to think of a way to tell their son that he was in fact not their son but their daughter.

*003*2016-08-15 23:04

Ok thanks I'll change it to unusual.

Also glad you liked it.

*004*2016-08-16 15:01

Chapter 2:

Meanwhile Conner was staying home with a babysitter. His parents had left around 5:30 p.m. and the babysitter was instructed to put him to bed at 8:00 p.m. He had eaten dinner before they had left so he could have fun when the babysitter was there. When his babysitter John arrived Conner was supper excited. He was going to play Mario Kart Wii with his babysitter. His parents had bought him a Wii for his birthday and tried to buy gender neutral games. After an hour and a half of Mario Kart Conner felt the sudden urge to poop. But since he didn't want to stop playing he decided to ignore it. 10 minutes later he was shifting back and forth a lot. John asked if he was alright and he said yes so they continued playing. But only 5 minutes later Conner was moving so much that John paused the game and told him to go to the bathroom. "We can finish playing after you go" he said. Finally Conner gave in and decided to go poop.

He got up and as he was walking to the bathroom he felt his bottom give up. He had been clenching his butt so hard he couldn't do it anymore. His muscles relaxed and the poop mushed into his underwear. John knew what had happened immediately. He could see and smell the bulge in his pants. Conner began to cry so John got up to help. He told him that they would clean him up and then play more Mario Kart before bed. John picked him up which pushed the poop all over Conner's butt. Conner felt the poop on his butt checks. It was warm feeling and helped him calm down. When they got upstairs to the bathroom john put him down so he was sitting on the edge of the bath tub.

This caused the poop to smash around even more. John ran the bath water and then told Conner to get undressed and clean up. But Conner asked John if he could help him. John was reluctant but agreed. He pulled of Conner's shirt, pants, and socks leaving him standing in dirty underwear. Conner turned around and John carefully pulled the underwear off so he wouldn't make a mess. Conner hopped into the tub and John put the underwear in too. He told Conner to wash up and try to get the poop of the underwear. When they were finished cleaning up John put the underwear into the wash and helped Conner get dressed in his PJ's. After that they finished racing in Mario Kart until it was time for bed.

Conner's parents arrived home at 8:30 and John informed them about what happened. They thanked and paid them and he left. April looked at the underwear in the wash to inspect the damage. She decided it was better to just throw them out. She went up stairs with Tommy to see Conner. He was sleeping when they peeked in his room so she kissed his forehead and headed to bed. Maybe a good nights rest would help her think of how to break the news to Conner.

*006*2016-08-16 15:17

Thanks. I hope more people will see it and start reading it soon.

*008*2016-08-17 20:00

Ok well thanks for letting me know. I don't really know much about it. I kinda knew the kid would know but I wasn't sure if they would know that they were the other gender or if they just knew somthing was wrong. Also I can edit it to make it so they go see a physocolgist not a doctor. Glad you like it and thanks again for informing me.

*010*2016-08-28 18:18

Yea that's good advice but I'm going to start over with a non transgender story. I think it will be better since I don't know much about transgenders. But the story line is going to be the same as I was already planning. The first two chapters will be similar just minus the transgender stuff.

*011*2016-09-10 18:41

Hey guys i am re writing this story and this time it will have no trans gender stuff. Here is the first chapter. enjoy!!

Chapter 1:

It was 2 A.M. and after being in labor all night April's fist daughter was finally born. April and Tommy decided to name their daughter Izzy. She was 3 weeks late and April was so relieved to have finally given birth. She and her husband Tommy were so excited to have their first kid. After they were released from the hospital they headed home to where they had the perfect room set up for the baby. They had bought a blue crib and small baby clothes. The room was painted blue, small blocks were on the shelf and a book shelf was in the corner. They were excited but also exhausted. As soon as they arrived home they crawled into bed hoping the baby would wake them up in an hour. Everything was normal for the family for the first 3 or 4 years. The baby was strong and healthy and to the parents nothing was wrong with him.

The only problem was potty training. Izzy didnt seem to want to use the bathroom. They had explained to her multiple times to use her small training potty instead of her diaper but she never did. They would always be changing her or having to wash dirty clothes. April thought that not allowing Izzy to wear a diaper might work. But instead of using the potty she would just go in her pants. Then she would take them off and put on a new pair. Numerous times they found poopy pants and panties on the floor in the house. They didnt understand why she wouldn't just use the toilet. They talked to her and every time her answer was that she didnt like using the potty.

After a month or two of making Izzy wear pants and no diaper she started using the potty but her parents were still finding peed on and poopy pants in the house. When the asked her why this was Izzy responded saying she was just sitting on the potty with her pants still on. They didnt know what to do and hoped she would just grow out of it.

After a while it appeared as if she did grow out of it. But what her parents didnt know is that she was just getting better at hiding her messy clothes.

When Izzy was 5 years old she started going to kindergarten at her local elementary school. She had some friends from a play group she went to for the past few years. On the first day of school she got up and went down stairs to eat breakfast. "Izzy i want you to wear a diaper to school today just i case you have an accident." her mother said. "You might have to hold it longer than you are used to here at home." Izzy was secretly excited but just answered "ok i will mommy."

Izzy went upstairs and got dressed with her pull up. She was so happy to be wearing one again. Two of her friends were not potty trained yet and two of them were. But all five of them had wet their pants in front of each other before. One time at the park Izzy and her friend Emily had went poopy in their panties together because they were both really desperate.

Izzy came back down stairs and she and her mom drove off to school. When they arrived they said their goodbyes and Izzy walked into school with her friends. Izzy knew it was going to be fun especialy since she could go pee pee or poopy in her diaper and not get in trouble for it.

