Just Some Stomach Problems (Hyperdimension Neptunia) - Text Version

Author: JessicaTTG

*000*2021-03-04 18:38

Last time I posted this story, it was a Word document, so I'm just reposting it in a text form so as to simplify things. Enjoy!

Just Some Stomach Problems – A Neptunia Fanfic

(Disclaimer, this story assumes at least a basic knowledge of the Hyperdimension Neptunia series.)

It was early in the morning, on a late summer day in Planeptune, one of the four nations of Gamindustri. Planeptune’s youngest goddess, Nepgear, also known as CPU Candidate Purple Sister, had just woken up after a wonderful night’s sleep.

“Mmh…” She sits up and rubs her eyes… “…Goodness, I haven’t slept that well in a while… dinner with Noire and Uni was just that wonderful, I guess. I never realized horsebird meat could be made into burgers, nor that Uni was such a good cook.” Glancing over at her nightstand, Nepgear spots an empty glass of milk, dotted by orange and black specks. “She… did overdo it on the habañero seasoning a little, but that’s minor.”

The smell of bacon wafting in from the kitchen catches her senses, a telltale sign that breakfast would be ready soon. “I guess I should make my appearance, then… Uzume’s cooking is always amazing...” Yawning one more time, she dons her ubiquitous sailor outfit and heads for the dining room.

“Good morning, Nepgear!” Her older sister, Neptune, chimed in. “You slept in rather late today… are you feeling okay?”

“Huh? Oh, yeah, I’m fine~ We just got back late, that’s why I slept in,” she responds with a smile.

“Oh, okay. Well, if you’re sure, I believe you then!”

“Hey, Nepsy, food’s ready- Oh, hey there, Gearsy~” Uzume, the oldest of the three sisters, brings a couple of plates over to them at the table.

“Ooh… this looks delicious, Uzume! Thank you!” Smiling, Nepgear digs in. But where to start? “I just had that horsebird burger last night, so I’ll save the bacon for last… oh, who am I kidding, pancakes are obviously first!” However, she didn’t get far into her meal before her appetite begins to fade.

“…No offense, but I’m… already starting to feel full. Or… rather, I just don’t feel hungry anymore. I’m not sick, or anything, and this food is all amazing, but… I just can’t eat any more,” she sighs, putting down her fork.

“None taken, Gearsy. I get it – you had a lot to eat last night, so it makes sense. I’ll see if Histy wants any when she gets back from the library.” Uzume takes her plate and places it on the counter for later.

“So, what do you guys plan on doing today? I think I might go out to Virtua Canyon and practice my climbing skills!” Neptune chirps, making a grabbing motion with her hands. “I’ll be sure to bring plenty of that new pudding-flavored Nep Bull along, so that I keep my energy up!”

“I’m probably gonna go visit Blansy and the twins again. Maybe stop by the ninja academy on the way there and visit an old friend of mine.”

“Oh, do you mean MarvelousAQL?” Nepgear ponders, memories of the busty shinobi flying through her head. “I wasn’t even sure she was still alive, considering Neptune and I haven’t seen her in five years…”

“Yup, I sure do! She’s alive and well, surprisingly enough, given the dangers involved in being a ninja. How about you, Gearsy? What are you gonna do?”

“Uhm…” Nepgear takes a moment to consider Uzume’s question… “I… I’m probably just gonna go train in the forest. I need to make sure I stay in shape following last night, after all, and an HDD diet isn’t going to cut it for me like it might for Neptune…”

“Heeeeey, I’m right here!”

“Oh, stop it, you… I didn’t mean that in any sort of offensive way, I was… I was just saying…”

“Uh-huh. Suuuuuure you didn’t,” Neptune snarks in response.

“…In any case, that’s what I’m going to do.” Nepgear stands up and heads out to the balcony. “I’ll see you guys in a few hours~” She transforms into her HDD form, and flies away.

“Take care, Gearsy!”

“Have fun, Nep Jr.!” Neptune’s cheery voice soon turns to a snide grumble “…Calling me lazy…”

Coasting through the air, Nepgear embraces the feeling of the wind blowing through her hair, and the power of the Share energy coursing through her veins that gave her the ability to fly. It was… wonderful, or at least, it should have been. However, as she approaches the forest floor, these blissful feelings give way to something else… a growing pain within her stomach. The meal she’d eaten last night was beginning to catch up to her.

“So that’s why I wasn’t hungry…” Sighing, she reverts to her normal form as she lands. “I wish I would’ve known before I left the Basilicom, but… oh well.” Nepgear summons her beam saber, and begins her hunt for monsters, of which there were numerous appearing on her enemy radar, all rather non-threatening to a seasoned fighter like her, but which still had the potential to pose a danger to ordinary civilians. “Right… this is going to be easy! All I have to do is…” She lunges forward and begins slashing away at enemies like they’re butter.

“Hyah! There!” Half an hour later, and with a few more swings of her weapon, the last of the enemies disappeared from her radar. She was worn out, but had gotten in her desired training for the day. “…Virtua Canyon isn’t that far from here… I’ll go and see how Neptune is doing. It hasn’t been that long since we left home, so she probably hasn’t gotten up to much.” She stretches out, and then starts down the dirt trail to the canyon. Sure, she could fly, but where would the fun be in that?

After ten minutes, Nepgear was making steady progress in her walk… but then, her stomach pain made a resurgence. She freezes in place… Pppppoooot… and a small, trumpety fart emerges from her panties.

“I should really find a place to use the bathroom soon… but I don’t want to go into the trees to do it.” Onward she goes… but only thirty seconds later, she pauses again. Pppbbbbbbttt…

“G-goodness, that one was bad… but, at least nobody was around to hear or smell it…” The pressure in her stomach was building at a hastening rate… every dozen or so seconds, another small, desperate toot, which begin to get closer and closer together.

“P-please… don’t come out just yet… I’m almost to the canyon’s edge, there’s a public bathroom there… if I transform now, I’m going to poop myself for sure, and I don’t want to mess up my processor unit…” The bathroom was in sight, just thirty meters away… then, Nepgear freezes. A couple more miniscule toots… “N-no, please! Not now….!” …and a thick log begins to emerge from her butthole.

“Kyaaaaa! I-I can’t stop it…!” The candidate’s legs trembling, her pink and white striped panties are interrupted by a brown bulge being formed by the massive load emerging from her. Pbpbpbt…. klgrhhh… splort… it just won’t stop. Nepgear’s face is now bright red, uncontrollably pooping in her favorite panties, the smell around her almost unbearable.

After what seemed like an eternity but, in reality, had only been thirty or so seconds, she was finally emptied out. Hesitantly, she reaches back, under the skirt of her sailor dress, and touches her hand to her panties. They were bulging significantly, the size of a grapefruit, although thankfully, the load was mostly solid.

“…I’m… I’m a goddess, and yet… and yet I just pooped… in my own underwear…” Her heart racing, she finally looks up, at the bathroom she’d so narrowly missed making it to… and she spots what was just about the last thing she’d been hoping to see in this state – Neptune, who was standing by the door, looking at her with a concerned but caring expression.

“…Are you… okay, Nepgear?” Neptune comes over to her… but stops in her tracks when she catches a whiff of the nearly toxic cloud surrounding her. “…Pheeeew… wait, did you…?” The poor younger sister just nods softly, and it looked as if she was about to cry. She offers a hug to Nepgear, who reluctantly accepts…

“I-I can’t believe it… I… I had an accident of this magnitude… s-sure, I’ve had small wet patches after getting off rollercoasters, but not… not this…” Sniffling, she buries her face in Neptune’s chest – not that there was much to begin with, but that didn’t matter.

“…It’s okay, Nep Jr… honestly, it happens to the best of us, and… if there’s a silver lining to this, at least nobody else saw you in this state. That being said, let’s go get you cleaned up. I’m sure it feels super gross.” Nepgear nods, and together, the two sisters slowly head for the bathroom, the bulge in the imouto’s panties swaying uncomfortably with every step.

An hour later, the two of them were the last ones to arrive back at the Planeptune Basilicom, as Uzume had rescheduled her visit to Lowee for another day, having just opted for visiting Marvy instead. Nepgear is still blushing, although at least her butt and panties were clean now, the only remaining evidence of her accident being a permanent stain.

“So, you two wound up teaming up, eh? That’s cool! Guess those low-level monsters didn’t really pose much of a challenge for you, Gearsy.” Nepgear just nods, not wanting to acknowledge what had happened.

“Oh, well, you see… she came over to join me, but when we met up, she was totally in the process of crapping herself-”

“N-NEPTUNE! D-DON’T SAY THAT!” Flustered once more, she drops to her knees… “MY DIGNITYYYY…!”

“Heh, don’t worry ‘bout it, Gearsy.” Uzume lays a gentle hand on her sister’s shoulder. “…You just had some stomach problems, that’s all.”

END

