Faust's Daily Dimensional Diving for Desperate Developments - Page 4

Author: AuthorFaust

*079*2019-09-29 15:42

[Day 20: Formally Challenged, Part 1]

"Can't believe I have to do this.."

"Hey, you lost the bet."

"Yeah, whatever...."

It was a slow walk, into what would no undoubtedly be an interesting night. A large, black gate opened a path towards what could only be described as a massive mansion, with many an illuminated room noticeable from the outside... As the duo quietly paced forward.

"Mysterious letter, fancy party... Suspicious mansion.." the first called, an older boy in a neatly-pressed suit, with a teal undershirt called... Messy, mussy brown hair matted to his head in a vain attempt to control it.....As his arm entwined with another. "Definitely-not-a-trap."

"Well, it gets me out of that place." the other, a fair skinned, modestly endowed girl with dark hair..Straightened, and clearly handled with much greater care and skill... Donned in a majestic black dress, with red and purple highlights that showcased a generous portion of her collarbone, and hugged her body neatly. The clacking of heels could be heard as they walked up the stone path..... Approaching the mansion. "I'll take about anything over those vultures."

"It's only for one night." the suited boy reminded her, as a hand moved to grab the door handle. "Then, we'll be going back, understood?"

"Yes..." the girl remarked, rolling her eyes a bit.

"Yes...?" he replied, very clearly expecting some kind of title, or addendum....

"Yes Da-" she started, prompting him to flinch... As the girl chuckled loudly. "You're too easy to wind up, Arthoria."

"And you're..." the suited teacher of the black light district griped... Visibly stammering over his words. "You just..don't know when to quit."

The door was opened before more squabbling could occur, and the inside of the mansion was revealed....To be no less impressive inside, as lavish purple carpet stretched from wall to wall, tables were expertly positioned with glasses, plates, and refreshments... And, most importantly, scattered about the area....

"Yo! Looks like you made it after all!"

"W..who are they...?"

"Ahhh... They should be the last two.."

"I feel like i've seen em somewhere before.."

Were several other people, in elegant formal wear, like the two arrived in. Calling to them, were a girl with dark red hair, suited like Arthoria (But with a crimson shirt, instead of teal), a petite girl with silver hair in a shimmering, silvery dress.... A regal-looking girl with shoulder-length black hair, that seemed to be in her element already, donned in sky blue..... And a lime-green haired girl, with a dark green dress.

"Guess we were fashionably late again.." Arthoria stated under his breath, as Kozuko's heel none-too-gently planted on his own foot.

"Not my fault you made the gamble on my underwear separate." she uttered back in a sharp tone, Arthoria not even reacting to the stomp.

"Wanted to give you some choice in the matter.." he added back in just as sharp a tone...As several of the others came into view at this....

A plum haired girl, with an equally plum dress that stopped near her ankles..... Showing off a respectable figure, next to an incredibly curvy pinkette, in a stunning, backless red dress, that seemed to almost emphasize her ample breasts...

And, clinging to the pinkette's arm, was a slender, petite girl with black hair.... A dark blue dress stopping just below her knees, as she wobbled precariously... Her stance staggered as she struggled to keep her balance....

"Wow...Lots of girls here." Kozuko noted, as Arthoria craned his neck some more.... Doubling back as he saw a girl with shoulder-length teal hair, and a girl with dusty-blonde hair...Yet a dangerous grin.... In Teal, and gold, respectively.

"Yeah.... old and new.." he remarked, trying to not meet any of the gazes as they paced in....Stepping ahead of Kozuko. "I'm...uh... I'm gonna go do a thing. Be back in a sec.."

Kozuko watched the boy scamper off, away from the dusty blonde and teal haired girl....shrugging as she paced around, glancing at some of the refreshments.

"Might as well.." she noted, heading to a punch bowl and pouring herself a glass, as she sat around... Pondering where, or really... who to talk to.....

"Boy, she looks dangerous, Arthoria.." the red haired girl in a suit called as he paced by.... shaking his head.

"Penny, don't..." he warned quickly, moving past her quickly. "One of my students, and she's dangerous with those heels..."

:O...Oh, work friends, sis?" the silverette asked, holding a glass between both of her hands..As Penny gave an amused smirk.

"You could say that..." she mused, holding a glass herself by the rim as she cautiously sipped, schemes a plenty no doubt brewing behind her gaze....

"I see you're well, Arthoria.." the black haired girl responded, in a slightly superior tone. "You clean up nicer than I expected. Well, except your hair..."

"I know, Emily." Arthoria stated, a hand patting at his messed up hair, as he glanced around. "Mysterious invite? No sender?"

"Yes... quite." Emily replied, glancing around. "You don't think..."

"Good Evening~" a voice came from a higher floor of the mansion, prompting everyone's gazes to turn skyward.....As an otherworldly figure, in a dress that resembled the starry night's sky... Fine, pale skin... And an all-too-telling smile. "I'm glad you could all make it to my little party~"

"Shit."

"As I'm sure you all know..." the woman mused, posing in a dramatic fashion as she turned... Long, starry gloves up her forearm matching her dress decorating her fingers. "My name is Saril, and I'm absolutely delighted to have you all here tonight. Try the punch, have a snack~ But most importantly..."

A sudden, jarring sensation struck the crowd as a whole, prompting an exasperated sigh, coupled with sudden gasps, flinches, and pauses...

"Try to keep yourselves contained." she mused, with a playful wink. "Our fun little get-together here has to have a theme, and I know just the one everyone can enjoy: An Escape room! But not just any escape room... For, rather than escaping the building, you're merely to escape...Well, you all know what's going on by now..."

Legs pressed together, hands pressed, and hips shifted... Expressions tensed, posture stiffened, and the all-too-entranced gaze of Saril looked down upon them... As she twirled a bit in her dress.

"Your goal for tonight, is to escape your shame." she mused, turning her back to the group. "The bathrooms are way up here, but it's quite a labyrinth. You'll need to traverse through more than a few obstacles to make it up here, and even then... Well, I won't spoil the surprise just yet... "

She started away from the group, through a door at this... But, her voice permeated the air, sounding all throughout the mansion.. As if she hadn't left at all.

"Last one holding their piddle wins. Good luck, cross those legs, and remember to.... Hold it!!!"

.....

'Gonna be a long fuckin' night...'

[To be continued....!]

=====

*085*2019-10-10 04:24

[Day 20: Formally Challenged, Part 2]

"A challenge, Hm?" the suited supernatural hunter (Penny) stated... With a grin stretching from ear to ear. "I've always wanted to challenge the Goddess of Lust.."

"A..Aaa... If I'd have known this was going to happen...." her petite sister (Youmu) sounded, already shifting vividly under her dress. "I....I wouldn't have.."

"Hmpth....Nothing I can't handle.." the haughty black haired girl (Emily) stated, standing firm with a serious look, refusing to show weakness out the gate....

"Oooh, I've always wanted to go to one of these!" the perky lime-green haired girl (Ellie) Piped up, eyes gleaming like stars. "These kind of things are so exciting!"

"We've got to escape the room..? Oh...I'm getting flashbacks.." the plum haired girl (Lillica) stated quietly, recalling the last time she was trapped in a building.... in a similar state. "Kind of a shame Faust isn't here..."

"Mmmmm.. It's okay, Miyu. Yuno'll take care of you." the pinkette (Yuno) assured the petite black haired girl, patting her shoulder gently. "No need to worry."

"I..I'll try to keep calm.. Thank you." she answered softly, lightly gripping the waist of her dress as she stood.... Trying to keep her balance, despite developments.

"Hm... Well, it can't be too difficult.." the dusty blonde haired girl (Faye) mused, a finger brushing her lips as she pondered. "Escaping our shame, that is..."

"Certainly. We just need to keep calm, and focus our efforts.." the teal haired girl (Winona) mused, setting down a glass "Though, i suppose i should stop sipping away at my drink, until it's safe to do so."

"Can't believe I got roped into this kind of thing, again." Arthoria groaned, rubbing his head with one hand, as hands gripped the front of his suit, the dark haired girl in a black, accented dress having bounded over to him in a flash.

"Was this your idea, perv?' Kozuko snapped viciously, lifting the sole male off his feet (And showing she had no trouble maneuvering in heels), as he lightly swatted her hand aside, floating for a few moments, before landing.

"No, I already did my time as Saril's second in command.." he protested, shaking his head. "'Sides, not like you're in any danger. Saril's keen on you."

"Not the point, nerd." Kozuko retorted, scoffing as she turned to the group. "A'right everyone, listen up! I have a plan!"

The group all started to circle around Kozuko at this, prompting her to glance over them all, as she flourished her hand around the building....

"We're going to have to go with the time-old tradition to find an exit.." Kozuko continued, gesturing to each person in turn. "We split up, and search for clues! We'll cover more ground if there's three or four groups than if there's one."

The group nodded quietly in turn, save Arthoria, who rolled his eyes slightly.

"Yeah, cause splitting up always works out in movies." he deadpanned, earning him a sharp shot to the side from the dark haired, self-appointed leader.

"Ignore him." Kozuko stated sharply, gesturing at the girls in turn. "Red, silver, Princess, You're group 1. Plum, Pink, and Mini, Group 2. Teal, Lime, and......and Blondie, you're group three..."

"Mmm...? But that leaves you and..." Faye responded, her eyes giving a slight shimmer as she watched the suited boy with an...unsettlingly analytic gaze, as the dark haired girl stamped down in her heels.

"Don't worry: He'll be the first to go." Kozuko assured, prompting another eyeroll from Arthoria... As she gestured at the corners of the mansion. "Everyone, take one of the doors out from here, we'll check if there's a good path upward. Try to meet back up in an hour to discuss our findings. Any questions?"

A meek hand from the petite, dark haired girl raised.... Eyes almost hesitant to meet the cocky, confident gaze of Kozuko...

"A..are we in danger..?" Miyu inquired with a tensed posture, her gaze averting, and her head lowering.... As if already admonishing herself for asking such a question....Prompting Kozuko to open her mouth to assure the girl....

But, a pat on the head from the Suited Arthoria instead responded, rubbing her neatly done hair lightly (And mussing it up in the process).

"Nah... Saril's a lot of things, but she isn't dangerous.." he mused, in a..strangely soft tone that Kozuko wasn't used to hearing. "She's interested in putting on a show, but not into putting people in danger. You'll be okay: I promise."

The girl's face burned red, and she could barely mumble a response...As Arthoria turned back to Kozuko, as if nothing had happened.

"Well? Shall we?" he mused, sticking out his arm.... But, rather than take it, the confident woman strode proudly up the stairs swiftly. He shrugged his shoulders, and followed after her.... Prompting the other groups to head out on their own corners... Moving to different doors as they started their separate journeys.

"Mmm... Do you suspect she had... alternative reasons for pairing herself up with him?" the accusatory tone of Faye started as the groups were out of earshot, prompting a wave of the lime green haired girl's hand.

"Hmm? Nahhh, I don't think it was like that." Ellie mused, her hand gripping the knob of the door, and starting to open it. "She's not quite putting off the Tsun Tsun vibes you'd expect. Prolly just some professional courtesy."

"I get the feeling there's something we're not quite in the know about.." Winona added softly, her hands resting at the front of her dress as she walked. "This wasn't the kind of thing we had to do back on.."

"Hm..A chill...?" Faye sounded as the group paced into the room....

PItch black, from the moment they walked in....Before the door slammed shut behind Winona, and a bright light encompassed the area......

Leaving the group blinded for a few moments, before finding themselves in....

"Ohhhh wow, I didn't know there was a pool in here.."

A massive room, with an Olympic-sized swimming pool that stretched out for what looked like forever... Coupled with a few notable signs every so often.... Presumably, for distance.

"Fifty....A hundred.......Two... goodness, how far does this go?" Faye asked as she glanced up at the signs... Prompting Ellie to stride over.

"Man, if I'd have known they'd have a pool here, I'd have brought a suit.." she started quietly, kicking off a pair of emerald high-heels, as she dipped her legs into the waters. "Ohhh, and it's heated, too..."

One could nearly see what could be felt as steam slowly rising from the waters of the pool....Ellie's submerged feet almost looking like they had punctured a hole in the waters.... Prompting Winona, and Faye to shiver at a sudden chill that ran through the air.

"M..Mmm.. Let me try.." the teal, tea-savvy girl added, kicking her own shoes off as she dipped her own feet in the water... And similarly quivered. "O-Ohhhh... Ohhhh, it is quite heated..."

Faye eyed the water warily as heat poured off of it.... Prompting an involuntary shudder, and the pressing of her legs together.... As the other girls relaxed some more.

"Something doesn't seem right.." she stated, but the lime-green haired girl merely tucked up her dress, and started to pull at the top.

"Ohhhhh, I can't take it..! I gotta get in..." she called quickly, tossing the dress over her head... Showing off some green-laced garments underneath to preserve what little modesty she had.... sinking into the water in her garments. "Ohhhhhhhhh...Ohhhhhhhhhhh... Ohhh... Is... It's so goooooooooood..."

Winona and Faye both stared a bit wide-eyed at this, more than a bit surprised at her brazen display..... As she started to wade gently, sighing.

"Mmmm.. C'mon in! The water's amazing.." she invited, prompting the teal haired girl to stand up... But, before Winona could consider it, Faye tucked her back from the pool.... Whispering snidely.

"She's like a kid... Haven't you forgotten we're on a mission?" she snapped, prompting a familiar pang from the teal haired girl's body... As she suddenly tensed up.

"R..right.. Right..." she responded quietly, sliding her heels back on, as she leaned over. "C'mon Ellie, we should keep looking! There's gotta be something around here that could lead us to the bathroom.."

"Mmmm.... Mmmm?" the girl responded blankly, a look of sudden relief crossing her face as she swam.....

As a steady, but slow stream could be seen through the water.... Spraying out through the girl's pantied faucet, and into the crystal-clear waters of the pool.... Marked by a peculiar, sparkling, glimmering tint that would dissuade any confusion as to what she was doing in the pool...

"Mmmmmaaahhh.... I'm good... thanks.." she mused, clearly unaware of the water's display of her own relaxation.... As the sparkling liquid seemingly vanished into the massive waters of the pool, prompting Faye to nudge Winona sharply in the side.

"Gross.." she whispered with a dark gaze, turning away from the lime-haired lingere-clad girl's endeavors.... As they moved about the pool-area... Looking for something... anything else of note....

The air seemed to chill further as the two walked, prompting Faye's shoulders to tense, but Winona's whole body to start shivering... The warm water on her legs sorely paying for her quickly-dashed relief, and her bladder angrily reminding her of it's own contents with every chill.

"Finally... A Door.." Faye sounded after the two navigated to the end of the massive pool (over 300 feet long.) Her hand grasped at the door quickly, tugging sharply at the handle as Winona turned her head.

"What about Ellie...?" she asked quickly, not even prompting a glance backward from the dusty-blonde.

"Leave her." she replied curtly, prompting a small frown from the teal haired girl... As she leaned back.

"Ellie! We're going on ahead! Wanna come with?" she yelled, cupping her ear for a response......

But, to no avail. She could hardly see the girl as she swam from edge to edge, clearly none the wiser... Nor seeming to care. She hesitantly turned back to the doorway with Faye, and started along nervously... A hand resting at the front of her dress as a chill ran through the air once more.... Hurriedly shooing her away from the cold air....

'Wonder where we'll end up next...'
