Rey’s needs to pee desperately: A Star Wars Fanfiction

Author: Batman007

*000*2018-01-26 22:03

It was morning on the island of Ahch-To where she lay on the floor naked in a hut next to Luke’s. She put her resistance clothes back on and felt the urge of peeing, the only way to pee was to pee on the edge of the cliff. But she didn’t want to do this because what if Luke saw here releasing out her pee, she knew Luke’s hut had a bathroom in it so she walked to Luke’s hut and knocked on the door.

“Go away!” said Luke Rey said “No Luke I have to pee can I use your bathroom”, “no go away!” said Luke. “Luke please I don’t want to wet myself, please Luke!” said Rey. She had to hold her pee in it was nothing like Jakku where she could wet herself on purpose. Rey knocked and knocked but Luke just keep saying no so she walked back to her hut and hold her pee in

She needed to pee there was no toilet or bathroom in the hut so she had to find a substitute, she looked around and felt her bladder worsening and hurting. She screamed as her bladder felt worse, she already had a full bladder when she found substitute to a toilet.

She went and thought about it Luke will not come to her hut so she sat down on a chair and she scraped the idea about finding a substitute item to pee into. She sat in her chair and squirmed, she was going to wet herself.

She started to get her hand and started to play with her pussy, she then got half full bladder screaming hard as it felt so good. She squeezed her legs together as she played with her pussy again as she made it uncomfortable and had a full bladder as she relaxed and waited for her to piss her white panties.

As she started squirting her pee into her panties dampening them, then she screamed again and then she relaxed her bladder muscles. She then started having a another squirt of pee coming from her pussy came gushing out and made her panties damp. She then waited just then her bladder muscles opened and felt her pussy pouring out her hot golden pee and started peeing in her panties. She didn’t know what was going to happen later. Rey missed her time in Jakku, when she could pee wherever on the sand at her home.

