Godzilla, the Discovery

Author: Ishigreensa

*000*2012-09-10 08:03

Godzilla, the Discovery

Brian, a research biologist for Nasa was in the middle of what he thought was an important project when the army came to his camp, a colonel that understood nothing of what he was doing about to reassign him.

Brian- You have no idea! This is research is going to explain so much that we didn't know before!"

Colonel- Really?

A couple of soldiers were already taking some of his things that he had set up and putting them carelessly into a truck.

Brian- Hey! Careful with that! Do you know what you are interrupting? I have found proof that the neuclear leaking in these mountains have produced profound affects on the wild life here.

Colonel- Really? Fascinating. Sergeant!

Another military person had grabbed the machine he was measuring radio waves with and threw it into the truck.

Colonel- You've been reassigned.

Brian- You can't do that! This project has been funded for the last ten years, and it's already paid for for another two!

Colonel- Well, you are. If you don't like it, take it up with your boss.

Brian- I will.

Colonel- Good. Meantime, we have an emergency.

Before Brian really had any answers at all, he was put on a helicopter and flown out to some islands in the pacific. The flight was nearly six hours, and by the time he had gotten to the island where they wanted him, he was quite hungry as well as tired.

Brian- Where am I?

Sergeant- You are in the Philippine islands. We have something of great importance here.

Brian sighed. Brian- Fine, I'll take a look.

He was taken from the copter to the main base camp they had already set up with several people already there.

Brian- Wait! You already have people out here? What the hell did you need me for then?

Sergeant- They are all specialists of their field, but you are the biologist.

Brian- Great! What am I looking for?

Sergeant- Amy, meet your boss.

Amy- Oh great, another desk worker, right? Look, I already told you, we don't need him.

Sergeant- Yeah, well your boss who signs your checks say you do, so listen to him.

Amy- I will. You haven't even given me twelve hours, and I was promised a chance to lead this one.

Sergeant- Yeah, well, he's been working with Nasa a lot longer than you.

Amy folded her arms quite rebellious to the change of events.

Amy- I will find your answers for you. He will just be in the way. This is not something that concerns his field.

Sergeant- Just file your grievences and show him the sample.

Amy- Fine, I will.

She turned to look at Brian.

Amy- Amy!

Brian- Nice to meet you.

Amy- Same here.

The next minute, Brian found himself trekking a short distance towards the sea. Before getting to the sea, however, he saw several people taking measurements of the ground and soldiers quarentining off the area. He couldn't really see anything of interest as he looked around for several minutes, and then it dawned on him. there was about a foot depression all around him, and upon closer inspection, the place he was in the middle of, was like a large lizard like foot print.

Brian- What the hell?

He had just come back to the sergeant who had shown him the print.

Brian- That was a foot print!

Sergeant- No kidding.

Brian- I'm... I... What could have made that thing?

Sergeant- That's what you are here to find out.

Amy- I told you he wasn't cut out for this. You should have left him where he was.

Brian was still stuttering about the foot print for several minutes, before he realized that someone else was there.

Amy- This is Ralph. He runs the equipment and takes measurements for us.

Brian- Nice to meet you.

Ralph- Same here.

Brian and the others sat in council that night talking about what the creature was and where it had come from. The woman, who had long yellow hair and dressed in a buisness suit that was called Amy was the first to present her theory.

Amy- The creature is said to be able to swim deep under the sea. It is possible that it had come out of the sea and took what it needed to eat and then returned. The creature is far too large to be anything that is commonly seen today. I think it might be related to the earliest reptiles that later came onto land. It could have been down in one of those canyons deep in the sea, and undisturbed for millions of years, maybe with the global warming or whatnot, it had the right conditions to hatch from its egg.

Brian- Wait! Wait! There is no way this can be some kind of lost dinosaur! If such a thing had been living, there where is the proof that there are others. One egg could not have lived for millions of years just to pop out sometime in the future and hatch. The animal inside it would have perished long before this.

Amy- What if the dinosaurs were just not seen, and had been in deep ocean all this time? Maybe it has a whole habitat down there.

Brian- I don't think that's possible. Look, why don't we just look at the fact we know rather than try to speculate something that is as likely as finding a cave man trapped in ice and then being able to thaw him and see him live.

Amy- Alright! What is your theory then?

Brian- Well, what do we know? This island is the home to Monitor lizards, and it has been exposed to nuclear testing for years. What if the eggs of the lizards were somehow to mutate. Why don't we start with taking samples of the hatched eggs in this area and go from there.

Amy didn't like his answer any more than he liked hers. First of all, it takes millions of years for evolution like that to take place, and secondly, that still left it open that they should be seeing more of these monsters around. She stormed off when she could see that the army seemed to like his explanation better than hers, and with a final 'fine,' she entered her tent for the night.

